Also in Mystery Heroes, correct me if I'm wrong, but if you jump off the ledge you respawn as that hero again.
I feel you. I'm 36 and still dealing with the monthly hormonal BS. I thought maybe at 30 this would have ended but newp! Best I can do now is BHA, AHA, and stuff to tackle the PIH when I get in a popping (I know, bad) mood.
Female Bay Area techie here. I know the type. lol I go to a bar with my friends in Los Gatos or Mountain View or SF and you run into these fellas who are so self-congratulatory it makes you do a stinkface. Your brother may carry on for a while until he meets his match and that may or may not knock him a peg or two but his attitude is pretty common around these parts. I'm sorry you have to deal with him.
Had to bring my car into the service center because the battery went kaput. Called AAA this morning for a jump and drove him straight there. Once I got there and explained the issue to the service rep he went on saying it's an electrical issue and then telling me I need to replace my tires. Yeah, I may be a woman and I probably don't look it but I'm into cars. Yes, it's an electrical issue because the battery is dead (original OEM from 2010 when I got him) and second, my front tires won't need replacing for another 6-8 months. Stop trying to add shit to my bill that I'm not asking for changed. Then there's the issue of the windshield wiper pump not working. The last service they topped off the fluid but didn't bother to check if it comes out. I swear if they bill me for that today I'm gonna fight it. Stop taking advantage of female customers who drive your expensive ass cars, you moneygrubbing poopsacks.
I thought it was just okay when I got a haircut and blowdry. It's really on the individual stylist and mine wasn't that good or that bad. Would I go again? Probably not.
Thank you! I know Filipino/Tagalog but I had a hard time understanding the punchline as well. XD
I wonder how easy/difficult it would be to reach that $1200 spend if you buy haircare, skincare, and makeup all from Ulta. For Sephora I can definitely see it being pretty easy considering they even have foundations like La Mer ($110-ish?) and expensive palettes like the Natasha ones ($200ish) and on top of that, the high-end skincare like AP, Drunk Elephant, etc. For Ulta, I don't know. It seems like a stretch to me.
I made Rouge through mostly skincare than makeup when I look back on my purchases. For me it's probably a 70/30 split between skincare and makeup. Add on top of that purchasing gifts for birthdays and Holidays and Rouge was easy to hit. Though you're right about the point system though. A lot are trips and sessions with their pro artists. I can't see myself having like 10k points for instance but a pro MUA might.
I've been curious about the microneedling for a while now. How soon after you had it done that you put Vit C on your face?
Oh I mean, after you had the needling done, did you do the Vit C the next day? XD Or did you wait a few days before applying it?
So, you know how you can leave weapons in Link's house? The other day I was teleporting back to sleep there and before I walked in, I remembered I had a pond. I thought to myself "Hmmm... If I can leave my weapons at home, I wonder if I can leave fish in the pond and populate it." I hold a Hyrule Bass, drop it in the water, and he stayed floating at the top. I had that Michael Bluth moment of "I don't know what I expected..." when it happened.
Oh my goodness! Dang that must have stung so much if it was soon after. XD Thanks for the clarification. Maybe I'll hold off on it until I sum up the guts to try it.
No kidding! I miss the dealership where I originally bought the car because my sales guy and service advisor there were hella trustworthy and reliable. That place got bought out by a big chain and the two guys left. The regular guy I have now is good and I also have a indie garage in my back pocket for other things.
No they have to be on the mounts (3 melee, 3 shields, 3 bows). If you leave it on the ground eventually it despawns/disappears. I wish there was something akin to like the chest in D3.
I need a cigarette after watching that. XD So good. Hopefully your teammate didn't knick him with a bullet and then he proceeds to wipe all you squishies.
I'm not going to buy any bronzer or lip product. Currently doing the whole MUR thing and I'm working on my stash. I feel better not buying more things and using the products I get from my Sephora Play. Literally living off DS and I have plenty of them. It feels therapeutic if that makes any sense...
As /MUACJ would say, it's a sex thing. 😐 I guess like how they portray it in movies afterwards. (I don't smoke though.)
Oh man, Patek Philippe is just astronomical. I recall learning about the application form one needs to fill out to purchase certain models because they have to approve who buys it (basically have to be mega-rich or the head of some industry). Personally I'm a fan of Zenith and IWC Men's watches. I find a lot of their aesthetics appealing for my taste and the simplicity of some of their designs are eye catching (at least for me). With Zenith you can find watches at about $3500 upwards to even $50k or $100k for LE pieces. My husband has a chronomaster (open back) that he got for about $8.4k after negotiating it down. I have a Zenith Elite Classic (about $3k) which is a mens watch technically but with it's large face and slim design looks pretty sleek on a woman too! The reason I'm a fan of these two brands is because their styles are similar and their watches are so versatile whether you dress up or dress down. IWC my faves come from the Portuguese and Portofino lines. Last I checked at Stanford SC the Portuguese I was eyeing was going for $12.5k. Prices have gone up because of the movement makers. :\ You can find some pieces from them for half that for much simpler design (which I guess I tend to gravitate towards). I know most people would say Rolex but if the fluted bezel is not your style, it's definitely a miss. However, there is the Rolex Cellini line that has a more gentle looking bezel and looks sleek AF. Doesn't look like a traditional Rolex but when I saw it I thought "wow" and watches from that collection start at about $11k-12k. Stay away from the mens Tiffany watches. I don't feel if you're going to spend that kind of money, spring it for a "real" watch maker especially when it comes to mens watches. They have some beautiful womens watches but that's more for fashion and also brand name. If you're gonna spend $5k-10k defintely stick to the well-known brands.
It's when you've already blown your Life Grip CD on someone else that the other person is yelling at you why you didn't use LG on him as well. It has a long ass cooldown, floorlicker.
That one I actually liked and would buy one or two of their products if I already didn't have a sizable stash to whittle/tackle away on. Victoria just exudes more class than Jenner because she's known as "Posh Spice" from her girl pop group days so it kinda fits. I feel the Jenner one was more of a desperate grab to try and lure younger consumers to their brand.
What about a smartwatch (like the Samsung S3)? I actually wear my previous gen rose gold one a lot more than my traditional watch cause it's my step tracker, workout watch (when I'm at the gym), and I can change the faces to suit the occasion. It's more utility with a touch of fashion still. Perhaps the fancy fashion non-tech watches can be saved for like, a big job promotion, anniv, or big landmark occasion! It would be the equivalent of like, a Tiffany Celebration ring but a watch instead. :)
One of my friends put a carbon fiber lip on his 2010 W204 and also a carbon fiber cover (idk what it's called) on the roof. I made a remark over dinner with friends one night how he's turning Monica into like one of those women who get cosmetic surgery one after the other. When he asked me what mods I have to my W221 I said "None. I love Thor in all his stock handsomeness." Granted the carbon fiber lip is the same look used on the C63 Black Edition it looks nice but man, I guess I really am a sucker for standard aesthetics. XD The W204 to me without mods will always be one of the sexiest C-class AMGs to ever come out.
Sleep deprived mom to a toddler who is reverse sleep cycling at the moment - I woke up to the shaking then when it stopped, closed my eyes and went right back to sleep. My husband in the morning asked me if it was a dream or if the earthquake was real.
Oh man. Screw Shape Tape. Got a sample of it, tried it on my underrye area - *bam* - crepey ballsack skin look. Never again. I find that Nars Radiant Creamy works better for me with a damp BB!
Also Aveda. I'm already buying a big ass expensive bottle of your shampoo *and* conditioner and you're still going to charge me $1 per pump? Piss off.
&gt; I don't exactly appreciate it when I see people judging others for how they spend their money. We are in no position to know the financial situation of some random commenter on the Internet. ... but when I see someone on MUE make a sale post "Short on rent" or "need money to eat for the rest of the week" etc etc then darn tooting I might feel just a tad judge-y. Obviously there could be other factors why they shop so irresponsibly (ie. using it as a coping mechanism) so I bite my tongue and keep scrolling.
After having my second child, I failed my PPD check. I had used skincare and makeup as my way of coping and feeling "happy". I think it was in the span of 4-6 months, I hit Rouge. I went from barely having a makeup collection (all my makeup was in one pouch) to having a Cosmocube full of it. It took me the better part of a year to effectively have a MUR routine in place - Don't buy right away, let it sit in the cart for 24-48 hours, and if it's replacement buy. It didn't put me in a financial bind but it didn't help the root cause of my issues. Getting into buying a crap ton of makeup you don't need is easy when you use it as an outlet for a bigger problem. I definitely can't stand though the glamorizing part of it where people insist that you "need" a certain product. You never "need" it, you want it. The bits of self-deprecating humor, fine, sure whatever. But when I see posts like in MUE of "Short on rent" and "Need to feed the kids" I am just blown away a bit and a little heartbroken. When your hobby is starting to impact your real responsibilities, it's time to evaluate things. Just my $0.02.
I love the Guerlain lipstick mirror packaging but dang, it is heavy!
With skincare I have two favorites: * Amorepacific Luminous Effect Brightening Fluid bottle - It's just a [sleek, tall, white bottle with a slim pump](http://www.koreadepart.com/data/item/1503556028_l1) but I like the look. Also for one pump, it dispenses the perfect amount of product for both my face and neck. * Drunk Elephant - I love the airtight packaging of the Firma C and AHA. I was sad when they redid the eye serum because I much preferred the pen style the old one had. The old pen style fit perfectly in my skincare basket along with everything else I use for my routine. I don't mind the new eye serum packaging but it dispenses way too much product in one pump. The old packaging always dispensed the perfect amount. For makeup my favorite packaging (off the top of my head): * Cushion foundation - Particularly Amorepacific cushions and the YSL ones (both the KR edition and US). I just loooooove the convenience of cushion makeup for when I'm on short trips or in a rush to put on makeup.
Junkrat is my second most played hero (60+ hours maybe) and I still forget about his passive. XD
I bet if the tables were reversed and the guy spent the same amount of money on car parts/accessories or video games, the same women would be going for the jugular. You are absolutely correct that both behaviors shouldn't be encouraged. Instead, communication about hobbies and its associated cost should be discussed like responsible, mature adults. *Edit:* Hella confused as I'm agreeing with the statement above but I'm being downvoted. Okay?
I greatly appreciate your reply/insight! It makes sense to me now why I'm seeing the downvotes. It was definitely not my intent to be cantankerous but as friends of mine have pointed out, tone is hard to discern when it comes to text on a screen. I feel that if one side can get in trouble for dishonesty (say guy concealing spending on power tools, video games, car parts), it should be obvious that done the other way around (makeup haul), should also get the other side in trouble. I feel there are other ways of women supporting a makeup shopping habit but this so called prank is not what I feel is one of them. Also apparently calling the lady a "piece of shit" is more acceptable than pointing out error goes both ways. I should have known. :P
Honestly, they could be capitalizing on the Naked line recognition so much instead of trying to do something like Heavy Metal (that weird looking palette). They layout and packaging for Naked is perfect and imagine being able to easily use and store numerous ones. It's just so handy. They could do plays on Naked like they did for Naked Heat. For instance: * **Naked Glam** - an ode to the old bold makeup of the flapper era or old Hollywood. * **Naked Rocker** - Something more rock/metal on the side bordering goth. Black, grays, gunmetal shimmer, etc. * **Naked Rainbow** - an editorial palette. Maybe collaborate with Pantone and do "Naked Pantone". That would be hella cool. * **Naked Ocean** - Tropical, cool, blues, greens. Mermaid like colors. Their marketing could be displays of vibrant looks and just really emphasize that they're the brand you go to for awesome eyeshadow. I'm not super big into eyeshadow myself but I know that Naked is one of the bestsellers and if I were better at blending and stuff, I'd totally get it.
Was there a brand that did this?!
"... then I'm going to add a touch of Hitler because when I walk in a room, I want be like *biiiiiiiitch*." - J*
YSL color range. :P
I'm going to start by having the most amazing, blendable, buildable, breathable, long-lasting semi-matte, sorta luminous (natural looking) liquid foundation. I'll set the price in/around Laura Mercier, YSL, GA range so a little high-end side... but the shades start at NC25. Then send samples to all the BGs. Sit back and let the fire stoke itself. * *maniacal laughter* *
Walking around the living room in the dark with my kids' tiny rogue Legos on the floor (Legos that got missed during the "put away your Legos" request).
Vinegar with salt and pepper and a crushed fresh garlic piece. I use it as a dip for pork rinds that I make a meal sometimes (with rice). Dunno if it's just a Filipino thing but I learned it when I was living there for 8 years.
SRS - I hope my response doesn't come off too judge-y but it could be a mix of a few things like impulse (lack of self control), lifestyle inflation, and poor planning when it comes to product consumption before expiration dates. She did mention she bought things because BGs said "you need this in your life" etc. That means she's easily swayed or influenced without her really knowing if she really does need the product or not. Like I know consumerism is sort of a thing when I was living in Asia but coming back to the US, I feel like it's way more in your face. I can see with makeup (and skincare) $50 here and $100 there can eventually add up but $8k in a calendar year though on makeup alone *is* insane.
I can't remember which BG (but it could be a few of them) who have their makeup battlestations or collections shown in the background but I look at it and think "Damn, how much is that expired and how much can they realistically go through in 12-18 months?". Definitely keeping track of expiration dates and rate of product consumption helps with overspending on fun stuff like cosmetics and skincare.
I'm not sure about hospitals but when I gave birth to my two boys (5 years apart), the hospital provided Pampers diapers so we stuck with those for both kids until they got potty trained. As new parents, we were happy with our experience using it so we stuck with it.
I recently traveled to IE and bought eyeshadow palettes for each SiL so I got Marc Jacobs Eyeconic, UD Naked Heat, and TF Peach. I was hella surprised to see the palettes going for the same amount but in euros like the Naked Heat in House of Fraser over in Dundrum! The only thing I found of great savings while I was over there was LRP - Got the fluid sunscreen for 11 euros a bottle at Boots compared to $30 per bottle here in the US.
Ugh, it pains me but **Koh Gen Do** cleansing wipes. :( You used to get them at Sephora last year for $10 per pack ($30 for a 3 pack) and each pack had 10 sheets. Now they raised the single pack to $15 and the 3-pack to $43! It was *the* best makeup wipe I've ever used that left my skin feeling really babied the next morning but I found $15 a bit much. I might stock up during the Rouge sale but I don't see myself buying it again soon. For $15, I bought the Philosophy wipes and while they're not as thick, they get the job done.
Man... I have a lot but they're mostly skincare. I bought the Drunk Elephant The Littles kit to try their products. Unfortunately ended up loving every single one except Lala Retro Cream (felt too heavy). * Juju and Pekee bars - these were okay. I still buy the travel size when I do a replacement buy and I always have it packed in my gym bag. * C-Firma - the only Vit C I've used that doesn't sting or leave a sticky feeling. It absorbs so nicely and feels much milder on my face than what I was using before (OST C20 and C21.5). * Framboos (AHA) - this is the most effective AHA I've used since establishing a k-beauty skincare routine two years ago. I still follow the idea/philosophy but now it's a mix of western products alongside Korean ones (COSRX, AP, Sulwhasoo). * B-Hydra - It's a really nice hydrator that I mix with the Marula facial oil. When my skin is irritated, I mix the two and pat it on and it's instant relief. * Marula facial oil - I have no point of comparison for other facial oils but this is the first one I've tried ever and it works for me. Don't want to change it up. * Umbra Sheer - I got this as my indoor and minimal outdoor time sunscreen. XD It's so hydrating but I wasn't too big a fan of the white cast since it's a zinc oxide (physical) sunscreen. I finally found the perfect "shade" when the tinted version came out and I mix the two together! Some other DS stuff were Korean samples I got while shopping in Korea. I ended up getting the Iope Bio Essence (used like the SK-II but waaaaay cheaper), Sulwhasoo sleeping pack, and Sulwhasoo Clarifying mask. There are a bunch of other full size stuff I want to buy but they're on my wishlist until it's time to replace empties. For makeup, I'm a fan of Sephora's little sets where I get to try a smaller version of a product before trying it. Or sometimes I won't be able to consume it within a certain period so the DS is a perfect size (like the Laura Mercier Translucent Powder). Right now I have the DS of the GA Luminous Silk that I wanted to try since YSL discontinued my HG Fusion Ink. It's worked out really well for me that once that's empty, I'm definitely getting the full size.
I think I'm of the camp "splurge on makeup and less on tools". I can easily swallow the cost of a bottle of GA Luminous Silk foundation but not the cost of a Tom Ford bronzer brush for instance! If I were to spend a little more on tools (like brushes) it'd probably be if there's a sale going on. XD
The way I justify it is that it's still cheaper than what my esthetician had me on (Jan Marini C-esta serum $105 for 30ml), it sinks in better with less irritation, it feels nicer afterwards, and I get great results. I found for myself, applying it every other day or every two days works fine after I've achieved significant results; like a maintenance mode if you will so my one bottle still goes a long way. I could replace Framboos and B-Hydra easily but C-Firma, I'd be hard pressed to find a replacement for that one.
I feel I was very lucky that at such a young age, my dad didn't shy away from me playing video games. While my mom tried to push Barbies on me, my Dad encouraged me to play Super Mario and Faxanadu. As I got older, I got into every console there was and eventually into LAN games. The amount of sexism I experienced in college walking into a PC Bang-like shop to play CS, Starcraft, Red Alert, etc was astounding but being a bit tomboy-ish, I held my own. It's hard though because other gamers make you feel like you're not welcome because of your gender. I believe, as a female gamer, pro female gamers stand a better chance in the coming generation because we are more welcoming of the idea of our little ones embracing what we enjoy immensely. I don't have a daughter but I have a 7 year old who will play on my OW against AI and he plays BotW. I want him to grow up to see that it's normal to see females in a gaming space. That all are welcome to enjoy and participate. Just like how girls are getting into Marvel superheroes and we have the emergence of a strong female hero (Wonder Women), I want to see the men around us support girls in gaming because it's an exhilarating space to be in and hobby to have.
I recently [tweeted](https://twitter.com/CQ_Miya/status/951311359928557568) about my "patch testing" because I wanted to get a new moisturizer. For makeup, I definitely don't think about patch testing. I do remember one time though my galpal suggested I get this BB cream that she uses (I want to say it was Lancome) and it looked amazing on her but when I started using it, I started to get tiny CCs around my face - chin, forehead, both cheeks. At first I couldn't figure out what was causing it because my skincare stuff was all the same and then it dawned on me that the only new thing that I added was that Lancome BB! Now with makeup, I do get samples to try and color match but I never really think of the skin irritation part.
Man, it is so painful seeing cosmetic/beauty product prices in EU. :\ Have you explored Korean eyebrow products? I've actually found a few good eyebrow items that rival US ones like Benefit for instance. My mom uses the Etude House Brow Tint which is like, $5-7 vs Benefit's one that's around $22.
I'm kinda confused by the categorization of some brand names. Like I didn't think Urban Decay and Tarte were considered high-end. When I think high-end I think of like, the designer houses of Tom Ford, Marc Jacob, Burberry, Guerlain, etc. I thought UD was at the higher end of mid-range brands. For example, for the Best High-End Concealer you have Tarte Shape Tape in the same category as Cle de Peau. the CdP one is $70 IIRC. Then Tarte also taking Best High End Liquid Foundation? Best Mid-Range maybe. When I think best-selling high end I would guess GA Luminious Silk would be up there or ELDW. Burberry as an underrated high-end brand I can kinda agree with. I love their mascara (Catlashes I think) and the fluid base. I've been a fan of theirs mostly for their fragrance but I'm pleasantly surprised by the makeup products I've tried from them so far. Actually, when I reach for a mascara in my makeup kit, 9 out of 10 times I reach for the Burberry one.
Oh that makes sense! I went through the list and didn't see a single "mid-end" listing now that you mention it. I think it makes sense though to break it into three because lumping mid and high is a very big range in comparison to budget.
Los Gatos perhaps? You can get easy access to 17/880 for SJC from one side and 85/280/101 for SFO if you go the opposite direction (both go with the flow of rush hour traffic unfortunately). Santa Clara is not difficult to get to if you go Winchester Blvd to San Tomas Expwy. But there is the lovely LG Creek trail that stretches for a couple miles, downtown LG with a load of restos and bars, and the Sunday Farmers market is nice too. I like the feel lot Los Gatos (around downtown) because it feels quaint and you don't get that busy hustle and bustle feel like you do in other South Bay cities/town. Saratoga is the same but I feel there are more older people (50+?) there than younger (30s).
But my shade is translucent jellyfish sweaty what in the world am I going to use?! Srs: I have a hard time telling the first couple shades after Porcelain apart.
I really like that foundation (but the Fusion Ink was more my HG). The great thing about the Touche Eclat though is you can sheer it out and gradually build it up if you want. I found that the TE also never accentuated my dry patches. It's great for the winter!
So, I'm not super familiar with BGs - both makeup and skincare. The only one I've ever really watch with regularity is Liah Yoo. That article you linked, she's just seems to be nitpicky and critical IMO. That's just my personal take though. I tried watching a YT video of hers and I couldn't get through it. A lot of what I look for in a BG is that they have a kind/mild demeanor and I don't get that from her. Maybe she just sounded a little angry or brusque? Also wasn't Caroline the one that made it sound like she was the one who "invented" the idea of double cleansing? Yeah, when you make a claim like that when the practice has been done for a while in other parts of the world, you come off a little bit too sure of yourself (read "egotistical"). Not a fan. :P
&gt; Hourglass mineral veil primer Yes! A girlfriend of mine sent me her FS one because she needed the other version more for her mature skin. I wasn't wowed by it. It left my face feeling a little extra dry, it had a slight white cast, and it really didn't do much for my foundation.
I was at the DMV not too long and I watched as this old man struggled with the letter vision test. It made me uneasy. I guess taking away a person's DL, especially at that age could impact their QoL but at the cost of our and their safety. It sucks.
Srs lung cancer is not cool.
She's a pore jellyfish.
Uni Yakimeshi at Tanto Sunnyvale. Rice in a hot stone pot, collars of uni, seaweed strips and an egg on top. Wait for the rice to crisp or burn a little bit then mix.
Is it just me or does it help minimize PIH? Like it doesn't completely stop it from happening but I find it doesn't get as dark if I put one on.
I got my Melano CC from Amazon as well. I think it was $25 for a 2 pack. I've used both Melano and DE C-Firma. Melano feels more like a face oil but it sank in nicely for me. Didn't leave a tacky or sticky feeling afterwards. The tube is small but it lasted me a while since I only do Vit C every other day.
I made a comment some weeks ago in regards to the whole Ulta thread where the woman told her husband it was a utility and I brought up the fact that if the situations were reversed and he tricked her into thinking some video game store or hardware or car bill was a utility, he'd be demonized instead of cheered or praised.
Yeah, kinda goes with that saying "Not my monkeys, not my circus". I think criticism stems from one person's comfort level of spending and what they like spending money on being another person's "uncomfortable" thing to spend on. Like, during one dinner out with my friends, one of my (guy) friends asked me why I'd spend $1400 on a pair of designer boots. I asked him, to help deliver my answer, why he'd spend almost $3000 for mufflers for his car. Certain fashion is something I'm really into and for him, he's really into his car. He can't imagine spending more than $300 for a pair of shoes and I can't imagine spending more than $1000 for a car accessory. It's something that's relative/subjective to each and every one of us. If Jaclyn is into spending thousands upon thousands on her shoe collection, that's cool. That's her thing.
I feel like Vons has stepped up where 99 Chicken used to be. Ever since the younger couple took over 99 Chicken from the cranky old Korean guy, it hasn't been quite the same. Also, I've found that I get some questionable pickled radishes (that made me sick) from 99. :( Been going to Vons since then and haven't looked back.
Used to overbeat and overcook scrambled eggs. Like seriously hammering them in the pan until they where a rubbery, dry consistency because I thought that's how scrambled eggs were cooked. I mean, that's the kind of eggs I was subjected to as a child. Then I learned how to use low heat, butter to saute my pan, gently folding/turning the eggs, adding a touch of creme fraiche (when I have it), and seasoning it towards the end. Now my eggs are moist and fluffy.
I miss when History Channel actually showed historical stuff. I loved all their shows about Ancient Egypt. Now you can get the historical shows/documentaries from History Channel **if** you subscribe to their monthly service called History Vault. :-| Yeah, no.
I was looking into maybe getting an EV because with my upcoming new gig, my commute that used to be Cupertino to Los Gatos will become Cupertino to SF. Estimated cost per month if I drove my primary car (V8 sedan) came out to about $1300. :( Did your tax breaks (both state and Federal) make a difference in your costs? I would greatly appreciate your input!
Thank you for your input! Yeah I was pretty surprised at how the prices for the EVs were so far spread out from a Nissan Leaf all the way to a Tesla Model 3. My car is paid off/for. $1300 was calculated with total commute miles (51 mi each way), fuel cost, avg mpg (S-mode 12-13mpg, C-mode 15-17mpg), and parking in SF. I'm still calculating a bunch of options like buying/leasing an EV as well as CalTrain to compare costs. A lot will depend also what my car driving needs are for that day.
Yeah, AKA Sunnyvale I believe sells them. I had purchased a 10 session punchcard from them for my hubby's birthday and they mentioned they also sold the gi if he didn't already have one.
I'm a casual user when it comes to makeup and I tend to lean more towards natural and neutral. I feel as someone who is not comfortable (or as skilled) using MR, I could see myself getting this palette. It actually looks like a competitor for the new NARS Wanted one with all the pinks and shimmers.
I would consider myself a beginner/newb when it comes to eyeshadow but also my preference leans heavily towards natural and neutral. I don't own MR so I could maybe see myself getting Soft Glam (for neutral or pink looks) but it'd be a toss up between that and NARS Wanted. I think they have pretty much the same shades except NARS doesn't have the black one.
I thought it was kinda similar (in color selection) to NARS Wanted and that one came out some months back (some time last year I think).
I read some people put scotch guard on their ABH cover to keep it clean.
Now that you mention that, I'll have to remember to swatch the Wanted palette in store! With the announcement of the Soft Glow, it's made the NARS Wanted more attractive to me. XD
I agree with you. They could have waited another maybe 2-3 weeks and then announced the shade expansion and not get the backlash that they got earlier. I suppose now they know how people feel about shade diversity.
Srs I would be one of those people that you mention because I'm a bit of a beginner and MR is too bold for my use and style. Only thing that puts me off is that solo black color. I think I would prefer NARS wanted over this palette because NARS has a softer dark color for adding depth or shade. Non-srs This Daft Clam pallet is aaaaamazing! I will not look pore wearing this.
Srs I'm Asian. Lived in SEA for 8 years but never once had geoduck. By the looks of it, does it have a octopus-like consistency? Would it be tougher than say littleneck/manila clams?
Srs I wish I knew why! I recall a long time ago a MUA at the Laura Mercier counter used one (Not sure it eyeshadow or some powder to gel/liquid) as an eyeliner with a very stiff flat brush. That never stuck to me as a method because I'm not that good with a brush but I do better with a pen eyeliner. Maybe I'll make use of my perks at Sephora and take up some makeup classes so I can be edumacated.
Srs Interesting! I will have to get over the way they look before they're cooked but I think I'll give it a try at least once. XD
Irish too I think. When I hear my husband talking to his friends he'll sometimes refer to them as "lippy fucks". :P I guess that means they talk to much in the sense they let things slip that they shouldn't? IDK.
What's her reasoning behind not putting the smaller bowl that fits *into* the big bowl?
I lived in Southeast Asia for 8 years and having to do grocery shopping, particularly for skincare/bodycare, it was difficult to find products that didn't have a whitening component to it. Being white/pale in the Philippines is such a huge thing it's insane. I had cousins taking some gluta-something supplements because they couldn't afford the injection kind. Apparently to be whiter it means you're prettier and more *sosyal* (social, like a higher class). I found it really weird, for the lack of a better term. Heck, I have cousins who don't like leaving their air-conditioned room because they feel the AC helps them get whiter. I guess in part that's true because you don't expose yourself to the sun but still.
So you're saying the palettes became even more creamy? *Edit:* English is hard.
I love the look (and patina) of a well loved LV bag!
Also given the clasp, it's a bag charm, not a keychain.
My face today: * **Dr. Jart+ Every Sun Day UV Sunscreen** - This is my sunscreen + color corrector. It's SPF50 and does a bang on job of evening my skintone and minimizing the redness. * **YSL Touche Eclat Le Cushion (B40)** I love cushions and when YSL came out with this one in the US, I had to get it. The formula is based off the Touche Eclat Radiance Awakening formula and it has a satin-y finish to it. I used this today because of it's convenient form factor since I was getting ready and putting my war face on at the gym after working out and showering. I would not use this for every day use since the refills are the worst bang for your buck. Very lovely though for on-to go though! * **Giorgio Armani Master Corrector (#2 - Orange)** - I was using the YSL Neutralizer (Apricot) until it gave me death squirts. I opted to try something new and I'm so glad I did! This is $40 for .14oz while the YSL is $38 for .08oz! With the GA corrector, it's more full coverage and I don't have to use a lot to get my dark circles. I find I actually use less of the GA than of the YSL when I need color correcting. Bottle is hella tiny but you only really need a few teeny dabs to get enough (too much and it'll settle into lines). This is my new fave dark circle color corrector! * **Nars Radiant Creamy Concealer (Custard)** - Got the DS size at Sephora to try. I'm really digging it and I use it to spot conceal before I patted on the YSL cushion foundation. * **[Clio Tinted Tattoo Kill Brow (3 - Dark Brown)](https://clubcliousa.com/clio-tinted-tattoo-kill-brow.html)** - this is an AB (Asian Beauty) product I got from Korea. It's a dual end brow pen and brow-cara product which is waterproof. While I have ABH Brow Dip, I find these pen versions are easier for me to use because it's quicker for me to apply and it's harder for me to go overboard. * **Bite High Pigment Lip Pencil (Rhubarb)** - Very creamy and one of my fave lip products. I just put it in the center of my lips and spread it with my finger. * **Chantecaille Faux Cils Longest Lash Mascara** - My lashes are straight and heavy so when Le Metier de Beaute discontinued my fave mascara that could keep my lashes up, I wanted to splurge on this one (got with a NM $50 off $200 purchase). I'm so glad I did because it holds up the same if not better. It never clumps on me and it makes my lashes look smooth. I own only two mascaras - this and the Burberry Catlashes. * **NARS Wanted Eyeshadow Palette** - I didn't do the eye look myself. I went into Sephora to buy a replacement moisturizer and wanted to get a new "work" palette. With the announcement of ABH Soft Glam and that it's the MR formula, I finally decided to get the Wanted one that's been on my wishlist since I don't own a neutral palette. I asked the Sephora SA to show me how to do an "office" look and the way it felt and blended was lovely! I swatched the ABH MR in store and I felt a lot of color would fall out and it's not so beginner friendly for my skill level. I'm hella comfy with NARS Wanted so I'm happy with my purchase.
I have the YSL Touche Eclat concealer, both the regular and color corrector. I don't like the color corrector so much now that I bought the Giorgio Armani corrector but the concealer I like because it has the highlighting part to it. If your area around your eyes are naturally dark, you may want to correct the color first then player the Touche Eclat. You won't need a whole lot either because using too much, it will settle into fine lines. I would recommend it if you want a concealer with a brightening effect. I much prefer it over using my Nars Radiant Creamy or KVD Lock It concealer in that area.
I'm going through makeuprehab and my rule for purchasing something is that if it's new, it should replace something old. So my DE B-Hydra is on its death squirts so I got the Protini to replace it. It's thicker than the B-Hydra but lighter than Lala. I would have to say, Protini does more for me than B-Hydra and I can still mix it with the Marula oil. If anything, ask a small sample from a Sephora SA. I asked for a little jar and was able to patch test it.
I have the YSL Touche Eclat Blur Primer - I think it's overpriced for what it is and I won't be repurchasing it. I've found better and more comfy primer in Innsifree No Sebum Blur Primer (it's like Benefit Porefessional) but one tube is big and only $7-9.
So YSL discontinued my HG foundation (Fusion Ink) so I tried a sample of All Hours. I'm not a fan. :( It felt way more matte and I don't like full coverage. I did sheer it out a bit but it still wasn't the look that FI could give me. I switched to GA Luminous Silk and have been loving it so far. I'm curious about the AiO Glow Tinted Moisturizer though - I've really liked the YSL foundations I've owned such as Touche Eclat Radiance Awakening, Le Cushion Encre de Peau, and Touche Eclat Le Cushion.
**Wishlist item:** *(skincare)* AmorePacific Essential Creme Fluid - I still have a a full size AP fluid I'm working through that I got from my trip to KR but I really want to try this new one. I'll be good, like I have been for the rest of my skincare replacement buys, and I'll wait until I have an empty. It just feels so nice and light compared to the full on creams I've tried and I'm a total sucker for green tea as an ingredient. **What I'm not buying:** *(makeup)* ABH Soft Glow - It's cool that ABH is coming out with a neutral palette but with the recent announcement/leak it was the push I needed to just get the NARS Wanted palette. XD Now that I have it, I feel like my color collection (both Laura Mercier palettes) for eye shadow is complete for the kind of looks I like wearing - neutral pinks and purples.
My brother is in the Navy and at some point got assigned to a submarine. During his first or second underway he told me how one of his shipmates stuck his head in the kitchen oven to try and kill himself. He said it was scary to see someone his age (early 20s) come undone like that.
Shape Tape is the concealer I'd use if I was going for a ballsack texture/look. Hated it so much.
For me it was a KVD Tattoo Liner eyeliner pen. Pro is that it's longlasting. Con is that it's longlasting so when I make a mistake I either scrub the heck out of it with a strong eye makeup remover, or make the line thicker (to compensate). Also, maybe it's the one I got, the product didn't come out of the pen very smoothly. It would kind of skip/stutter and so I'd have to give up and grab my YSL pen eyeliner or my trusty Lancome Artliner.
I don't have a big makeup collection and all my makeup fits in one CosmoCube. This is how I limit my purchases and control my stash/inventory! That being said, since I have a small storage space and I tend to lean towards minimal, natural, low-effort looks, I splurge on a few key items: **Foundations:** * *YSL Fusion Ink* - This is my HG foundation. Unfortunately it's now discontinued and replaced with All Hours. :( What I loved about Fusion Ink was that it wasn't full coverage; I'm just not a full coverage and matte kind of girl. For day to day I tend to use foundations that give me a natural dewy/radiant look. For me the price was totally worth the product because you didn't need a whole lot to get coverage. I really digged the "ink" feel to it. I brought this foundation with me on my trip to KR during one of the hottest summers there and it held up like a motherfucking champ. * *GA Luminous Silk* - Since they discontinued my HG foundation, I decided to get a DS of this to try it. I actually really love it. It's not full coverage and it has that radiant/dewy finish that I love in foundations. It also doesn't break down on me and it sits well on my skin all day. * *GA Luminous Silk Powder Foundation* - I can't even say it gives you coverage. I find it evens out my skintone a little better if I wear it alone and it gives me a very natural, bare look. I've been using it as a finishing powder when I use the liquid foundation and it's a great combo. It's so fine that I think it's very hard to cake on and it leaves my makeup looking smooth. Yesterday for my job interview I did J.One Jelly Pack + GA LS + GA LS Powder and my makeup was pristine throughout the day even through the evening out of dinner and drinks with my friends. * *Amorepacific Foundation Cushions* - Again, I'm a total sucker for dewy and so it makes sense that a Korean skincare/beauty company would be the pros in creating a dewy AF foundation. For a minimal and very dewy look I love using Color Control (available in Sephora, NM, and Nordstrom) or for a more satin finish and more coverage I use the Age Correcting one. * *YSL Cushions* - There's Encre de Peau (based off the Fusion Ink formula) and Touche Eclat Le Cushion (based on Touche Eclat Radiance formula). The former is available so far in EU and Asia and the latter is a US release. Dollar-wise they are not cost efficient means of foundations but they are super convenient. If I'm taking a short trip somewhere I don't bother bringing my liquid foundation, I bring a cushion. **Mascaras:** * *Burberry Cat Lashes* - I have lashes that refuse to stay curled. This mascara does a good job of giving me volume without weighing my lashes down. * *Chantecaille Faux Cils Longest Lash Mascara* - NM has this $50 off $200 special that runs every so often and on rare occasions, they include Beauty. I decided to splurge and snag this during that sales event and I kind of regret it only because it's so awesome. The way I curl my lashes and then apply this, my lashes stay that way and it doesn't clump at all. It doesn't flake or smear after a day's wear. Or maybe I'm a little excited and convinced it works like heaven because of the price tag. XD Once i go empty on this one, I will be repurchasing but hopefully that Beauty offer sale comes around by then. **Concealers, Color Corrector:** * *YSL Touche Eclat Neutralizer (Apricot)* - I have light/med skin tone with hereditary dark circles. I like how smooth this applies, how little product I need, and how it neutralizes my dark circles more than just bare concealer. I did not repurchase this when it went empty for the sake of wanting to try a new/different color corrector. * *GA Master Corrector (#2 Orange)* - This is way more pigmented and full coverage than the YSL one! I was kinda disappointed at the size but when I saw how little I needed to cover my dark circles, I was impressed. That little tube will last me just as long as the YSL if not longer.
I really wanted to get this palette because I've seen all the beautiful looks people have made with it coupled with the numerous suggestions that it's a great "beginner's" palette. I went into Sephora swatched it, and tried to blend it on the back of my hand. With my newbie skills, it didn't look that good. :( I ended up getting the NARS Wanted palette and I find that it's a lot easier to use and the colors, being more neutral, suit my day-to-day preference more.
I tried the same Missha one too! I ended up going back to ANR because the Missha ampoule did nothing noticeable for me. :( I use my ANR every other night to stretch it out.
I feel you - the regular cream was too heavy for me so I started using the Light Cream. When I ran out of that and since it can't be purchased in the US, I started using the Ceramidin Gel-Cream which has a more watery texture and feel but it also had a nicer effect on my skin. It was cooling/soothing when my skin was irritated, very hydrating, and overall felt nicer than the Light Cream! The new serum would be closer to the light cream but it's pricey for the amount you get. T_T If you can get a sample (via Sephora in-store) I recommend trying the Gel-Cream. A little goes a long way but you still get that ceramide goodness.
Oh the gel cream is hella more soothing - it has both aloe and licorice root extract. I found the brightening was a bonus and it actually helped me with PIH from hormonal acne. I found the serum to be kind of underwhelming. I'd say stick with the liquid if you already use that. I won't be repurchasing the serum but I will repurchase the liquid.
I'm 36 and my skin has gone from oily to normal/dehydrated in the past couple years. I did a few things to "combat" my makeup from looking dry and patchy. Again this is just my personal journey with aging and foundation use: * **Better skincare routine.** I used to get away with cleanser + one moisturizer but now my skin wants more hydration and better moisturization. It's noticeable when I don't keep my skin hydrated/moisturized when I look around my mouth area and the skin is drier and shows the fine lines. Using anti-aging stuff like ANR is nice but not a total must have. Just keeping my skin hydrated keeps it looking good. I noticed with having a complete skincare routine, I get a natural radiance which makes my makeup look even better! * **More hydrating foundations.** I found that total mattifying foundations started looking bad on me. They left my face looking flat and it accentuated my pores and fine lines. I started using foundations that felt more hydrating (YSL Touche Eclat Radiance or GA Luminous Silk for example) and sheerer more watery foundations (YSL Fusion Ink, HG). These foundations held up and looked good for me throughout the day. * **Not overdoing concealer/powder.** I love watching YT beauty tutorials but one thing I found that doesn't work for me is those HUGE triangles of concealer they do under their eyes. That and "baking". I end up looking so cakey you might as well toss sprinkles on me. I found that applying dots was sufficient and they didn't end up being fed into my lines.
I was going to comment "God damn that is an expensive ass curler" but after seeing that the barrel turns, that's a big selling point (for me at least)! Are you having a hard time twirling your hair in the curler? Does it not get hot enough? I'll tell you, those Drybar ones get super hot! I had my hair done for an event in LA so I decided to go to Drybar. My one regret was that I didn't tell the stylist that it was too hot because it ended up frizzing my hair quite a bit. I would still possibly consider the iron you linked that, it looks like a good one. Personally I have a wand (T3 with interchangeable barrels). With my currently shorter than usual hair, right below the shoulder, I use the 1" barrel. When my hair was to my mid-lower back, I used the bigger barrel. It really goes towards your preference how wide you want the curls. I found I actually like the bigger barrel because the curls look more relaxed and natural.
I don't see the price for DE Protini listed. :/
I wasn't going to comment on this thread but I agree with you. When I first came to the Bay Area straight out of college (2003), I hit the bubble bust. I found a job that paid me $20k/year after taxes, rented a room in a house ($500/mo) and worked my way up from Customer Service Rep to a Jr. Marketing position. It wasn't overnight and it wasn't on anyone else to "raise" my life. I wanted so much to have my own apartment and feel like a real adult but that didn't come until 2008 when I landed a job that paid me 6 figures. There's wanting a certain lifestyle and working towards it not holding anyone else liable for my own decisions. She could have survived here if she made compromises but in essence she felt she deserved/entitled to certain lifestyle liberties that her salary couldn't afford her. I kinda don't feel bad for her. I do feel bad that a tech company such as Yelp rates pay for CS that low in a CoL area like SF, something is to be said about that.
Hrmm... I usually get my Crispy Pata from Seafood City in Milpitas. That location is cleaner than the Berryessa one. I bring it home and pop it in the oven. I recommend pairing it with a *sarsa* (a sweet, tangy liver-based sauce). There's a Grill City inside Seafood City, you can ask if you can buy some of theirs or buy some from Goldilocks. The bottled kind is just way too weighed down in sugar and hardly tastes like the sarsa it should be.
Tapsilog is good (and one of the better if not best resto Flip places I've gone to) but they don't use ox tail in their kare-kare. T_T
Finding a Flip place that serves the ox tail style is few in-between. I just checked and the place I used to go to (Peninsula side) closed down. :( As others have said, Tapsilog has it kare-kare but it isn't the oxtail style you're looking for. If you're willing to venture it, [you can try making it at home](https://imgur.com/a/vkdYC). The only thing that takes the longest is prepping the meat (few hours depending how long it takes for it to get fork tender) but then once that's ready, saute to cooked is about 15-20 mins. *Home cook note:* I would recommend Tentay Patis (fish sauce) because I find most Viet fish sauces don't mesh well with the flavors. (Edit #2) - If you can't find Chinese Long Beans, regular green beans will do too. If it's available to you, the fresh peanut butter machine like at Whole Foods is the best! If not, any creamy pb will do. Also Kare-kare traditionally has tripe but since I don't eat it, I leave it out!
I just choked on my coffee seeing that price tag for eyeshadow. Holy Hell! I was semi-gnashing my teeth when I paid some $52-54 for the NARS Wanted palette and that's a palette I'd use every color on a regular routine. D:
I think it's a matter of preference. Some people like the tender and gelatinous bite of ox tail and some people like slices of beef (best with a bit of fat). Personally I love the oxtail version because it's what I grew up with and I love picking up the bone and eating with my hands. It's a savory dish and the peanut butter taste shouldn't be overwhelming.
My immigrant mother would beat me with a wooden spoon or *tsinelas* if she saw me making it like that. Haha! Part of the reason I don't want to instant/one pot it is because I don't want the long beans and eggplants to disintegrate. I'll have to check out the Instant Pot though, there may be other Flip recipes that are better suited for it - Adobo, Asado, and Caldereta.
I bought this when I emptied my B-Hydra (Replacement buy only) and I'm totally in love with it. I'd mix two pumps of B-Hydra and two drops of the DE Marula Oil but now I mix half a pump of Protini + 2 drops Marula. It's a touch heavier than B-Hydra but much lighter (for me) than Lala. I do think it overreaches its claims of firming and what not but my skin does feel softer, it looks and feels better hydrated, and the moisturizer stays on longer. Like I find my skin doesn't get as dry than when I was just using the B-Hydra. It also just sinks in better than Lala for me. I definitely won't be repurchasing Lala but maybe around the summer I might turn back to B-Hydra and use Protini at night only. I love also how it soothes my skin when it feels irritated. It's helped calm down what redness I have and I'm also digging that.
I see. Thanks for letting me know!
Sweaty the right term is **chocolate starfish** mkay?! Srs ugh I missed the circus. That thread will be my bedtime reading.
When I was shopping for a new car, I was in a toss up between brand new and a 2 year old Certified Pre-owned. I ended up getting the CPO one because it was cheaper than a brand new one and had more features and comfort. I don't regret getting it (and it's almost paid off). Might want to consider looking into a very well maintained used too. In regards to your wishlist, maybe treat yourself to one thing after you've done the adulting stuff. It definitely is not fun bring a responsible adult but in the end, the outcome and results of that is rewarding.
Awwww... She's had a long and purposeful life. :( I have a friend whose Civic went RIP too and it was the first car she had. As for Hyundai, I really dig them! They're more reliable than Jeep/Chevy/Dodge/Ford IMO and they are cheaper to maintain. I hope it all smooths out for you soon!
OMG yes! I can't remember which youtuber it was but she was reviewing a Korean cushion foundation and instead of using the included rubycell puff meant to push into the cushion and do a patting motion to set on the face, she took a kabuki brush instead. Then she complained about the finish/look. **Well that's because no one in Korea uses a brush with a cushion foundation that's why!!!** *(internal k-beauty monster screams)*
I get the sparse filled in brows but the total thick drawn in brows kind of freak me out. Haha! Just for myself, it makes me feel uncomfortable just because I'm not used to having them. I found a happy medium in not doing them so heavy. As for matte foundations, I totally agree with you! For me I think the case is that I'm getting older (skin getting more mature) so radiant, dewy, luminous foundations help me look and feel younger.
The tail is what makes it traditional. :P It's like trying to make *kkori gomtang* (Korean ox tail soup) without the ox tail. Most restos tend to not use ox tail because it's more expensive per pound cause of the bone so they use slices of different beef cuts.
I'm going to try and find that YT video later that I was talking about. Not only did she criticize the finish because it came out streaky/uneven, she also discredited Korean cushions as a whole when the cushion she was testing and reviewing was a roadshop brand (Etude House I believe). Not all cushions, like foundation, are created equally. Especially when the price points range anywhere from $15 to $80. It's like me saying Acura is shit if I test drove a Honda.
What I'm **not** going to buy: * *Foundations.* Some new foundations came out from Dior and GA that I'd like to try but I am currently working through my stash so that I finish what I actually buy. I currently have a few cushions in rotation - two YSL ones and three AmorePacific. I also have a DS bottle of GA LS and less than half of my HG YSL Fusion Ink left. Perhaps when I knock out one more AP cushion, one more YSL, and finish the YSL FI, I might spring for a new foundation. /r/makeuprehab has really helped me a lot in curbing the impulse bug that it makes my "new" purchases exciting and guilt-free. * *Eyeshadow palettes.* I recently purchased the NARS Wanted palette because I've been wanting a neutral/natural palette for forever and a day now. I am so happy with this palette and my two other ones (Laura Mercier) that I won't be buying a new or different palette any time soon. I expect I won't buy one for the year! * *Lipsticks, liquid lip products.* I subscribed to Sephora Play last year and I finally put [all the lip DS together to find that it fills 1/3 of a tray in my CosmoCube](https://imgur.com/Ee45ltt)! There are also some DS from free gift promos with Sephora or from GWP from Nordstrom and NM. I could live off these DS for the whole year which I intend on doing. **Wishlist:** A couple $12-20 Hakuhodo brushes (total &lt;$100) for eyeshadow looks. Right now I'm using three brushes (ponytail, flat, and crease) and they're older than my oldest kid who is 7 years old. lol If I land this new gig I'm chasing, I'm treating myself to those brushes.
Just a really good skincare base. So it doesn't matter if I decide to go liquid or powder, if I keep up with my skincare, my makeup always looks better. There are some low days that I neglect my skin (usually days when depression really knocks me on my ass) and when I go to use makeup it just looks bad in comparison. If we're talking about "extra" with a product, I'd have to say Tatcha Dewy mist. XD I love dewy looks and this makes it more so the more sprays I unload on my face.
This brand isn't a 100% miss for me but out of so many of the products I've tried only three things stick out for me - their cleansing oil, dewy mist and blotting sheets. Everything else was not worth the price when I had other products that performed better (like Shark Sauce over their Brightening Serum).
A Korean brand called **Hera**. It's upper-mid / low-high tier in skincare that it's sold in department stores. I would have to say it sits below AmorePacific (which is their parent company) but higher than Iope. Their skincare FTE Hera Cell Essence (supposed to be used like SK-II Essence) was a total bust for me and I bought the 225ml LE that I powered through using. It didn't break me out but it didn't do anything special like it claimed (brightening). Also their cushions, it would apply nicely and last a good hour or two before it started to break down. The Hyaluronic Acid ampoule was grossly sticky and didn't sink in. Everything that I have tried from that brand has not worked for me. :-|
I have the [YSL Touche Eclat Cushion Foundation](https://www.yslbeautyus.com/makeup/face-makeup/foundation/touche-eclat-cushion-foundation/893YSL.html?cgid=makeup-foundation&amp;dwvar_893YSL_color=B20) that I purchased at Nordstrom and the [YSL Le Cushion Encre de Peau](https://www.sephora.com/product/le-cushion-encre-de-peau-fusion-ink-cushion-foundation-P412152?keyword=ysl%20ink%20cushion%20foundation&amp;country_switch=ca) that I asked my husband to get on one of his work trips to Singapore. The Touche Eclat is based off the Touche Eclat Radiance foundation while the Encre de Peau is based off the Fusion Ink foundation. However, the EdP has more coverage than the Touche Eclat but leaves a satin finish. The Touche Eclat cushion has a radiant finish (but not as radiant/dewy like AP CC). I would highly recommend a cushion foundation for on to go or short trips. I remember bringing one cushion refill with me on vacation in EU and it lasted a little over 3 weeks with daily use + touch ups.
**Amorepacific:** It was difficult to choose for this brand when it came to their makeup but I'm going with the *Color Control Cushion*. It evens out skintone, leaves my skin feeling moist, great for no makeup/natural look, it's dewy, and so convenient to bring on my trips than a bottle of foundation. #204 is my match to my NC25ish skin and it looks amaaaaazing in the summer on a lazy day out. For $60 you get the cushion + one refill which is good value in comparison to Dior and YSL cushions.
Thanks for the reply! Sorry for the delay, went out with friends and came home late. XD I have [a few things](https://imgur.com/7K3ucm9) that that brand new / never used. Take your pick of 2-3 of em! I'm still trying to find some other samples I know I have (like Good Genes) but maybe my mom took those. Will update the pic if I can find it.
Yes, I take tweezers and flip it but IIRC, I didn't flip the one I had on my trip (I didn't have tweezers with me). If you can find it on special I think it's worth trying at least once. I find that my cushions don't dry out really when I haven't used it in a while. Just keep them stored flat.
Oh heck yeah. I was using **Amorepacific Treatment Cleansing Foam** ($50 for 120ml) for a good while because it was "nice" and I love the smell and feel. Then I was in Target to grab some period supplies when I passed by the LRP shelf. I saw a big ass 400ml bottle of the Hydrating Cleanser for $15 and decided to try it. And - oh my God, it felt amazing after I rinsed my face. My face felt just as clean when I use the AP but it felt soft to the touch because it was so much more hydrating. Never buying the AP cleanser again (but I do love other stuff from them).
Hella ironic for someone who asks for feedback to lock the one post she made about stepping down. It read kind of like a red pill version of a beauty-post "I did so much for you guys but you still talk shit to/about me". I think it's difficult to navigate a sub like that because it's more person focus than product and when you dissect what a person says, now you get ideals and political views involved which is always very volatile in a public space!
Sure! PM me your info and I'll try and hit up the post office tomorrow. I have documents to mail out as well. Cheers!
*That $1k humblebrag.* Now that I got that comment out of my system here's my take: * Car maintenance fund should be separate from fun money IMO and it really shouldn't be from emergency either (unless something sudden happens). But scheduled stuff like oil change, new tires, and services should be budgeted/forecasted for. It makes tracking car expenses a lot easier when you lump it with everything car related (fuel, maintenance, insurance, etc). * What do you like to do besides drinking? [Eventbrite](https://www.eventbrite.com/d/ca--san-francisco/free--events/?place_id=85922583) has a section where you can browse free events which span professional to music. * Enjoy the great outdoors. It's free to go to the beach, take a fun drive along Skyline Blvd. The Bay Area is as expensive as you make it to be. "Reasonable" is also subjective - as long as you're meeting all your adult financial obligations (rent/mortgage, bills, savings, investment, etc) anything after that which you are comfortable and guilt-free spending is fair game. Reasonable to me, for regular fun, is $300/mo - that's only for going out with friends once a week for dinner and drinks (incl. tip).
Screw them and their high horse. You're meeting your credit card obligation first and that's what matters. Don't have to justify anything to that person. :P
I'm in your boat with the job interview aspect. Hang in there! It's not easy especially since it's something you sound genuinely excited about. Have you ever looked into mindfulness based stress reduction exercises/activities? Something that will calm you and give you a momentary inner peace moment. It can be something like taking a bath with soft music in the background, meditation, even putting a sheet mask on and listening to some music. As for the friendguy flirting thing, been there too in my younger days. Haha! I eventually learned the flirting was something my guy friend expected and when I stopped (because he wasn't reciprocating as I'd hope), he came looking for it but at the same time being non-committal. Texting-flirting was like the kiddie equivalent of chasing a boy who you hope chases you back. I got tired of it and moved on because I believe I shouldn't have to waste my efforts and energy on a person who doesn't want to expend energy on me.
Haha! No problem. It's alright. It's hard to exude a tone in text in which I meant to just take the piss out of you. :P For the professional stuff, definitely see if anything sparks your interests. There are some fun mixers and networking gatherings from time to time. I'm a Mercedes enthusiast so I found an event that I managed to go to for free at Mercedes R&amp;D about autonomous driving and it was fun to go to. Actually I think I found that event through FB that they then made me register for on Eventbrite. For the movies thing, I don't know where you live but during Spring/Summer some parks in certain towns do movie on a park lawn. For food, check out the online Bay Area news site or Eater SF. There are some gems of cheap good food around the Bay Area that won't break the bank and can be it's own little adventure to go to. In regards to the beach, temps aren't going to be that great for most beaches right now. I'd wait until late Spring as the temp goes up to explore beaches along maybe HMB, SF, or even down to Capitola and/or Santa Cruz.
Oh God. I worked at a blue box white ribbon luxury retail one Holiday for shits and giggles and one morning this girl walks in with a platinum setting with no center stone. She said the stone fell out and she couldn't find it and she came to the store because our company guarantees the diamond solitaire. The lead Customer Service guy's face, you could see the realization dawning on him on where this conversation was going to go but he stayed composed. The customer *insisted* that the store replace the lost diamond because of the "guarantee". The CS guy had to calmly explain to her that the guarantee is merely a guarantee that the stone in her ring is a high grade diamond, not a warranty if something happens to it. She could not make the distinction between the two and continued to have a shit fit in our store. Eventually he signaled for me to get the head of ops to intervene so being the good seasonal peon, I went to the ops guy and let him know the situation. Yeah, she left the store pissed AF and saying she'd boycott the brand. I never returned when they called me to come back the next Holiday season. Dealed with way too much shit from customers to internal sales team drama. I saw a year or two later, that Ops guy quit and pursued his passion of doing outdoorsy stuff and work for a Parks &amp; Rec. He's a lot happier now (and so is everyone who moved on from that retail store who have left).
No it was someone younger than Tati. I'm trying to think of what cushion it was that I was researching and that YT video popped up in my search results.
La Roche-Posay, a French brand. I bought the [Hydrating Gentle Cleanser](https://www.laroche-posay.us/toleriane-hydrating-gentle-cleanser-3337875545778.html?cgid=face-wash#start=12) from their Toleriane line at Target.
It was the [LRP Toleraine Hydrating Gentle Cleanser](https://www.laroche-posay.us/toleriane-hydrating-gentle-cleanser-3337875545778.html?cgid=face-wash#start=12). Such good value and it did so much for my dehydrated skin.
This definitely addressed dryness after rinsing as the cleanser itself is a lotion-y texture. For the little redness that I have, this also kind of helps paired with the thermal water spray (cheaper than the Evian spray I'd get at Nordstrom).
This is really insensitive to POC (People of Cheddar) you pore.
I lived in a third world country where kidnapping and carnapping was rampant so it became second nature to lock the car before even putting on a seatbelt. Moving back to the US, I still have that habit and lock the doors before pulling out of the garage (though my latest car does it for me when it goes over 10-15mph). O_O
*(Note: Combo/Dehydrated skin type, mild redness, mild sensitivity)* I waited until I ran out of B-Hydra before purchasing the full size. I've also used the Lala Retro one as well. Protini falls right in the middle between B-Hydra and Lala. Lala for me was too heavy but I found Protini was that happy medium. It's the gel-cream texture that I love like B-Hydra or Dr. Jart+ Ceramidin Gel-Cream. It has a stiffer watery texture when you first pump it and doesn't sink in as quick as B-Hydra but it feels more moisturizing while B-Hydra feels more hydrating. It is lighter however than Lancome The Water-Infused Cream. I use actually half a pump + 2-3 drops of DE marula oil for my whole face. In my skincare routine, it is the last step before sunscreen (AM) or sleeping pack (PM). For myself, I think I can see this as being a year round product and not just a winter one.
Sounds like you've tried a lot of chemical sunscreens. Have you tried any physical ones (ones that use zinc oxide)?
From Protini, no. YMMV (your mileage may vary) though. The only products I've used that have caused clogged pores for me is SK-II essence and the Missha ampoule that's supposed to be a dupe for EL ANR. I was betting Lala would give me clogged pores because of how it made my skin feel like it was choking but all it did was leave my face feeling greasy/oily AF. Protini leaves a plump feeling.
I've never tried HL but now I'm curious and might get a bottle because apparently, my skin is thirsty and loves hyaluronic acid in a more watery/lotion form than ampoule (I'm looking at you Hera HA ampoule). As for the Belif masks, I tried the Transformation one. It's a weird one because I bought it cause it said it was a peel off mask which is one of my favorite kind of mask but you peel it off by adding water to your face so it's a semi-rinse off. it was kind of okay but I wouldn't buy it again since I have other masks I prefer like Sulwhasoo's Clarifying Mask.
I travel quite a bit for work and since it's customer/partner facing, I have to have a war face on. For my travel kit I follow the following: * **Keep it to bare necessities.** I don't need to bring everything. One foundation, one primer, one blush, one finishing powder, one highlighter, one eyeshadow palette, one mascara, one eyeliner, etc. XD The only thing I don't have one item of is lip product - I'll have maybe 2 or 3 different colors. * **Travel sizes are my friends.** I love having travel size versions of my favorite products when possible for both skincare and makeup. Being a Sephora Play subscriber, deluxe samples really have a big part in my travel make up kit. Cushion foundations also play a big role in my base makeup and is one of my favorite products for both performance and convenience. Nothing sucked more than packing and having to lug around a FS of YSL Touche Eclat when now I can just bring my YSL cushion. * **Evaluate plans and pick products accordingly.** Am I going to an after party after meetings? Is the weather going to be biting cold? Is it going to be melting hot? Based off of that, I'll pick and choose products I know work for certain situations and climates. It really helps cut down on what I need to bring. My current kit consists of: * Primer: Smashbox Photo Finish Primer (15ml size) * Foundation: YSL Touche Eclat Cushion or mini GA Luminous Silk (18ml) or YSL le Cushion Encre de Peau * Color Corrector: GA Master Corrector * Concealer: DS Nars Radiant Creamy Concealer * Blush: DS Nars Orgasm or DS Tarte Amazonian Clay 12-hour blush * Setting/Finishing Powder: GA Luminous Silk * Highlighter: travel size Hourglass Strobe Lighting (Euphoric) * Eyeshadow Palette: NARS Wanted * Eyeliner: YSL Eyeliner Effect Faux Cils Shocking * Eyelash curler: Shu Uemura eyelash curler * Mascara: Burberry Cat Lashes * Brow: ABH Brow Wiz or AB dual end brow pen (like Innisfree) * Lips: Bite Amuse Bouche Liquified Lip - Whip, Chutney, &amp; Puree * Brushes: Retractable Hourglass brushes x2, eyeshadow brushes x3, blush brush, eyebrow spoolie. All of this fits in an ole GWP Lancome pouch that can lay flat in my bag.
Do not do the Mr. Clean Magic Eraser! It'll eat through the finish of the leather. D: Can you take a pic of the stain? I'm having a hard time visualizing what the stain looks like on that leather. I've had very good luck removing stains from my Damier Azur with baby wipes (Pampers Sensitive) then conditioning it with the leather cleaner from Cole Haan.
For me it has be Dr. Jart+ Ceramidin Liquid and Gel-Cream. I've had the rare occasion of getting overzealous with the acids and ended up compromising my barrier to where anything I put made it hurt. :( In comes the DJ+ Ceramidin Liquid and Gel-Cream and both helped in rebuilding my damaged barrier. For the Gel-Cream, it had a cooling and soothing component (has Aloe Vera and Licorice Root Extract) . Both are not too heavy either for my combo/dehydrated skin. Also from time to time I'll get really angry hormonal acne so the Gel-Cream adds much needed relief.
The fragrance goes away eventually! Tatcha I feel just makes for a nice finishing dewy spray and that's about it. :\ One that I've been loving so far, and it's great for my skin when it's sensitive, is the **La Roche-Posay Thermal Spring Water**. The 5.2oz bottle is $15 at Target and feels hydrating after cleansing and patting your skin dry.
Love it and I use it 2-3x a week since I have other skin issues I want to address (like redness or PIH). I tried Missha ampoule because people claim it was a dupe but it's not. :\ Not for me at least. If I could keep only one high-end skincare product in my collection, it'd be EL ANR.
Srs I effing love salt bae. lol
It is. Since I discovered it last year I've gone through maybe 5 of them. It's a staple for me for AM and PM routine all year round. If you're near a Sephora, you can ask for a sample to patch test it! The little jar they give you will last you a few days.
For me (combo/dehydrated) it's the last step in my routine before sunscreen (AM) and before my sleeping pack (PM). Sometimes I'll skip the sleeping pack during the summer because the Gel-Cream has an occlusive feel to it that's perfect for the warmer weather.
I remember going into labor with my first and my water bag didn't break until maybe an hour before he was delivered. In the movies it's always the water breaking and immediate screaming to follow when really, I found it hard to sum up the energy to scream. It was more of a guttural, taking-the-biggest-shit-ever grunting that would come out of my mouth. Thanks Hollywood.
That one was hella believable for me (I popped out two kids 5 years apart). What resonated more for me was how she dressed during the summer and how Ross chastised her. My husband did exactly that and got the same reaction from me that Rachel gave. You don't tell a heavily pregnant and uncomfortable woman she should change if it's sweltering hot and already baking a bun.
Good golf karma will come your way!
I was a hardcore fan of DE Framboos until I tried the SR Good Genes. :\ It felt so much nicer and my skin agreed with it more. I wish I never tried it. T_T I have a FS DE Framboos that I need to use up before I buy a new/replacement AHA.
It doesn't really read like an "expose" but rather a bitchy libelous rant. &gt;_&gt;; It is unfortunate that Tarte doesn't equip their artists with the training and products needed to learn and teach retail partner artists how to best maximize and sell their products but that part towards the end, that's opinion, not a proven fact.
My GA Luminous Silk foundation gets a $7-8 Innisfree No Sebum Blur Primer with 25g of product vs Benefit Porefessional that's $31 for 21g. I think it might have been discontinued so I'll soon have to find a replacement for it. T_T
I know right? Re-watching the series now that I'm older, omg I never caught on what a raging dick he was to Rachel.
My Filipino is rusty but I kept thinking "tupa" was puppy. What's a tupa?
Looking at her comment history, she frequents BGChatter but I guess that got shut down recently? God damn it I grabbed a bowl of chips and some iced tea to watch the trainwreck but I guess I'll watch some k-drama to get my fill of daily drama. :P
Recently got a letter from my old employer/company of some stock I purchased some time back. Company went IPO (but I am still in the lockout) and they have all current and former employees access their account online with AST. Is it possible to move my stocks into my Vanguard (I want it all in one place) even before the lockout expires? I've been clicking through the transfer form for Vanguard and it doesn't mention stocks under the options with AST. Anyone have any experience transferring from one institution to Vanguard? Thanks!
Thank you for the translation clarification! *I still don't get the joke. Haha!*
Ooooh. Now I get it!
Not really. I thought they had a cute place and that they did the best they could with the space. The only criticism I have is that the dude doesn't need a 2nd workstation in the space they have. They could easily put a two seater dining/cafe table there so they have somewhere to sit to eat other than the living room. Having stayed briefly in JP, that couple's place would be luxurious for my old coworkers who lived in Tokyo. I would have totally digged their place if I was single in SF. The tiny space (120sqft) though I find a bit strange and same with the micro apartment but when I think about places in say, Hong Kong, it doesn't seem too strange. It's just strange in a way to see it here in my homeland/state. If the rent is reasonable it could be a vehicle that people could use to save for a house. Just my $0.02.
Yep. It's all transactional and no real emotional feelings or loyalty invested for me. :P If you make my face/skin pretty and you're not a shitty company, you can have my money.
I'd keep any dalmatians away from her though. &gt;_&gt;;
Hang in there. I've been there (both postpartum depression and depression stemming from being unemployed) and it can be rough some days over others. I spoke with my doctor about it, which you should too, and he helped me find ways to put things in my control and deal with things that can trigger or make my depression worse. One thing that he taught me was to look at doing mindfulness activities - yoga, pilates, enjoying some quiet outdoors, meditating, etc. Things that you'd enjoy that bring you calm and peace kind of stuff. Hopefully things get better for you the rest of the week.
Seems like you're in my neck of the woods. There was also that one post of a suspicious black person in one of the nearby neighborhoods (I want to say in the direction of Los Altos) and someone replied to the gist "hey my son-in-law is black so just because you see one means they're bad people". I feel like Nextdoor is the digital version of like, nosy old lady neighbors who profile anyone who makes them uncomfortable. I find the posts there fascinating and facepalm-y.
I fly my parents in from HI on a regular basis and flights to SJC from HNL are +$20 compared to SFO. Wear and tear on my car and fuel alone make SJC the smarter choice and it's just so much quicker to get in and out of whether you're dropping off or picking up someone. Even for work if I can help it, I fly out of SJC.
I hate being sized up by what I wear and generally how I look like. Today I wasn't feeling it so it was leggings, a tattered but super comfy hoodie, and Ugg boots older than my kid for my outfit today. I also didn't put makeup on on purpose because I wanted to get matched for some new/different foundation. I park next to Neiman because I wanted to get some Chanel and/or Dior foundation, hopefully the Chanel cushion, and when I approached the counter, the SA was so dismissive and short with me. I fucked on out of there and went to Sephora and picked up a cologne for my hubby and got matched with some lovely CC cream and tinted moisturizer by one of the SAs. She was so genuinely friendly and excited to talk about skincare and skincare-oriented makeup that she made me forget about my shitty experience at the Chanel counter at NM. I'm not going to discount the whole department store but that SA was snooty AF (and I totally get why).
I don't like the examples of advertising that OP included. To me it's like it's reinforcing bad/irresponsible spending behavior. Like it's giving it justification that spending like that is not "bad" or excessive. It just makes me feel uncomfortable and that's possibly due to my own attitude towards spending and actually consuming products I purchase. I think a big part of it too is that we're a culture of massive consumerism (when compared to other places around the world) and excess. We don't "need" a lot of things but advertising, as it evolves, tries to influence consumers that they do "need" the stuff they sell and it's not merely a want. I will admit though, there is one brand that I actually do like for having relatable social media posts and that is [**Drunk Elephant** skincare on IG](https://www.instagram.com/drunkelephantskincare/). They don't make pushes about buying unnecessarily. They make relatable posts about everyday life, lifestyle, and feelings. That's the kind of relatable social media posts, marketing, and advertising I can get behind.
If it didn't say "inquirer.net" at the top I could swear it was like a Filipino version of The Onion.
*Rant ahead:* Just got home from the mall and I'm a little upset. My hubby got me a gift card for Burke Williams and I went to see if I could use it towards their skincare products because well, I am not fond of massages (people touching me) but I do like their nail services and that they carry some Eminence products; So I was happy to find out that I could use my GC towards them. I mean, they're so pricey, I normally wouldn't buy them otherwise. I was going to get the facial oil ($80) and I stood there waiting to pay for it. There was only one person at reception and there were 6 people total waiting to be served. Eventually after like 10 minutes, a second employee comes out and has two other women go ahead of me (wtf)? I wouldn't have thought too much of it but being the only Asian there, I felt awkward. It felt like casual racism. I just sighed, didn't say anything, walked back in to the lounge, put the product back, and walked out. I actually started to tear up in my car as I was driving home.
Was it ontrac?
They do. There's always people coming in (for their appointments) and checking out (paying for their services) at the lobby. My issue is I wasn't even acknowledged to even the minimum point of "We'll be right with you". The second employee just motioned for the two women behind me to come to the counter. I may just use my GC at a different location. I truly appreciate the encouragement btw. &lt;3
I'm going to be contacting my gym (Bay Club) as they seem to be listed as a vendor for this! Thanks for all the work finding the info. I keep thinking if some gym mom/dad bought this for their kid to snack on and subsequently got sick. This is abhorrent.
I visit Vegas a lot because I have family there so the party aspect is little "eh" to me now but yes, people do come up to random people like that. I've been approached before and asked "how much for a good time?" on one occasion, I've played herder for a party of rowdy friends for a bachelor party, people get so drunk they pop a squat in the monorail and take a piss, and I've heard a dude go up to a random black woman in the casino and say "nigger, give me a shoulder massage" (the guy's friends knew he crossed the line and apologized to the lady on behalf of their drunk/high friend). People think just because it's Vegas they can act like total belligerent assholes and it's okay because they're in Vegas.
My old roomies found a place using hotpads.com - they also list Rooms for Rent.
There are some warm toned ones like in Amorepacific line (they have 3 pink tone and 2 yellow tone) and Hera and Iope have come out with Neutral and Warm cushions aside from Cool. I made the mistake of getting a cool-toned Hera myself one time and I didn't wear it for long because I was a light-warm undertone!
*(puts Etude House cushion makeup on with kabuki brush)* **Ugh! Korean cushion makeup is a joke! This is garbage.** No kidding darling - you pick one of the Korean roadshop brands, apply it with the wrong tool, and expect it to be flawless.
**hun**~*eee*!
Did you ever try the YSL foundation that it replaced (Fusion Ink)? I ask because the FI was my HG and I'm a little sad it got discontinued. With my skin, matte does me no favors whatsoever so I'm hoping the All Hours one isn't too matte. Also what's your skin type and how do you find the wear on it throughout the day (besides the color staying the same after oxidizing a little)?
*Skin notes:* NC25-ish, combo/dehydrated, pores and oiliness are my biggest concerns. * *Primer:* **[Erborian Pink Perfect Creme](https://www.sephora.com/product/pink-perfect-creme-P419445)** - I just this across my T-zone and on my cheeks, where I want to address pore-filling. It's okay. I'm just shopping my stash and finishing off what I have. It's not as pore-filling as Benefit's Porefessional but it is less drying. I would not repurchase this again luckily it's only the mini one. * *Concealer:* **Laura Mercier Flawless Fusion Ultra-Longwewar Concealer (2W)** - Ugh, love this concealer so much. It doesn't cake and doesn't leave the covered areas dry. This one is a definite repurchase! * *Foundation:* **gloskin beauty loose mineral powder (golden light) + gloskin translucent setting powder** - I mix the two to get the right shade because golden light, while being the lightest they have for mineral powder, is still noticeably dark on me when used alone. What I love about this is as summer comes around, I can keep changing the mix to get the right shade. It gives a light-medium coverage depending how thick I lay on it. Today it's just one light layer, enough to even out my skin tone and blur some imperfections. Today is not a full coverage day for me. * *Blush:* **Hourglass Luminous Flush** - again, just shopping my stash and trying to use what I have. Since my mineral powder gives a radiant finish I wanted to pair it with an equally radiant blush. This I wear lightly as well to give me a hint of color and I love the natural look it can provide. While it's a lovely blush, this is something I probably wouldn't repurchase because I have other blushes (NARS) in the works to be panned. * *Eyeshadow:* **[Laura Mercier Eye Art Caviar Colour-Inspired Palette](https://www.sephora.com/product/eye-art-caviar-colour-inspired-palette-P409356?icid2=:p409356:product)** - I love shimmery eyeshadows and I love when they're also neutral and easy to play with like this palette. The only downside to this palette however is how powdery it can get and the fallout. When you can get it to stick to your eyelid and blend, it looks beautiful and simple. I thought I'd like the actual caviar sticks more but I just seem to do better with powder than cream it seems. * *Lips:* **Bite Amuse Bouche Liquified Lip (Whip for outer and Puree inner, slight ombre look)** - I use Whip (nude) along the outer part or my lips and Puree (reddish-orange) on the inner part. I like these for how pigmented they are but they can feel drying some of the time. I just have to be mindful to smack my lips from time to time or use my YSL tint-in-oil to moisten things up. * *Eyebrows:* **ABH Dipbrow Pomade (Dark Brown)** - Still practicing using this without going too bold. I think I'm starting to get the hang of it. What I like about this over the tinted gel is that I don't get flakes that fall onto the rest of my face. Once you lay the dip-dip, it stays put. XD I'd like to try the brow-wiz more too to get the hang of it as well.
I like DE. A few of my products in my k-beauty skincare are DE products but I enjoy it in my quiet at home spa moments and conversations with my friends in a normal manner alongside my COSRX, EL ANR and Eminence Facial Oil, whatever brands I have. Any skincare brand I have I use because it just works for me. DE is nothing really that special. TO is nothing really special either. I feel, and I'm just taking a guess, because the two brands (DE &amp; TO) try to differentiate themselves from "big" companies people take on this "my skincare brand company is better than yours and that makes us superior". Oh, and don't even get me started on Tatcha. *On-topic:* DE, both Nathan and Tiffany could have handled that a lot better than the public showcase that went down in the comments. Take the feedback, say thank you, correct it, and make sure to not have your pants down next time. Play the PR game better and don't come off like a self righteous a-hole.
Your feedback does help! I think I may skip it for now (as matte doesn't suit me). I may get a sample though to test once I whittle down my foundation stash. It may not be a bad foundation to try for my brother's upcoming destination wedding where the weather will be hot as Hell and humid.
Yasssss! I'm glad there will be a SCA version of this MUACJD sub where I can go for more discussions than having to endlessly scroll through images and what not. I think that new sub it should mimic how this sub is for discussions.
I really, really enjoy [Michele Wang](https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCIB0qtyTO6ULzAarlWB1LKg). Her specialty/focus is on luxury products but she shows them in such a simple, straight to the point fashion. She does demos, wear test, and also check-ins on how it's worn through the day and she doesn't always give luxury products praise. She'll simply state the products high points and shortcomings for her own use and expectations and she doesn't give the vibe or messaging of "You need this!". Because luxury stuff is more my jam and I'd like to know if something expensive is "worth it", I try to find BGs who can give a fair assessment and not have this whole "you must buy this" attitude.
I can empathize with you on this one. If there's one thing I hate, and it's mostly because my family has been a victim of careless drivers, it's distracted drivers. Texting, taking selfies/Boomerangs/FB livecasting, etc. I've nearly gotten rear ended because some girl was looking in her mirror doing her mascara. Now, I have a front and rear dashcam to cover my butt. It really burns me when I read responses of "lol I do my makeup in my car while driving" like it's something to be proud of. Do the makeup at home or do it when you get to your destination when you're parked or at work.
No kidding! I think part of what I enjoy about her channel is I get, in some way, to live makeup-vicariously through her and I don't have to experience buyer's remorse over a very expensive product that may not work for me. Her videos also serve a purpose for my makeuprehab too because she has videos where she actually shops her stash and remembers why she hates or loves a product she purchased.
&gt; At this point asking prices are basically meaningless. My husband and I learned this the hard way the past month or so (buying in SF). We saw a place listed for $1.7m, we came in at +200k over asking, but it sold for +900k over asking. 15 offers made on the house and 12 of them were over $2m. It's all about comps as one other redditor pointed out to me. It's just absolutely fucking bananas. The reason they post the prices low is they want to get people in the door. We ended up getting a house that isn't finished for cheaper so we'll take the rest of the money, put the work into it and do our own finishes. Yes it's extra work but at the end of the day, it's tough to compete with other buyers for nicely finished houses.
TMI: I have this at-home peel and I love it. I used to go to an esthetician my friend referred me to but at $200/visit for facial + peels, it was becoming too expensive to see him on a 2-3x year basis. Now I do this peel once a week or once every two weeks and my skin stays smooth and fresh aside from the occasional hormonal acne. I know people think it's a steep price but it lasts a damn good while. I still have my bottle that I purchased last year and I'm nowhere near finishing it yet (using 1-1.5 pump each time). Personally the spend on Sukari is cheaper than my facial sessions so it works out for me. Skin always feels baby soft and smooth after, I slap on some FTE and it feels a whole lot better. I would recommend it if your skin is not too sensitive.
I received my **Marc Jacobs Beauty O!Mega Bronzer Coconut Perfect Tan (Tan-tastic!)** today. I swatched it in-store alongside the Tantric shade and Tantric pulled mucho orange on me so I went with this shade. I have been never really one for bronzer but when I saw some pictures taken at a family event, my blush was washed out and my face just looked flat. :( I've always been kind of scared of overdoing it and possibly looking "muddy" but this MJ bronzer seems so newb friendly because I can build it up little by little. Also on my NC25ish skin, it looks natural. I followed Rihanna's GRWM in 10 minutes video and followed how she did her bronzer - I have a big forehead too and would like to look like I've been out in the sun even though I'm a total indoor enthusiast. I am so happy I bought this and I will definitely be bringing it with me when I travel for my brother's destination wedding.
Auuuugh! I had so much fun playing at Topgolf in Vegas that when the employee there told me they were opening up one in the Bay Area, I got hella excited. Now that I'm moving out of the South Bay, I'm hella sad I'll be pretty far from it. :(
What makes a good bronzer brush? I recently got the MJ O!Mega bronzer but I don't actually have a bronzer brush. Should I just get the MJ bronzer brush as well?
My husband gave me a Sephora GC for Mother's Day and it's the only reason I'm even considering it. lol Can I use it for other things other than bronzer?
Yes, the blended out, not too precise thing is what I want to go for! I'll check out the Target next to me if they have RT.
[Is it this one?](https://www.beautylish.com/s/sonia-g-sculpt-one) I am a total sucker for JP brushes since I bought the Sephora x Hakuhodo powder wedge brush on VIB sale last year and have been using solely that for setting, finishing, and even mineral powder. I think I will put that brush on my wishlist because I'm looking to just use the GC my husband gave me and not actually drop the cash myself. XD
I love Michele Wang! I mentioned her a few days ago in a different makeup discussion because she's a beauty guru that gives me hope in social media beauty guides/tutorials/etc. I just watched her video where she received 8 of them from Sonia G - I feel like it's a toss up between Fan 1 or Fan 4 (or both!) for me. Thanks for the suggestion, I will definitely put these on my wishlist; I also don't have fan brushes in my collection.
Oh, I know about the gift card use. I mean can the MJ bronzer brush be used for other powder products? For that price point personally, I'd like to hope it can be a multipurpose tool. XD
I had my births drug-free with a midwife and doula in a hospital (SF Bay Area) specifically because if anything went wrong, I could get proper medical intervention. I get how some crunchy women want that "at-home" comfortable, familiar feeling but I also like not dying to complications, hemorrhaging, etc.
Hey, your bacon, your frying pan. Everyone's comfort level is different. We take both reap the benefits and consequences of our decisions. Great and luckily it worked for you. It will for others and for some it won't (there was one case in Business of Being Born). Would have I taken that risk? Probably not.
And for me that's the thing too. With my first, totally normal and healthy pregnancy, after delivery I lost a lot of blood and ended up unconscious. They were able to intervene and stop it. I was able to stay in the hospital under observation and the watchful eyes of the L&amp;D nurses until I got discharged. I wouldn't have changed my decision even if the outcome came out to be a normal one. I just never know. Great to anyone who has had a successful, uncomplicated, safe home birth. They are lucky. I personally however, weighing my comfort level and pros and cons, could not do it.
Oh, nuts. :( Okay. Maybe I'll go feel it in store first. I got burned buying brushes without touching them when I bought the YSL multipurpose one online (and it sheds like a mofo).
Oh Christ. I'm moving to SF in mid-July - there's something not to look forward to. :( I'm going to miss the Los Gatos DMV very much (and it smells nice like a Nordstrom).
From the childcare that my two sons have attended, under 2 years old spots are "golden spots". There are two childcare providers (both the owners) and they are allowed, or really just take, 2 infants each and the rest of their ratio goes to age 2 and over. When I had my first, I had to wait a few months before one of the infants turned 2 and then he could attend. When I had my second, I notified her when the baby would arrive and when we'd put him in daycare so she held him a spot. It's good to start canvassing daycares now and making it clear to the providers what your guys' schedule (when the baby will go in) be like.
Husband and I are in this process - sold our place, bought a semi-fixer upper in the city that will need some demo in the kitchen and dining, relocating stairs, relocating main floor bathroom, repaint interior, and framing rooms downstairs. The way we're tackling this is having the major stuff done (at least on the main living floor) before we bring the kids who are both under the age of 8. Some of the stuff we can cord off from the kids but we're prioritizing the demo and the stairs for safety reasons. I would recommend sitting down with the hubby and going through the list of what should be done first in terms of cost, efficiency, and safety if you guys are moving in while the work is being done. It's not impossible, it'll just be very very hard.
It's not so straight forward as some people and regions make it out to be. Hubby and I lost out on the first two offers we made on homes in San Francisco but we won the third. Eventually we realized we were meant to have the third one and felt glad we didn't land the first two! So it worked out in the end. It'll work out for you too! Just... don't get too emotionally tied to a house until purchase agreements have been mutually completed!
That was the story for my hubby and I this past month! Only the first house went $800k-ish over asking and the second house we lost because the offer higher than us was +$120k over ours. The third house there were two offers, one of them being us, and we won it! So there definitely is hope it just takes a while to get there.
SO HOT.
I've been waiting for a thread like this! I was wondering if anyone had anything on **RMS Beauty**. I've been looking at their stuff since it's right up my alley/style but I don't want to support uber "controversial" brands/owners.
I'm a long time gamer. Did my time in a guild back in the day that did "world firsts" in World of Warcraft which was basically as consuming as a full time job. While my character would travel (air travel) I'd play with my makeup or do my skincare. I think it's cool one of my favorite makeup retailers is opening their arms and mind to video games.
Huh... My family is from Pampanga, my mom's side anyway. I wonder what German spices/flavors would synergize well with what we use in Pampanga/PI. Now you've given me a cooking project to do this summer with my kid! :D
Haha! Well, I'm going back to PI for my brother's destination wedding in Oct. If for some reason my recipe is successful, I will share it with my fellow PH redditors. :)
I've lived all over the Bay over the past 15 years - SF, North, East, South. And the worst drivers I've ever experienced are South Bay drivers. The ones that I hate the most are the ones that cruise the left lane at or under the speed limit. :\
I'm willing to create some housing for them at my new resident in Central Sunset! Hopefully the NIMBEEs won't climb up my butt about it. (Serious: I'll do my research about it but I hope I can have a small colony.)
*(Combo/dehydrated skin)* I love both these sunscreens! I'm the death squirts for both tubes because I mix them. The Sheer leaves a slight whitecast for me (Currently NC25ish, NC30 at my darkest summer shade) and the Tinte is dark with my Winter/Spring shade but when mixed, it's perfect. On days when my skin is having a bad day, it feels hydrating/moisturizing for a sunscreen and doesn't irritate it any further. My dry patches that I get around my mouth and on my cheeks don't show when I use this sunscreen. I definitely agree on the repurchase for these two!
**Product name:** Farmacy Green Screen Daily Environmental Protector Broad Spectrum MineralSunscreen SPF 30 with Echinacea GreenEnvy™ **Price (range):** $36 for 1.7oz / 50ml **Country of purchase:** USA **Skin info:** Combo/Dehydrated **Key ingredients:** * Echinacea GreenEnvy™ &amp; Cichoric Acid: Help maintain an even complexion and a youthful glow. * Aronia Extract (Black Chokeberry) + Lutein (Marigold Extract): These natural antioxidants may guard against ambient blue light. **All ingredients:** * Active Ingredients: Titanium Dioxide 2.40%, Zinc Oxide 5.82% * Inactive Ingredients: Water (Aqua), Ethyl Macadamiate, Cyclopentasiloxane, Ethylhexyl Palmitate, Propanediol, C12-15 Alkyl Benzoate, Polysorbate 80, Glyceryl Stearate, Peg-100 Stearate, Echinacea Purpurea Root Extract, Aronia Melanocarpa Fruit Extract, Hydrolyzed Verbascum Thapsus Flower, Tagetes Erecta Flower Extract, Alteromonas Ferment Extract, 7-dehydrocholesterol, Zea Mays (Corn) Oil, Helianthus Annuus (Sunflower) Seed Oil, Carthamus Tinctorius (Safflower) Seed Oil, Malic Acid, Tocopherol, Myristic Acid, Cetyl Alcohol, Glycerin, Hydrogenated Lecithin, Panthenol, Stearic Acid, Polyglyceryl-6 Isostearate, Microcrystalline Cellulose, Alumina, Behenic Acid, Stearyl Alcohol, Caprylyl Methicone, Dimethicone, Cyclohexasiloxane, Isohexadecane, Triethoxysilylethyl Polydimethylsiloxyethyl Hexyl Dimethicone, Lauryl Peg-9 Polydimethylsiloxyethyl Dimethicone, 1,2-hexanediol, Behenyl Alcohol, Triethoxycaprylylsilane, Polyhydroxystearic Acid, Sodium Acrylate/Sodium Acryloyldimethyl Taurate Copolymer, Cellulose Gum, Sorbitan Oleate, Butylene Glycol, Phenoxyethanol, Caprylyl Glycol, Ethylhexylglycerin, Sodium Benzoate, Potassium Sorbate, Sodium Citrate, Citric Acid, Sodium Phytate. **Experience &amp; opinion:** I have always been a fan of Asian Beauty sunscreens for being cosmetically elegant and not leaving a whitecast. Every now and again I try some Western ones to see how they feel and finish and for the most part been disappointed because they felt nice, applied nice, then finished greasy. I tried this one in Sephora, rubbed it on the back of my palm and was delightfully surprised. I bought it and patch test it (all over my face) and used it for the entire week. I know, dumb. It could have broken me out. Some people like to run with scissors or skydive, I like to slather new skincare all over my face. :P It's not too runny in terms of viscosity and it doesn't sting when I put it around my eyes or on my eyelids. The whole non-stinging part is a big win. IDK if it's the sunscreen but I've also noticed when I use it, my face tends to be less oily (than if I use my Biore Watery Gel). After I've applied it and it dries down, it feels slightly velvet-y but not as velvet-y as say Biore Watery Essence (2016 ver). I'm on my second, or maybe it's third, tube of this sunscreen. It lasts longer for me because I cycle it with other sunscreen in my stash (Hera, DE, Biore). Can I consider it HG? I think so but I won't give it that until I'm on my fourth or fifth tube.
I was living with my BF at the time in SF (part-time, 3 days a week avg) when I had a job in the East Bay. I had also rented a room one town over from my work with a 15 min drive to stay for the other days of the week. Two things I realized having two different places to go home to: * My social life was better in the city. Being that my BF had a job there and the bulk of our friends were in the city, we went out more often and it was more fun. There was a lot more to do and places were open much later than in the sleepy suburbs where hardly anything is open past 9pm. * Driving kinda sucked when I was coming from the city going to P-town which is 40 mi vs Livermore to P-town which was 10 mi. I was glad to have my commuter room where I could crash and get plenty of rest and recharge and then towards the weekend go back to SF to spend time with my SO and hang out with friends/family. If you can get a job in the city, live in the city. I've had coworkers who lived in SF and commuted to SJ and Los Gatos and didn't last long. They ended up looking for jobs in the city within 1-1.5 years. That 2+ hour commute will drain you. My general advice would be: Live as far from work as you can tolerate driving but still be within distance to amenities you value.
Yep yep. The office I worked at was close to 580 so it wasn't too bad a drive in. Just the distance.
Hopefully it's going to be legen... wait for it... DARY!
Even in Cupertino, there are signs at restaurants, in front of the gym, even at some supermarkets telling people not to leave their valuables in the car because car break-in is the most common crime here. Not too long ago my husband was having a work dinner at a resto on Stevens Creek and his colleague's SUV was broken into because he left his newly purchased DSLR in the back seat. People think because they're in Cupertino, their stuff is safe in the car. It's really not. My friend's dashcam captured footage of a group breaking into a bunch of cars at a plaza while we were out for bubble tea and ended up giving it to the sheriff's dept but luckily they were able to catch and convict them. But yeah, SF has it worse. :(
**Alexander's Steakhouse** *(Cupertino or SF)* is okay if you've never been. I feel they were a lot better at their old location in VallCo. Been going there for special occasions and work dinners since 2010ish and they've definitely had some rise and fall with their food. If you do go there, I recommend sticking with what they're famous for - hamachi shooters and Wagyu steaks. Hell, their cocktails can be pretty delicious too (so if you plan on imbibing a lot, Uber it all the way). **The Sea** *(Palo Alto)* (sister resto of Alexander's) is more seafood focus/specialty. For myself, I enjoyed The Sea more than Alexander's but that's because I love seafood more than meat and my husband is the opposite. If one or both of your parents are more seafood fans, this is a good place to go. I enjoy the drinks more at Alexander's but that might be biased cause I like the staff more there. **Plumed Horse** *(Saratoga)* This place is 1-star Michelin rated just like how Alexander's used to be but I feel this place earns it more. They do Californian fare and you can do either a tasting menu (which includes a steak dish) or do ala carte. **Manresa** *(Los Gatos)* This place recently became 3-star Michelin rated up from 2. I'm only throwing this in the list because you said "food snobs" and "nicer the better". I mean, that's all relative but this place definitely feels the snob part and it's nicer than the options I've listed. It's just... more eclectic with the menu than say your good ole French/American cuisine. I think I would prefer Plumed Horse over this place. **Sundance Steakhouse** *(Palo Alto)* This steakhouse has a more old school feel but isn't outrageously expensive. They have a rich array of steaks but their mainstay/staple here is the Prime Rib. This will be cheaper than the previously mentioned restos with a more relaxed feel/ambiance. I think everyone can find something they like on the menu at this place. **Fogo de Chao** *(Santana Row, SJ)* AYCE steak. The resto itself is nice and looks fancypants, they have an extensive veggie/sides buffet, and the meat has never let me down. If you and your fam can put away a lot of meat, this could be very good value! Also, if you want a particular cut and don't see it being circulated, just ask the server and they'll bring it out!
You're correct, they don't line up. In EU they have a different set of sunscreen filters than what we have here approved in the US. I've stocked up on LRP sunscreen when I travel to Ireland and get it for like 11 euros on special at Boots (equivalent to our CVS). If it were me, I'd just get what I can get in the drugstore here rather than chancing my arm at a reseller; even Amazon has issues with authentic stuff and I don't think skincare/makeup is one of those things I'd take a gamble on. Just my 2 cents.
Like they do the Livermore Outlets. :-|
Does the whole "parking in front of own driveway" apply to all neighborhoods? :O In that case if we have friends visiting, they can park their car in our driveway and we take our car and block our own driveway? (Hubby and I are new to the Central Sunset neighborhood.)
I actually wouldn't mind the fake grass! I think per sqft it is definitely more expensive so I'll have to rework how much we'll cover the yard. Like, maybe I leave a border along the fence and put vegetable boxes along the side or something. Is yours like Heavenly Green?
Thanks for the suggestion! I think maybe for a small portion of the yard we'd do something like that (or vegetable planter boxes) but in general we'd need/want an open space for two boys (and possibly a dog) to run around on so it'd need to withstand high traffic.
Yikes! I greatly appreciate the math! It's an eye opener because atm, hubby and I are moving from a condo in the South Bay to a SFH in SF so our own yard is new to us. Considering we won't be looking to move for years to come, a real lawn could be a money sink.
I think we're already decided on those! We're getting Lemon, Avocado, and Calamansi which we will put where there's a real plant area (along with the veggies).
CHECK YOUR TENANT RIGHTS AND MAKE SURE HE'S WITHIN LEGAL ACTION TO DO THAT! AFAIK THERE'S A 30 DAY NOTICE THAT NEEDS TO BE GIVEN TO END TENANCY OR SOMETHING LIKE THAT.
When my husband listed our place for sale, [he actually put "Apple Spaceship" in the description](https://imgur.com/a/9fQjwwa). :( I asked him to change it and he said it was fine. I was kind of embarrassed.
Apple tried to buy that complex but the property company that owns it wouldn't budge. I think they're going to do like 6 story apartments there in the future and add way more units.
WELL HE CAN'T SAY NOV AND KICK YOU OUT NOW IS WHAT I MEAN. BUT GOD YEAH THAT SUCKS BALLS. MOVING IS A CYSTIC ACNE PAIN IN THE ASS.
Bay Club has the lap pools in Santa Clara (off Central Expressway) and in Los Gatos (Courtside). Cupertino location does not have a pool. The only downside to BC Santa Clara is that it's about a mile walk from Caltrain Lawrence Station. :\ Bonus though, and I used this membership rate, if you're 29 and under you can get a special Young Professional rate of $99/mo. Dunno what it is now but that's what I paid for (and initiation fee was waived).
Our realtor mentioned that when we were looking at various listings in Sunset. Some had long enough driveways and others did not because it'd encroach on the sidewalk. For ones that did not, you could fit a small EV like a Leaf or a Mini Cooper. At the place we ended up with I believe we [have about a foot or less allowance from the start of our actual driveway (green line) to the public sidewalk](https://i.imgur.com/yPw2MSY.jpg). I'm going to guess a ticket for parking on the actual sidewalk will be bigger than blocking a driveway?
I do not want gophers in my yard! Especially if we're putting veggies there. :(
&gt; Commenters were falling over themselves to complain how much of a magical wonderland the Bay Area is I'm a Bay Area resident who just so happens to be married to a Dublin native (he immigrated to the US in 2006ish through his work). We're both in tech and it's a fucking rat race out here. If we were to move from here to IE, we could live in [Foxrock](https://www.myhome.ie/residential/brochure/7-cairn-hill-westminster-road-foxrock-dublin-18-d18-k2e7/4229523) near his buddies and still have money left over considering how crazy stupid real estate is here and the housing shortage. There's nothing magical about being outbidded by $400k-$800k on a home. There's nothing magical about having to keep looking where you're walking in SF for fear of getting a hypodermic needle stuck in your shoe (and forget wearing open toe sandals). There's nothing magical about having to take the stairs when the homeless/junkies take multiple shit on the escalator of our BART system (kinda like DART but the ghetto version) causing it to shutdown. No, the Bay Area, especially SF, is not a bowl of cherries. You definitely have to take the bad in stride with the good. We have diversity, awesome weather, great food scene, and lots of things to do and places we can go if we head 4 hours in any direction. Ireland is a beautiful country. People are chill and aren't as offended as people here in America. If it weren't for the weather and my crazy mother-in-law, I'd seriously let my husband know I'd agree to live there. The Guinness and spice bags would be a welcome change from my granola and avocado toasts.
I've been to Dublin about 3 or 4 times now since being married to my husband who is from Dublin. I never really thought it was that bad every time we go to city center. But maybe my perspective is way skewed because we're from SF/Bay Area (also I've spent time in the Philippines and in places like Manila so actual 3rd world is not new to me). SF itself has really lost a lot of itself because of the homeless/junkies/mentally ill but I don't think Dublin is there yet. Though the big comfort for me walking around in Dublin is there's less likelihood that someone will have a gun and shoot me than if I were in SF or anywhere else in America.
Sorta, depends on context. In the case "Stockton tumalon" it'd be "Stockton jumped" for sure. But in other context like "Tumalon ka", instructing someone to jump, it'd be "You jump" (action has not happened yet).
I admit, I spent way too long looking for a sweet potato/yam transport in the picture. On-topic, I can't tell who or where the right of way is! This is rage inducing!
Yes it's definitely gotten much worse. I lived there about 10 years ago until I moved and it wasn't that bad back then. I feel like FiDi and Union Square now have been even more inundated with homeless/junkies. I mean, visit the SF subreddit and look at the posts of tourist posting about their cars being broken into and people/residents have the sentiment of "that's cute". That is not what the reaction should be but unfortunately it is. It's pretty disheartening. :(
I found the cheapest for my car was to order tires off the tirerack site and have them shipped to an installer and the install/labor only cost me $110! Tirerack will list a bunch of approved/licensed installers so just call the ones that you're interested in and get an updated or more concise quote (they'll ask for your year and model of the car).
Did you have a gel color coat underneath or just regular polish?
The bags ears are subtlety and simply done that it doesn't look too childish! I like the purse personally. XD It reminds me a Kate Spade one!
I got this with the Etude House Wine Party palette - the mattes and all the solid colors were fine but the glittery pans... You pretty much have to chisel it out. Finger won't pick it up and neither would a brush. :-|
Going through a remodel process right now and working with an architect - to have legal bedrooms (in either upper or basement/ground floor), they have to have a window or some means to which the person can evacuate or a firefighter can get to in case of a fire. As StolenKid mentioned, hit up the DBI site and see what his permit is scoped for, if anything you can complain about the whole bedroom and/or gate thing through there too.
I agree with MrNanny on the mild dish soap and water mixture with a soft toothbrush. Jewelry cleaner and ultrasonic cleaner are overkill for home use and IMO a waste of money. Even at T&amp;Co we wouldn't use jewelry cleaner on diamonds and plat - we'd brush them with a mild solution then with gloves and tongs blast them with the steam machine for the high shine and dissolving any other gunk build up (then back to brushing again, rinse and repeat).
I hate the whitecast on most zinc-based sunscreens too. I found that if I mix DE Umbra (plain) and DE Tinte (tinted), I can get the whitecast canceled out. Also another great and cosmetically elegant zinc-based non-whitecast sunscreen that I've found, and purchased for the third time, is Farmacy Green Screen. At first it looks like it'll leave a whitecast but as you pat it on/into your skin, it dissipates.
Okay DMV Dan!
Just some background, my godson shared this post on his FB. Frontrow is a MLM that operates in the Philippines and one of their products is a supplement that promotes (?) whitening/brightening (they have others like immune booster and slimming/diet pills). This totally makes me want to sign up for Frontrow now. /s
I will if you can show me spider lashes on actual spiders!
I bet when it passed it felt really buttery.
&gt; What has become of pride that they're willing to push queer people out of their own parade? You're overreaching. You jumped a barrier with the intent of civil disobedience making it as if you're innocent on this. You can't ride two horses with one butt hunny. Btw, I get where you're coming from. You're free to express your disdain for companies as you wish but your actions do not free you from consequences. When you make choices, whatever they are, you reap the benefits and consequences.
Got one for Cupertino area on ND - some fighter jets were flying by (probably on the way to Moffett field?) and someone posted "OMG is shit hitting the fan?!" -_-
I'm sorry you feel that way but try to think about it from the Amazon employees who attended the parade as well. I doubt any or most of them saw it as some corporate shilling and they were genuinely excited and happy to be there to support a community that has long struggled with acceptance in our culture. You cannot actually believe that "you did absolutely nothing wrong" when you intended on creating civil discourse at the expense of those in the parade group. :\ People in the parade, in a world full of chaos and hate, they were there to be happy and share being happy and to celebrate. I wish you could have seen the person in front of you instead of the company they work for.
Yes, it's a very big, popular trend in Asia that's a multi-billion dollar industry. O_O The culture/trend propagates that the whiter/fairer you are the more beautiful you are.
I am still very thankful because the Lord was there. This is a second life to better my life. - Roughly what it translates to.
Some landlords want rent x3 as the minimum income to rent.
I'm a female in tech in SV. Sadly it's not a super dim view and I've seen it happen to a few male coworkers and to one close friend of mine. :\ I used to have three girlfriends that I'd hang out with but then one of them turned into the green-eyed monster when she met her now husband so we don't hang out anymore. The other two, they know how to manage their own stuff and be financially independent women (even though they're married). Being in a high-pressure area/field, I think the money talk is high on the "must discuss" list with a potential significant other.
Man, if I find an extra 400sqft in my San Francisco home I'd be over the moon!
Yeah cause you know, those scammers always have an extra fire truck laying around. &gt;_&gt;;
Watching MasterChef and Gordon asks a contestant if she's meant to stay in the competition. She brings up her dad who died a year ago, how she put everything on hold, and how his one year death anniversary is coming up and her sister will have a hard time dealing if she's still in the competition. Like wtf, what does that have anything to do with your churros? JFC.
It's going for $450 BN? It's probably fake. That bag retails for $1650 in the US. O_O
This cushion is amazing (and it's the same foundation base as the now discontinued Ink Fusion, my HG). The refills aren't available in my country either so I try and get my friends to pick me up one or two when they travel to Asia. :\ They were cheaper to purchase in KR than HK and SG. With this cushion, I'm shade B40, I don't even bother to set it because it looks so dang good. Also wears like a champ through the say even in humid weather!
I was going for Jesus Fucking Christ but that works too!
I saw the same kind of sign and dressed up guys in front of Bank of America in Cupertino (branch close to Apple). I thought it was strange because that BoA location has been there forever.
Staying in the home city for the holidays because... renovation (eew cost) is coming. :&lt;
The host is so... robotic and flat. He doesn't have that natural kind of presenter flow like Carson Daly or Ryan Seacrest. The chefs, the dishes, and their stories are cool though!
Oh I hope it's not actual wet wipes like the disinfecting ones! Those can strip the leather and make it dry. I'd recommend actually the Cole Haan leather cleaner (for both the leather and the strap) to condition it. I've used it to clean the straps of my Azure Canvas bag and it's kept it smooth and non-cracking. The bag is like, 8+ years old now!
Wtf? If I invite people to have coffee with me, I go and pay for their coffee. He didn't buy himself a coffee or any to the young men he was with? Surely as a millionaire he can spare them even the drip coffee! How scabby.
WTH?! $42 for one bottle? I've purchased a box set of 8 EOs for $16 on Amazon for aromatherapy use in a humidifier (since I can't light and leave candles on). Wtf is in their $42 oil? -_-
The interior of a 1939 2-level house my husband and I bought this summer. D:
I agree with the two other posters about Brenda's and Wayfare which I think are best in their respective price ranges. Brenda's FC at midrange will run you about $20; Wayfare at the higher end will be closer to $30. If I'm out with friends/family and want something casual I'd go with Brenda's. If I'm feeling bougie, Wayfare. :P Off-topic: I wish there was a Vons Chicken up here in SF. They have my favorite fried chicken (Korean style).
Ooooooh! I will have to try it when I'm down that way. 2 piece, extra rice, and extra gravy. :D
My SiL from Ireland got me this Advent Calendar this year (last year she got me the L'Occitane one) from Marks &amp; Spencers. It goes for €35 when you spend €55 in store. I replied in kind by getting her a L'Occitane one for my MiL to bring back. I am excited to open this calendar because there are a lot of brands that we don't have here in the US. It's nice to see some familiar names though like L'Occitane, Stila, and Pur. The other ones will be a complete surprise to me. Included in the box are the following: * Nuxe Luxurious Body Cream * Diego Dalla Palma Eye Pencil * Eyeko Lash Alert Mascara * Percy &amp; Reed Perfectly Perfecting Wonder Overnight Recovery * The Hero Project Hyasoft Instant Moisture Boost * This Works Deep Sleep Pillow Spray * This Works In Transit Camera Close-Up Mask, Moisturiser and Primer in One * Skyn Iceland Berry Lip Fix with Wintered Red Algae * Phillip Kingsley Pomegranate &amp; Cassis Elasticizer * Leighton Denny High Performance Nail Colour * Living Proof 5-1in-1 Styling Treatment * Studio 10 Lip Perfecting Balm Gloss * Pur Afterglow Skin-Perfecting Powder Highlighter * Filorga Time-Filler Eyes * Stila Smudge Stick Waterproof Eye Liner * L’Occitane Immortelle Divine Cream Advanced Anti-Aging Skincare * L’Occitane Verbena Shower Gel * Autograph Blusher Brush * M&amp;S Formula Absolute Ultimate Sleep Cream * Prai Ageless Throat &amp; Décolletage Crème * Balance Me Wonder Eye Cream * Pixi Rose Tonic * Autograph Luminosity Luxe Multi Bronzer * Ren V-Cense Revitalising Night Cream * Shay &amp; Blue Black Tulip Natura Spray Fragrance
Oh they have one in SJ? I only know of the one on El Camino Real next to Hankook Supermarket. I wish they'd open one in SF. SF is sorely in need of a Korean Fried Chicken place. :&lt;
Lei Garden is in the spot that Fatima used to be in right? Right next to the big Target? That place is actually pretty good. I lived next door to Dynasty but I would always make the effort to go to Lei when I felt like having dim sum.
Upper Crust Apple Pie (available at Whole Foods). I also really love the Upper Crust Pumpkin Pie. T_T The pumpkin flavor is mild and not in your face and the crust is heaven, for both pumpkin and apple versions.
I have a bunch of the larger DS of La Mer for the regular cream, soft cream, and gel cream and honestly, I don't feel they're worth the insane price. They're nice as a moisturizer but that's about it. There are better and cheaper alternatives to help deal with acne scarring than La Mer cream.
This picture irritates me on so many levels but the most irritating fact for me is that he doesn't have the wrist strap on. What a dolt. Also the Donkey is not meant to be a running/jogging stroller so I doubt it was meant for whatever contratption he's on. X(
I have combo skin and I found it to be quite greasy after a while. :( It did not play well with my makeup at all either. I'm back to using DE/Farmacy mineral sunscreen. Another sunscreen to avoid though the idea sounds cool, Amorepacific Sun Resort spray sunscreen. Also a greasy mess!
*Especially* with not wearing the strap which is meant to keep the stroller tethered to you if you trip and it doesn't let it roll away. With that wheely thing, if he hits a rock or a hole, falls, and lets go of the stroller and that goes into the intersection, I don't want to even imagine. I've seen enough unfortunate child related accidents on /r/WPD that it's made me paranoid about that strap. -_-
Not just any stroller. A Bugaboo Donkey which depending on config/accessories will be $1400+. *(I am a douchie Bugaboo stroller owner myself.)* -_-
Is sharp, harsh, and sour a popular flavor profile for cheese in Germany? If so, is there a reason why?
I've started to wear my astigmatism eyeglasses that have a blue light filter (like gunnar glasses but way less yellow) at night when I drive. I find they offer some relief from the blindingly bright lights. I'm also hella thankful that my car has that feature in the rearview mirror (also my side mirrors) where it tones down the brightness of lights shining into them. Those have also helped a great deal!
It's almost like fishing in a barrel. *(Is that the correct term?)*
Drag Ace Ventura. SRS - for as controversial as he may be, I do find his videos entertaining. Funny it was one of my guy friends who introduced me to his content.
I'm having one of those lazy makeup days today. For me it's NARS Wanted eyeshadow palette color **Mendoza**. It's enough to give my eyelids some color while still looking on the natural theme.
I am so glad I am not alone in this. When Sephora had that 20% off sale, I went and bought myself two Farmacy lip balms cause they work so well for me. Cue today and I can't find either of them. This means I have to dig through the X number of bags I use (why the Hell do I love bags with lots of pockets) and try and find them. I hope I find them soon because having them on my lips prevents me from picking them. :(
I had high hopes for YSL All Hours because that foundation replaced my HG Fusion Ink. 😠 Newp, it was nothing like FI and it left my face looking dry and creepy AF. FI was a trooper for me and would survive the most hot and humid weather my travels during the summer offered but All Hours - even in the moist SF weather it'd still dry me out. Idk, I'm just all around disappointed with it.
I actually went from natural to insta glam for a brief period, found it was way too much work and went back to natural with maybe touches of glam. I've kinda started leaning more towards French and Korean inspired looks. Also with having two kids I've had to adapt to how much time I use to put on makeup. XD
**Color Corrector (undereye):** *GA Master Corrector (peach)* - this is one of my favorite color correctors for my dark circles. Given the past couple days I haven't been sleeping well my circles are darker than usual. The tube looks stupid tiny but it's very pigmented and you only need a little bit to make it stretch. **Concealer:** *Laura Mercier Flawless Fusion Concealer (2W, I think)* - this concealer is a champ. While I do suffer from creasing when I use too much, whatever product I have, stays. THis coupled with my color corrector really makes a big difference in evening out my skin when it comes to minimizing my dark undereye circles. It isn't drying on me like my Nars Radiant Creamy concealer. **Primer + Foundation:** *GA Face Fabric Foundation (#2)* - This is labeled as a foundation which given its tint, sure you could use it for such. But the texture also lends itself also to be a silicone-y primer kinda like Benefit Porefessional. I'm using it today as both a primer and my first foundation - something to even out my skin a bit and lay a canvas for my powder. **Foundation/Powder:** *glo skin beauty pressed base (Honey Fair)* - This was my first ever mineral powder foundation that my esthetician recommended for me. It was my HG and everyday go to for years until I went into liquid foundations. I found myself buying it again because I remember how nice it felt on my skin and how it never broke me out. It also, depending on how heavy I go, could go from light to full coverage. I took a fluffy brush that would lend itself to give me a light layer and basically treat it as a setting powder. It added some coverage that helped with redness on my cheeks and added more concealing on my acne scars. I made sure before using this that I hydrated and moisturized properly. **Blush:** *Tarte Amazonian Clay 12-Hour Blush (Paaarty - nude)* - I never expected greatness from DS stuff but I was more than pleasantly surprised how this blush works out for me. It really is so easy to use and to build up and it goes well with my fave makeup aesthetic, natural and no-makeup looks. I would totally buy other blush colors from tarte for this formula. **Lips:** *Bite Beauty Amuse Bouche Liquified Lipstick - The Unearthed Collection (Jicama)* - This is my absolute fave fall lip color. A MLBB but darker. It's a muted rose terracota shade that falls into my wheelhouse of neutral earthy makeup but gives my lips a bold enough look. It gives me the oomph I want when I keep everything else on my face simple. The other plus to this for me is the formula. I am a chronic lip picked and to prevent myself from picking, I wear a lip product that is creamy because I hate getting creamy sticky stuff on my fingers. **Setting Spray:** *Evian Facial Spray* - just so happen to be near me, in my skincare basket, so I used it to set my mineral powder foundation. I read on here or MUA that someone used it for setting cause they have sensitive skin so I thought I'd give it a try today. :P
I am not going to buy the [Chanel Les 4 Ombres quad](https://www.chanel.com/us/makeup/p/148797/les-4-ombres-exclusive-creation-in-legerete-et-experience/) that's exclusive to chanel.com. I love the colors in the quad BUT I already have a reddish shadow in my Wanted palette that I barely use and and the other colors I have something close in my Soft Glam palette. Like they might not be exact but close enough that I wouldn't be able to tell the shade difference once it's on my eyelid.
Ooooh! What's the Dior version? So far it's playing well with my mineral powder foundation. I'm just trying to use up what I have because I'm on a replacement buy only. XD
I recently got my S8+ fixed at a ubreakfix shop in Cupertino (California). It was for $274.39. Great service, great work. If I broke another Samsung screen I'd bring it there again. I was tempted to get the S9 but decided to just get my phone fixed and hold out for the Note10 or S10.
My husband is from Ireland - born and raised there until he moved to the US when he was about 26. We took a trip to PI recently for my brother's wedding and his head nearly exploded when we got to a roundabout in Angeles City. Complete and utter free for all and go any which way the wind blows. I thought it was funny. He thought it was scary.
Hi, was wondering if you're open to swaps. I'm interested in the DJ+ Camo drops. TY!
I'd cut an avocado in half, take the pit, replace it with golf ball sized object, then glue the avocado back together again and toss it back in the fridge with all the other avocados.
I was looking, actually still am looking, for a replacement of my HG DJ+ Ceramidin Gel-Cream so I decided to try **[COSRX Balancium Comfort Ceramide Cream](https://www.amazon.com/COSRX-Balancium-Comfort-Ceramide-Cream/dp/B07CZZ2QGB/ref=sr_1_18_s_it?s=beauty&amp;ie=UTF8&amp;qid=1544218079&amp;sr=1-18&amp;keywords=cosrx)**. Oh lawd, where do I even begin with this one. It claims to be lightweight. The fact that it's thicker feeling than vaseline out the tube determined that was a lie. XD It also felt really greasy after rubbing it in. It did not feel soothing on my skin (combo/dehydrated, sometimes sensitive, prone to hormonal breakouts). For me, it felt heavy in the way Drunk Elephant Lala Retro Creme felt heavy. It's been sitting in my skincare closet since. I think this might really suit someone with dry skin.
My foundation. I had $75 GC for Sak's and decided to get the La Mer Soft Fluid Foundation. The dude at the La Mer counter gave me a sample pot to hold me over for a few days (while I wait for my in-store out of stock shade to get delivered). I've had it on all afternoon with no setting powder and it looks so nice like second skin with a touch of luminosity (from the natural oils of my face mixing with it). *Edit:* Also GG for in-store matching. The shade I was looking at online was actually too light on me and too yellow. La Mer dude got me #22 Neutral which is an absolutely perfect match on me. Even more perfect than my old HG shade match of YSL B40 (Fusion Ink).
That little Sephora Rouge brush, it can do so much and is so travel friendly. I use it for setting powder under my eye, highlighter, and blush. Sometimes if I have my other brushes, I use it to brush off any fallout or to buff stuff out if I went a little heavy handed. I think that has been my fave Rouge gift to date.
Don't forget the faint aroma of burning garbage.
The Double Tenseur? (With the pink lid?)
Yes. I'm on new BC (it's to help deal with my massively painful cramps) and now my jawline gets monthly hormonal cystic acne and my skin is a tad drier. The dryness might just be with me aging but the acne is definitely hormonal. Kind of a toss up if I want crippling painful periods and clear skin or manageable periods with occasional zits with zip codes along my jawline. I've changed up my skincare routine to deal with the zits but I've also changed up my makeup. Like now I don't reach for powder foundations much unless I'm having a really good skin day. I'm leaning more towards hydrating foundations now. Also I'm starting to become interested in foundations with skincare benefits.
I also got Soft Glam even though I have Nars Wanted palette and there are colors that look similar. I even said I wouldn't get Soft Glam but then I had to declutter and throw away two chalky ass Laura Mercier palettes (artist and Caviar). I decided to get it after my husband gave me a GC so I ended up paying only $5-6 for it. The formula is great and I have no issue with it as a "beginner" with makeup. I don't regret the purchase as I reach for it more than Wanted.
I'm combo/dehydrated, sensitive with hormonal acne. I've used both DE Framboos and SR GG and for myself I found my skin did better with GG than Framboos. I feel it doesn't really help with my current acne but it helps with texture issues stemming from it. I feel like my skin gets smoother quicker with GG and is milder. I don't get that stinging feeling as much. I don't use either every day btw - I do my AHA every 2-3 days. If you want to deal with current acne I'd recommend looking into a BHA to use alternately in your routine.
Anessa Sensitive Milk (SPF35) in a baby blue bottle. It is the silkiest sunscreen I have ever used. My skin feels stupid velvety that I find myself constantly touching it. lol It will feel greasy initially but then it dries down nicely to the touch. On days when my skin is being a butthead I'll pop it on.
Ow! And for 1.6oz (under 50ml) of product. Man, at that price you can buy DE Protini x3 (150ml total).
&gt; I liked the PSAs about sales, in-depth reviews and the very few interesting concepts. That was my main purpose in going to that sub but all that is drowned by the selfies. :(
I think it might be relative to how much joy a product sparks. I have two personal examples: **Amorepacific Sleep Recovery Masque** *(skincare, sleeping pack)* - This thing was $60, expensive for a sleeping pack but I loved the AP CC cushion and the hydration spray so I thought I'd love this. I was so wrong. The signature fragrance for the Moisture Bound line is strongest in this product and while I love that same scent on the cushion, it was too much for a last step skincare product. I begrudgingly used this night after night in an attempt to make it worth my money but it was just so offputting that I eventually threw it away with about 1/5 left in the bottle. **Amorepacific Color Control Cushion** *(makeup, foundation)* - This is also $60 I believe. I get hella sad when I pan this. This is probably my most beloved and fave cushion because I'm all about the dewy look. It's also just so convenient when I'm traveling that I don't need to worry about bottles leaking and what not. I opened a new pack of this and managed to pan it within two weeks of my Ireland trip using it as my foundation and for touch-ups. I also get a sense of frustration with this too because it doesn't last as long as I like but it brings me happiness because I love what it does for me.
Etude House Wine Party Palette (purchased for $15). I got suckered into buying it via the swatches and looks on their marketing material and because well, wine. Haha! The two glitter shades are totally hard pan now and I can't fish it out with a dry or wet brush so I've given up on them. The other colors are lovely and great for fall but they do follow that Korean aesthetic of washed out color/pigment. That part I don't mind since I like subtle looks but the glitter being hard pan is what bugs me since I like a bit of sparkle to top off my eye look. Typically I also like to stick to one palette, meaning I don't go into other palettes for other colors, when doing my eyeshadow. IDK why but I think it might stem from me having owned only one palette for a very long time.
* Cushion foundation (either AP CC #204, YSL le Cushion B40, or La Mer Lifting #23 Warm Vanilla) - none of these need setting powder! * Laura Mercier Caviar Eye Stick - Rose Gold * Anastasia Tinted Brow Gel - Espresso * Nars Blush - Deep Throat * Bite Beauty Liquified Lip - Chutney This is about as neutral almost no makeup as it gets when I need to rush out the door. I did this look/routine a lot when I went back to work after maternity leave and having to drop a kid off at school and another at daycare. The weekends were my take-your-sweet-time makeup routines. :P
Wow... and it's only .3oz of product. With a full pump you'd go through that in no time!
I want to rave about foundation from skincare - La Mer Soft Fluid Foundation. I had purchased the Lifting Cushion when I got a $50 credit to use and when I got a $75 gift card I decided to take the plunge with the liquid foundation so that I could use the cushion for on-the-go. It plays so nicely and beautifully with my Amorepacific Natural Protector SPF35 sunscreen and as a bonus, it's a foundation I don't have to set with powder. The funny thing is I've been on the search for a new HG foundation since YSL discontinued my old HG, Fusion Ink. Not only was it my HG in formula but also shade match and longevity/wear-test. My skin falls in a weird space where I'm yellow/golden/warm toned but only ever slightly that some foundations pull too yellow or too orange on me. That's where YSL's B (neutral) line was perfect for me. With La Mer, #22 Neutral was such a perfect shade match that when the rep brushed it onto my skin with the foundation brush, it just melted in and disappeared onto my skin and evened out of skintone. It had cancelled out the mild redness I got from huffing up from the train station to the store. XD I initially didn't want to get this foundation because 1) that full price hurts and 2) I thought it was a matte finish and matte doesn't look good on me anymore. If this week's foundation test goes well I will definitely add this to my small rotation of foundations (but only purchase it on promo when a replacement buy is in order).
I have combo/dehydrated skin but since it's colder weather here where I live, my skin has been a little drier than usual. Unfortunately I would not recommend the La Mer Cushion if you have really oily skin. T_T I don't feel it has that mattifying staying power like YSL All Hours or Laura Mercier Flawless Fusion (in that battle I find that YSL stays together better). However the YSL le Cushion might be okay on your oily skin since it can dry down pretty dry and holds up well to oils and humidity. I think Liah Yoo has oily skin and she did a review of the YSL le Cushion if you wanna check it out. For the La Mer cushion, I find on my skin by mid-day my oils are peeking on my nose and inner cheek area the most and then on my forehead and chin. I find if I use Farmacy Green Screen sunscreen, which somehow controls my oil production a little better, the oil slick by mid-day is less than it usually is. For myself I'd use La Mer during winter months and YSL during hotter months. (Haven't had the ability to test La Mer in hot weather yet.) For the Bite Liquified it stays really well on me. I have dry lips so it kinda sticks on me but doesn't dry out my lips which is a problem for me for most lip products. When I look at my lip stash, I have all full size Liquified and only DS sizes for the Amuse Bouche bullet ones. Only setback with the Liquified is that it gets on my teeth so often.
I have not but I will look it up! The glitters in that palette go so well with the rest of the colors.
Yeah, the skincare is just beyond me. I am completely happy with my predominately COSRX-DE-Iope-AP-DJ+ skincare routine. For the La Mer powders, I am not too much of a fan of the pressed version. It really mattifies which isn't a good look on me but I can see why it gets hella praise. At some point I'd like to try and get a sample of the loose version and see how it goes with the liquid foundation. Right now I'm content using the Laura Mercier Translucent and kinda interested in trying the Charlotte Tilbury one once I pan my loose powder (which is soon). I just need something that is weightless, doesn't completely mattify, doesn't alter the color, and doesn't become cakey.
Right?! Even Michele Wang has more subs than her but I feel makeup is more in Mel's wheelhouse because she used to be a MAC artist. (I'm a fan of both and am subscribed to both.)
For me getting that glass skin look is about well hydrated skin and it starts the night before: * Double cleanse - wash off sunscreen/makeup. Typically with Sulwhasoo Cleansing Oil and then second cleanser is the white DE bar. * Active (acid) - I will alternate between BHA (COSRX Two in One Poreless Power Liquid) and my AHA (Sunday Riley Good Genes). I never use both on the same night. I find doing this minimizes irritation on my skin. * FTE - I use Iope Bio Essence. The older formula which was more watery was my HG and luckily enough the newer formula, has more viscosity, still achieves the same thing for my skin. This version is a lot more hydrating in feel than the previous formula. * Serum + face oil - I take my DE B Hydra serum and mix in two drops of face oil. Eminence Facial Recovery Oil for when I need more moisturizing and healing (from hormonal acne) or DE Marula (for every day moisturizing). It's usually after this step that I see that glass skin look. * Moisturizer - DE Protini for my last step most nights. If my skin really needs a moisture boost I'll top it off with a sleeping pack. The next morning I'll wash my face with the exfoliating DE bar (brown gray one) then do the same steps as the evening routine pretty much except my last step is using a hydrating sunscreen (Amorepacific Natural Protector SPF35). XD Or if I don't use a hydrating sunscreen, I'll use a hydrating primer like the Bobbi Brown Face Base. Then for makeup I'll just use a foundation that lends itself to have some radiance or dewiness; one that I can get away with not setting with powder. If I'm feeling a little extra I'll top off my makeup with the Tatcha Dewy Skin mist.
If I could only name one product it'd be the **Hourglass Unlocked Palette**. The two blush shades and the highlighter are my jam. I just think it's the best HG palette they've come out with since they started making palettes of their popular powders. Honorable mention would be the Milk Makeup Kush Mascara. It is so smooth and doesn't clump on me. I read that people have experienced fallout/flaking with it but I haven't as long as I stay with two coats. Also it doesn't weigh my lashes down which is great!
Can't kill what is already dead. ~_~
I agree with you. Ike's was *the* place for gourmet sandwiches 10+ years ago but now there are so many more hipster-esque and gourmet sandwich places that no one can really get excited for another Ike's. I remember at the original location you'd be waiting 45mins-1hour for your sandwich cause it actually took time to make it but when I experienced their sandwich in Cupertino, it didn't have that "magic". Maybe I've just eaten too many of them. :P
Testerkorea, roseroseshop, and Jolse are my go-to for various kbeauty items. I like Jolse for the fact they factor in shipping with the price and you get "free shipping". The other two do shipping by weight so you gotta play around sometimes with the weight of your order. I buy my DJ+ from KR even though it takes 2-3 weeks to get here. Get it for a whole lot cheaper!
**What I'm Not Gonna Buy:** * *Natasha Denona Gold palette* - while I love all the shades in this palette I just cannot get over the price. Also I'm on a replacement buy only having minimized my eyeshadow palette to two palettes in an effort to have what I feel I can actually consume in a reasonable timeframe (1-2 years). ATM I have the NARS Wanted and ABH Soft Glam. I never really stray from neutral looks both when it's simple and when it's glam-ish. * *Any more lip sticks (liquid or bullet)* - I am totally living the DS life ATM because I'm working through the lip products I have through Sephora Play and the ones I get from GWP. I think I have enough in my stash to keep me going for a year. We'll see what still keeps but dang, companies sure do like to give away reds. **Wishlist:** * *La Prairie Cellular Treatment Loose Powder* - I just want this. Mostly because it comes in a bougie ass travel size when you buy the full size. I try to justify it in my mind that you get more product vs the La Mer The Powder but I don't need a setting powder atm since I still have some in my stash (mostly deluxe sizes) to go through. If I go through my DS powders I may be able to purchase this by next summer.
Probably a slim chance but did you scan any of the cars nearby if they had dashcams? Some dashcams stay on even when parked and record when motion is detected and such.
In the state of California you can legally mount a dashcam in your private vehicle with restrictions to keep in mind (placement, recording capabilities, etc).
Short answer and situational - yes. My friend had his dashcam footage used in a case where a group had broken into a bunch of cars in a plaza in the South Bay. The perpetrators had parked their rental UHaul in front of his car (which he tends to park in reverse) so his front dash cam recorded them breaking into a few cars and bringing the belongings into the back of the van. He had to go to court to testify and all this jazz. His dash cam records when certain events happen - motion detection and event (like if someone hits his car).
I've been on the hunt for another good concealer to use mostly for my undereye area. I was looking into one of the Allure Best ones the *Cle de Peau Beaute Concealer*, the stick one. I had read that it's creamy and thick and thinking it would work well for my skin, I tried it in store. I'm glad I did instead of ordering it online because it was hella dry on my skin. It dragged and looked worse than Shape Tape on me and the fact that a $70 concealer was performing so bad on my face, I newp'd out of buying that one. The SA did show me the click pen one (Radiant Corrector for Eyes) and it worked way better than the stick. It reminded me of my ole faithful YSL eclat pen but with less radiance and more coverage. I noticed with the pen, I didn't really have to put the peach/orange color corrector if I didn't want to because it offered sufficient coverage. Now would I buy this again? Maybe. I got this one cause I had a coupon/promo so I didn't pay full price and I wanted to try it.
I'm the opposite - the mineral veil primer was garbage on me and with my darker skin left some really weird whitecast. :( I wanted to love it especially after a friend of mine gifted it to me. I know they do cop a lot of crap especially when they release their $80 holiday palette. People say it's overpriced because they calculate per oz vs other factors like convenience and variety. If I were to think of an overrated item of theirs it'd have to be the tube foundations.
Oooooh. I loved the MUACJD thread on this cause it was interesting what were the best and worst for others. Here are my best and worst: **Best:** * *Amorepacific Natural Protector SPF35* - I tried a sample of this from Sephora but never got around to buying it then because I had a few bottles of Biore to work through. Now that my stash of sunscreen has dwindled I went and got this during the Rouge sale. I think it worked out for the best because the weather is colder now so my skin gets drier. This sunscreen feels like a moisturizer which I love (kinda like DE one) and it doesn't irritate my skin. The only downside is the fragrance. it's not terribly strong but it's noticeably there. It's the signature Moisture Bound floral fresh scent and maybe just as strong a scent as the cushion but not the sleeping masque. I would purchase this again and maybe try and get my hands on the SPF50 version for the summer. * *Dr. Jart+ Cicapair Calming Gel Cream* - Bought this in KR during a layover coming home and I have to say, I love it. The regular Cicapair cream in the metal tube was too thick for me. This was the case for me for the Ceramidin cream also; the regular was too thick but the Gel-Cream, which was my HG but now discontinued, was perfect. This Cicapair Gel Cream soothes the instant it touches my face and after it's sunk in and absorbed, my face is noticeably less red. * *La Mer Lifting and Firming Mask* - F%ck! I've been using this for 4 days since I got it last weekend (generous 2-mini jar sample from the La Mer counter at Bloomingdale's) and it's made a noticeable difference on my inner cheek part where my pores are largest. :( I haven't had the need to use a pore filling primer for the past few days because this sleeping pack did a good job of firming the area coupled with the fact I've been keeping my skin well hydrated. You put it on before your last step, wait 8 minutes, then top it with your last moisturizer. The next day you just rinse it off. I like this but I'll wait until I finish the second mini jar to see if I love it enough to buy it. If I were Gollum, this mask is my Precious. :P **Worst:** * *Hanyul Pure Artemisia Fresh Calming Water* - I hate this mist so much. So very, very much. It's the scent of this that did me in. In Filipino culture *sampaguita* (a type of [jasmine flower](https://www.theflowerexpert.com/content/aboutflowers/tropicalflowers/sampaguita)) is mostly associated with death because it's commonly used to decorate coffins during wakes/funerals. That is what this mist smells like. It's hydrating, feels nice, and finishes nice but I can't get over the scent. * *COSRX Balancium Ceramide Comfort Cream* - This has a more gel texture than the DJ+ Ceramidin cream. What caught my attention however was the smell which had that distinct essential oil scent. I am not a fan of that. I was also not a fan of how it didn't really sink into my skin and it felt more greasy than anything. I think if I had dry skin it would work better. I don't think I would recommend this for fellow combo skin peeps or oily peeps. * *Farmacy Sleep Tight Firming Night Balm* - It feels like Vaseline. For myself, Vaseline itself doesn't work for me as an occlusive and sleeping mask and this one feels very similar to it. When I wake up in the morning, my face feels and looks greasy/oily. I'm glad I only got this in the travel size from The Mighties set because I would definitely not purchase this FS. This might work for someone who is dry skin also.
My friends and I did a drop test with our cards. The Ritz Carlton rewards makes a real metal clanging sound when dropped, followed by AMEX Plat, then Amazon (which actually sounds more plasticky). Also with weight from heaviest to lightest - Chase RCR &gt; AMEX Plat &gt; Amazon.
So I used to work for a multinational Korean conglomerate with offices on both US coasts and in TX. A story circulated from the top down, on the US side, that a Korean SVP had visited a client in Atlanta and went to dinner with them at a fancy restaurant. Along with the SVP was his underling (a regional VP). Apparently during the course of dinner the VP make a joke/jest against the SVP in the presence of the client in attempt to lighten the mood and be funny or entertaining. The SVP took it really personally, had his VP get on his knees, and he proceeds to beat him with his shoe. SVP got recalled back to KR, damage control went into place. It's rare that it happens but it apparently happens. Where I worked, sexual harassment was more prevalent than physical abuse. -_-
I'm only starting to get into minimalism bit by bit. I've pared down my makeup stash to what I feel are essential to cater to my favorite aesthetics which is mostly natural and neutral with occasional one aspect boldness. So for instance I'd do a nice or dressier eye look but do blush and lipstick minimally. Or do simple eye and blush and do a red lipstick. For my products I'd go with: * Foundation: La Mer Soft Fluid Longwear * Concealer: Laura Mercier Flawless Fusion Longwear * Powder: Laura Mercier Translucent Setting Powder * Eyeshadow palette: ABH Soft Glam * Brow: ABH Brow Wiz * Mascara: Milk Makeup Kush Mascara * Blush: Chantecaille Cheek Shade (Grace, a deep apricot) * Highlighter: Hourglass Ambient Light (Champagne) * Lipstick: Bite Beauty Liquified Lip (Jicama)
I can't pull off matte anymore. It just... it makes my face look flat, accentuates the wrinkles under my eyes and makes me look haggard. I look back at pictures of me in Cover Girl matte makeup and I looked so fresh faced. lol Now I'm all about hydrating sunscreen, hydrating primers, and hydrating foundations. I've embraced dewiness and radiance that I once equated to greasiness. Light reflecting makeup has been my new friend. My undereye eats concealer regularly so now I only dot it instead of doing the ridiculous triangle and using a soaking doe foot of product. Also I've noticed on my shelves I am more skincare oriented now than makeup oriented. I can go without makeup but I can't go through the day without skincare.
I feel another aspect is climate. I have some foundations that work better in the summer than they do in the winter for example. That MJ Tantastic though, it's great all year round. Haha!
It would have to be my new foundation - La Mer Soft Fluid Longwear. Everything about it is nice on me. The shade match, the finish, the way it wears throughout the day... but the smell. *(gag)* It's like the smell of latex and old people. D: I expected it to smell like the La Mer moisturizer for the price point it sits at. :( Even Amorepacific and Sulwhasoo keep the scent consistent from their skincare to their makeup. Same can be said for YSL Stick foundation; it still smells like what Fusion Ink used to smell like. But La Mer? It smells kinda gross.
Right? Someone commented that SR GG smells like a petting zoo to them but to me, I *love* it. (-_-); It smells like lemongrass to me and that's a scent that I like (most things citrus-y). I've read of people also hating the scent of AP CC cushion because it's so strong but I love that scent so much, that when I'm at work and stressed out, I'll pull out my cushion and sniff it to relax.
Right? lol I think I can stretch mine by using a little under one pump and a foundation brush to blend it (as the beautyblender will just soak it up). Also I need to time it so I can get it on promo pricing. I only got a bottle because I received a $75 voucher from Saks. :(
Yes! Not totally matte but not totally dewy (almost wet) either. I kinda wish Cover Girl still had that foundation I used way back when because I'd love to try it out after 20 years. It was the one with a baby blue lid and kinda targeted at teens. I wanna say it had "Clean" in the name and touted oil control. I used to use both the liquid and then the pressed powder. Also coupled with matte, I should have added **baking**. If I attempt to bake my undereye, the crease will just eat up the powder!
I'm about NC25 (right now for winter) and for a nude I go with Bite Beauty Liquified Lip in Whip. It's a warm peach and has a creamy texture. For the bullet version there's Honeycomb, also a warm peachy tone but I feel is lighter than Whip.
Cronuts. Give me a croissant or a donut. Never have I ever looked for one that crosses the two.
Oof. This is loaded question for me especially if I go into Filipino foods. Haha! For me one of the biggest is **[Sisig](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Sisig)**. It is a dish that originated from the province of Pampanga in the Philippines (about two hours north of Manila) that is mainly pork using the jowls, ears, liver, and maybe pork belly. Whenever I travel to PI, I stay at my parents' house which is located in Pampanga but from time to time will hit up Manila. I spent a lot of time eating and learning the cuisine from my mom's home province. It makes my eye twitch when I see a resto promote "Sisig Kapampangan" and it has like mayo in it. No. That's "Sisig Manila". True sisig from Pampanga does not have mayo in it or an egg over it. I feel they make the adjustment to make it more appealing but the thing is, if you get sisig right in its' original recipe, it's all the appeal it needs! Runner-up I was going to mention **adobo** but the tricky part there is that different regions in Philippines have their own take on it. For me adobo will always be: meat, vinegar, soy sauce, crushed garlic, a bit of pepper, and a bay leaf. That's it. No sugar, no garlic powder, no anything else!
Yes. It started in NYC and I believe they charge $5-6 for one.
There are days I look at my front page and I mistake a MUA post for a MUACJ one. Yes, this sub has ruined many pores/sweaties.
I am willing to give that a try but hopefully it isn't sweet like glazed donut sweet. That's the one thing I don't do when it comes to desserts is the sickly sweet kind of taste.
This really fries my bacon. My husband and I went through the permit process and to get our permit to turn our 2/1 into 4/3, it took us 4 months from the first time going into the planning office. It's guys like that that ruin it for families like mine that just want to upgrade a very old house that is our forever home.
[A set of Hakuhodo eye brushes](https://imgur.com/a/CiXEwu7). The three Laura Mercier eyebrushes in the pic are 10 years old and my only eye brushes. I did well with my stocks this year so I decided to live a little and finally upgrade my eyeshadow brushes. I love those LM brushes to death and they don't make them like that anymore. :( The newer LM brushes don't feel as nice. I've had them for a few days and they're still in the plastic packaging. They're just so pretty to look at. lol
I've been there before. BF dumped me and I lost the will to cook. Lost the will to take care of myself for the first couple days after the breakup. Even ate like crap. I used to make bomb Filipino food when I lived with my housemates. I lived off ice cream and junk food. Couldn't even be bothered to make steamed rice and get KFC. At one point my housemate brought me home country fried steak, mashed potatoes, and corn so I could have a proper meal. What I did to get back to myself - I went and ate out by myself. I went to places where I could see people preparing/cooking food. You could imagine I sat at a good few sushi bar seatings. hehe It was cathartic. Going to eat out helped me from eating junk food to wanting to eat good food again to wanting to cook the good food I'd make at home. It doesn't have to be expensive or fancy places either. Part of recovery for me was exploring new places and new dishes. And if that doesn't do the trick, maybe start with Doordash and binge watch Chef's Table, The Final Table, Ugly Delcious - programs where people are cooking and talking about their passion.
Oh no! Yeah, I was talking to the LM rep at the Nordstrom counter as she was matching me for a concealer and when she asked me if I had their brushes, I mentioned I have the 10 year old ones. She said to never throw them away and that she still has hers and still reaches for them over the new ones they gave her (at home for personal use, not use at the counter). I think it they brought them back it would so back up there with the top brushes.
From left to right: * G5514 - dense pointed pencil brush. I was planning to use this to add glittery eyeshadow in the inner corner on my eye. * B5507 - lay down brush. I am so so happy with this one. It's very much like my LM lay down brush except it's a little wider. * J220 - base color brush. This eyeshadow brush is an absolute unit. It's big enough to applybase color all over my lid area. lol * J242 - lay down brush. * G5513 - small flat brush. I got this for more precise application of eyeshadow like along the lower lash line or inner corner of my eye (but that might be where I use the 5514). * J146 - crease brush. This is smaller than the J142 and good for those with smaller lid space or want to do more detailed work. I didn't realise how small it was so I might end up getting the J142 as well. * J5523 - blending brush. This is the one that's apparently comparable to the MAC 217 (I don't own the MAC one though). * J5529 - another blending brush. It starts off tapered but apparently with use will fluff up and out so I'm hoping it'll mimic my LM Pony Tail. However it os only 2/3 as tall as the LM one so I need to go back and see if they have a bigger one that I can get. [Here](https://www.reddit.com/r/Fude/comments/4se7p7/brand_directory_and_buying_guide_hakuhodo/) is an archived reddit post about buying Hakuhodo I found. I used the other links in the post to reference brushes. Sonia G's own blog post really helped too because she puts the brushes side by side for comparison. After seeing the brushes in person I know now I should have also gotten the J142 and G5522. I will also probably be picking up the G5528 as a dupe for my LM crease brush.
I honestly wish they'd bring them back but then again, cost-wise Hakuhodo work out to be cheaper because LM is now charging about $30/brush where as you can get certain Hakuhodo brushes from $17 to $30. :\
**Biggest regret purchase:** *Giorgio Armani Face Fabric Second Skin foundation* - Feels like a silicone-y mousse. It's like Benefit Porefessional but fluffier and without the porefilling benefit. In selfies you will get some blurring effect but in person, it doesn't look so good. :( Then after a few hours depending on the climate, it starts to kinda slide off and accentuate pores. T_T **Biggest non-regret item:** *La Prairie Skin Caviar Concealer Foundation* - I swear watching BGs play with high-end makeup is dangerous. I watched Tati and J* try it. I almost bought into it but Tati made some good points that there are other comparable foundations without the insane price tag. Like for the price of one I could get two bottles of the La Mer I recently tried/discovered. I'm gonna stick with my replacement buy only and when I run out of La Mer *and* I get some good promo or GC, then *maybe* I might go temporarily insane and buy this. Maybe.
The dude wasn't building the house for himself/his family. He was building it solely for profit and being dishonest about it during the permit process and rubbed it in the neighbors' faces about getting away with it. Since when do we sympathize with dick behavior?
I see you too have had massive exposure to those lazy shitlords. Whatever happened to personal autonomy right? No, they want to be spoonfed and not put an ounce of effort into it. This was very much a trend in /r/AB too. It irritated a lot of the OG folk over because with the growing popularity people just started showing up and asking for people to create a personal routine for them and tell them what order to put these 234 products they ordered from Korea.
You decided to disregard the OP's sentiment of "I'm all for building more housing..." and I agree with him/her. There is a right way and wrong way about doing it and the contractor neighbor decided to go the dick-ish route of being deceptive. He could have been honest, posted the notice, and held meetings with his neighbors about his intentions to create housing for students with stipulations that he'd have house rules as to not mar the quietness of the street. There are issues though with the current way permitting is done and those need to be addressed, I'll give it that but that's also because people are a-holes who try to abuse the system like this guy. Bait and switch at its finest.
Wut? So you can't tell me if I do it before or after I shove the Bee Venom up my butt? You guyz are so mean!!!!11
For real? Isn't that what GW is for? -_-
And that it's made as a standalone post; not even posted in the Daily Help Thread. I guess they made a post about it cause they don't see the guides in the sidebar or there isn't a guide for suncreens there. Side-note: Did the sub count go down for AB? I haven't active in that sub for a year or two after the egotistical mod team drama happened.
In a nutshell: New mod was added. New mod implemented changes subscribers wanted. New mod gets kicked off mod team. Original lazy-ass mod team goes into spiel new mod "destroyed" the sub. OG AB crowd abandon ship. I believe [this is the subreddit drama thread for it](https://www.reddit.com/r/SubredditDrama/comments/6blg2y/is_this_mod_post_fake_andor_contaminated_users/).
I recently discovered shower oil too after my SiL mentioned she loved the L'Occitane Almond gift set I got her. I decided to try the Shea Butter one and it's helped my very dry skin a lot. I usually get this really bad flaking along my shins and the Gentle Milk soap wasn't cutting it like it did during the summer. I added shower oil to my routine, after doing scrub first, and my skin feels more supple and smoother. It emulsifies a bit and rinses off really well but still leaves some moisture. It doesn't have that oily-sticky feeling that I'd get from the Bumblebee scrub/oil. i ended up throwing it away because it was so hard to rinse off! The L'Occitane Shower Oil bottle looks tiny but I don't need much to get my dry areas taken care of.
Basically. She refused to speak ill of them because they supported her through her rising career or something. That totally turned me off to wanting to go to her concert here in the US. (And I used to be a huge fan of hers when I was younger and she became the singing voice of Princess Jasmine.) :\
So I had issues when I first moved and suffered dry, itchy, and flaky scalp from the weather. My friend suggested I use Head &amp; Shoulders which worked perfect. Now though my scalp is getting crazy oily. Like I'll wash my hair Monday and Tuesday morning I notice that it's pretty oily. :( Am I just at a point where I need to just wash my hair every day? I used to be able to get away with washing it every other day or every two days. Or can I extend my no-wash by using a dry shampoo?
I reach more for my liquid lipsticks than I do my bullets. Looking at my stash too the bullets are DS ones that came with GWP or Sephora Play. The only FS liquid lips I have are all Bite Beauty - both the regular collection and Unearthed one. I just love the formula and color on me.
So from The Widowmaker you're going The Hunt for Red October? (j/k) Did the inspection dudes break your lock/zip? Hopefully the rest of your trip goes better now that the bad stuff has gone down. Maybe grab a yummy bite to eat somewhere to take your mind off things.
**Missed the mark:** * MAC's Alliyah collection. You just look at the colors and it doesn't evoke memories of Aaliyah's sultry, smokey, and sexy aesthetics. I expected more of the late 90s - early 2000s reds and some bomb eyeliner from MAC. * KVD. Purely from a marketing and branding standpoint. Shot herself into the foot over her controversies and probably has impacted adoption of her products. If I were Sephora, I'd drop that woman and rebrand with iono, Dita Von Teese. * Beautyblender and their Bounce Foundation. Love, love, love this foundation when I got a sample to try it for a few days. It's on my list to buy closer to summer since my face wants more hydrating foundations atm for winter. Where they missed this was that I felt they had too many shade variations at the light end and not equally distributed at the darker end of the shade range. **Brands/Releases that shined:** * Hourglass Unlocked palette. Every shade in this palette is a win for me and I think they did a really good job on the this than any other Holiday HG palette they've released. I actually think this is better than the Ambient Vol 4 one. * MJ Tantastic Bronzer (being made permanent). I give praise to this bronzer because it's so makeup newb friendly. I can go pretty lighthanded and not mess up my look and the color is just spot on; Not muddy or orange.
No kidding. I mean, [good Lord that lipstick, eyeliner, and flawless finish](https://1l045q3arhfy34hts1o7giah-wpengine.netdna-ssl.com/wp-content/uploads/2018/02/dita_von_teese_1000_669.jpg). They wouldn't need a super expansive line either at the start. Just focus on a few key items and make them really awesome. Make the formula awesome, make the quality awesome. If they did it for Rihanna, they can do it for DVT (wow that acronym is kinda bad).
Yeah. :( I forgot to mention the Padma Lakshmi collab as well. She is a fave star of mine since season 1 of Top Chef so when I heard she was coming out with a collab with MAC, I got excited and was ready to break my no-buy with MAC. I thought I was gonna get a whole Hell lot of warm tone eyeshadow and blushes and lipsticks but they weren't for the most part. There were a lot of cool toned stuff that I personally felt would not work for my warm toned skin. But I felt MAC didn't do justice more to Aaliyah so I picked that as the bigger miss.
Hamster wheel.
Farmacy Green Screen is my favorite physical sunscreen. It does look like it'd leave a white cast but it doesn't once you spread it out and pat/rub it in (I'm NC25, combo/dehydrated). I find also my skin is a lot calmer when I use this compared to my newer Biore Watery Gel. I mean I don't get redness from the Biore but the Farmacy seems to calm whatever mild redness I do have. I think I'm on my 4th or 5th repurchase of this sunscreen. In terms of compatibility with makeup, it plays pretty dang well with just about anything. I do find since it's winter and my skin tends to feel drier, that this + matte/non-hydrating foundations can sometimes look a little clingy and dry around my usual dry patch areas. If I use this sunscreen + AP cushion (dewy/moist), it's just fine. It does some work with oil control on my face which is interesting.
**Color Corrector:** *GA Master Corrector (Apricot/Peach)* - This I guess would fall under a project pan kind of thing. Even if I don't do a full face I still use this plus concealer to cover my dark undereye circles. Lovely corrector and would repurchase. I think I'd like to try a different product after though just for something new. **Concealer:** *LM Flawless Fusion Longwear Concealer (2W1)* - I think this one is going to be hard to replace because it wears so well for me at application and throughout the day. **Foundation:** *La Mer The Soft Fluid Long Wear Foundation SPF20 (#22 - Neutral)* - I think this will be the last day of my week long (or longer) foundation test. It's time to go back to my less expensive foundations for everyday wear and use this on the weekends when I go out. It's pretty much proven that I don't need to use a primer with this and when my natural oils peek through, it still looks good and makes my face look more natural. I hope it will last me a good while because I only use one pump for my face regardless if I use a dense brush or a beautyblender. I thought I'd want more coverage (closer to full) but I like what it covers and what it shows with just one layer/pump. Also it's a plus that I don't need to set it with powder. **Eyeshadow:** *NARS Wanted* - I managed to use 6 shades in the palette to create my neutral eye look today and I love it. Before I kinda limited myself to maybe 3-4 shades at most cause I only had 3 eye brushes. Now that I hve my new set of eyebrushes I can add more detail and color to my eye look. I think I kinda messed up by not using eyeshadow primer cause my upper eyelid is just eating up the shimmer in the crease. Bah humbug! **Blush:** *Tarte Amazonian Clay 12H Blush (Paaarty!)* - How do people pan a full size of this?! I have the DS from the birthday set last year and have yet to make a noticeable dent in it. I love it though and it's such a go-to blush for a natural look. I recently bought the Chantecaille Cheek Shade (Grace - Turtle) but that'll be a special occasion or weekend kind of blush. **Lipstick:** *Tarte Color Splash Hydrating Lipstick (Set Sail) + ABH Lip Gloss (Kristen)* - I am a compulsive lip picker. Having some lip product on my lips prevent me from picking because I hate the tacky feeling on my fingers. The combo of this hydrating lipstick and lip gloss leave my lips feeling well hydrated, moist, but not super sticky. Works out perfectly to a MLBB shade.
Congrats - this is the selfie that finally made me unsubscribe from MUA. I am now a sweaty pore.
I second the Humboldt Fog and Fromager d'Affinois. I'd also like to add [Cowgirl Creamery Mt. Tam](https://www.cowgirlcreamery.com/our-cheeses/mt-tam) and [Stepladder Creamery's Ragged Point](https://www.cowgirlcreamery.com/library-of-cheese/ragged-point) - both are delicious when you drizzle a bit of honey on them making them a great starter for those who are not a fan of cheese but look for something a little sweet. Personally I like them both plain and when I'm in the mood, with honey (on a cracker or baguette).
WG's video on foundation brush also changed my mind about the BB. I did a week of foundation brush with my new foundation and yesterday I went back and tried it with the BB and found how much product it soaked up. It was horrifying to see that much La Mer Soft Fluid just sitting there in the BB. I think I'll continue to use my BB for blending in my color corrector and concealer but not for my foundation. I find with my dense foundation brush I can get away with using less than one full pump of my foundation but with a BB I have to use about 1.5 pump. As for Zoeva brushes, I believe the 110 Face Shape Brush is one Lisa Elridge's favorites. She uses it for primer, concealer, foundation, contouring, highlighting, blush. It seems like a hella versatile brush to have for it's super good price point. I can't recall but I believe either Lisa or Michele (Wang) use some Zoeva eye brushes as well. I think there are some great value sets if they fill gaps in your brush collection.
I was hoping for such a thing so I didn't have to solely do MUE for swapping. I got a bunch of Sephora Play I'd like to swap for other stuff. Good to know!
You're welcome! If you like Wayne Goss, you might like her content as well. She is so insightful and gives such great tips for real makeup application and use. I watched a couple of her videos where she used the Zoeva 110 for so many things I was in awe of her multipurpose usage style. Like she can't be bothered to reach for 100 different brushes.
LV doesn't have a commission structure with their sales; at least not when I worked luxury retail a few years ago. They are awarded bonuses for meeting individual/team/store goals. Store managers are salaried while SAs are hourly. I worked at a blue-box-white-ribbon company and befriended an SA at a neighboring LV. My previous employer was commission based but in different tiers - (not actual rates but as an example) platinum/diamond would get you 2.5%, gold 4%, sterling silver 5%, homeware 8%. Right before I left they changed the commission structure to how much you met your goal. So if you met 100% of your goal, you get the full payout of each %age tier. If you fell short, the %age per tier went down to say 2%, 3.5%, etc. If you went 110% then you get 100% payout + bonus.
I love Bite. Like, the only full size lip products I own are Bite Liquid lip products (Whip, Chutney, Puree, Chicory, Jicama, and Arrowroot) and I have a bunch of the bullet ones in DS from their kits. I will reach for those over any GA or YSL or Tom Ford I have because the formula is so bomb for my chronically dry lips and the colors sit so well on me. The Crystal collection that's coming out, it... doesn't look good. :\ It's like, I'd rather have a matte-ish finish or a glossy finish but never a glittery/shimmery finish. For just my personal aesthetics I do enough glitter/shimmer with my eyeshadow and highlighter that I don't want my lips to stand out that much.
I would have broken my no buy for a Mini Gold palette. The Mini Nude palette I feel I could come up with a similar look using my ABH Soft Glam + Nars Wanted.
Man, I hope it's because they're getting new colors and not discontinuing it. :( I love the bullets but the liquid feels more hydrating (at least for myself). If they do discontinue it, I'll just stick with my Pepper, Chai, and Verbena.
Yes! I was so stoked when I saw Sephora was going to carry them but then when I saw the price tags it let me down. Dr. Jart+ is like, upper drugstore level in KR but the way they priced them in US is so premo. That's why I either wait until I travel to/through KR or order it from KR. Downside is that shipping takes 2+ weeks but at least I don't pay x2.
Yep! Sephora has the color changing one (Re-Cover), the serum, and camo drops (liquid form of the re-cover), and the regular thick cream. I'm also certain they carry the sleeping pack too that comes in single use sachets (but I always get two uses out of one sachet).
I'm a filthy casual when it comes to Korean ramen. I eat the spicy Shin (?) one from time to time and that toes my limit. How does this one compare? Also, what happened to you?
My only regret is that I can upvote your comment only once. Negging is one of the worst methods to get someone to buy your skincare/makeup products IMO. About 2-3 weeks ago I went to Saks, which I hate making the trek for because I have to cross Union Square, to use my $75 GC. I had polished off my Amorepacific Color Control cushion (can you tell I love cushions) and I wanted to get a replacement so I don't use my La Mer Lifting cushion that often and save it for travelling. I went to the La Mer counter looking to get shade matched for the Soft Fluid foundation and try the powders hoping to get a setting powder. I got matched for the foundation and the SA and I talked about the products. What I thoroughly enjoyed about my experience at the La Mer counter was that: * He asked me what my skincare and makeup concerns were and made recommendations accordingly. * He gave me his honest opinion of what was good/worth it in the skincare and makeup product lines. He explained the pressed powder is too matte for what I was looking for and that I should explore more radiant powders from other brands. * He broke down what was better for $ to oz value in the different size options available. * He gave me generous samples of new stuff to try. (Like a drug dealer giving you your first hit for free to get you hooked. lol) * Not pushy. No high pressure. I will most of the time opt for online purchasing mostly because I don't have to talk to people but now I have a La Mer dude now. Charlotte Tilbury? I'll happily go to Sephora and do self service.
So a menudo with more sabaw basically?
My husband didn't know what to give for his work White Elephant / Yankee Swap a few years ago so I put something together for him. I still had some Tiffany &amp; Co. packaging tucked away (fancy box, white ribbon, and the small paper bag) and two $15 Starbucks gift cards that I received as a gift but didnt use. I expertly packaged the cards and tied the ribbon and did tissue paper and all that jazz for the paper bag. His gift bag was a hit with being stolen and a shattering disappointment when it was opened. lol 9/10 I'd use that idea again for my own coworkers.
What items did you get? I'm thinking about doing it this year cause I have never done a lucky bag event but kinda wary at the same time. It's an expensive makeup gamble. :P
Filthy casual pore. [You spend your money on your products, not where you store it](https://imgur.com/a/9hBo9Zw).
OMG that happened to me too! I'm an American-born Filipino and I was with my husband (who is Irish born) and my two kiddos (both US born) and this rent a cop barred us from entering until we showed our tickets. I pulled it up on my smartphone and he said he needs hard copies. Then a long like started to form behind us so I unleashed the bitchier side of me. Having lived in PI for 8 years I'm all too familiar with the tedious BS that some systems have. He was probably doing his job but he was also power tripping like an a-hole so I said "Here are my family's tickets on my phone and here are our 4 American passports. We're going home." and I instructed my kids to walk forward along with their Dad. I hate flying through NAIA so much.
I feel like once you're out of the airport and on your merry way to your lodging (in my case my parents' house in the province), it's okay. But when you're in the airport trying to get out (Arrivals) or get in (Departures) it's painful. I might consider flying into CRK next time. Yeah it's nothing fancy as well but it hopefully can't be as bad as NAIA.
I wish they'd just let people come in but fellow Filipinos can't be trusted to follow the rules. :( I mean, in other countries anyone can go to Ticketing and it isn't until Security that it becomes "ticketed passengers only". If IIRC, I didnt have the digital ticketing issue at the newer terminal. This last trip we flew out of the original Terminal (1?).
Oof. I looked - $100-$200 per person. For my family that's $400-$800. Sus, panggastos sa eating out na yun para buong trip.
Great job sticking to the low buy! I empathize with you because I wanted to try the Lucky Bag for the first time but then I thought if I got the XL one, that's a $150 of something that might or might not work for me. I'm the kind of person that reads a lot of reviews and does a bit of research before I buy a skincare/makeup item. Also while I was excited for a lucky bag, I had re-evaluated my recent purchases, almost all replacement buys, and I didn't need anything else. I just wanted it. I think next year, I'll make sure to allot some skincare/makeup budget if I go for it next year.
Yes. Takes a bit of prying but they're easily detachable and the tube twists off. I've used both the smaller midi sizes and the DS sizes.
I only recently became a Beautylish customer with the release of the Wayne Goss Holiday brush and I got the option to sign up for the Early Access so I did. I thought I'd get the XL because well, I like lux. I totally forgot this morning that it was being opened up at 9am. When I clicked the link, all the XL bags were sold out. I didn't feel bummed. I thought about it and I came to the conclusion that: * $150 is an expensive makeup gamble for something that might or might not work for me. * I looked at my stash and there are no gaps that need to be filled. I have my replacement buy setting powder. I have my two eye palettes. I have my two hydrating foundations for winter. I just wanted the bag. * I did feel a bit of FOMO but I feel my buyer's remorse would be harder if I actually bought it. * I could spend the money on something I actually need and have done research on and fit my style and feel happier about it. * If I really want to get the Lucky Bag (next year), then I can save up for it. Not too big a problem as I just cancelled my Sephora Play for 2019.
I might do it next year which will give me ample time consume what I currently have and have room for new things. I took what I would have spent on the XL bag and ordered the Chikuhodo x Beautylish collab brush set since I'm upgrading from my 10 year old Laura Mercier set. -_- Just another +$24 and I have something that I know I want/need and am 100% totally happy with.
So did I! I missed out on the XL Lucky Bag this year cause I totally forgot the 9am access. Felt a bit of FOMO but it passed. Then I got a text from Beautylish about the Chikuhodo collab brush set and I put in my order. I am in the process of upgrading my 10 year old Laura Mercier brush set so this Chikuhodo set seemed like a good deal for a powder brush, cheek, foundation, and eyeshadow. If I try to price a similar set on Hakuhodo it comes out to $215+ not including shipping and sales tax. I don't need some random makeup but I do need some new brushes so I'm hella happy with how it all worked out!
**Bite Beauty Amuse Bouche Liquified Lip** This formula is such a lifesaver for me for a couple reasons. I'm a chronic lip picker. When I feel like my lip is gonna peel, I'll start peeling. It's a terrible habit and I found that if I have a lip product on my lips I will less likely pick at it. This formula from Bite though, it does a great job of keeping my lips moisturized and it keeps my fingers off my lips because I hate getting tacky stuff on my fingers. The pigment is great and it lasts a good while on my lips. I never expect super long wear on my lip products cause I'm constantly drinking and eating so retouching it isn't a big deal. I love the doe foot applicator which gets the edges so clean and I find it doesn't feather on me (so yay no need for a lip pencil). The bad, I think they're discontinuing it because it's on sale. :(
I've never seen it happen on my street or the other avenues where trans cans are placed on the street. They're always up on the sidewalk next to parallel parked cars.
I don't own any of the palettes but I do have the Light Wonder foundation and the pressed powder and it does make me feel old school Hollywood glam when I open them. I think moreso with the powder because for the price vs amount of product, I feel like a celebrity blowing money. lol (But it is an amazing setting powder. Would buy again.)
Yes. I brought my bro and his wife there when I was in Vegas and it's really fun. They'll ask you if you're right handed or left handed so they provide you with the proper clubs. It really doesn't matter a whole lot if you're a great golfer but it does help when you wanna aim for certain point holes. lol They have a good offering of food and drinks which I like. I would definitely go again. (I'm a beginner golfer.)
I did Sephora Play for exactly a year and cancelled a few weeks ago. I'm not going to do it for 2019. It was more disappointing than exciting for me. I found that outside of Sephora Play, I'd get the Luxe boxes (damn it I missed the latest one!) and I was way happier with the products in those. So for 2019 I will only do the one-time Luxe box purchases. There's just way too many variations in the regular Play box that I get frustrated/disappointed when I get a different box. The Luxe box at least will list out the brand and kind of products in the box which I really like. I think there was one Luxe box (Vol 2) this year that I skipped because I didn't fancy what they had for that. I would love to try Allure but currently I am working through my stash and going through MUR. XD When I have a much smaller stash I'll sign up for that via Amazon (since I get 5% cash back using my Amazon card).
Man, I lived in Cupertino up until this past Aug-Sept when I moved and the ND for VallCo and the surrounding areas was absolute cancer. There were the old timer residents that said "no" to everything about housing and then there were the few that were for housing. Unfortunately the "no" crowd outnumbered the "yes" crowd and the discussions spiralled into dumpster fire arguments. ND in Cupertino demonstrates why some old people don't belong on the internet. There were a handful of oletimers that understood change and they had the sense to say they'd sell at a high price and move somewhere quiet like Oregon but then there were the psychotic few who wanted to bring Cupertino back to the small town it was in the 70s-80s. No one was good enough to live in Cupertino except them. I mean, SF is not that open as well when it comes to housing development but Cupertino was a special circle of Hell. Between a dodgy developer (Sand Hill Properties) and a-hole neighbors, it was a mess.
Happy cake-day XL-bag-missing-brush-getting twin! :P I am super happy with the brush set for sure. I had a bunch of other brushes saved on a wishlist like the La Mer Powder Brush for powder and a Dior brush for blush but since discovering fude, I really wanted to go down that rabbit hole. I think i am most happy with the foundation brush. I'll be on the hunt now for a similar style foundation brush and I've seen Lisa Eldridge use a similar style with the Zoeva 110 or Michele Wang with the Smashbox Cream Cheek brush.
I hate to recommend this one because the $ to product weight absolutely blows - Charlotte Tilbury Airbrush Flawless Finish Skin Perfecting Micro Powder. I have combo/dehydrated skin and prone to dry patches around my mouth and my cheeks (like where blush and bronzer sit) and this powder just sits beautifully and doesn't cake up.
I have a few: * *Replacement Buy Only*. This will go for makeup, skincare, hair, and body products. This will keep my makeup and skincare inventory in check and will prevent me from overbuying and having too many products before I can get through them in a timely manner. Shopping my stash will be a big thing for 2019. * *Dye my hair*. I dyed my hair when I was working a year ago. My goal is to get a job and get my hair dyed again. I loved having a bold color (it was a warm, bright, dark red) that felt fun but not inappropriate for the office environment. * *Fix my piercings*. Kinda let my ear piercings closed so I'm gonna go get them re-pierced.
Saying that new housing will invite low-income uneducated people into Cupertino and they don't want that. Saying that new housing will invite prostitution. Saying that the black dude walking down the sidewalk is suspicious (turned out to be a neighbor's son-in-law). I can understand where you comment comes from but you'd understand my comment as well if you lived it.
&gt; Ever have your favorite jeans manufacturer change their cut? Yep, found a different brand. &gt; Favorite soda company change their formula? Yep, went from Pepsi to Coke. &gt; Favorite grocery store stops carrying your favorite granola? Sure, then I found 365 Oats and Honey Granola. &gt; Favorite coffee shop change their every day drip brew? Oh Hell yeah, started making coffee at home. It's called adapting to change. Some by choice, some not. I understand that there are folk who don't do it as easy and some are just hardset against it. I'm not denying that part. I know people like that. I'm not going to cry from my box for everyone around me and my environment to change to accommodate me; I'll change to adapt to my environment. We moved out of Cupertino because it no longer suited us and if ever SF doesn't suit us, we'll find somewhere else that does. The issue for me with said neighbors is that there is no balance or compromise with them. That's how they find themselves now with SB35 invoked by a dodgy as Hell developer. It's really difficult to get my point across but such is the way of internet interactions I suppose. When you hear someone at a city/town meeting be vocal and say "what about my property value?" when there is need for housing for low-income and civil employees (firemen, police, teachers), it irks you at the kind and lack of humanity and empathy people have. A sort of "Screw you I got mine but you can't have yours" kind of thing. I do get your point but you shouldn't be so quick to assume that everyone doesn't like change or are uncomfortable with it.
Context is also important. I can understand and agree if they were fighting a developer for a 30 story building in Cupertino. That has no place in Cupertino. SF sure but not a town where the tallest building is like 40' or something. A lot of what these people are fighting for is baseless. "Our schools are crowded!" - actually no, it's on the decline because new/young families can't move in. "It'll bring criminals to the area!" - what ghetto criminal is gonna be able to afford $3k-$6k rent in Cupertino? "But I don't want uneducated people living near me!" - classist much? There are right ways and wrong ways to go about bringing change or preventing drastic change from happening. Unfortunately the way it has been done in Cupertino has been mostly wrong from so many aspects. Also, "as good as it gets"? I'm sure that's what most people think when they past by VallCo mall. That thing *is* a blight. But who am I to say right? I'm just some schmuck on the internet. :)
Nah. There are some things in your control and some things that are out of your control (when a company decides to discontinue something). There's no reason to linger over something so trivial like that. I agree with you that there are people who fight for what they historically had but until you've read neighbors who wish the city could be quiet again like the orchard it was once, then you're just straight up getting into crazy talk. Keeping things the same can be great. Change can be great too. It's how you go about it that makes the difference.
**Purchased:** * *Amorepacific Natural Protector SPF35 (sunscreen)* - I got a sample of this in Sephora a while back, tested it, loved it, but never got around to buying it until the $25 off coupon popped up for VIBR hit. I love this sunscreen for wintertime cause it leaves such a hydrating feeling, works well as a base for my makeup and plays friendly with my foundation, and doesn't leave a white cast. When I use this as my last skincare step and my first makeup step, my foundation will not leave dry patches along my mouth and around the cheeks. * *Verb Dry Shampoo DS/travel size (hair)* - I like this more than the spray kind of dry shampoos I've used before (Drybar, Living Proof). It did a good job of minimizing the oiliness of my hair and I love the convenient size of the smaller one. I could pop it in my bag if I'm travelling. When I finish this small size and if I like it, I'll buy a full size of it. * *Bite Beauty Amuse Bouche Liquified Lipstick: The Unearthed Collection in Chicory, Jicama, and Arrowroot (lip - makeup)* - This lip product formula is my HG. It is especially lip-saving with this colder weather where I live and it keeps my lips comfortable when it's windy out and it prevents me from picking (some people pick their pimples, I pick my lips). Chicory is my MLBB color and Jicama is slightly darker. Arrowroot is this lovely darker orange that appears warm on my lips and is such a great Fall/Winter shade. I'm afraid they'll be discontinuing this because it's on sale in Sephora which I'm sad if it's true. I do have some Chantecaille in my wishlist if that happens. * *La Mer Soft Fluid Foundation (foundation - makeup)* - Had a $75 voucher for Saks so I decided to finally get this. I'm glad I did cause it's such an amazing winter foundation. I find I don't have to set it with powder at all and it looks great throughout the day. The only time I need to set it is around my undereye area so my creases don't eat it up. I would repurchase this again but not at full price. I'll be waiting for beauty sales/promos at various department stores for it. * *Chalotte Tilbury Light Wonder Youth Boosting Perfect Skin Foundation (foundation - makeup)* - Replacement buy for finishing a cushion foundation, the timing couldn't be more perfect. The cushion foundation was feeling a little more dry in this current weather so I went with a more hydrating option in this foundation. Also I wanted something to use for more everyday wear than the LM one which I'm saving for weekends and for my upcoming trip to EU. I like it. I don't love it. I think it's overpriced for what it is which is just a step up from a Laura Mercier Tinted Moisturizer. I probably won't purchase it again but I Will use it up for this winter season because it's hydrating and comfortable. I tend to let skincare slide on prices but makeup less so. I think it's because I'm more skincare oriented. * *Charlotte Tilbury Airbrush Flawless Finish Skin Perfecting Micro-Powder (setting powder - makeup)* - I finished my LM setting powder and needed a new one. I decided to give this one a try as I've heard/seen rave reviews about it not getting cakey. It lives up to the hype for how my skin likes it. What I don't like is the $ to oz breakdown - $45 for 8g of product vs LM travel size $23 for 9.3g. I may go even as far as getting the La Prairie Loose Powder for $105 for 62g. Which at first, yes you get sticker shock but if you do the per gram breakdown it works out to be: $5.625/g for CT, $2.473/g for DS LM, $1.267/g for full-size LM, and $1.694/g for La Prairie. So while it's a little more expensive than LM when comparing full-size to full-size, it's still cheaper than CT. Like, okay. CT looks good and works okay for my skin but I'm just not wow'd enough to continue to spend that kind of money on the brand. If I'm gonna spend that kind of money, I think I'd want some skincare benefits as well in my makeup like in La Mer and La Prairie. * *Sephora Collction Color Switch by Vera Mona Brush Cleaner (tool)* - I love this little thing! Bought some new eyeshadow brushes and this helps me clean my brush enough to switch colors. Also does a great job of cleaning my brushes between washes. * *Invisibobble (hair accesssory)* - I've somehow, and IDK how, lost my hair ties. I used to have a coupl in the car door, in the bathroom, in my gym bag, in a different makeup bag and somehow they're all gone. I am loving this Invisibobble hair tie, which you can get in the Sephora Gauntlet (aka the line to the cashier). It stays put and doesn't give me ponytail/hairbun headaches! I'm gonna keep the ties with my keys now so I don't misplace them. * *Drink Elephant A-Passioni Retinol Cream (skincare)* - My Iope retinol expired some months ago and I never bothered to replace it. It was mostly out of laziness really. I bought this DE retinol on launch day since I was at the mall and I'm actually pretty happy with it so far. This one tube will probably last me close to 8 months if I use it 1-2x weekly. * *Beautylish x Chikuhodo Fuji Makie Brush Collection ~ Holiday 2018 (tool - makeup brush)* - I have this 10+ year old Laura Mercier makeup brush set that I wanted to upgrade so since I missed the Beautylish Lucky Bag XL this year (mystery bag) I decided to go ahead and pre-order these. It comes with a powder brush, cheek brush, foundation brush, and eyeshadow brush. The foundation brush is my absolute fave in this set. I kinda wish I could purchase another one of it standalone cause I know this one will get used a lot for my liquid foundations. *([If you're interested in a mini-review of these brushes, I posted one on /r/Fude](https://old.reddit.com/r/Fude/comments/aanumk/review_beautylish_x_chikuhodo_fuji_makie/))* **Pass over:** * *Tom Ford Bronzer Brush (tool - makeup brush)* - Actually any TF brush as I was eyeing the blush one too. :\ When I read that the brand was going from natural hair to synthetic hair brushes I made this as a hard pass. Paying $115 for a natural hair brush that's handmade in JP would be worth it but synthetic at the same price, nah. I'll just get something from Chikuhodo or Hakuhodo. * *Natasha Denona Gold Palette (eyeshadow - makeup)* - I love all the shades in this palette but the price is too hard to swallow for me. * *La Prairie Skin Caviar Concealer Foundation (foundation - makeup)* - Now is not the time for this foundation as it's too cold and I think it'll be drying for me. I'll give it a whack in the summertime as I'll probably have an empty by then for a replacement buy. I also have a gift card that'll be good until then so I can get a bit of a discount. **Used up / Empty:** * *Laura Mercier Translucent Setting Powder DS/travel size (setting powder - makeup)* - I've been using this powder on and off for 10 years. If I don't get the La Prairie, since I have to test it first, I'll get a FS of this again. * *Amorepacific Color Control Cushion SPF50 (cushion foundation - makeup)* - This is probably my favorite cushion in my entire collection when it comes to colder weather because it's moist on my skin and doesn't accentuate dry patches/areas. I'll eventually get another one but maybe towards Spring/Summer if I have an empty to replace. * *Amorepacific Age Correcting Cushion SPF25 (cushion foundation - makeup)* - This AP cushion is less dewy than the CC version but it has more coverage. Only downside to this is that it's also more dry for wintertime where I live. I think I would get it again but not any time soon since there are other foundations I'd like to try.
&gt; If Levi's asked you if you wanted them to change the cut of your favorite style of jeans, wouldn't you say no? Wouldn't you at least passively aggressivley bitch to your friends hoping it somehow got back to corporate who would then stop the change? No, because they're just jeans. There are hundreds of other jean out there. I get to try Express and AG and 7faM and Citizens, etc. Why create such strong attachment to something that can easily be replaced? You're very set on that mentality I see but I can understand it. I know people like that. Personally, it's not for me. As for people and moving, I understand that too. There are people who are steadfast in staying where they are and some find it not so difficult to pick up and move. Also no young person moves to Cupertino because of the nightlife. :P People move there to be closer to where they work or go to school. They want to keep things the way they are, fine. Fight for it! But again, it's the way they do it. Don't be xenophobic, age-ist, racist buttholes. I'm not talking to you like you've never read ND but unless you haven't lived in Cupertino (especially VallCo) you won't fully understand my sentiment either. That's okay though, a lot of tone and message gets lost when words are just text. We can fully agree that we both disagree on this topic. :P
I feel like I've seen your username before in /r/AB. If so then you might be familiar with Liah Yoo - she made a video recently talking about tamanu oil and how it helped her and her aunt with their stubborn sun spots and PIH. *Edit:* [Best Oil for Each Skin Concern](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LStcy5km0nc) and [How I Got Rid of Acne Marks](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SrpLcYCePqw).
Sorry, just want to point out your La Mer Cushion is actually **03 - Warm Porcelain** and not 13 - Warm Ivory. I was interested cause I'm #13 in their cushion until I saw your verification pic. :&lt;
No problem! You got my hopes up that I'd have finally found someone on MUE who has refills for my cushion. :P GL with the sales!
Man, my skin loves that sunscreen too. I think I'm on my 5th bottle of it but I rotate it with other sunscreens to help it last longer. :\ I can't afford to use it every single day. lol Unfortunately I have not found anything like it when it comes to how soothing it is when my skin is feeling sensitive, how calm my skin looks after it settles, how well it plays under makeup, how it doesn't leave a whitecast, and how it magically controls my oil production where I'm not too oily but I'm not dry either. I'm thinking of getting the DE Umbra because for $34 you get 3oz and it's a good mineral sunscreen too for my skin. The whitecast does suck and is apparent but I cancel it out by mixing it with a bit of the DE Tinte sunscreen.
Yeah, I only do it strictly for the La Mer cream. Anything else is a bonus. Haha! Like I would never buy a FS TF lipstick but it'd be cool to try it and have a cute little bullet to put in my travel cosmetic bag. I hope I can snag the next Luxe if it has La Mer cream in it.
Yeah, I think she was promoting it via iherb which the prices ($12-16) weren't too outrageous but you might be able to find the oils in grocery stores like Sprouts or Whole Foods as well. I'm thinking of giving it a shot because with the new BC I'm on, I'm experiencing bad hormonal acne along my jaw line so I have these clusters of dark spots in concentrated areas.
I have a chok-chok face but crocodile legs. Thank God it's winter and I'm always in pants/leggings/PJs but I feel you on the whole taking care of body skin part. I've found that adding shower oil to my shower routine has helped immensely.
I think when you lessen and eventually quit the vape, you'll see improvements. One of my besties, who was also my roomie at one point, quit smoking and by God, that was the roughest month for us. But once he got over that hump he noticed how good his skin was starting to look and how he could taste food better. For him smoking was always tied to some habit so he changed a few things to not trigger those moments where he got his nicotine fix. My husband right now is in the process of quitting smoking too. He's doing the patch which is kinda helping but when he forgets to put it on he's an Antichrist. But even quitting smoking for him, his skin still has issues (super sensitive, eczema prone).
I recently purchased her Light Wonder foundation and Airbrush Flawless pressed powder as replacement buys for an empty foundation and empty setting powder. I think they're okay. The SA at her counter was really pushing the products on me (he used 12 different products on my face) and I still walk walked away with the two things I originally went there for. lol Not to mention after he was done with my "makeover" I didn't look like The Dolce Vita or The Sophisticate. I looked like The Crack Hooker. Blue eyeliner along my upper lashline that smudged and not in a pretty way, streak of cool pink along my cheek, sperm eyebrows. Great way to convince me to buy that 50ml $100 magic cream. 😑 He did not enhance my features as a warm/golden undertone kind of gal. I'll be using up what I bought for this winter since it works better for my skin in this colder weather but I won't be repurchasing it again. If I do repurchase her powder, it'll be because I got some hella good discount but I'm not willing to pay full price for it ever again. At that $ to gram breakdown it's 3-4x than La Prairie.
I love Bite particularly for their sometimes muted colors and their merchandise end cap design/aesthetic. 😆 I'm a sucker for the color of the packaging because it feels not so girly and for some reason reminds me of cars. The gray matte packaging of the bullet or liquid lip looks good in my cup holder. My bias is probably also because the liquid formula is my HG.
That is awesome for those that missed out on it! Also I am glad there is a standalone dupe for the foundation brush but for some reason, I'm feeling like a cheapskate thinking I don't want to pay $65 for the one brush (T-3). 😆 Maybe I'll get a Koyudo one that's similar for $35-45 for the daily driver.
For a second there I thought this was /r/ChoosingBeggars.
We sold ours around summer too. But then we had to contend with other families looking to move in before school starts. Double-edged swords really. I think we lost against 4 offers before we "won" one. &gt;_&gt;
TY! I'm in tech in Silicon Valley and I got hired by a streaming entertainment company. Mucho excited.
I only ever saw him in Sherlock on BBC (with Benedict Cumberbatch) but yeah, he did great in that episode. Also, I did not recognize Topher Grace! I saw his name in the credits and was like "What?!" and then had to rewind to catch him again. Not a bad episode.
I actually didn't hate it either. I thought it was okay - something that could serve as a filler episode if they had more intense episodes so you'd get a bit of a break in intensity.
I think I'm on my 3rd bottle of this stuff. I rave about it like how some people rave about SK-II essence (though for me, SK-II broke me out). I only ever purchase the Vintage Essence when I can get it on sale like Sephora 20% or department store $50 off $200 events. It really does do this instant hydration and the next morning, my face doesn't feel parched.
Giving up smoking, no problem. Mildly inconvenient but whatever. Giving up Coca-Cola, shit, it's harder than giving up smoking, at least for me. I constantly fall off the wagon after not having a soda for 2-3 months at a time. I do my best to just do water or unsweetened tea and it takes one incident to trigger me and I'm back to chugging the soda. I always feel okay immediately after drinking it but hours later I feel like hot garbage. Then the cycle repeats itself. I've noticed stark differences in my weight and my mood when I'm on and off the soda so I'm constantly trying to remind myself that I'm better physically without it - I'm just addicted to it, that's all.
I saw someone put a big old tupperware container under a tree at 7th Ave and Irving and the pigeons were just enjoying the soak. A small line had form for pigeons waiting their turn. XD
But if they did have a publicist there would be minimal to no drama in the beauty realm. :P but business-wise yes, it's a smart move to have a publicist if what they're doing is growing and publicizing their brand!
**Loving:** * *Dior Backstage Face and Body Foundation (2N)* - I looooove this foundation. Tested last summer but never pulled the trigger because I had some other foundations I was working to empty. I finished a few AP cushions so decided to get this during the Rouge sale. It's a good price for a designer foundation and I love the simplicity of a squeeze tube. The shade is a great match and it wears beautifully on me all day whether I set it or not. I think my other favorite part of this foundation is the texture. I'm a sucker for a water-y feel foundation and how because of this, I could make it light coverage like I want. * *Natasha Denona Biba Neutral Palette* - I've been reaching for this palette and the mini nude one since I got them. I'm kind of a basic makeup person and don't really stray into wild colors so these two are my jam. They are easy to work with formulas and I love how my eyelid doesn't eat it up in the crease. I would repurchase this in a heartbeat and if I could have have one palette (and a little extra), it'd be Biba and mini-Nude. * *Chantecaille Talc-Free Loose Setting Powder* - Probably one of my fave loose powders I've ever used. It keeps my oils at bay at the same time doesn't get cakey on me. It also doesn't make my skin look dry and when some natural oils start to peek through, it makes my makeup look like it's melting into my skin. Initially it might come off expensive but price per gram, still cheaper than CT Airbrush Flawless whatever pressed powder. **Hating:** * *Amorepacific Moisture Bound Luminous Cushion Compact* - Normally, I love AP cushions. Color Control, Age Correcting, and Anti-Aging cushions in both the regular formula and Cover (more coverage) formula. They are straight up wins for me and the color match is spot on - US #204 is typically #202 in the KR version. I bought this cushion in the usual #202 that I get in the other cushion formulas and I was betrayed. For those familiar with Korean cushions, the cushion I got would be like, being a #25 and getting a #21 or #23. It was too light to salvage with any bronzer to warm up my face and the formula, being called Luminous, is not as luminous as I hope it was. I love the OTT dewiness of the AP CC cushion so I was hoping this would be a little bit above that but it isn't. I'll be giving this cushion to my SiL who has much lighter skintone than me who can pull this one off. * *YSL All in One Glow Foundation* - When I think glow, and I think this is definitely my faulty expectations, I expect it to have that "moist" (*chok-chok*) radiant look. This foundation just feels dry AF on my face. Neutrogena Hydro Boost performs way better by miles and miles than this foundation. * *GA Second Skin Foundation* - more like overpriced tinted silicone primer for me. :( I can get it to work when the moons align and my cat doesn't fart and a butterfly flaps its wings in Brazil. Because of this foundation, I now asks for samples of different foundations to try for 2-3 days before I commit to purchasing a FS. **Lusting:** * *Dior Airflash Foundation* - I tried this in store and oh my, it looked flawless. I just think it's too expensive for every day wear for me to buy and it's one of those items that "fantasy" me would love to wear but "real" me is pretty basic and sufficiently happy with a water-y foundation or dewy cushions. XD
*Dah-ling!*
No kidding! That's a dream kitchen right there! I remember some other article that showed the house when it was owned by the producer or whatever and there was so much clutter and it looked hella cramped. The way they staged this makes it look 100x better.
Yeah, there's one where she's with a beauty director from Sephora and while he was all excited (and I love that dude) she was just a bit obnoxious. I'm using up my CT pressed powder and then that's it. I'm happy to look for other lux powders that still are cheaper per g than hers and will perform the same.
I feel attacked.
I will buy it if: * Color matches me properly. * After getting a sample, it meets my expectations - light to medium buildable coverage, looks natural, and performs well for 8+ hours. * I have an empty by the time this foundation rolls around (as I'm on RONB). Maybe two foundations considering the pricepoint of this one. I'm willing to give a foundation at that price range a chance if it's great.
The one in the pic is the travel size (30ml) if that's what you mean. The full 90ml is wider and bigger container/packaging.
The 90ml is the true full size of the product; not considered mega/value size. The 30ml is available only through a set and not sold individually for retail thus being travel size, and yes the DS is 5ml. I was just explaining to /u/Kaceen because I think she thought it was the full size one. :P (IDK why I'm getting downvoted for clearing that up though.)
I "found" myself and my style. Thanks to this, I can approach buying makeup more realistically. For instance, while I'd love ABH MR, I'm really a SG kind of girl. While I love the look of full coverage foundations, I'm more a natural, light to light medium coverage girl. I am a basic neutral bish. XD Knowing what I will actually wear and what I wish I wear makes a difference in my consumerism as well. For sure YSL has changed for me. My HG was their Fusion Ink but that got discontinued so I had to hunt for a new foundation. GA LS wasn't it. La Mer wasn't it. Then some redditor posted about Chanel Vitamuliere Aqua and that was it! I had given YSL one last shot with All in One Glow and that was a Hell of a disappointment.
Hrm, SCA not really. For me it was /r/AB that sent me over the edge of obsession with getting chok-chok/glass skin and sunscreen any day and every day. Low UV index in my hood? Feck it - SPF 50! I think I would have been more into SCA if it wasn't so full of "What is this on my face?!" posts or posts that ask for people to make them a routine. I would frequent SCA when I was looking for a product that was non-AB and wanted to read what other users experiences were like.
If this is the same Spiderman I'm thinking about, he's here in San Francisco. That being said, yes the cop is kind of a killjoy when you have druggies on public sidewalks shooting up and homeless people spray shitting on walls like their butts are Paul Jackson Pollock. -_- Hell, on the rare warm sunny occasion you'll see naked gay men with cock rings and a fanny pack walking in the Castro and the cops there don't bother them. Leave Spiderman alone! His funk and rhythm bring joy. XD *Edit:* ... because *some* people might misconstrue it and it's not evident in my post, I am pro-Spiderman and pro-nekkid gay men strolling in the Castro. Christ.
I worked retail as a seasonal during one Holiday at a fancypants jewelry shop with a robin egg blue box and white ribbon. Didn't work there for the money. I wanted the discount and was doing it for shits and giggles. Anyway, there's certain protocol that needs to be followed when walking around the store when a customer picks out jewelry and one of those is to not let them walk about the store with it on. Anyway, I ask this doctor's wife who was trying on a necklace ($1000) that was to to place it back into the felt box so we could go looking at other options and the ole bitch takes it off and throws it in my face. I stood there shocked thinking wtf just happened. Then her eyes started to well up and her voice got shaky that I was accusing her of wanting to steal the necklace which is crazy talk because I had only asked her to put it back in the display box that I carry around. Her husband comes around and spews shit of "Oh we shop here all the time" (No they didn't) and whatever entitled snotty rich person says to a retail worker. Looking back, I wish I had gone off on them and yelled at them that they couldn't talk to me that way. They probably thought I was poor and inadequate when in fact I came to work in a $120k car and had my $3k purse in my locker. I didn't do that though. I held my ground, bit my tongue, processed their transaction, and they went off. After the whole incident the store manager said I was to write an apology letter to the couple and I flat out said "No, I'm not apologizing to two twats who think it's okay to speak to retail people like that". My contract ended and I thought "well that was fun /s" but I did meet some cool people along the way. Lo and behold the next Holiday season I got a call asking if I'd come back and I declined. Some people man...
I was born in Oakland, lived the Bay Area, moved away for college and came back because my degree was in tech. My old church in Hayward used to do outreach and deliver food to the homeless in Tenderloin. I left my church in the South Bay because they were against gay marriage. My new church here in SF helps the disadvantaged. I am not a stranger to SF. Most of my artist/creative friends that I made around 2006 in SF have all moved out because they were priced out and I miss them dearly. I miss having brunch with them in the Castro and admiring the daring and brevity of the naked gay men walking around. Yes we have a homeless and drug problem in the city but my frustration isn't with those people, it's with the local government that is failing to plan and help them. Idk how you got "arrogant" from my post but I genuinely enjoy Spiderman. It seems you sir/maam are the mean, uptight and judgemental one. It would be most helpful and conducive to the discussion if you didn't jump to conclusions. :) Also, lrn2read emotes. Mine was a happy reaction to Spiderman.
Oh I see. You don't have an attitude problem, you have a reading problem. That's okay. I understand where you are coming from. I hope the name calling makes you feel better, idk what you are going through but your anger being directed at me is unsavory and I hope you garner a better understanding that I do not mean malice on the mentally ill and homeless.
I got called "transplant tech idiots who only got into the industry and moved to Northern California for the pay" yesterday in a different subreddit when in fact I was born here and lived here when I was child. -_- I only moved out of state to go to college then moved back for work, which yes, is in tech. That's almost as bad as being yelled at to "Go back to China" by an Arab dude with a thick accent when I'm not even Chinese (happened in SJ two years ago). People can be real jerks sometimes.
Is that from an accident? &gt;_&gt; (Also why did I zoom in on that?)
I second Sakoon! Either Santa Clara or MV location.
Yes, I've had a coworker like that before except Macedonian. not Russian. He didn't take too well to instructions from a female. I think there might be egotistical and cultural machismo at play as well. In the case of your manager thinking he's a good fit, did she hire him? If so, she may not want action against him because it might make her look bad for hiring someone not competent enough for the job/role. Does this incompetent worker affect most of the group as well?
I have 3 Laura Mercier eyeshadow brushes (ponytail, crease, and laydown) and 1 Laura Mercier angled cheek brush that I've had for like 11-12 years. I have never lost an eyeball from having them so long because I keep them clean regularly (washed every few days or once a week depending on usage). I told a LM MUA, when we were talking about brushes, and she said the new LM brushes are garbage compared to the old school ones and she still has hers! I think however that my LM ponytail/blender is nearing the end of its life because it continually sheds so there's that - probably going to be time to replace it but it's served me well for the past decade. :P
This is a HG for me! I have combo/dehydrated skin and it's a product that works for me year round. During the winter it is a heavier toner and during the summer, it serves as a light moisturizer. Also, I've had times where I've gone overboard on actives and overexfoliated and this toner helped soothed my skin so much. The fact that it's hydrating and moisturizing for me I find myself not having to use pore filling primer much or at all as long as I keep remembering to use the toner. I will never not repurchase this or even replace it.
I've lived here in the Bay Area for 16 since moving back from college (3+ years living in SF and counting) and I only learned recently that GGP is bigger than Central Park in NYC! -_- I think that's pretty cool and I'm happy with have a park like that near us.
No, *you're* breathtaking!
I'm kind of the same as you but closer to my 40s than my 30s - I was born and raised in the East Bay and moved away for college but came back for work (I'm in tech). Started the rat race in my early 20s, married to a fellow techie and that's how we afforded to buy a house in SF. My social life and social circle from my 20s to late-30s has significantly changed. In my 20s I had a lot more diverse set of friends - some in art, photography, music, video production, and tech. By 2008ish, my creative-based friends moved out of SF, as I was the only one who lived in the South Bay at the time cause I wanted to be closer to work, and moved to LA and NYC. My current circle of friends, they're all in tech. I mean, I don't mind that, they're all cool people but I do miss having a different kind of crowd to hang out with. My tech friends, I met them through work. I think as we get older, it just naturally becomes harder to meet and befriend people when we're caught up in our own bullshit of work and responsibilities. My husband has had great success though meeting new people through his interests (running and weight lifting). Me, I'm more introverted so I don't actively get out to meet new people. I'm thinking of taking up new activities to remedy that though. I think location does play in how you can make friends, with the Bay Area being a lot more about the rat race, but also how you approach it whether you actively or passively meet people.
You are being ripped off. I live in San Francisco and we got our [knob and tube panel in a 1939 home upgraded to 200amp](https://imgur.com/70uP9NS) for about $2500ish and we're renovating from 1500sqft to 2100-2200sqft. Drop that contractor like it's hot and find a new one. D:
Depending on the car, the electrical can be a little bit daunting if they decide to do hardwiring themselves and that's why they want a professional. Cables themselves are pretty easy-peasy to hide in the A-pillar and along the side if the install includes a rear camera. I installed my dashcam with the help of a friend and it took us about 3-4 hours total to do a 2-channel front and rear camera in my sedan and test everything out - event capture, motion sensor, parking mode, etc. OP, some car stereo installation places also do dash cam installs. I think yelp will kick back a few of those for 2-3 places within SF. IDK what they charge in SF for installs but in SJ they ran about $200-400.
Brigading from pro-MLMers perhaps?
That is a chonk of a pen. How does it feel when you've been writing for a bit?
Blackvue DR650S 2-CH WiFi with a Power Magic Pro hardwired into the car's electrical panel to the side. [It sits right behind the rearview mirror so it's not obstructing my view and the rear one sits at the top of the rear windshield where the shade pulls up](http://imgur.com/a/rjv7SY9). The wires are tucked up into the front windshield and the power cable and cable for the rear camera run along the passenger side A-pillar. It has well paid for itself after a woman hit it while it was parallel parked on the street when she tried to pull forward into a spot instead of reversing in. Caused about $2.5k damage but it made my insurance claim so GD smooth. They saw it and waived the deductible immediately.
How does Cancun compare to Pancho Villa? I've only had Pancho exclusively since I moved here like 10+ months ago. Their stone ground salsa is amazeballs.
Oooooooh. I do notice that with the Pancho steak burritos, the carne asada can be a little dry but the salsa saves it. I'll have to give Cancun a try. I know what you mean by messier. XD. It's like when I attempt to make Filipino street food at home and it's just "too clean".
I backed this project for a bunch of various reasons: * I have no qualms about a group coming into the beauty realm with "knowing nothing about makeup". You have influencers who have built their fandom empires who should know the most or more about makeup yet release shit-tastic products (*cough* Jaclyn Hill *cough*). So why pass judgement on this until we've tried it? Give a shot and if it's bad, then let's give them shit. XD * Being a massive fan of Fude, I can get a little behind buying their brushes since they are handmade in Kumano, JP by brush artisans. Set aside the satirical marketing, $99 for a core set of Fude brushes is a good deal. I ain't gonna pass up a good deal. I will hold a final say on it until I get them in my hands. Tom Ford for instance was handmade in JP as well but the goat hairs in their bronzer brush for instance was not made with the best goat hair available for what they charged consumers. * I focused on the product rather than their cheesy marketing. It's like when I buy Apple products. Forget their kooky marketing messaging, I don't need my iPod to be anti-gravity warm sounding - I just want it to have a nice UI that I'm used to and play my music and works with my tech ecosystem at home. Yes Rephr marketing is the pinnacle of SV lingo but if you can look past it, they might have some decent product(s). * I trust the reviews of Michele Wang and Mel Thompson (my two fave influencers). It's a plus to me that the Rehpr guys took community feedback to release a small set of brushes rather than 100 brushes. The fact that they took this feedback and for instance created a dupe of a discontinued brush because that's the feedback that was given, that's something that's a nice to have when you're developing a product. I also kind of have to wonder if some of the negative sentiment towards this kickstarter is not just the use of the company's Fude-aspect but also because it's 3 straight dudes who are behind it. Would the negativity be the same if it were say, 3 women who don't wear makeup? **EDIT:** LOL! Apparently anyone who has positive things to say about this kickstarter are getting downvoted. I guess everyone is supposed to hate them.
Yes, I was kind of expecting it given the general tone of the comments above - people getting worked up over something they haven't even tried yet. Like I get it's three guys who are heading this project but if they come out with something good/decent, do you care that much to hate them? They're still ahead of the curve than JH and her trainwreck of lipsticks and she's been in makeup for how many years? :P Yes their marketing is laughable but idk, maybe being from Silicon Valley (and living the tech/startup life) it's just something I'm used to hearing on a regular basis so I just find it comically bad and ironic. I'm not looking for these Rephr brushes to outdo my Hakuhodo or Chikuhodo but do I think they can have a spot on the OPP (Opening Price Point) side for Fude given they're being initially sold at the wholesale price. Even for the likes of Tom Ford when their bronzer brush was still natural goat hair, it wasn't the higher tier goat hair (I believe there are 3 major tiers of goat hair quality) used for the brush and that was an expensive ass brush at $115.
They could have been forced to take it down.
Bamboo sucks. :( Hubby and I had it in the last place all throughout the house and in the kitchen and when the dishwasher leaked, it warped the bamboo and never recovered. Another incident that happened over our kitchen was the AC leaking along one of the kitchen walls down to the floor and that messed up the floor in that area. With our new renovation, we're going with engineered waterproof flooring ([Republic Flooring SPC](https://www.republicfloor.com/great-california-oak-reca2204)) for the main living floor and kitchen. I would just go with tile or engineered flooring than cork and bamboo in my personal experience. When we sold the previous place, we couldn't go any higher on price because the potential buyer would have to replace the flooring in the kitchen anyway. Didn't hurt us too bad but it was pretty. Now this time around, no bamboo anywhere where there's water and things to be spilled constantly. D:
I totally see your point. On the other hand of that - do you know or have met your regular ole, typical engineer? A majority of them are pretty awkward gobshites. A little bit lacking in social cues and aspects. They definitely **need** to hire a marketing person to avoid debacles like this like influencers need PR/brand people. Now if they think they don't need a Marketing person, then they really are just straight up tech douches. The Rephr guys probably think the whole "we don't know anything about makeup" is cute in the way sometimes a girl will act dumb to look cute herself. But of course, feigning ignorance is not cute right? And I see where people, especially those who are passionate about makeup, can be rubbed the wrong way. They want to make themselves stand out, unfortunately they missed the mark with their messaging. (Not disagreeing with you there.) **Edit:** I'm all about female presence in a male-dominated sector but dang ladies, y'all gotta step back a little and retract the claws a little bit. ^Yikes.
IDK, personally speaking when I first got into doing eyeshadow the Laura Mercier rep set me up with 3 brushes (crease, ponytail, laydown) that I used for 11+ years [until I upgraded this past Christmas](https://imgur.com/g2y1XxN). We never need more brushes, we want them. Certain brushes just make certain tasks easier. I do see where people feel it's condescending but if that's all you take away from the project, then you're not really getting the full scope. Yes they admit to not knowing anything about brushes but I can't remember the last time MAC, TF, or Dior solicited the feedback of artists to refine brushes. That's a bit of a plus for me. Yes their marketing definitely could use work to make it less tone-deaf and offensive. The guys might merely be obtuse or total tech douches, who knows.
The awkwardness of being an engineer span races/ethnicities, gender, and age. I'm not saying these dudes are totally oblivious but I'm also not going to call them condescending a-holes because I don't know them. My circle of friends here in SF (and other parts of the Bay Area) mostly compromise of engineers. Some are socially well adjusted and some are massive introverts. I was in downtown MV one night waiting for my friends to grab ramen and some girl at the beer garden I was passing by was complaining that her date, an engineer, didn't make a move and that she was throwing all her signals. Maybe he got it but was too nervous, maybe he wasn't sure if she wanted it and was afraid of getting rejected. My point is, it's quite possible these guys might have been clueless and didn't realize the impact of what the said was that offensive. Until such a time where I see them interact with consumers, how they speak through their social media, and how they continue to present themselves will I be able to make a better judgement call (whether or not I full support them). Like JH for example, I used to watch her videos. I thought she was okay. Then her palette came out with Morphe and I was like "Well good for her" because I thought she was an okay beauty-tuber. Then the palette issues happened and that drove me away from watching her content. Then cue today there's the lipstick fiasco. Given the positive feedback of two beauty gurus I follow and trust, for myself I can lightly tread supporting Rephr until such a time they either a) up my confidence in them or b) really screw the pooch on this project and I stop supporting them.
I agree with One Market and Gary Danko. Though I've never been to Meadowood I have been to Manresa and I would definitely not go back.
Does the lactic acid build up affect the meat quality (tenderness, texture, flavor, etc)?
Can't believe I had to scroll this far to see this. XD Yes, if he doesn't want to go to a barber for a fix-it, he could sport a Peaky Blinder hat (wtf are those called anyway?!) and say he's trying a new look as Thomas Shelby's older brother (Arthur?).
Oof, this is difficult. For me it's a toss up between Chantecaille and La Mer. I think if I could only have one, it'd be La Mer. For me it's skincare-infused makeup and I'm kinda digging that at the moment. Considering how outrageous their skincare is, I wouldn't mind a set if it meant "prepping" my skin only with their products. XD The Soft Fluid is an HG of mine also and I really love the cushion form too.
I use the Beautyblender cleanser and my [Etude House Brush Tub](http://jolse.com/product/etude-house-my-beauty-tool-brush-cleansing-mini-bathtub/19430/?cate_no=1235&amp;display_group=1) to clean my brushes once a week. In between use I swipe my brush against a tissue. I have the Sephora spray also but I have to do my research if it's Fude friendly before I use them on my natural hair brushes.
I work in a white-collar tech job and I've gotten drug tested twice in my career - one was for a Fortune 500 company and another a Korean conglomerate. In both jobs I had access to marketing funds from 10s of thousands of dollars upwards of &lt;2m. I guess they want to make sure you don't have a drug habit or something. They also did a credit check too. The drug testing however was way before CA legalized marijuana so IDK if those two companies still drug test their potential employees.
Were you asking if you could have it and she was saying "no"? XD That's so cute she gets possessive over her beauty box. Hopefully she likes it.
I worked for a small start up in Silicon Valley (&lt;100 employees) and the main program they used was Adobe Photoshop before they did the monthly sub thing and you had to buy individual licenses. Someone got let go / fired and they tattled to Adobe that the whole UI group was using pirated software. The CEO got hella mad that he had to pay Adobe.
Nah, it was more like $50k but he still fumed over. The company used to make a lot of money selling wallpaper and ringtones for cellphones. :P (Yes, I'm old.)
I could have sworn it was still painted with flowers because my 8 year old pointed it out on the way to school (driving down Lawton). I'm gonna have to do a drive-by later when I go to Safeway on Noriega to qualm this brain gnat. XD
&gt; For my husband it was working at Facebook with these benefits or working construction with no benefits, or Lyft. When you add in what it costs to have those benefits it definitely sounds better, but it's just so mentally taxing. If FB were to have employees (even through a 3P) do that kind of work moderating content, they should also have some programs that help them cope like yoga, meditation, mindfulness tactics, counseling, etc.
I think they have the same item/product list at each location even though it's not listed on their wall menu. I always order a SF Giants (turkey, provolone(?), mushrooms, bacon, avocado) at different places and they always make it with no problems. Price is always about the same.
I originally wasn't sold on Dior F&amp;B because I saw "matte finish" and that put me off. As I'm getting older, matte just isn't flattering on me like it was once was in my 20s. XD That's why I've been leaning towards dewy finishes like AP CC cushion. But the Dior F&amp;B, it's not a flat matte, it's like a natural skin matte finish which is amazing! Add on to that the price per ml for a designer foundation, the neutral color match matching me better than YSL neutral colors, the beautiful wear throughout the day and the coverage being flexible from sheer to medium and it's a winner.
Didn't they cover autonomous driving in season 1 or 2? Wasn't that the reason Jared got shipped to China or something in a container? XD
I laughed out loud seeing the bottom right one - reminds me of a scene in Silicon Valley where [Gilfoyle needed to wear contacts cause he broke his glasses](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gbsKyF6Frek).
There is a cool and very pretty rainbow crosswalk in The Castro district (in SF).
The RT Blush brush is bomb for bronzer and blush. It diffuses so nicely! I reach for the RT more than the big fluffly MJ bronzer brush that I got.
So would it be acceptable to put $0 tip in the app and just hand them cash? I'm not seeing a lot of crossover with certain restos I patronize in a bunch of delivery food apps. :(
[Skin nirvana achieved](https://marvelcinematicuniverse.fandom.com/wiki/Red_Skull?file=Captain-America-The-First-Avenger_519e83c9.jpg).
LOL! From SV as well and I worked at a Korean multinational conglomerate that's located in MV. A few of my teammates, older gentlemen, would have premo whiskey and scotch like Macallan Single Cask, Glenlivet 18s, etc locked in their storage cabinets in their cubicles complete with proper drinking glassware, along with their prototype devices (that weren't allowed to leave the office). On a quiet Friday afternoon, you'd find a few guys huddled in the cube shooting the shit and sipping drinks. When it was rough during the midweek you'd see them drinking. Then I guess one day someone reported them so they had to do it on the down low again. LOL!
If only makeup could make him pretty on the inside, he should eat some. What a jerk. Mad respect to male nurses though; nursing regardless of gender is a tough job. I know I couldn't do it (and I'm a woman).
Exactly. On the flip side of that besides dealing with medical issues or incidents that would make most squirm, I've had some unbelievably compassionate nurses when I was in the hospital after giving birth. Like here I am, a complete stranger to them, in a state where I'm in pain and feeling vulnerable, and they're looking after me. Yes I've had some brusque nurses but I've also encountered sweet ones. It's those nurses that ease my anxiety and make me feel safe (and when you feel safe, you feel happy and you feel hopeful).
It was in response to the CB thinking that only a woman could do the job. As a woman and knowing myself, I don't have the stomach for the medical gross stuff or the emotional fortitude for the job (ex. A patient dying on me would destroy me).
That'd be quite the hairy situation. XD It won't go over smoothly. He'd have a bumpy night ahead of him.
My colleague takes the train from the SJ station (Diridion?) and takes the baby bullet in time to get to the office by 8:30ish (we work in FiDi). For her it is longer than her previous commute but she made a point that it's end to end and she can sorta snooze. Honestly, if you're living with your parents for free, take advantage of that to save. In like, a year or two you can move up in work and also move up to SF!
I feel this in my soul. Started at a new job and decided to use my Pilot Vanishing Point (matte black one from Jetpens) my first couple days. After coming back from a meeting I set my notebook and laptop on my desk and realized I wasn't holding my pen. Panic sets in and I cup all my pockets. It took me a while to realize that I had clipped the fucking thing to my cardigan. -_- I've never lost a pen at work, not even my Uni Signo and the thought of losing my Vanishing Point put some good fear in me. XD
I am a female player. I believe in using voice in my comp games. I've had the odd one out (or ten) experiences of being screeched at by male players calling me a cunt, bitch, whore, slut because I wouldn't heal them if they ran in 1v6, or I didn't rez them though we needed our shield tank, or for a variety of other reasons. I can do nothing but hit that Report button and hope that action is taken against them. I've had other games where I didn't use voice but there was another female in my group and they get told to STFU and that they're useless and dragging the whole team down, etc. For the sake of a social experiment, I didn't use voice for the whole match and did mostly voicelines to communicate (Yes, You're welcome, group up etc) and at the end if we won and they thanked the Supports, I'd use voice to thank them for the good game and for the compliment. Half the time I get a surprised "Oh it was a girl" and the other half they don't care and just give that vibe of "rock on dude". Though given those bad experiences, it doesn't deter me too much from playing. I can't let those little arseholes be the reason I stop playing a game I enjoy. For every one of them there are four other players who are pleasant, nice, and non-toxic that want to have fun. Bonus burning point for me: The little egotistical shitebags that join Arcade: Mystery Heroes, start to lose, bitch about losing, then leave the game only for a filler to take their place. If your ego can't handle a game heavily reliant on RNG and taking a loss, then why did you queue in this mode? Piss off and go play QP or Comp if you *really* care about actually winning.
SF resident here. Additional context: this is in the Pacific Heights neighborhood in SF which is pretty posh/expensive area. The Filipino man has lived in the same house for 18+ years. After this went viral, Birchbox made a public statement that they're no longer working with this lady and removing her company/products from the site. Lady is a legit Level 3 Karen.
I only half laughed at this cause I feel for the guy. I get antsy and nervous when I get my blood drawn. I don't squirm in my chair like he did but I do more of a nervous bounce and then also howl and whine until they stick me with the needle and start swapping out the tubes. I'm mildly anemic so there's a chance I'll feel weak or pass out (even at the sight of a lot of blood). This is the reason I'm in tech and my brother is the one in the medical field. :P
