Imagine if they actually announced Triple H taking over now.
A less than 1.0 rating?
Well, they wanted tables...
I assume Roode &amp; Angle fought in that other company both were once a part of?
See Charlotte vs Ronda (post match) from Survivor Series
RIP Constable Corbin 2018-2018
Well in fairness they do know something isn’t working, so it would be the same people with (maybe/hopefully) a new mindset. Time will tell.
So how long until Rollins infiltrates as one of those guys that flanks Ambrose?
Likely about [this](https://youtu.be/WRbhkuvq2xc)
Well the guy did good that night. That night.
Well never heard a ring announcer basically announce a ‘sneak’ attack
While we are shaking things up can we please change the rules for 3/4 team tag team matches?
Lol that joke was something that Lawler would say (as Cole pointed out)
Well 3 of the 4 members and the in-law
Damn. Gorilla was chaos just now.
Raw Women’s Roster (sans Bliss)
Yes, as long as you use their requirements. You only pay if you chose not to use their requirements &amp; use up the 15GB of storage which is shared among Photos, Gmail &amp; Drive. Pictures are listed in a chronological descending order. No folders as such though you could kinda use Albums in that way to help. You could, as others suggested, upload through Google Drive to go across to Google Photos but that would count against the storage space. Video uploading works much the same as picture uploading. Drag &amp; drop or press the Upload button &amp; select the video(s). Same rules as pics. Use their requirements &amp; its unlimited, if not, it would count.
Wonder what they could have Paige do now? Unfortunately she can’t go back to the active roster. She seemed to be enjoying that role.
These days, unfortunately
Otunga? Um ok.
Shane’s married
Or team with him
Or as the Titantron says Eff Hard
Ouch
So... how long until...
Graves is married(?) /s
No, until Saxton recovers (presumedly)
Ali on the SDL roster? Um ok
Sonic... I mean Shinsuke
“Yes this sign wasted paper”
Just noticed the WWE logo on the SDL refs shirts has the blue streak vs the normal red.
Yup. Up to Google’s servers so they would be accessible on any device with the app and your login.
Man does that BMW driver reputation find its way around
WWE gave me a present. Lio isn’t mic’ed
TV14: thumb tacks TVPG: LEGO’s Same result in terms of drawing blood surprisingly.
1️⃣...2️⃣... kick out
¡Feliz Navidad!
A win?
Well at least the Grinch showed up to ruin Christmas
4 matches in 1 night for Natalya. vs Ember Moon vs Ruby Riott vs Sasha Banks — vs Ronda Rousey
2019.
Kurt? Oh nevermind.
This Raw I’ve heard the actual theme song for the show more than I have for all of 2018.
Wish they would a remix of Seth’s &amp; Dean’s music e.g. what they did with Stone Cold’s &amp; Triple H’s back in the day, i.e. collab with a rock band &amp; let them add their own instrumental to it &amp; lyrics.
So Shelton’s good again I see.
Today is Rusev Day in more ways than it usually is.
Jeff’s fine. His ‘eyes’ are still open.
Nakamura’s mouth piece fools me at times thinking he’s bleeding
‘Christmas Day’ Rusev Day Championship Day
...&amp; thus ends the final SmackDown of the year.
Know the experience myself. Not specifically India but dealing with an Apple issue with no Apple Stores around.
[As was said...](https://cdn3.volusion.com/teoav.xfwat/v/vspfiles/photos/TR3-10935-2.jpg?1492594198)
For a couple of days mine was working surprisingly well on the 5GHz connection I have home but then it started working like crap again. Struggling to connect &amp; very weak signal when it is connected. I also think it is the Intel modems used that are the cause in this as well as the XS &amp; XS Max. I know they weren’t as good as the Qualcomm ones but not as bad as this. My previous 7 had no issues whatsoever with the same connections.
Yup. Only the 600 has 4.
Yup
Kinda surprised they’ve never mentioned the Honda/Indy talk. At least it’s something (that could materialize)
I love the XR myself except for honestly the Intel modem. Battery life is good, the physical size with the display size I think is ideal, camera is great (nice to finally have stereo audio recording). The only issue (getting back to it) is that modem, where the connection drops randomly and suddenly and frequently enough in my case that it requires attention several times a day. Picked up on it being an issue even during my initial setup when I noticed it dropped the connection during that time. Comparing my experience to my old iPhone 7 which never had an issue when it comes to WiFi under the same circumstances. Done recent enough speed tests between the 2 and the 7 outperforms the XR each and every time when it comes to speed and distance from the modem. I really hope that it’s something that Apple can address through software but that’s becoming increasingly unlikely as time and those updates progress.
I think [this](https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=99w3Wmp1agI) may explain your eye issues with the XS vs the XR. Basically comes down to the XR using LCD &amp; the XS using OLED.
Christ that man could whine. He always goes off on CNN when international instead of doing what he always claims to do &amp; not watch.
Calculator and voice memos should have been watchOS 1 apps
What features, if any, does the Series 4 not get. That’s the question I’m wondering
The big one.
Well they got double digits for once
Nice to have it but wouldn’t be using a swipe keyboard
So Street View but with a nicer look to it. Not bad.
I wish Apple would come back to routers with their own hardware
It’s better. Point made.
TechTubers: 😧🤤🤯
If you could afford it I think the repair costs would be a drop in comparison
Last year’s was about 2 hrs 15 mins so this is coming up on it
This I like.
They gotta shorten those things again.
I don’t think they ever said the compatible devices (yet)
I wouldn’t. At least not the earlier ones unless you have another iOS device to run it on
http://www.iphonehacks.com/2019/06/ios-13-compatible-iphones-ipads.html They didn’t but this site does
That would be announced at the September event
None yet but before the end of the day for sure
I’m just curious how Brock doesn’t cash in.
The announcer’s heart’s skip a beat whenever they hear “Here comes the money”
It’s the length they can go from the corner for a legal tag. Only for tag matches of course.
Alright Alright Alright
Damn, it’s 3 in the morning there and it’s as hot as it normally is where I am during the day.
But I thought Corbin was Austin’s favorite son?
No more boom box briefcase
Corey: 😧🤬
Since when a champion relinquishes to his last opponent? 🤔 [likely was a oh shit we have no one else to put it on decision]
WWE at least for this becomes WAWE
Jinder didn’t have to show up in his gear. Does the ref have to be in his shirt?
Man if Alexa &amp; Mandy teamed up... Corey: 🤯
Vince?!
[The Man &amp; her man](https://www.instagram.com/p/ByRVreDhHH3/?igshid=1wilbcpz913ce)
They ditched the darker 3rd hour already?
I may not like the music but I do like how they use the lighting for the entrance for Cesaro
Now there is. Yup, looks like someone forgot or it’s done.
These 2 can put on a match
Evidently.
The shield legendary for me
No harm in a yellow/green at this point.
Mother Nature's first name is Moraine
Should it rain during the roval's weekend are rain tyres an option? I'd think not but just curious
Well if the race is postponed at least I could watch Microsoft's E3 Press Conference without conflict
"holds roughly 600 ounces, the equivalent of more than 37 16-oz. Monster Energy drinks"
Was now gonna ask if they lost the track. They did.
ICYWW next Xbox news coming at their conference.
NASCAR should re-align the 2021 schedule keeping in mind how many times the tracks have had rain issues during their current scheduled times.
2nd time I could remember that a NASCAR race would clash with Monday Night RAW
Yup. The Juan Pablo jet dryer incident made it so that I watched the entire show &amp; still had a race to finish watch.
Fox could've waited until the CC
Its kinda like Jeff's SNL character (the one that worked at the photography studios)
What are the lap times today vs last year? Just curious.
Wonder why there is always that odd gap by Becky in that promo? You'd think they would stick 4 Superstars there.
Come on Jimmie. That's not doing it right.
I'm kinda getting a feeling that Jamie McMurray would replace DW, though I prefer Larry Mac if only to have the colour-driver-crew chief dynamic back
When they refreshed the SS &amp; others recently I don't know what they were thinking but the emergency refresh helped quite a bit. The ZL1 thankfully is untouched (for now).
So when they are Cranking It Up, they use the score board instead of pylon. Don't see a reason why it would make a difference but ok.
[See here](https://www.autoblog.com/2019/05/02/2020-chevy-camaro-ss-emergency-facelift/)
The [old](https://speedwaydigest.com/media/k2/items/cache/4e493b6cc656e24381abf0f1bbaf4383_XL.jpg) NASCAR Salutes logo was way better
The one time the pylon makes sense to use &amp; they use the score board?
Wonder if they could get done by the top of the hour... yellows aren't helping.
Apparently it isn't available for general audiences.
Mexico.
Guessing since its Fox's second to last race of the year
Well its Logano's to lose.
"This. Changes. Everything."
Guess there's gonna be a clash after all.
Dang
So how long until he’s just Lars or Sullivan?
Lost it to Mahal before they got on the plane. Nevermind you can see he has it. lol
Yea I was explaining but then Truth showed up with the belt so question answered lol.
Normal Nikki ➡️🦍➡️ Nutty Nikki
Well Cesaro finally got new gear.
Damn Strowman
No emergency button?
Run 1: Vince’s Chosen One Run 2: Shane’s Lackey
Oh my God you killed rabbit! You bastard!
I think that’s the second time Ramblin’ Rabbit has been murdered on this show.
I think it’s Bray and someone else I can’t remember off hand and they’ve been given free reign on it (for now)
Done.
They broke her Switch!
The old WhatCulture belts
And New Yolo County Tag Team Champions
Don’t think so
Televised murder again
I personally hope its a return to [this](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Tc4CTDn6JBY)
Good times
Has Roman ever not been a wild card since the rule was enacted?
Guys, whenever the interviewer slinks away, adopt a defense pose
2 cards worth of accolades
I knew it
Mourning time over I see.
His (Andrade’s) mom
Another 2/3 falls tag team match?
Could tell its the 'last day of school' in the FOX NASCAR booth today
Guess they’ll hold off on showing that apparent new logo for SDL
Love hearing the cars run through the gears
A ‘silent’ CIU. Thank you. Too bad it’s the last one of the year
Oh. Saw wrong I guess. His usual.
Thanks DW 👏🏼👋🏼
Larry Mac at the Point
Once again Thanks DW 👋🏼
The Man’s man
I found Waldo
Was there another couple that both were top champions in their respective divisions? At the same time that is.
Wonder if this new ‘nothing during the break’ policy is in effect tonight? (Yup)
I guess no harm in doing that. Because of the Freebird Rule doesn’t mean he has to be the one defending it at a given point.
This new ad break/action policy must suck for the live audiences
I don’t think so. It looked like The Revival were stalling outside and the Usos went for the attack right as they were coming out of commercials. Then the bell rang.
Bray is out of the Funhouse.
I don’t know why they just can’t go back to having ads between matches rather than during.
Shenanigans incoming
Looks like he’s still in wedding reception mode
Well now they get to watch them take their time disassembling Miz TV.
Said it before and I’ll say it again 1st run - Vince’s golden boy 2nd run - Shane’s lackey
WHAT?!
I know it’s not gonna happen but it would be nice to hear the glass shatter instead of the gong in a situation like that
You get a reign You get a reign You get a reign
I think the name plate is blank
No gong show tonight
Sonya is at her best in June for some reason.
&amp; that’s (likely) an underpowered version of the real deal.
I like this. Nice job NBC. I wonder if they would alternate between Jeff &amp; Dale for the remainder of the season? 🤔
Boogity Boogity... sorry wrong channel. Green!
...eventually. Hopefully before Monday.
Dinger.
2018 Chicagoland being queued
RIP Peacock Pitbox (soon enough)
Top Gear it is I guess.
No problem with either but TG is new right now. Waiting for the new GT though &amp; their new format.
The last bad weather at the track I could remember was back in 2014 at Pocono. Of note anyway.
Slice Job!
Having my doubts with the radar looking as it does
Safe assumption yes.
Apparently the PA at the track said within the hour.
Ryan talking to his occasional wall Kyle.
One problem I have with both of them using the vertical ticker though is when they scroll from 11-40 its too dark. Could still see but could use a little lightening up.
Speaking of the NASCAR app it doesn't do live race notifications anymore, which sucks. i.e. starts, restarts, cautions, lead changes, finish
Well there's that vibration he was wondering about.
Nice to see HMS competitive again, particularly Jimmie.
New leader: 24
Stalled?
Would’ve been a nice surprise. Would’ve. Sigh.
Never made sense to me.
Well The Revival’s time in the chamber is now. Before being blasted out.
God I wish he drops the Shorty G name sooner than later. He’s a helluva wrestler and should get more than he is.
Well hello there
WWE sure are using those Fox graphics to use. (Well at least I’ve seen them used on other Fox Sports broadcasts for a while before SD moved over)
How much of this is Miz frustrations or turning?
I believe it’s slim to none for the record. Just curious of others thoughts.
Well hello there (Part 2)
Well hello there (Part 3)
Well here we go again -Rowan -Jobber -Jobber checks cage -Rowan clobbers jobber -Done
The hell?!
This Raw set I think for the most part has grown on me, except for the off center talent entrance. That would never work for me.
Just something about it, probably the annoying jingle they start with.
Oh. Nah, just the ad I meant.
Yay?
WWE I guess holding things too close to the vest lately when security keep tackling planned participants
Apparently the guy that got tackled before the last break was the one that just married Lana/Bobby
Using the front camera on the iPhone 11 to record a slo-mo video of yourself. Slo-Mo + Selfie = Slofie ([Apple Video on YouTube](https://youtu.be/7r6XE7ODVDg))
I got 6h 7m yesterday which included some Apple Maps navigation (w/ full brightness and screen on) usage for the better part of an hour. Took account of it when the battery was 20%.
Tough Enough has had its success stories. Here’s one of them
I know Xavier is injured but I wonder why they took him out of The New Day’s graphics
Wait so champions are “contractually obligated” to be at the show? 🤔
Sometimes it estimates locations based on what’s in the picture. For example if your picture had the Statue of Liberty it would estimate that you are in New York. Another case could be if the name of the picture or the description of the picture contains a word that could indicate a location.
Sequential 5 speed gear box? Me likey.
I usually like the scheme to rep the can (in the beverage case eg Miller, etc) but this works for me. Sort of get Flames of Independence (the red, white, blue Axalta scheme) vibe from it.
Hate having to use ‘alternative methods’ to watch WWE programming lately.
Better have slo mo
Ironically they saved all the JoMo SloMo for after the match.
I don’t think that’s an option for me (out of US)
Unless I’m mistaken that would work in the US &amp; only through a cable/satellite subscription/log in
Haven’t been able to watch SD as much as I would like lately. Who’s this guy? (Seen him at least once before)
If you download the image it’ll contain the GPS &amp; time/date. No face tags.
Usually the stream links posted in the race threads help. At least for me when the races are on FS1 or NBCSN.
&amp; there’s the pre-RR RR
It was about ~120 seconds between Charlotte and Naomi.
A lot of wrestlers with wrestlers in the ring currently Beth with Edge Charlotte with Andrade Natalya with Tyson Kidd Naomi with Jimmy Uso
So what happened to Vic?
I was now gonna say. Damn that thing is way bigger than normal.
The 2nd 3MB member gonna be WWE Champ. (likely eventuality). Poor Heath.
McIntyre vs OC. McIntyre wins. Lesnar attacked McIntyre post-match.
Finally. 👍🏼
Looks like a sun beaten version of the regular scheme.
So Backlash may be the first relatively normal PPV in the closed set time.
A lot of the champions around this time are/were first time WWE Champion - Drew McIntyre WWE Universal Champion - Braun Strowman WWE United States Champion - Apollo Crews WWE Intercontinental Champion - Sami Zayn* WWE Raw Women’s Champion - Asuka** WWE Raw Tag Team Champions - Street Profits *was **first reign with that belt
I think he’ll be there. He lives in the area if I remember correctly.
Tag team match (playa?)
I mean what did you expect from an ass kisser like Bartiromo?
I remember when she was “going to just be a daughter”
Going?
Well, at least he didn’t lie and say it was his bible.
Also 2017, 2018 &amp; 2019.
From your lips to God's ears
Oh my God. 🤦🏽‍♂️
Whichever third party app you have available on your computer/phone.
It’s his fault it got as bad as it did in the first place through his inaction. Arsonist fireman.
He can’t even stand up straight. He was always sways side to side and has [that weird stance](https://youtu.be/OD80B2aZYCo)
👋🏼
https://shop.wwe.com/heavy-machinery-steak-body-muscle-tee/36998258DE.html?dwvar_36998258DE_color=No%20Color
Tonight will feature “The Greatest Wrestling Match Ever” according to reports about this Styles/Bryan match.
Dang girl
Well that was... mmm
Nickelodeon!
Well I wasn’t expecting to hear that music tonight.
Yea, I was at the 2015 finale at Homestead-Miami. It was.
🐷🐷🐷🦊
*open Pepsi*
Something about the blue on Newman’s 6 car is making it look reflective
SE Louisiana coast
Nope. No options to set default apps on iOS (currently). It is rumored to be a feature of iOS 14 which is being announced later this month.
So, when Atlanta inevitably has to be repaved should they do more at the time or just repave and done?
Limited crew representation so CCs have to do more than just call the shots. Chase’s crew chief at least was with a tyre earlier.
I wonder if they would reconsider delaying the Next Gen car again? /s kinda
Apparently he is kinda faint coming out of the car.
I wonder if it’s heat stroke? I’ve been there. Wipes you out.
In fairness they saw he was ok, at least until he basically relapsed during the interview.
💩💩💩
👋🏼
Jacques Debris in the ring.
I will never understand why triple threat tag team rules are the way they are in the WWE. Assuming AEW hasn’t had one yet I hope they streamline it there.
If Charlotte tagged on Billie shouldn’t she be the one out?
Exactly.
MVP w/ Shad Gaspard shirt.
MVP new 24/7 Champ... or not.
Last word on him was that he left Impact Wrestling in 2018. (Got curious)
New music for Apollo?
The reviews this Styles/Bryan match are getting I’m surprised it’s not on Backlash.
Well it looks like no race today. Not with the weather outlook. 😞
Pretty much. Last week was brutal. Worst rank I’ve had.
Given that it is on FS1, I doubt that.
God I heard this song so much already for the year (Mania)
Oh boy.
Oh hey, Daniel.
A fight for the command. Well this is a first.
Ace Dillon? Mmm ok.
The hell is that?
Free pass already? Damn.
LaJoie and Hamlin are the big movers. Coincidence.
Heard that? The huge sigh of relief from a lot of the field.
Did Kyle say screw it?
🐷🐷🐷🦊
Apparently having brake issues so he pitted early regardless.
“Once... twice drag race!”
A little of both. Setup, bleh. Overheating issues.
💩💩💩
80% chance of rain Sunday at Homestead.
24% chance through midnight. Don’t think it would be an issue.
💩💩💩
Safe assumption we’ve gone past the darkness level at the 2015 fall race.
Possible.
😞
New Leader 48
If there’s rain it must be very brief/non-factor
Oh Lord.
Didn’t realize how much like Brad Parscale he looks
Oh hell no
Well this segment became disgusting for a whole other reason
Here we go. Let’s see what the hype’s about.
Going all out with the Strowman Express thing.
Kinda glitched Mandy out of there.
Lol Corey. Cole: Look who’s coming back. Graves: Mandy... Cole: &amp; Otis Graves: &amp; Mandy...
[Context](https://www.businessinsider.com/trump-tweet-videos-walking-unsteadily-west-point-ramp-2020-6?amp)
Never happened to my knowledge though as has been seen in recent weeks heat does take a toll on the drivers.
Well he’s not lacking effort.
Been on that track. The smaller one that is.
Polo
Decent amount of 🇨🇺 in this 🇺🇸 broadcast.
Well it looks like rain could be a factor in some form until at least 8pm.
Hopefully would see some of [this](https://streamable.com/tl2111) not too long from now.
There is no qualifying session for this race.
Yup.
Catchfence worked.
Yup.
The most enthusiastic champion coming up.
Random draw.
Argh still haven’t fixed that graphic
I liked the winner of that 2012 race.
Just curious what was the weather like when this race was originally going to run?
I did have spaghetti that day...
They do but not for oval tracks.
Pocono.
You’d think they would go back to 2018 since we did 2019.
Question: is Radioactive always done like this these days? Or just for the final race?
Briefly.
Drano’s camera is ugly.
Couple of laps. 5/6.
💩
6:07pm possible restart
Chug Points Matter.
Alexander. I tuned in late to the NXS race yesterday &amp; the first words out of his mouth were Dale Earnhardt Jr., NASCAR’s most popular driver and I thought, jeez he’s still saying that tag line. Ugh.
That’s his “boom goes the dynamite” I guess.
Definitely. Still ended up winning the championship that day.
Hour+ ago.
💩💩💩
OMG 💩⚡️🤯🤬
Son of a...
Good news is that rain isn’t a factor anymore. Bad news is that lightning maybe.
Rain isn’t a factor anymore. Lightning, 🤷🏽‍♂️
Zeus.
https://www.reddit.com/r/NASCAR/comments/h8zbsw/race_thread_ncs_dixie_vodka_400_at_homesteadmiami/futrb20/?utm_source=share&amp;utm_medium=ios_app&amp;utm_name=iossmf
A little weird seeing Fox cover a Homestead-Miami Cup race.
Well it’s just a matter of who actually gets to use Homestead-Miami’s victory lane for the first time since 2013.
AndStill (WWE update)
I didn’t watch most of it to be honest. Gonna jump in and out until at least Edge/Orton. Gotta see that one for sure.
[They have](https://axaltaracing.com/wp-content/uploads/2018/09/Rainbow3-1.jpg). Oh well I don’t see it happening for other than Darlington.
Rain delay followed by a couple of lighting delays.
It evolved over time to not have those by the time this event rolled around.
That disclaimer was pretty prominent on that ad. More than it usually would be.
💩💩💩
2020 is that kind of year for trends. And everything else.
Just a matter of when...
What could have been for all 3.
Unless something happens it looks like it’s 11’s 🏁
No burn out by order. Wonder why?
Not a bad run for Ace’s daddy.
So there is a VL for the NCS.
There’s the guy that up until just now was the 2nd to last guy to use their VL
Remember this was brought up in the Fan Council a couple of months ago. Answer then as it is now, **nope**.
At least out until Feb.
Not at last check.
One more match
Dang girl.
Well turn about is fair play
Ninja ref
Dang girl.
💩💩💩
‘Dega this weekend. Hell yea.
Jesus Christ. 🤦🏽‍♂️ It’s about time to analyze his tweets to see what he’ll do/not do obviously contradict in the future.
Honestly can’t think of when Talladega has been affected by rain.
Minutes away... from rain. Argh. Oh wait it’s already here.
7:57PM sunset.
I’m guessing yes. Rain would be a factor at least until 4:16p ET as far as I can see right now. Then there’s track drying.
At least it isn’t one of those over produced Radioactives.
Rain should stop in 45 mins. Then no rain after that. 🙏🏼
“we unfortunately cannot sell more tickets for tomorrow's postponed race.” (Talladega Superspeedway Facebook)
Well Logano has a condition. The rest, genetics(?)
Maybe by 4:30-ish rain would be a factor. Until then looks like we’re good.
Just got done with WWDC now ready for NASCAR.
Lol that was a great ending to the command
Wonder how much people would change their flair at least for today. (I would if it can be done via mobile, no desktop currently)
[#IStandWithBubba (via NASCAR YouTube)](https://youtu.be/O4yGn7Oiwv4)
https://youtu.be/O4yGn7Oiwv4 Very.
Hey my Fox is looking much better now. 👍🏼
10L in S1
That’s what I hope is an eventual evolution of stage racing. Keep the stages, keep the points awarded, ditch the caution.
Oh no.
Nope.
The probability of rain is going down. Was 60 something initially now down to 30s.
Damn, I think we may have dodged the rain.
That was a shot from the 2.
Some saves this race week(end) for sure. Damn.
JGR/affiliates falling apart.
36
Brakes issue.
If Bubba wins brace for, “its Talladega, anyone can win there”
Irony of a movie called Talladega Nights &amp; you can’t race at night at Talladega
Oh son of a...
He made a pit stop
🤷🏽‍♂️🤷🏽‍♂️🤷🏽‍♂️🤷🏽‍♂️🤷🏽‍♂️
Home state crowd.
💩💩💩
Speaking of Vince I’m off to the PC. Next stop the Triangle.
Oh look the new guy (again)
A sit in?
Is Nia gonna win the 24/7 belt?
Can’t say I’ve seen two opponents walk out basically side by side.
No crowd run through this week gentlemen
Well that’s one way to reunite those 2
Maybe if he was naming him the Best In The World
Appreciate the effort but just reading some of the comments around you’ll never convince them. People saying Bubba should apologize, be suspended, etc. Jeez 🤦🏽‍♂️
I wish it would do the reverse.
Oh they’ll find a way...
Given the atmosphere these days &amp; now the confirmed visual, I think NASCAR took the right stand here. Turned out to be a misunderstanding/misinterpretation but better that than nothing. Unfortunately Bubba/NASCAR wouldn’t hear the end of this for a while, if ever.
Yup. Just a series of past decisions and coincidences that led to the current circumstances.
&gt;NASCAR looked at 1684 garage stalls across all their tracks. Only 11 had a tied pull down. Only one had a noose. &gt; NASCAR also confirms that the noose wasn't tied like that in the garage stall at the start of the October 2019 race weekend, that it happened during weekend. via Jayski (1), Bob Pockrass (2)
[Should be here](https://m.nascar.com/news-media/2020/06/25/nascar-completes-investigation-into-no-43-garage-stall-at-talladega/). I got them individually from their respective Twitter accounts.
Try rebooting the app to see the changes after updating. In my case I had the app open prior to updating &amp; it didn’t take full effect until I left the app &amp; swiped to remove it from the background apps.
https://twitter.com/bobpockrass/status/1276194657786003462?s=21
Should’ve stayed away from the Facebook comments. I’ve read from people who are clearly misreading a Yahoo Sports article about NASCAR posting the picture today, Thursday, vs last week Thursday and questioning the weather last week Thursday vs Sunday when the picture was shot (judging from the weather) &amp; from when NASCAR initially released their statement. Also another one questioning why it looks like a member of another team is shown in the shot. Or someone else apparently posting a similar noose apparently from a different section of the garage area from maybe years ago. Or someone saying it doesn’t “match the picture released days ago” (there was never a picture released until today) Or that Talladega doesn’t have lights. Um, ok it doesn’t have lights capable for use for night racing on the track but that doesn’t mean it doesn’t have lights at all and even so what does that have to do with anything? Honestly it’s frustrating but more humorous to read.
I guess it’ll take time to roll out across to all users regardless.
No. It was still there as the FBI said &amp; NASCAR agrees. The FBI &amp; NASCAR’s investigations are now both over.
One would be live tonight. Name rhymes with the 4th word in your post.
One of my highlights of this match coming up There it is: *glass shatter* Son of a bitch
The Meme.
+ WWE make more money with a 3 hour show vs 2. I agree with going back to 2 though.
And AJ was never seen again...
WWE gets outbreak of COVID-19 during the week. Puts as much people together in a match to end the week.
&gt; WWE has confirmed to me that Velveteen Dream was in a car accident today, and has been released from the hospital. Sean Ross Sapp
Another (unofficial) lumberjack match.
Wonder where’s Daniel Bryan, Heavy Machinery
I don’t know if you use or used Google Photos to do the colour correction but I’d recommend it. It’s Auto setting clears that right up. Great picture by the way.
Going to be. But doesn’t look to be too long.
Just a matter of when as far as I’m concerned.
At least that’s what they’ve typed...
The amount of crap theories I’ve read on Facebook alone through the comments of any article about the story, there’s some frustration but a little more humor in the ridiculousness of it.
No, but they are dealing with some weepers on the track.
Drizzle stopping in 15 mins. But something starting up a little while later.
Is this the first scheduled NASCAR Cup Series day race on a Saturday (at least in the Modern Era)?
[Back when they were shifting at Pocono](https://youtu.be/IqGwQBMiX1I)
Agreed.
💩💩💩
Only in 2020 we’ll have Fox/NBC mixed season broadcasts.
The centstreams one is working.
Haven’t seen that in ages.
Possible.
Yup. Now updated. Rain in 3 mins. 😞
Another one of those on the verge starts coming. Sadly. (Hey I don’t like it anymore than you do)
1? 🤷🏽‍♂️
Well history was made. NGOTS, NXS, NCS races start on the same day at the same track.
Should be NASCAR.dmg
Well they got 4x more laps than I thought.
Wtf a free pass already?
Really is the worst season for rain/lightning delays
Would be freaky if we saw live action examples of the CBS logo around the track
I think they said earlier this is the 8th. I think that’s a record as far as I’m concerned.
Spencer?
I’m seeing comments about *that*. Just jumped back in. What’s that about?
He’s that upset of not being in the booth anymore?
They have them but only for road courses.
Man that’s crazy. It’s literally raining across the street.
Definitely done. If they don’t have enough time they’ll reduce the number of laps left.
Last light at Long Pond, is 9:13p
Damn Bubba was loose
Guess we’re gonna have the 12’s version. The 18’s version &amp; maybe something else
Damn he agreed lol
Clean pass Clean pants
Like an old western duel with that frontstretch shot
Looks like NASCAR.com got an angle of that crash between the 12 &amp; 18 from earlier.
15 mins till sunset 22 laps @ ~53 secs/lap = 19 mins to run. 48 mins until last light
Past sunset time now
I wish they could show how dark it actually is and/or fans in attendance to show us how dark it is.
So Race 1: 4-11 Race 2: 11-4
Ok Denny, no more Pocono wins.
Still think they should land it on the roof and use it as a secondary camera for the interview.
I hope I could make that jump sooner than later.
Patiently waiting.
Oh WWE contract signings... 😕
Andrade’s FIL-to be.
Who would’ve thought when we were initially introduced to Dominik that he would be around years later now ready to wrestle.
Hey. That’s Edge’s thing.
