Cute puppy there, but I am going to be a Debbie Downer. The way that dog is wearing his seatbelt, it would probably not help him in a crash.
I was selling my jewelry from a gypsy cart at a Renaissance festival. Early in the morning of the first day I was hauling stuff in from my car parked outside the fence. There was a shop up from my cart that had the most amazing glass work hanging from a tree growing g through the middle of the front porch. There was a man there too. Tall, beautiful, dark hair. He smiled at me and my first thought of him was that he looked kind. Not hot, or foxy, or handsome. Kind. Later we met and I asked him if he wanted an apprentice. He laughed at me and said No. Then he said, " but I want a girlfriend. Will you please go out with me?". And I did. Smartest decision I ever made. He was my One True Love. We were one week away from 29 years together when he died this May. I am so fortunate to have had him in my life. Oh, and I got my apprenticeship.
In my home we use a balanced approach like what you advocate. These days it can't be all books, should not be all via a screen.
Okay, Folks. This is barbaric and should not be celebrated here. I'm sorry, but it is this sort of over the top stuff that makes the Dog Lovers look upon us with disgust.
Not a federal crime. He can't.
Dina. I've known her for ages. How to describe Dina? Well, she's got lovely, deep brown eyes, heavily lidded, and a voice like warm caramel syrup poured over coffee ice cream. She is worldly-wise, doesn't take shit off of anybody, and has a heart as big as all outdoors. She gives hugs that enfold you with love and kindness. She makes me laugh. That is a huge gift. Among other things she takes care of her aging, sick mom, distress finishes old furniture, and has an orchard where she grows the most amazing apples and pears. We trade fruit and veggies. My glass art for her food. She is also part owner of a produce warehouse. It is the in between from the farmer's coops and the wholesalers that deal with grocery stores. Oh! I wish you could see the warehouse! A full city block of docks, semis, coolers, and when you enter, ahh, the aroma of fruit. Veggies and fruits everywhere, huge sacks of onions, beans, chiles, mangoes...any grown comestible you can think of. And boxes of the weirdest off brand crackers stacked along one wall. Dina and I respect each other professionally and love each other like sister-friends. I am incredibly fortunate to have her in my life.
That is when I would say, "Oh, you are going to a dog party instead of being my friend? Cool, never mind coming to my wedding, or any other life event with me. Byeee"
I'm doing a trade. Leggings for earrings. So, I'm making earrings tonight.
Oh, I am NOT chugging vodka. I said if I felt like it, I could. But I don't. An occasional glass of red wine with a square of dark chocolate. That's all. last thing I need is to be soused at this point in my life. :-) Actually, it went pretty well, pregnancy-wise. The kid turned out wonderful and he makes me laugh every day. He is into Weird Al and zydeco, and astronomy. And ants. Life has a way of being both odd and cool at the same time.
"Wrapped up in this" as in he might have an ulterior motive for being a pugnacious, blustering, dishonest quisling? Say it isn't so! s/
We had an election in which propaganda, hacking, voter suppression, fraud, all took place. Even then he lost the popular vote. Still, shame on the millions who did vote for him.
I am hoping that some of the aides are hanging around because they are keeping diaries of the daily shit show. Then afterwards they collaborate on a book, done graphic novel style.
Back in the 80s my friends and I would have frequent Monty Python Film Festival and International Potluck parties. Thank you and your cohorts for providing us with such wonderful films. What is your favorite potluck dish?
I love winter too. But I lost my husband this year and I don't have the heart for any of this cheeriness. Or extra expense.
Oh, I *do* fit in there, so nicely! All those nice, honest Americans who would never consider voting for a treasonous, puerile, trophy-wife-owning, thieving grifter like trump. What a sick joke of a person he is! The wheels are coming off of his wagon. I wonder what old pooty-putin is going to do to him for screwing up so badly. I hope trump ends his days in an 8x6 cell, pissing and moaning about how he was president and above the law. Don't bother replying, I am blocking you as soon as I push reply :-)
I always tuck the string up. That way it usually does not get peed on.
The kids are what's keeping me going. Without the necessity of being a parent I think I would simply hibernate permanently. This is not being awesome as much as it is just being loving. My youngest 2 sons are 17 and 12 and they are terrific. My oldest has come back home for a while, and he has been a rock, too. With my youngest, well he is still very much a little kid still, but is at that cusp where he is seeing the world through more somber eyes. In the beginning of the book *Peter Pan* Mr. and Mrs. Darling are watching their small children play with Nana the dog in their yard. Mrs. Darling says to her husband that she wishes the children could remain like they were forever, that it was sad that they had to grow up. Wendy overhears this and it is a sobering realization for her, up to that point she HAD thought she and her brothers would stay the way they are, and so would her parents. My son is experiencing that feeling now so much. I worry about him, he is such a mix of a wonderful happy kid and a very pensive child. He has become afraid of the dark, too. On the other hand, he blows me away with the scope of his interests. He does Russian squat dancing (learned from videos, I never thought a kid of mine would want to learn this particular skill), has his own youtube lego channel, where he does stop-motion stuff, is into ants, snakes, zydeco, and astronomy. And cooking. So, I guess my facing Christmas without being morose s the least I can do. Thanks for your good wishes. I'm just really missing my husband. He was wonderful.
1. Yes. I am planning on my Christmas gift to myself being a long soak in a hot tub of lily scented bubbles while downing a glass of red wine and reading a good book. This will take place on Boxing Day. 2. So many :-) 3. I have always been fond of my "Honeymoon Gift bag" for newlyweds. It consists of a pair of wine glasses, a bottle of decent wine, a small pipe and a bud of good weed, (if they imbibe such), a pair of matching towels, a bottle of apricot kernel oil for massage, a candle with holder, and a gift certificate for a breakfast place near their home, for when they return. 4. Simpler is better. For myself, I like a hike and a picnic. 5. Yes.
Why? Because jilly is a putin suck-up who can't be bothered to do the right thing for her country.
I'm sure this was cathartic. Not sure if this was op's brother or op himself. I hate that a happy song was used in such a manner. Proclaimers ought to take some legal action. At any rate, it is obvious that op's brother's relationship was doomed anyway. She should have been upfront, and he should let it go. People sometimes have sex with other people. Frankly, she might have dodged a bullet. I would not want to be in a long term relationship with a guy who makes abusive videos for whatever the reason. Juvenile and pointless. I'm sure she probably never got to the chorus part, as he went on and on and on with the beginning. most likely she listened to 20 seconds, said, "fuck this shit, I'm better off without him" and is going on with her life.
Why were her parents walking through the desert to come here? What were they trying to escape? Point your finger at those who made life in their country of origin untenable.
No, no I'm not. I have seen a pile of human behavior in my almost 6 decades, and I can assure you of this truth: A relationship in which someone cheats has issues. A good relationship will not have one of the pair screwing around. Whether it is a lack of communication, a lack of respect, a feeling that the cheater needs more, or different, or whatever, there IS more to the story. "Oh, he was just PERFECT, so dreamy. We love each other, we cherish each other, he is smart, funny, lovely in the sack, likes my family, we are total intellectual, spiritual, political matches. Everything is just peachy! Oh, except he fucks around on me." That is what you are saying. That cheating can occur, does occur in a vacuum. Sorry, Niiith, but that is utter nonsense. Show me a cheater and I will show you a person who is not 100% happy in the main relationship, not 100% happy with who they are cheating on, and probably has some reasons. Not all relationships are meant to last forever. OP's brother's was clearly one of those. He needs to stop obsessing, stop making shitty videos, put on his big girl panties and get on with his life. People are NOT possessions. OP's brother did not own his ex. She should have been honest. I would like to know her side of this. I bet she has some real eye openers.
Yeah, so did my husband and I. We shared pretty much everything. We were monogamous too. But, the person I replied to made it seem as if it were snooping on the bf's part, and she was NOT screwing around. So, your comment seems out of place here. Neither was she married to the snooper. Don't you think that he seemed a bit whacko for being pissed that she did not clarify that she had a bf?
There are 3 kinds of snoopers. (based on my observations of people I have known). 1. The Obsessive Snooper. Usually female, with very low self esteem, and very much overwhelmed with being in the relationship. Has a powerful need/urge to know everything about the object of her/his desire and is oblivious to the fact that snooping is an invasion of privacy and breech of trust. Or able to excuse the fact that she is snooping with various massive rationalizations. 2. The Possessive Snooper. Usually male, this one snoops because he is overly possessive, and is looking for dirt. He needs to be in control, and is jealous to the point of abusiveness. 3. The Suspicious Snooper. This sort usually has their antennae up for good reason, has noticed signs that not all is well, and is snooping as a means of self protection.
Trump had better not tweet He'd better not lie He'd better not whine I'm telling you why, Bob Mueller is heading trump's way. Bob's made a long list He's checked it all twice He knows trump's a crook, Who is really not nice. Bob Mueller is heading trump's way. He knows what trump's been up to He knows what all is fake He knows that trump's been bad (not good!) And he won't give trump a break.
I'm of the previous generation so I can give you my perspective. Most of the people I knew, classmates and family were from working class. Thea attitude of our parents, (WWII gen and a bit later) was that we needed to graduate with good grades, by the time we were seniors have it all figured out what we wanted/could do (girls had a harder time getting into some careers) and then either, get a job that you could move up in, such as becoming an electrician journeyman, or, most desired, go to college the fall after graduation. Changing majors was frowned on. getting poor grades was frowned on. Taking a gap year was frowned on. Then we were expected to have a job upon graduation from college, and to not deviate from that. Don't change careers. Don't not work. Also, getting married and having kids was the norm. I was actually screamed at by older cousins for quitting my post college teaching job and becoming an artist. My immediate family were very concerned I was crazy. I think that plenty of people from my generation would have loved to switch jobs but were conditioned not to. Also, I think that today, all of us, no matter the age need to be more flexible. less locked in. In the 80s reagan began deregulating companies, and then after that there was the savings and loan crash. Corporations began moving jobs to countries where wages were lower. So many manufacturing jobs left. Looking back it astounds me how loyal employees tried to be to companies that were not loyal to them. The ability to change careers/jobs is a financial necessity these days
Oh! Good. Thank you. I have read that he had been there.
I don't think dolls are creepy. As long as they don't look like Chucky. Cool hobby.
1. Yes. Your posts are something I look forward to. However, if you are tired or needing to do other work, we will understand. 2. That soon? Oh, gee. This makes me sad. I hope the reason you are quitting this is a happy one. You said "for a while". A long while? Please check in with us. 3. My husband said I would like it and made my account. Then he grumbled I would spend too much time on it! ha! 4. The information that people gave out on all sorts of subjects. The fun arguments and cool discussions. 5. I say "I love you" to my sons several times a day. And they to me. I tell my sister I love her and the other day I told my brother. Life is short and you never know when it might be over. Let people know how you feel. LorelaiGranger, you seem like such a cool person. May your Holiday Season be the Merriest for you and yours.
My work is one of those jobs where I do a thing then need to wait a bit before I go back and do another thing. A process with waiting times. I am cranking out quite a bit of product in between being here.
I'm a glass artist. I have to tell you that slag is *not* worthless, and I have made some damned nice stuff out of slag. It just takes some tools and talent.
I don't suppose we can negate the whole "election"? beings that it really was *not* an election?
Niffler on sale for $13. Gold jewelry not included.
Miss Lynn's music class in 1968.
I looked at the list and, well, I'm sort of in shock. A majority of traits fit me.
Christmas is stressing me out. I can't bypass it because I have children, nor do I want to for my own sake. If I let myself do what my mind wants I'd hibernate with a bottle of wine until April. Fact is this: my husband died 6 months ago, and I'm miserably missing him. Everywhere I turn there is another reminder, breaking my heart. I'm also stressed over the state of my business, and dealing with a dishonest relative. On the bright side, my kids are ok, my sister is coming, and friends brought me 2 cords of wood. I'm doing okay, mostly, I'm just sad. Thanks for your concern and I send you and yours best wishes for a Happy Christmas, too.
Back in my youthi had some cruddy "off the books" jobs. My advice is don't do them. They will screw you on benefits, they skirt safety regulations, and they have no reason to treat you with integrity.
The wood was a nice surprise. My house is weird. It was built by adding onto a one room cabin many years ago, one room at a time. A bedroom used to be a carport, a maid's apartment is now a small bedroom. All done without much supervision. Long before I bought it. It ended up a hodgepodge of rooms, all knotty pine on the inside. But because of the U shape, it sort of needs 2 furnaces. Last year the furnace that covered the kitchen/living room, and main bedroom died. I don't have the money to buy another right now. So, I'm using the fireplace. I traded some of my glass art for the chimney to be swept. Only problem is getting up in the cold morning to rebuild the fire. I can bank it pretty well, but in the early morning it still is cold. The fireplace was one of the reasons my husband and I fell in love with the house. The stonework is amazing and whoever did the woodwork did a lovely job of fitting the wood to the contours of the stones. The front part is done with 5 large slabs of petrified wood done in a diamond/chevron pattern. My neighbors down the street brought us one load of wood on Sunday. We stacked it while we talked. This neighbor and I have sort of an amazing pair of coincidences in our lives, she and her husband are good people. Then, last evening I was outside cleaning up my carport when a strange pickup drove up. This young guy got out and introduced himself as the son of my next door neighbor's business partner. The 3 of them had cut me another load. All juniper and cedar. I'm truly overwhelmed by people's kindness. Having a fire with family and friends gathered around is an act that humans have been doing for millennia. Last night we roasted chestnuts in front of it. One each as they were very pricey. I wanted my kids to see what they were like. We just got done reading Dicken's *A Christmas Carol* and chestnuts are mentioned in it. Honestly, I prefer hazelnuts. Happy Cake Day!!
Trump is connected to Russia/putin. the russian mafia is part of this. Sex/human trafficking is the russian mafia's #1 crime. The kompromat that putin has on trump is far more repugnant a mere pee tape.
I agree with you 100%/ People who breed these animals and the idiots who buy them, and then post videos of them are no better than torturers. Disgusting. Some people have sick ways of stroking their egos.
But, sadly, we see it all the time. Everyday there are people posting on Reddit photos of new kittens and puppies. Although there are already too many cats and dogs without homes. Thoughtless people keep letting their animals breed without thought of the future. And the ones who are breeding the pure-bred sorts, the ones that are manipulated to look a certain way...those are the worst. People are deliberately breeding defects into animals not thinking about how uncomfortable and unhealthy a life the animal is going to be sentenced to. Inbreeding defects into cats and dogs *is* wanting bad things for them. Let's not pretend to be be ignorant about it.
And having to use an outhouse and pumping water from a well. About the outhouse: It was built during the depression by the WPA. (Work Projects Administration) My Grandparents lived too far out of town to be connected to sewer lines so a crew came by one day to build a new and improved privy. I guess my Grandma was ecstatic. She made them did an extra deep hole and insisted on four seats. Two on a higher platform, two lower. Why? they sked her. "Because I have 6 daughters, and we need to be able to accommodate more than one behind at once"Also, she made them install a window up high that opened for ventilation and light, and made them make the holes oval and not round. "Why?" Because that way a little kid would not fall in. She also made them paint it green and make a little rack for magazines. I actually remember this outhouse from my childhood. My mom and aunts had papered it with magazine cut-outs of handsome old movie stars and singers. Spencer Tracy, Clark Gable Eddie Albert, James Cagney and more. It was a very nice outhouse, as outhouses go.
It was not cool. Reenactors normally do not wear all the undergarments that were customary. Our ancestors could have saved themselves some time and trouble if they had simplified their clothing. Especially women's clothing.
I guess you must know how that feels.
Not to me alone but to my siblings and I. When I was a small child in the 60s my father was working for a man who owned a construction company. He fell on hard times and asked my parents for a loan to keep the business going. My parents and some other relatives knew this couple and their daughter, my uncle and aunt were next door neighbors. My parents were not rich, but they were incredibly nice, loyal, and they trusted. Foolishly. They ended up paying out an excess of $10k including covering payroll. They pretty much wiped themselves out doing this. You know what happened, I hardly need write it out. The guy declared bankruptcy and my parents were left with nothing. They moved away from the neighborhood only for us to find out they had recouped their business and were now doing quite well. Decades passed and their name was synonomous with theif in our family. There is more to this story than I can write, but the end is this: a couple of years ago, the daughter and wife got in touch with us. The wife was in her 90s and she said that she had always felt bad about what happened, but had not known the full extent. She had divorced her husband and it was not until after his death and she was going through his paperwork that she saw how large the loans were. He had lied to her as well as to us. We were able to show her cancelled checks our dad had made out to them. She ended up paying us back, splitting the money between us. Our parents having been long gone. She also wrote us each a beautiful letter. I felt overwhelmed. I am so sad that this woman was villified by us for so long, and I am glad to have been able to talk to her as an adult, and let the past go.
After trump dies they can make his grave be the Official United States Privy, and set up a nice gold plated toilet seat over it. Then people can pay to use it. All the money raised can go to immigrant relief funds.
Why does the title of this post contain the qualifying word "might"? Trump *IS* the dimmest. He is also the most dangerous, the most classless, the most despicable. I'm tired of everyone trying to pull their punches on this POS who is sitting his lardy ass in *our* White House. He and his family and other cohorts are traitors and it is high time we all start calling it like it is without hesitation.
Absolute love comes with absolute trust. If you are not feeling that, don't bother getting married.
When I was 20 I was a victim of a violent attack. I passed out for part of it.
I'm also a woman. Prenups are traditionally made to protect men (who often make more money/have a higher salary) from "predatory" women. Let me get this straight: You are wanting to have a prenup in case 1. you or your partner incur brain damage. One too many hits? Just what the frick are you talking about? Are you planning to wed a prize fighter with poor dodging abilities? I can just see you meeting with your lawyers, 2 months before you walk down the aisle: "Make sure you write in an iron clad clause that he gets none of my money in case he gets hit on the head and his personality changes!" Sheesh **or** 2. he is abusive. Well, you don't need a prenup for that. You have the law. Already there are laws in place to financially protect a spouse that is being abused. A divorce is the remedy, along with the justice system. In fact, a prenup might just keep an abused spouse from getting any money from the abuser. An abused spouse with a prenup might be stuck with leaving the marriage with what they entered into it. Prenups are most often introduced by the man who usually has more income potential than the woman. Many a woman in love has been pressured into signing a prenup without a full understanding of all the finer points. Then, years later her philandering husband will leave her penniless. A prenup may seem like a way to make the relationship even-steven, but more often sets up a coercive element in it. The one with the larger income can use that prenup as a weapon to control the partner with less money. If you need a prenup, you should not be getting married. Marriage is about trust, and if that is not there, neither is your marriage. Years from now, when you are at your lawyers dissolving your "marriage" you will find that prenup of yours has totally screwed you over. Not once have I seen a woman who had a prenup not get a divorce, and be devastated financially by it. You do you. But, the fact you have a prenup tells me that your relationship is lacking in both complete trust and respect. Good luck, you'll need it.
If your partner is an abusive ass, getting a divorce is already easy. Once you escape, that is. If a spouse can show abuse, with police and medical reports, then a divorce is no problem. But is you have a prenup, you might leave that abusive marriage with very little.
The candidate *You* wanted was NOT the candidate the majority of Democrats wanted. Jill Stein is NOT a Democrat. She is green party. Just what the fuck "message" were you trying to send? I have a message for you: Jill Stein happily sat at the table with putin. Putin is a man who is responsible for the torture deaths of hundreds of people, many his own citizens. He has ordered the deaths of human rights workers, journalists, teachers, and more. He imprisoned the women of the protest music group, Pussy Riot, taking them from their children. Putin is part and parcel of the russian mafia, and the #1 crime that russian mafia commits is human trafficking, including sex trafficking of children. You say you are not sorry for voting for putin's little Jilly, but you should be. If you are not it shows that you are either ignorant as hell, or a bad person in your own right.
There is no thinking about it, We know she did. Stein herself published a photo of herself, in a fur collar, in front of the Kremlin. She attended a dinner and sat at the same table as putin. Jill IS being investigated by the Senate. She has multiple contacts with RT, is buddies with putin. Just because some schmuck on Reddit is not in the know, does not mean nothing happened.
I had my 3rd son at 41 the next at 47. Life just worked out that way. The last child was the Nicest Surprise We Ever Had. He is 12. Earlier today I bought him his first bike. It will be under the tree on Christmas morning.
Then why have kids talk to Santa, telling him what they really want if all "he" is going to give out is some candy canes and yo-yos? Most parents have enough to worry about doing Christmas for their own kids to worry about the impact that their Santa gifts might have on others. Most older children fully understand that Santa is the Parental Units. If a kid is old enough to figure out what the neighbor kid's gifts costs, and run a mental tally against their own gifts, well, that kid is old enough to handle the truth.
Well, I guess it is a sad day for you, then. :-)
The dog on the left looks like it is either pregnant or nursing.
Andrew Johnson was not great.
Most of the meat we eat is from vegans, with the exception of fish.
I would feel like I had failed him as a parent. No, I would not support his choice. Why? because so much of that industry is populated by people who have no choice, were never given a choice. It also, almost always, portrays sex from a male-power point of view. I am NOT saying ALL porn is bad, but enough of it is, and it has hurt women. I do not want my son to have anything to do with such a business. I would continue to love my son, of course. But I would never feel good about his "choice" nor would I ever compromise my standards to accommodate him.
How do you feel about the fact that so many of the people working within the industry are often victims of exploitation and trafficking? Whether or not your son is being exploited, it would not erase the fact that the chances would be very high he would be helping to exploit others. Even if the people he worked under were very careful, his career choice would still buoy up others within the industry who are not. In my mind, your attitude is tantamount to saying: "My Adult child sells meth. But he is very careful who he sells meth to, and it is natural for people to want to get high. Also, it makes him happy, and that is just what I want for him". Sex is natural, on that I will agree with you. But there is nothing natural about doing it for pay with someone you don't give a shit about, in front of cameras.
There is nothing wrong with fully consenting. Other than it does lend credence to those who do not bother with consent. In the same way consumers cannot always be sure if the goods they are buying are not made by exploited workers. The majority of people who want to buy something shrug their shoulders and go with what is easily accessed and cheapest. It is the same way with porn. Meth sales and sex work are the same as in they are both businesses that have a history of being black market industries, both have been known to exploit and victimize workers, and both provide a product which can be addictive to its consumers. I thought the comparisons are obvious. Not being an apologist for either industry, I can see both the similarities and differences.
Mom of 4 here. For the Tooth Fairy visits I did this: I wrote several tiny notes saying tings like "I love you, your teeth are very nice, you take such good care of them" I filled several Ziploc type bags with various items. Tooth brushes, kid's tooth paste, floss, coins. I then hid these. So when a kid lost a tooth, I could simply relax, knowing that I was all ready.
1. Pleasant. Lots of good food, loved ones here. 2. More of the same as today, along with gifts and a long wak in the woods. 3. Good cheeses. When I was young I would have said all the cookies. Now, a slice of Wensleydale with figs and a glass of Shiraz makes me happy. 4. No. Two separate Holidays, they just happen to be close on the calendar. 5. Love is fun Merry Christmas, Happy Holidays to all here on CC!
Children have died due to his policies. Also molested after being snatched from their parents. Because of his climate change denial, heaven knows how many people will suffer or how many species will be lost forever. I'm afraid that when all is done, he will have been far more dangerous than Arnold. Only 7 people died because of Manson. I think trump had already far outstripped his death toll. Judas only helped kill one person.
More likely OP just does not care and never bothers with cleaning up dog hair.
Well, tell your wife that for crying out loud. If that is really the way you feel, let them go and get on with it.
But, on the upside bernie has no problem with ignoring the obvious fact that he received propaganda help from the ruskies.
They want a nice fat settlement check.
Thank you. This one was fun to write :-)
I always wanted children. I would not describe my wanting them as a "fever", though. It was just a good thing I always knew would be part of my life. I met my husband when I was 29, he was 10 years older. Five years in we had our first, and then 3 more over a period of years. He wanted kids too, and was a fantastic father. We are not rich, (working class artist/craftsman, self employed) but we are good planners and frugal when we need to be. Over the years we have had some disposable income, traveled extensively, (Ethiopia, New Brunswick, France, Myanmar, Mexico, Austria, Germany, Croatia, and several US states) we party, eat amazing food, splurge occasionally on ourselves. We enjoy our lifestyle. And we did all that with our children. All four of my sons are fluent in French, Spanish, German, and of course, Emglish. My 2nd son speaks fluent Japanese. All of my sons enjoy happy lives doing cool things. When kids are babies you do have to make some extra plans for them, but they are incredibly adaptable and portable. I am glad we never thought having a family meant having a shit life living in social and monetary, poverty bereft of good times.
I can understand someone not wanting to be a parent. But I cannot understand the hatred and antipathy towards babies and children expressed here. Children are human beings, too, and they are so vulnerable. I wonder what has caused so many younger people to be so outwardly misopedist.
I live in the US.
You don't have to believe it. You just have to *pretend* to believe it. Then, after all is paid up, tell your parents thank you, and let them know you are still atheist.
I had 4 kids, 3 vaginal birth, the last a c section since he had a prolapsed cord. Labor is intense, I can't lie to you, but it is also very cool. It is your body doing something it is made to do. It is hard to describe, but the pain is not like the sort where someone is sawing your arm off, or punching you. It feels like work. It also usually has obvious stages so you know what is happening. I suggest you read Sandra Steingraber's book *Having Faith.* It is about her having her daughter, Faith, as well as the science of conception, pregnancy and breastfeeding told through an ecologist's eyes. She is considered the Rachel Carson of today. I also like Pam England's books on birth. I know her personally. Both women are highly trained, Steingraber a biologist and England a nurse, midwife, and psychologist. Their approach to the subject of birthing is not uptight or dry, and I can see why some might think they are a bit too touch-feely, but they know their subject from a scientific perspective. I still use the pain control techniques Pam England taught in her birthing classes.
I believed, and I played Santa with my kids. We told them he was the magic of love and that sometimes we helped him out. It was obvious to them that some toys like Lego were not being made by elves at the North Pole. Every year I buy gifts for 2 kids, boy and girl, to donate to our local shelter. Things like art supplies, a small Lego set, sweater, socks, mittens, and a game. Years ago one of my kids asked why we needed to, didn't Santa know about poor kids? And then, before I answered, I saw the look on his face of realization. We still hang out our stockings, but now we all play Santa for each other.
Amazon sells several different models.
I knew I had friends that liked me. I never knew I had friends that would actually *care* for me. I have lost plenty of loved ones this year, dear cousins, a sister-friend to cancer and my husband to a stroke. My husband and I were such a team, and I guess I foolishly thought that we/I was not having much of an impact on others. This is hard to explain. I did not realize the depths of other's feelings for me and my husband, and mine for them. I have been both amazed and humbled, and I am more grateful than I can express here. I also never quite grasped how many people we were inadvertently mentoring.
Your mom has a point.
Totally depends on who is saying it and why.
No one made you click on this post.
Dershowitz is great friends with Jeffery Epstein.
Thank you. You succinctly put into words the truth we need to know.
Never.
I am not a bro. And I know what you were referencing. But, that spider IS, or I should say, WAS, a Bro. A bro spider, horny little pedipalps all ready for some hot spider woman action. ("Hey, SpiderBabes, wanna check out how perfect my palps can fit you?") There it was, all decked out for a spidery date, when, all of a sudden, it was engulfed in an ooze of sap, trapped for all time. Leaving behind some unhappy spider babe who was stood up.
So, were you made to do this?
Yes, it is true, but does not always happen. read some articles on it. Interesting stuff. I do not know if spiders "get their rocks off". I am going to assume that they do, but, remember, they are working in different bodies than us and results might vary. There is clearly an urge to merge.
150 years ago, birth control was poor to non existent. And abortions were far riskier since there was no antibiotics.
Dewlaps.
Turpitude-dude Racist Ugly Mean Puerile Not a true president. Not for a single moment. After he is dead and gone they should install a port a potty over his grave, and charge folks a dollar to crap on it. The US could pay down some of the debt trump is racking up.
My brother never had his out, no problems. I had mine out as they were sideways and pushing on the roots of my other molars. They were not through the gums, and the dentist did all 4 at one go.
Well, I suppose some young boys might have peeked at native tits featured in National Geographic. Poor dears. Those boys probably gave it up and just went for guys after seeing those pics. I should explain, I am a woman. And while there are photos of naked breasts in vintage National Geographic, there were also wonderful articles.
You never know these days.
ahhh!
The milk is made by the cow to feed her calf. Lactation is initiated by hormones, and it takes a pregnancy to get it going. In the old days, the cow would be allowed to have her baby nurse for a few weeks, then be trained to drink the milk from a pail, slowly weaning it. The farmer would have milk to use and sell, the calf would get some .
Actually, it is pretty sad for the animals. I have to admit, I love dairy products. But I wish ag business treated the animals better. Cattle are smart animals who have a need for others, the whole thing is sad. Many if not most dairy producers do not need actually put their cows out to pasture. And they traditionally only did that once. Milk in the morning, let the cows graze. Bring them in, milk them. This video was disturbing. Try to imagine how you would feel if dogs were being treated like this.
No. Depression is often temporary. Why use a permanent solution? There is therapy and medicine. Even in the midst of depression, Life is better than not-Life. The majority of those who tried, and failed to kill themselves, report that they are glad they survived. Please, get help. We do not know you, but, we still care. You are a human, and you have every right to live your full, allotted life. With the nomal amount of contentedness and happiness. While you are alive, ther IS hope.
My children's children will be my blood, and they will be family. I hope that, first, my adult children will be able to be in a good place in their lives, when and if they ever have children. Second, I am happily willing to be there for them, as much as my health allows. I will do the utmost for any of my children, or their future children. No resentment, just love. Third, I hope and believe that my adult children will continue to behave responsibly, and to use good sense, so as not to make it so that I, as a widowed 60 something, won't have to raise another family on my own. But, if need be, I will be here, with open arms. editing to add: I think in some ways things are harder. I mean, we all know that to be true. If ever there was a time for ALL family members to pull together, to cooperate in life, to help one another out, now is that time. I cannot imagine not helping my offspring, if it were in my power to do so. They have certainly been here for me.
I am very glad that the Mirena IUD works so well, *for you.* But, your statement that it should be mandatory for ALL girls upon starting menstruation is asinine. Mandatory? Who are you to say this? Who would you have enforce this? Would you be happy with a Federal IUD Compliance Squad, going house to house, or school to school giving young girls mandatory invasive pelvics? You DO know, do you not, that some girls as young as eight (8) reach menarche? Just because YOU did not have a bad time with insertion, does not mean ALL women had it so easy. Where is your empathy? Lacking apparently. Another point you may not know is that there is currently SEVERAL class action lawsuits against the makers of the Mirena, for a number of issues, including post removal infertility, chronic pain, bleeding, lack of sex drive, implantion inside the walls of the uterus, (this often leads to hysterectomy) and a delightful problem, pseudotumor cerebri (PTC), which is the build-up of fluid in the skull, which HAS resulted in women with brain damage. I repeat, Jolly for you regarding your positive expereince with the Mirena. But, there is NO WAY in hell that it should be mandated. For any woman, of any age. editing to add, The government should never be allowed to require any of its citizens to ever Use birth control, not use birth control, have a baby, or have an abortion. The government should butt the hell out of our reproductive private lives.
Why don't you make a sign informing them to NOT clean? **Attention Lady(ies)!!** Please do NOT engage in any post-coital cleaning of my abode!! I am heading to work soon, please make coffee. I had fun last night, and I hope/trust you did as well. Cheers, Chismoto
Nahh, it was not mean. no worries. hard to keep all those square-jawed heroes of old novels straight in your head. I will name several characters and you tell me what book they are from. Some will be older books than others. 1. Edward Rochester 2. Robert Langdon 3. Tom Joad 4. Helen Burns 5. Nelly Dean 6. James Halliday 7. Roger Chillingworth 8. Sancho Panza 9. Vito Corleone 10. Jo March.
She was out campaigning for her dad. She has not said one negative word about him. She knows what butters her toast so she will keep her mouth shut. She has defended him, stood up for him, stood at his side, smiling. Tiffany is the best of a piss poor family. Unless and until she denounces donald she is trash. Also, she went to the UK on the taxpayers dime.
Hemp makes wonderful paper.
Doubt is normal. Our minds tend to worry, and imagine the worst. Maybe it is a self-protective exercise.
I was slut shamed in my 20s. I shrugged it off. I was having fun, being responsible, and knew that the worst of my nay-sayers were both hypocites and jealous. The tag that bothered me most was "artsy-fartsy".
It was 1979. I was 19, living at home.. My Dad was sick with cancer. It was a hot summer day. All 4 wisdom teeth were sideways, pushing the next molars, and there was no way they were erupting normally. I walked to my dentist...10 long, hot blocks. I was given novacaine. Nothing else. I just about tore the arm rests off the chair. All 4 out at one go. Damned good thing, too. I would not have been brave enough to go back for Round 2. I almost blacked out as I was paying the bill. $450. Earned by scrubbing toilets. I was going to school full time and working nights. My Dad felt bad for me and began making me milkshakes. I realized he was adding his super-duper nutrition shakes to them. They cost so much! He told me I was too skinny and I was working too hard and he insisted. So, for several afternoons we sat at the table, talking, drinking shakes with a zillion calories in them. Looking back, Thanks Dad.
What does it matter where a corpse is buried? Moving a body is almost like agreeing that certain ground does have mojo. What a waste of time and money.
Except HRC won the popular vote. And massive fraud went on. This cannot be ignored.
My father was one of the soldiers in the 45th Infantry Division. He told me about it only once. He said that they were in a column heading towards Munich when a messenger on a motorcycle rode up to the head to talk to the leader. Word was passed back that there was a prisoner camp near and they were ordered there. Before they reached the camp they could smell it. He said that it had been a cold April, with snow some days before. On approach there were mounds covered with partially melted snow. He assumed they were trash, or some sort of debris. When they got close they saw it was bodies. Rail tracks had box cars parked, with more bodies. He said the stench was indescribable. The closer in, the worse it got. There was fighting, but I don't think he himself shot anyone at that point. He did tell me about US soldiers beating camp guards, and also about prisoners going wild to attack what few guards that remained. I wish I had been older when he told me, and a better student of history. I was so sad for him, it made it hard to ask for clarification. He talked, staring out the window, but he was seeing it all in his head again. He said that one of the worst was having to keep the inmates in because of typhus contagion, that some were near frantic. He told of one person who was shot by an American trying to get out.
I saw 4 wheels.
First, my condolences on your loss. I am sorry that you have had to deal with any vitriol on top of grieving. Parents die. You lived your life and did your best to provide for your own family. Please quit beating yourself up. You did fine. Your wife and baby needed you far more. It is not as if he was all alone. If he was ill all your life that must have been an emotional burden. Try to let it go. Look at your beautiful wife and child. Take the energy you are spending on regret and grief, and channel it into them and you. Be the dad yours was not. Rage into kindness, illness into health, worry into joy. If your relatives give you any problems, simply interrupt them, say you have to go and hang up. Or block them emailing/texting you. Live your life guilt free and in the best way for you and yours.
Here is a breakdown: 1. My house needs painting. 2. I cannot afford to have it done. 3. I am a short woman with rheumatoid arthritis, pushing 60. 4. I can paint it myself but it will take weeks and I am scared of heights. 5. She has money. And she likes me. 6. I am all tied up in knots over this. 7. I saved her from an attack when the former owner of the house, a huge man in his 70s broke in using a key he kept. He beat her trying to rape her, and I called 911 and set off an alarm. I was scared he had a gun so did not do more. 8. I have been told to graciously accept. 9. I am still uncomfortable.
:-). You really think I'm sort of being nuts?
Why protect his user name? He is making a point of outing us.
*In the year 6565* *Ain't gonna need no husband, won't need no wife* *You'll pick your son and your daughter, too* *From the bottom of a long glass tube.* (Zager and Evans) This idea is a horror show.
Adoption can very much be a horror show. It can also be a wonderful, live saving action. Sadly, adopted kids are more likely to commit suicide, have poor grades, be substance abusers, be abused. Thanks for ignoring my points. Actually investing your own life in gestating and birthing a child does make a parent more involved, less apt to abuse. I know this is a blanket statement, but that does not make it less true. There are many sites/forums made by adoptees who detail the egatives. Also ones for birth mothers. Maybe you are not aware of the baby snatch era. Or that those crisis pregnancy centers funnel women to for profit adoption agencies, usually run by right wing organizations. You are right. Pigs have a hell of a life. So let's go ahead and fuck them over even more! Why not? Why bother with trying kindness when we can torture and use another species for our own ends? Or another human? Your paper cut argument is ridiculous. What you are proposing is a far cry from antibiotics. Oh, here is *another* fact based argument:. Babies are not mere lumps pre-birth. They are rocked in the womb, and they can hear the voices of their family. They are born recognizing the voices of their parents, siblings. A pig uterus/Frankenstein machine would deprive a child of normal gestation. Of course, this is a moot argument. It is a silly idea. We can't even seem to get it together enough to make a perfect voting machine. A baby making machine is far beyond our current capabilities.
You whipper-snapper!
Thank you.
relevant haiku: *My heart is a stone* *Allanite long you want me.* *But I am not gneiss.*
How wonderful! Thank you for making our world a better by the work you do.
I think Ms. Warren's cleaving to the notion that she is a teensy-weensy bit American Indian is silly, very silly. She has proven she has a wee drop of indigeonous blood but so what? Other than that, however, I like her and unlike the author of this artcle, I will happily vote for her should she get the Democratic nomination. If Kim Tallbear decides she cannot vote for Warren in the general election she needs to understand that she might be complicit in bringing about another trump stint. But good on her! She hates the idea that any blonde woman who has been told by all her relatives that long ago there were Native Americans in her family history, grew to believe it, to take an interest in that idea, has the actual gall to claim it and try to prove it. Good for Ms Tallbear for deciding that a Warren family tale based in loose fact is enough of a reason to state that she would not vote for her. Forget the Ms Warren is smart, qualified, honest, dedicated. Fuck her for beleiving what she had been told and for taking a bit of pride in it. DNA testing is NOT adding to the genocide of NAtive Americans. What an asinine idea. This line was particularly hateful and wrong: *Be it by the barrel of a carbine or a mail-order DNA test, Indigenous people must disappear for the United States to thrive.* What rot. The United States has thrived. More or less, depending on factors that have not much of anything to do with any Native Americans living here. I hate the reservation system, and I am sorry for the history of what has happened. But, it did happen. In the same way that happened in various areas of every single country on Earth. Humans of all sorts have been moving in on other's area's, and they have fought for land, fought for cultural identity. In the course of all this fighting there has been much shifting of peoples, with ideas, inventions, ways of doing things have been stolen, traded, bartered, shared. The simple fact of what happened in North America is this: A war for this land took place over a period of 3 centuries, with many battles, many peoples, much bloodshed, atrocities committed by both sides, and also good deeds. The indigenous peoples were outgunned, outnumbered, overwhelmed. But not entirely wiped out. Hence the reservations. I live next door to one. This article is from January. Since then Ms. Warren has apologized for trying to prove she has native blood. We can only think she MUST have been convinced if she went through with the test and made such a to-do about it over the years. It was for her a point of pride, not a means to committ genocide.
I frequently have such thoughts. Just the sheer unlikeliness that we individuals exist. Ask your parents how they met. Sobering, eh? We are all the direct result of at least one orgasm. What if mom had just wanted to sleep? No nooky that night? No You. The chance that out of the zillions of sperm who could meet that egg, the one that won the race, resulting in You is so vanishingly small it boggles my mind. And we see all these people, and each one of us has a full life and we act as if most are just NPCs.
well, yes. I sort of write/think silly-happy poems up often. And I freaking love haiku. I used to write silly sexy haiku on shopping lists for him. By the bye, I want you to know I did NOT format my comment like that. Danged autocorrect. Know how to turn it off?
In no particular order: Amethyst Tourmaline Fluorite Garnet Quartz (I know amethyst is a quartz, but I love all varieties, clear, smoky, citrine, rose, blue) Oh, and moonstones. they simply send me. Honestly, I do not think I have ever met a mineral I did not like. I started out in the 80s doing silver smithing and lapidiary work, now I work mostly in glass. Oh..Iolite. damn that stuff is lovely. Had to add that.
Overall, just fine. With some glaring exceptions. I had a surprise baby at 47. We thought we were done and I was supposedly menopausal. For 5 years I was. Then I fell pregnant without a period to let me know things were chugging away again. He is a wonderful kid. But, a few nosy-parkers told me to abort. Or accused me of trying for a girl since my other kids are boys. Like I cared or would plan a pregnancy with at 47 and a husband who was 58 at the time. I was a Fierce Mom, I walked by pregnant belly out anywhere I needed to go, breastfed my toddlers in public, packed them around. If anyone had ever given me a bit of trouble I would have ripped them a new one. Excuse me? I'm producing a new human here and you had better be nice. Sadly, I have seen plenty of mom/dad/parent shaming here on Reddit, along with some pretty hateful stuff said about kids. Even on women forums that tout themselves as being inclusive and tolerant.
Lovely. I have collected a few not too far away.
Not like she planned that or had a choice.
I agree. And it is fun stuff to cut. I have some nice slabs of obsidian, which I am using with dichroic glass, like an opal doublet. Then I sandblast carve a design in the obsidian side, and finally shape it all and polish on my wheel. So, double sided pendant!
After you pay, you own the articles. A store has no right to detain you, ask to see a receipt, (unless you sign a contract like Costco), or prevent you from leaving. If they believe you stole from them they can stop you. Here's what I would do if it happened to me: Write a letter being as brief as possible, telling what happened. Call the store and ask for the name of the manager and get the letter to him/her. Make a copy for your records. Go online to the corporate website. Find their toll free number, call it and complain. Ask for the CEOs mailing address and send him a copy of the letter. If you know the name of the employee, out him. Usually companies try to make things right. And, unless they bend over backwards making it up to you, don't return. Let them know. Feel free to bad-mouth the store to all your friends and family.
The lying liar lies; and, having lied moves on: nor all our Anxiety nor Ire Shall lure her back to retract half a line, Nor all our tears wash out a word of it. (apologies to Omar Khayyam)
Both Muslims and Christians were involved in the slave trade.
Many are and I have seen it here, on Reddit, more times than I can count. Sneering at women who are mothers. Sneering at women who do not think prostitution is empowering. (it is. it empowers the man-customer and the men who run the porn industry and the trafficking industry) Also, when any woman makes a choice to engage in behavior that grovels for the patriarchy, it makes it that much more difficult for the rest of womankind. When I had my kids, not once did anyone give me trouble for being pregnant. Or for breastfeeding. Now, it is younger women as well as men who are shaming women for nurturing children. I have seen this. Being childfree is great. Shitting on those who choose to parent is not. I have seen so many hateful things said, on major woman oriented subs, and on FB, it is sad. It is not just this issue. Basically, many women are rolling over for the patriarchy in many ways, while thinking that they are being all free.
The thing is, you were pretty insulting with your correction. This is no place for snideness.
Hey. Nothing says congratulations like a herd of men blasting away at the sky.
That is **NOT** a denial. So on and on it goes? A lot of Armenians died? The Ottomans had their reasons? If that was how cenk finally admits that the Armenian genocide happened, that was about as weak a statement he could have made. You know, he has many of trump's qualities. Loud mouthed, argumentive, loose hold on the truth, manipulative.
Why do you say "I work as a doctor" Are you a doctor?
Prudish? Funny that you say that. I am about as unprudish one can get. We are strangers to each other. But thank *you* for gatekeeping me, and dimissing my opinions by calling me a prude. Nice! Okay, let's go back on my points: Crotch shaving. You do realize that this fad has its roots in the male-run porn industry? Guess who does not have pubes? little girls. Do you think that it helps young girls entering puberty feel better about themselves to be told their pubic hair is dirty and needs removing? Does the billions of dollars women pay to remove their pubic hair improve their lives? Does having a shaved vulva make anyone respect you more? No. Does the pain involved make you a better person? Child hate. I get not wanting to be a parent. That is a very personal choice and it is good to have the personal insight to know that you may not be a good parent or simply have no desire to have kids. But this is not an excuse to be free to use hateful slurs against women who do choose to parent or use slurs like crotch goblin about children. If you think I am being prudish for disliking the current barrage of child hate, that is your problem, not mine. Tell me, what is feminist about publishing pictures of your spread open genitalia online for everyone to see? Does that help you? Does it make anyone respect you more? Does it give you better prospects in your career? (not including sex work) Does it make your family proud? Does it make any part of life better for women overall? Hell no to all of these questions. Does denigrating older women make you a feminist? You just did that to me. Does insulting me, an older woman make you a better person? Does your attempt at shaming me by calling me, a total stranger to you, a prude, make you a better woman? a better feminist? Gee, I hope so. Feel that empowerment! you GO gurrrl. Most women and girls in the sex industry are there not by choice. So those who choose it and try to normalize it are actively harming others. I do not hate young women, as I thought I made clear in my opening remark. Like I said, you do not know me. But I do despair for all of you. Young men as well as young women. There is a toxicity now that that is not helping, that is actually making your lives harder. The labels, the snideness, the embrace of patriarchal tropes, the all-or-nothing attitude that everyone needs to fall into lock-step is not helping. Your remark to me was very illustrative. Thanks.
He lied repeatedly about Sam Harris. I think he knew all along that the Arminian Genocide was a fact.
Beautiful. Wouldn't you love to know who made it?
I wish we would start by punishing the owners as if it was they who commited the attack. Whatever criminal penalty would be given if they had wielded a knife to inflict the injuries.
&gt; People under 18 can't get hormones. They can get puberty blockers to delay puberty until they are old enough to decide whether they want hormones or not. What the hell do you think puberty blockers are? Soda pop? Read the Wikipedia article for starters. https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Puberty_blocker
Municipal sewer workers.
There is a continum scale of creepiness. Biden touching women on their shoulders is odd but not anywhere near as bad as drugging women into unconsciousness and then raping them.
An incomplete List of People and Animals who are Cute. 1. You 2. Baby birds that are do ugly they are cute. 3. This little girl in my art class. Deep brown eyes, dimples, etc. 4. Emma Watson 5. My kid. Olive skin, unfathomable brown eyes, engaging grin, fun attitude. 5. Oscuro the Squeaky Cat 6. My neighbor, Linda. 7. My sister with her fierce, indomitable spirit. 8. Audrey Hepburn
During the Depression and WWII my Dad had to hitchike quite a bit so he always had a soft spot for hitch hikers. He got popped once by a cop for picking one up, and he chose to go to court to fight it. He got a cousin (his nephew) who was a banking lawyer to go to court with him. I guess they told the judge how we are all supposed to help the fellow in need, and he had his ticket dismissed. On camping trips he stopped for a few people over the years. One guy we gave a ride to had a dog and at some point Dad stopped at a burger stand and got us all burgers, fries and an ice cream cone for the pooch. I hitch hiked once when my car broke down and a nice young guy gave me a ride to town where I could call for help. I'm a woman and I gave a few girls rides over the years. Because of the chance of meeting a crazy person hitch hiking is something best not done.
Maybe it sticks in the craw of some people, how Russia supported sanders with a shit ton of anti HRC propaganda,and how he blamed Clinton for "allowing" it to happen in the first place. Or other might be that some take umbrage at how he uses the DNC for his own ends when it suits him, but is not a Democrat. Even though he said he would remain a Democrat after the 2016 election. Then again, I bet some people are pissed at sanders for repeatedly voting against the Brady bill. Or perhaps it's just because he totally lacks any foreign policy knowledge. Or maybe it is because he comes across as the crochety old fart he is.
Well, I love my sleep and games, but I also like eating peeing and walking around a bit.
Just Dad, I think.
You are correct. My mistake, for some reason I have had it in my head his Bug was light blue.
She looks very calm for having her tit bit.
Well, I'm not sure. Certain things made me feel...older. Working my first job, dealing with the death of my Dad, dealing with a life and death situation calmly, helping people who really needed me. But probably the time that it really hoit me that the buck stopped with me, most profoundly stopped with me, was when I found I was expecting my first child. This was the time that there was no excuses, no one else better to deal with things. It was both terrifying and freeing.
I was bitten on the hand as a kid. I was leery of dogs after that, and also I felt guilty. It seemed like so many people liked dogs, why was I afraid? What was wrong with me?
I live in a semi-rural town that backs up to a huge forest. We have bears, coyote, moutain lions, bobcats, elk, that live in and about the town and wander around, daily, nightly. Guess what animal I am most afraid of, who has nearly attacked my kids, and have killed off my sweet hens?
I think alcohol removes the veneer, so the hidden or suppressed stuff comes to the surface.
For dry goods, maybe. But, I want to be able to see the meats, vegetables, fruits with my own eyes, to check for freshness or ripeness.
I thought this was going to be some joke, on the "Canadians are so polite" meme. And he was. But I was not expecting everyone to watch him be manhandled, and how quickly that woman took the mike away was disturbing. Whole thing makes me unhappy.
Well, yes.
I had some jackass tailgate me yesterday, for miles. Empty road ahead of me, plenty of space behind, and instead of passing, he decided to get so close I could barely see him in my mirrors. MAde me nervous.
This article is to promote bernie sanders. But in no way is it truthful. Voting rights are restored to most convicts upon release in most states, and some only after parole is completed. Only 2 states require an ex-convict to petition his state government for the right to vote. The problem with sanders' wish that all criminals in prison getting to vote is the logistics. And some other reasons. All prisoner mail is checked by hand for contraband. Gee, who would have thought anyone would be so low as to use mail call to get drugs and weapons into prisons? Since the vote is supposed to be private, that mail checking thing would violate laws. I am sure that criminals would have to vote via absentee ballot. Now, I know that there are some folks who have been convicted are innocent. And some have harsher sentences than warranted. But, the vast majority in prison are there because they commited a crime. And frankly, I don't think they should get to vote. Why should the likes of john allen muhammed and gary ridgway have the right to participate in society? Why should all the skin heads in prison get the vote? Fuck them. Until they have fully paid their debt, they should be persona non grata.
&gt;you can sit there and call the premise of the article a lie. because it IS a lie. Only 2 states require all ex-cons petition the governor for restoration of rights. Most states restore rights upon completion of the sentence and parole, others allow rights restored after release from prison. Where is your sympathy for victims? How many people have had their voting rights removed permanently because some dirtbag decided to kill them?
The Constitution provides protection against cruel and unusual punishment. This is why we know longer have the dunking stool, the pillory, the hanging tree. What is draconian? In 2 states, out of 50, an ex-con has to sit down and write a letter asking for his voting rights to be restored. A letter. "Dear Governor _____ I have completed my sentence and my parole. Would you please restore my voting rights? Thank you for your consideration. Sincerely, Ex-Con " Now, was that so goddamned hard? So fricking draconian? No. it was not.
Um...the title is *The US is the only democracy to permanently deny voting rights to felons for all crimes* And that is demonstrably NOT true. Only 2 states require an ex-con to ask the governor for voting rights to be restored. And most often they are. There is no permanent denial of voting. 2 states allow full suffrage while in prison. The rest, except for Iowa and Kentucky, allow rights restored upon either completion of the sentence and parole, or upon release. The whole article is a lie.
Maybe because the vast majority of people in prison hurt people and decided to shit all over society. Maybe because the logistics of prisoners voting would be a mess. only 2 states require ex cons to ask nicely to have their rights restored.
No! What you just typed is not true. It is a lie! Read the following: https://www.nonprofitvote.org/voting-in-your-state/special-circumstances/voting-as-an-ex-offender/ Below is from http://www.ncsl.org/research/elections-and-campaigns/felon-voting-rights.aspx In Maine and Vermont, felons never lose their right to vote, even while they are incarcerated. In 14 states and the District of Columbia, felons lose their voting rights only while incarcerated, and receive automatic restoration upon release. In 22 states, felons lose their voting rights during incarceration, and for a period of time after, typically while on parole and/or probation. Voting rights are automatically restored after this time period. Former felons may also have to pay any outstanding fines, fees or restitution before their rights are restored as well. n 12 states felons lose their voting rights indefinitely for some crimes, or require a governor’s pardon in order for voting rights to be restored, or face an additional waiting period after completion of sentence (including parole and probation) before voting rights can be restored.) If you want to be able to vote in every election maybe you should not be a fucking criminal. You can't shit all over other people's rights and expect to have none of yours be taken away for a while. Frankly, I'm happy that dennis rader and his ilk can't vote.
Well, that has never happened. And I bet that an ex con would be very likely to vote for a governor who restored his right to vote. Makes sense.
Why does that make it worse? Other laws vary from state to state. MOST ex-cons, get to vote again. A few have to ask nicely. A few real baddies are told to suck it. Sad day for them.
Well, let's see. In Germany if the crime involves election fraud, intimidation of voters or treason. In France there are various laws that disenfranchise depending on the severity of the crime. In Bulgaria, Luxemburg, Slovakia and the Netherlands it is up to the trial judge to decide. "In Germany, Portugal and Norway, prisoners lose the vote if they have been convicted of crimes that targeted the state or democratic order. That means that average burglars do not lose the vote, but someone convicted of an act of terrorism or political violence would." Iceland confines its ban to serious offenders, arguing that such people have lost their civic right to vote by committing a crime that is "considered heinous by public opinion"" You know, you can use Google yourself to answer your questions.
I don't count that as an apology.
I think that anyone who commited a crime should have his voting rights taken away for the duration of his sentence and then, after completing his sentence and probation should have full voting rights restored. Apparently no one else here agrees with me. The article is wrong, and most states do not disenfranchise ex felons, with only a few states requiring an ex con to petition the state. I wish somone here who has downvoted any of my comments would please answer my questions: Why should the likes of gary ridgway and terry nichols be allowed to vote? Why is there seemingly zero compassion for any of the thousands of victims of all the violent offenders?
Yeah, I do think that all incarcerated convicts should have zero say in politics during the time they are in prison. Upon release, fine, give them their full rights back. Once their so-called debt to society has been fulfilled, restore their right to vote. Until then, boo-fucking-hoo.
Your comment made me think. I wanted to know just how many non-violent offenders are in prison. So, I Googled the breakdown of inmates by crime. The top result came from the federal Bureau of Prisons. Here is the link: https://www.bop.gov/about/statistics/statistics_inmate_offenses.jsp Now, I want to say that I think weed should be decriminalized across the board. Other drugs, like opiates, not so much. The 45% of all prisoners being drug offenders says much about all of us. A guy peddling opiates may not be murdering people. But, this does not mean that no one is dying from those drugs. Or lives are not being ruined via child neglect, employment issues, (can't work if you are doing mega oxycontin) and other issues. Addicts do die. They also commit crimes in order to fund their addiction. In 2017 over 70,200 people died from using opiates. Now, the dealer might not have stabbed them, but, those folks are just as dead, and the dealer was complicit. Non-violent? If it was YOUR brother, your child, your buddy...would you be so cavalier? What other non-violent crimes are there? Fraud, embezzlement, burglary and such? Have you ever been the victim of a burglar? Give me one legit reason a burglar should be able to vote. lay out your thought process. Why should a person who defrauds folks be allowed the vote? They may not be murderers but they are ruining lives. People have killed themselves after falling victim to fraud. If it was your loved one, I wonder how bleeding heart you would be. After a non-violent offender is released from prison, by all mean, restore his full voting rights.
I'm not sure if a scan would be needed for a repeat felon. Don't we already tend to incarcerate people who repeatedly commit crimes? The chance of misread scans would worry me about your proposal.
Okay, look at the title: *The US is the only democracy to permanently deny voting rights to felons for all crimes* This is not true and I have given several sources that show this is not true.
I am very opposed to weed being a criminalized drug and am a staunch advocate for legalization at state and federal levels. And all people with weed convictions should be released (if incarcerated) and should be given full pardons. That being said, other drugs, like opiates, are really not victimless crimes. And tim McVeigh is really dead, since he was executed years ago. And good riddance to bad rubbish.
Thank you.
I am not lying, I have repeatedly given links to government sites or copy and pasted directly from those sites. I 100% agree that upon fulfillment of a sentence and parole ALL ex-cons should have full voting rights restored. But bernie sanders is wanting people still in prison to vote. Which is clearly stated in the article.
Um...the article goes into detail about bernie sanders and his wish that all prisoners be allowed to vote WHILE STILL INCARCERATED. I agree, once a convict is released from prison, restore all rights. And in most states that is done. Only a few states require an ex con to petition for voting right restoration. And that needs to change.
I have written that I think ALL weed convictions should be overturned. Now. Today. I am so sorry you are incapable of grasping what you read.
Armenia. Armenia is a parliamentary representative democratic republic with a multi party system. Felons are banned from voting even after release from prison. Belgium. Belgium restricts certain convicts from voting while in prison and restrict certain ex cons from voting depending on the crime. Chile. Chile has a representative democratic republic. Felons are banned from voting after release.
Your first comment is deleted...want to try again? People who commit crimes severe enough to be imprisoned have many of their rights taken away. This includes voting. If they wanted to be involved 100% in our democracy they should not have been criminals.
Not all babies cry at birth.
I hate all the turtle maligning.
It gets more brittle and harder to carve detail. I'm mostly a glass artist but I have also cut stone for decades.
Seriously? First, you do not know me. Or my kids. When I facetime with my oldest son tonight I will tell him what you said. He is in Ethiopia, on his second stint in the Peace Corps. I will repeat for you my main points. People who break the law have no right to be involved in helping make the laws. After they have paid their debt to society, then those rights should be restored. This idea is not only my opinion but also happens to be the law in nearly every US state.
No, but my husband was. Way back when, sadly, not a geology major, but an economics one. My story is, when I was a kid a neighbor was a lapiadarist and I became fascinated with minerals. He used to let me watch and taught me much about stones. I still make all my own cabs. I became a silver smith/jeweler/painter in my mid twenties. All my life I have collected rocks/minerals. And having things about like chisels and a dremel tool, I began carving. Things like bison, birds, faces. Now, I am mostly working in glass. Well, for the past 30 years I have been working mostly in glass...I still cut some stone, but one of my sons has more talent at it than I do, so I gave him most of my rock stash.
Not for me, no. There is aways something new. Friends, places to go, new foods, the kids changing as they grow, music, politics...it all seems to be continually changing.
Non violent crimes? Like dealing opioids? According to the NIH, 130 people are dying everyday from opioid overdose. Those people are just as dead as if the dealer bashed their heads in with a pipe wrench. How many kids are being hurt and neglected because their parents are addicts? Seems violent to me. There are other non violent crimes. Defrauding the elderly is one. Old folks whose minds are dimming are easy marks. 2.9 billion dollars per year is scammed from the elderly. Entire estates in many cases. Why are those criminals qualified to vote in your mind? Maybe it is too abstract a thought for you. Maybe if it was your parent you would not be so calm. Embezzlement is non violent. but why should an embezzler get to vote while serving time? They have broken the law. Why do you think one should participate in helping make laws? Crime takes away rights from others. Therefore rights are taken from the felon. It is part of the punishment. Upon release voting rights are restored or upon probation.
I recall it clearly. I was 9.
yes, I do art and craft shows mainly. I started in 1984. My late husband began in 1976. I know what you mean about how our customers appreciate us. They are friends as well as customers. I work mainly in glass, but also do watercolor, stone carving, fiber art, and silver smithing.
I'm sorry. I believe that when we die, we die. Lights out, curtains.
I love working with glass. I was a jeweler when I met my husband. I began using his scrap to make jewelry. Good for you and your boy friend. I loved doing shows with my husband. The different locales, the people, the long drives there and back where we talked our hearts out. Then we began taking our babies to shows. It is an eclectic lifestyle, but so wonderful. Good luck and happiness!
Well, just think how much these folks saved on hospital fees! And maybe they are getting some money from the video.
I had 3 kids sans medication. It is weird. Painful and intense but more like my body was working. Not the same quality of pain like being cut or breaking a bone. You can actually feel your kid moving down. It is nearly overwhelming, but there are ways to deal with it. At th end, when the baby's head is crowning, that was for me the "ouchiest" The skin of the vulva stretches, it is meant to do so, and it feels hot. Midwives call that "the ring of fire" Luckily, that part passes quickly. Also, after a certain point moms just want the kid o-u-t and do what needs to be done.
Rehabilitation is the idea that you improve your self and over come your past life. Some make it, some do not.
I do not think so. Most people have an innate sense of community. We normally do not want to do things that hurt others. Even very small children show negative emotions when they see something that is not fair. We tend to empatize with our fellow humans and this keeps most of us from hurting others. It is also what keeps most of us from doing things that hurt us, like being massive drug addicts. It is not so much fear of incarceration that keeps us making nice, it is because we care and we want to be nice.
Until 1865 you mean.
Non violent offenders do not lose their civil rights forever. After they go through any sentence and pay fines, and go through probation, they can vote again and have civil rights. Even in prison, people have basic rights.
Only in a few states do ex cons have to petition to have their voting rights restored. And from what I have read, they almost always are, with a few exceptions.
Im not going to go into details but your words remind me of a situation I was in when I was young. A baby sitting job was involved. I too loved the kids and thought the folks I was working for liked and respected me. Now, looking back, I can see clearly how they used me. Do not kid yourself. You are an employee at best. The fact that they have you around a dof with an agressive history shows what contempt they actually hold you in. Of course they are nice to you, you are providing them a vital servie and on the cheap, too. Did you know that a full time babysitter with 2 kids gets around $20 per hour these days? Are they paying into SS, unemployment, and insurance for you? Doubtful. get out of there. Go live your life.
Good for Virginia on its new re-enfranchisement efforts. What happened before is in the past and should no longer be used in your argument. If you live in Virginia, Kentucky or Iowa, I suggest you start a letter campaign to your law makers and try to change things for the better. And rick scott is an absolute tool.
He can move, you know. He can also petition the governor. So, the poor guy. No other crimes ever. He got popped his very first rodeo out. What rotten luck.
You are not telling us the whole story..Let's hear more about this "dumb decision" and "car wreck". What did you do? Hit and run? While not insured? Maybe drunk or stoned? Piles of people are in wrecks but do not end up in prison. Yours must have had some doozies of extenuating issues for you to be locked up for 4 years. You made some dumb decisions prior to the wreck, didn't you? A business owner has every right to decide who works for them. Their profits and reputation are on the line via the actions of every single employee. The grounds an employer gets to tell you that you are not worthy is because you have exhibited poor judgment. There are scads of people who are hard working and baggage free that also need jobs. And sad day, employers are going to hire them first.
Good for you.
I'd like to know more about this Sarah Fabian. Where she lives. Whether or not she has kids. What her contact info is. I think she could use some letters from us.
Your country men changed only because they fucking lost the war and were at the mercy of the US and russia. Don't lie. There are shitloads of neo-Nazis in germany today with many thinking hitler was right in what he did.
Well, she is a true Democrat that has the courage of her convictions. He is a faux democrat who uses the title to suit his ambitions. She is not a grumpy old fart. Oh, and she has never sucked up to the NRA. And she seems to have some idea of foriegn policy matters.
Is that not a very low bar? I would vote for a wind-up monkey with clashing cymbals over trump.
He sure busted us last time. 30% of his bros voted for trump in the general election, and that is one of the main reasons we have trump. That old snot, bernie, kept his mouth shut when it was clear he was being helped by russian propaganda and had the gall to blame HRC for not stopping the bot traffic. And so many mostly young males on social media, like here on reddit, sucked it up like an electrolux. What a bunch of gormless fools.
Maybe because many of us are very bitter that 30% of his bernie bros voted for trump in the general election. We recall how he trashed her for months, kept quiet about all the russian propaganda help he was getting, and how he is really not a Democrat, using the title when it suits is ambitions.
I really do not care about what a man who denied that the Armenian Holocaust happened until it was hurting his bottom line and he was pretty much forced to.
First let me repeat some opinions I have. Weed needs to be legalized. Everywhere. We need to improve our prisons. This is too big of a topic to deal with here, but starting with the plea bargain system on down to the food quality we are doing many things wrongly. Like, we need to stop solitary confinement. Do I think any felon should have voting rights? Not while in prison, no. Upon release, then rights are restored. This is the way it is in many states. There are practical reasons for not allowing convict voting. We have a glut of prisons. Many/most of these are in rural areas. Prisons often have more people than the district they are in. This would skew results horribly. What good will would a guy doing time for burglary (or any crime) have toward that community? What makes you think they would have anyone's best interest at heart? I keep thinking of all the white supremacists that are in prison for terrorist crimes and I am super glad they can't vote for a time. Then there are the logistics of how it would be done. Realize that now, as it stands we do not have enough man power or voting machines. It takes cash to run an election. So, absentee ballots mailed in? Every piece of prisoner mail has to be checked by hand for contraband. Coming and going. But ballots are supposed to be private. This would violate that. And cost more money than most of the counties have. We want to think that because there is much wrong with how the prison system is run that it is unfair across the board. But this is not true. Common sense tells you that most convicts committed crimes that hurt others. Why are you eagern have a criminal who ruined lives have a say? Many people mentioned drug crime. Why should some jerk that pushed opiates get to vote? Criminals make clear choices to hurt society and losing the right to vote is part of the punishment. There are other Democratic countries that deny convicts the vote. It is not just the US. And my view is in the majority. Except here on Reddit :-). I bet that many of the people yelling at me on this thread are bernie supporters who hadn't given convict voting a thought until he brought it up. Now, they are all in. Considering how he sat by while Russian propaganda bots helped him, I am not sure if he has our country's best interest at heart. My arguments are not straw men and I am one of millions that believe that criminals should not vote while serving time. The vast majority of convicts are incarcerated because they committed crimes that hurt society writ large. Why should they be able to cancel out the vote of victims? Why should rapists, murderers, terrorists, drug runners, robbers get a say in who runs the local school board? Why should a small community with a prison nearby have their votes skewed. Anyway, a convict cannot take part in a community's day to day life. They should not get to dictate any part of that life. I was interested to see Pete Buttigieg is also anti convict voting. Do you think the arguments he put forth are all strawmen?
People need to stop the US from hurting children. This is our country. We cannot allow this to go on any longer. Companies that do business in the cities where the camps are need to be contacted at the corporate level and be told you are boycotting them. Local officials need to be contacted by all means and told that you are boycotting the city due to the camps. Call the tourist bureaus and convention centers. Do not attend festivals or concerts or games held there. We live in the info age. Use that info to find the contact numbers and addresses for businesses and politicians. Flood them with complaints. Children are being traumatized in our name and we are sitting by. We also need to find out what corporations are involved with providing food services to detainees. Those corporations have CEOs, boards of directors, local heads. And they have contact info. Let's find that out and let them know en masse what we think of them.
Hopefully. There is a particularly nasty one who has no finer feelings or the welfare of our country at heart. A very repulsive guy with a penchant for abuse and greed.
'Snoring is the most beautiful music this side of heaven. Just ask any widow." Edith Sommers
We can blame anyone who is part of a system that is hurting people. The low level guys have the power to say no.
Not me, but my Mom, 2 cousins and a friend. Removing ovaries puts you into menopause. Which can trigger bone loss. I am now in menopause and I can tell you, it is not fun. Even with hrt I get hot flashes. Several times a day and night. The heat starts from my head and goes down. If you have ever had a high fever due to illness, it is a bit like that. My heart begins pounding so hard I can see my shirt twitch. Black and yellow phantom dots start to swirl about the side of my vision field. No triggers, they just happen. Some are quick and over with in seconds, some last for up to 15 minutes or more. The night ones are the worst. I go from fast asleep to wide awake panic mode with sweat dripping. My advice is to keep your ovaries if at all possible. The women that I know, who had total hysterectomies and oophorectomies began looking older. Our hormones do more than help make kids. My Mom and 2 others all had bladder prolapse. Your uterus and bladder are sort of meant to hold each other up, and w/o the uterus, after time the bladder can push into the vagina. My Mom said she never felt as if she peed happily after that. If I were you, I would look into hormone treatment for your cramps first. My cramps and extra long periods were cured by taking the pill. There are some pills that stop your period for months. Also, abdominal surgery hurts like hell. And is expensive as hell, too. Good luck. There are better and less damaging treatments out there.
Um, North Dakota has more than 5000 people in it. Want to try that again?
Thank you for correcting laconicflow. He sure needed to be.
This is one of the most frightening things that has happened lately. And there has been a shit-ton of frightening stuff going down.
Spot on.
You mean in my own life? My husband and I had 4 sons. Very early on we instituted a hard Always Knock policy. If a door was shut, we knock. When the kids were small we also put a simple latch on the inside of our bedroom door so kiddus interruptus never happened. We made sure that we extended to them the same courtesy to them. Knock and wait for permission before entering a bedroom or bathroom. ANd no stupid commentary like I got way back when: "What are you doing in there, all by yourself?" None of your beeswax! At the same time, we treated topics of elimination, masturbation and sex as things that happened, were banal overall, with clear, explanations.
Well, today I am feeling particularly angry and helpless. If I could get by with it, I would rob a certain faux-politician who owns golf courses, and hotels and lies incessantly of all of his money and holdings and distribute that wealth to those who are in need.
Okay. I am a Boomer. My excuses are just excuses. In your mind, that is. All the marches I attended that were against Reagan, the Take Back the Night Marches, the Marches for Women's Lives, the times I walked to Rocky Flats, and was arrested, for sitting at the side of the road. the phone calls and letters I wrote, the donations I made, the doors I knocked on, the calls to radio stations and politicians. all of those are less than shit in your mind. This morning I made 3 phone calls to republican senators regarding the child immigrants. I have to ask you, what have YOU done? I mentioned the child immigrant detainees. Let's go with that for a bit. Guess what age group is the one (for the main) that is doing the actual, physical separation? Not older Folks 59+, like me. The ones following orders and doing most of the dirty work are post-Boomers. And what are YOU doing to help? Empathy is a choice!! Let's hear it: What have you been doing to help? Written any letters? Gone online to find contact info for people sitting on the boards of corporations that do business with camps, so you can complain? Sent money to any number of groups that are trying to help? Have you called/written your reps/senators? I have. And this is only one issue. Your contempt is misplaced, and perhaps, is only a projection for your own futility. Go sit in a protest with guns pointing at you, and then we can talk.
It means the tax people are wanting to look at all my financial records and tax returns and maybe give me lots of problems. Or not. If given a choice between an IRS audit and a high colonic with a squirt of chili sauce, I would take the spicy colonic. that would be over much quicker.
I don't know about the rest of you, but I sure as hell am not becoming numb to trump's loathsomeness. I feel more scared and revolted day by day. It is like a mental Death by a Thousand Cuts. A slow, deliberate slicing away of my peace of mind. Followed by a drenching of emotional lemon juice.
"Saudi Arabia murdered a journalist. Trump doesn’t seem to mind." I am tired of the qualifying language used for trump. "Seem"?? There is no "seem". Trump not only does not mind a guy was bone-sawed to death..he is all for it.
Could you please link us to a reddit post by a Boomer that complains about the post boomers and claims they are the "greatest generation" That designation was coined by Tom Brokaw regarding the WWII set.
That is not art. It is a skill, maybe, but not an art.
Yeah, like who reads newspapers and is under 60 these days?
They are part and parcel of criminal gangs that do murder, trafficking and dealing. I would not be fussed of a few of them got killed for their troubles.
Relevant Haiku: *Agates and Crystals,* *Bring Beauty and Happiness,* *Behold My Treasure!*
Whoa there, Nelly! Why are you putting words in my mouth? I never called you a monster undeserving of love. Is that YOUR inner monologue coming to the surface? Cuz I sure did not say that about you. Let me copy paste, at random some of YOUR words about YOUR bf (pity the poor guy) and YOUR relationship. *I can't do this anymore. I just feel really really really alone right now.* *I've found myself being irritated at quirks I usually love about him.* *I can't be in a relationship where I keep having to financially support my partner.* You brought this up on askwomen, too. *I've essentially told him if this happens again, we're done.* *Yet, I think about this still being the case 10 years from now, constantly lasting no longer than 6 months at a job, and how much that would crush and hurt my dreams and my life. And I can't do it.* *I had every intention of proposing in October on a trip we have planned.* (note past tense. Had intended? You don't now?) *writing an accountability document, accepting where his faults are, and what he's going to do to improve).* What the actual fuck? You made him write some sort of bs document thing to you? Cripes. These are YOUR words. And don't lie. It is clear that these doubts have taken up far more of your brain power than a single day. There are two things, besides love, in a relationship that are vital: Respect and honesty. And it sure as hell does not seem to me as if you are respecting him. You are here, on reddit complaining about him and sharing your concerns. I say you go to him. Now. Why don't you quit asking strangers what they think, and then take umbrage at what they say? Why don't you go to him and read him BOTH posts, word for word? Let him hear what is on your mind. Let him hear those words you wrote about him, yourself, your fears. Read those words out loud, to him. If you don't want to do it, if you fear his reaction...well, maybe you need to do some pretty heavy self-examination.
You compared ALL of Europe, 44 countries total, to ONE country, the US. Guess what? if you added up all the gun deaths in those 44 countries for last year, 2018, you would not come near the number of people killed in the US during that same time. So piss off.
During the campaign, a woman told me that she wished trumo would grab her etc, and so forth. These people are sick in the head, and have no souls.
I say we set up a defense fund for any and all who spit on the trumps.
Rarely. And now, my kids are old enough I never use it. The best way to raise good people is to remember a few things. No violence. No name calling. Respect. Kids are just as human as you are. Respect for your partner, model the behavior you want them to have. Remember that a child's problems are every bit as big to them as your adult problems are to you. Remember that you are what stands between a good future for your child and an awful one.
When I was a senior in high school, (1977) my mythology teacher took all of us to see Star Wars at the theater. With candy, pop corn and soda. She said it was a modern retelling of the basic quest myth. So much fun. It was a ground breaking movie.
If you have never seen them, how would you know?
In a La Quinta hotel room, 2nd floor, in Barstow, California, in 1991. We had been driving late. I showered and fell asleep. I awoke hours later to see the blinking red light of the smoke detector and hearing the numbers flipping over on the old style digital clock. I could not move. A dark, filthy smelling entity was holding me down. I could feel it/him slide his leg over me to sit fully on my torso and lean forward. It was *heavy*. Its head was by my ear and it was whispering to me, words I could not understand but they were words of disease and glee and filth and perversion. I was panicked and kept trying to say go away, when it did, moving off me like a tarp being slowly dragged out of a muddy ditch. I woke my husband with my cries. He told me I had been dreaming and to go back to sleep. I know this was my one and only bout of sleep paralysis. My logical mind has read the articles, understands the causes, and all of that. But the instinct brain, the part that intuits..it tells me firmly that I was visited by a monstrous, perverted entity that bore me no good will. That some creature attacked me that night and got its jollies from feeding on my terror.
Spez is pale but he does not have pale.
Yeah, there was real shit that went down here in the US, and before it was the US. Groups of people from various European countries came here for a plethora of reasons and in the end, the USA happened. If you are American, you are most likely here because collective ancestors out-fought and out-technologied the Native peoples.
I don't think anyone here thinks that the massacre was not wrong. I want to ask you, and I am not sure exactly how to...but, what pressures, culturally, are there for anyone to remain on a poor reservation, like Pine Ridge? As US citizens, you do not have to stay. And what about the high rate of sexual assault on Native women? The main perpetrators are members of the tribes, not people coming from outside. I live close to a large reservation and volunteer at the battered women's shelter. Not a week goes by where we do not have a woman from the tribe there, usually beaten by a male family member. The girls are almost always sexually abused at a young age. By other tribal males, most frequently uncles and cousins. No one outside the tribe is telling them to do this. By tribal rules there are full time employment opportunities for all adults as there is multiple casinos, hotels, gas stations, lumber industies, outfitting work, and a variety of careers dealing with maintenence, roads, firefighting, schools, tribal stores. The turn over rate is astounding. Each member gets a yearly wage from the various tribe owned businesses. Housing is done as collective tenants. So guaranteed. Thus, there is little impetus for those so inclined to stick with a job. People from the surrounding communities end up working in many of the jobs because they stay. My neighbor, a white woman, is head of personell at the main casino/hotel. Why? Because all the previous people that held that job did not bother to stay on. about once a year, someone in the tribe complains, she gets canned, and a member of the tribe takes over. A few weeks later, there is chaos, things are being poorly run, the new guy quits, and she is asked, begged to return. And each time she is more bitter and exhausted. She faces incredible hate and bigotry, and has gotten scads of death threats. She is about to quit and move away.
I agree with you. It is important for us to recall, because most of us here have no idea, that Wounded Knee and other such horrors did not occur in a vacuum. There is a history that begat the massacre.
Oh, I have watched every thing Ken Burns ever made. I am not disagreeing that what has happened to the native peoples is horrible. And I am all for trying to help as much as possible anyone who is suffering today. I have to ask you what you feel is wrong about my statement that white ancestors had better technology and better weaponry than the Natives? Or that all the various groups of Europeans that came here had various reasons for doing so, and the United States is the result of those people's efforts? The Europeans had far superior weapons and guns. It was a mere matter of time before the Native peoples were overrrun. I wish it had not happened in the way that it did. But it did happen, and you and I are here, (assuming you are in the US) i front of our computers because of what our collective ancestors did. &gt;Yeah, there was real shit that went down here in the US, and before it was the US. true statement. Native peoples were overall treated shittily by Europeans. &gt;Groups of people from various European countries came here for a plethora of reasons and in the end, the USA happened. True statement. Spanish, English, French, Norwegian, Dutch, and Russians and other people from other European countries came to what is now the US for various reasons. If they had not come the US would not have happened. &gt;If you are American, you are most likely here because collective ancestors out-fought and out-technologied the Native peoples. Mostly true statement.
You are wrong. It is far more likely he would simply sneak off and let others step in it, not knowing it was there.
Is the Pope Catholic? Do black bears crap in the buck brush? Does koala poop smell like cough drops?
Aw, dangit. I forgot about pence.
I am sorry for your past. And I agree with you. But there is a definite cultural thing happening, and it very much has to do with traditional roles. I know what I am talking about. I get it, you do not want to think this can possibly be true, but it is.
Black chattel slavery was a pure horror. That being said, indentured servitude was no picnic either. And it was not just Irish, but Scottish and English people, too. Not all indentured servants in colonial America were there because they decided that it would be keen to go to America and a 4-7 year stint as an unpaid worker was an okay deal to get there. Britain used the the colonies as penal colonies. At least 50,000 convicts were sent to the colonies. Historians have estimated that up until the American Revolution over half the population had arrived there as indentured servants. It was less expensive to use indentured servitude than to use native peoples as slaves or to actually pay for work. The indentured servitude system was the forerunner of the black chattel system. In Virginia, where in 1618 the colony offered a headright, a grant of 50 acres per servant, as an incentive to planters to import more servants from England. The headright became the property of the owner, not the servant. Little money was spent getting the indentured people to the colonies. They were usually limited to "ship biscuit" (hardtack) and a few pints of water. Death sentences were being meted out in Britain for the theft of goods worth only a shilling. At a judge's discretion those could be overturned with an order of deportation to the colonies with a 7 year stint of servitude. It was not just thieves sent over. Women and girls who were prostitutes were also sent and people who were in debt. Even people who had dead parents who were in debt. Offspring were made to pay for the debts of their deceased parents. They were sold into servitude by no choice of their own. Parishes sold orphans into servitude to keep them off the poor roles. And those children were NOT given a choice. This smacks of flat-out slavery to me. Once in the colonies they were treated as slaves. Whippings, little food, poor lodgings, public punishments such as being pilloried, for infractions were common. Many died after a few years, some estimates as high as 50% of all servants. Both non-penal and penal servants would start with a contract. The length of service was usually 7 years for a convict, 4 for a non-convict. These contracts could be sold any number of times. The kicker is this: the contract could be lengthened via the owner of the contract going to court and complaining. And generally, the servant had little recourse. Many masters were kind, decent people, but many were also avaricious and cruel. Rape of women was rife. And pregnancy was one of the infractions that could get your service period lengthened. Running away was common. so was the runaway getting caught and having more time added. It was an economic benefit to the master to abuse his servants as trying to escape added time to the gig. There are scads of court records where indentured servants were told off for some infraction with time being added. The servants did not get the full benefit of the law, they were subject to harsher penalties than free men were, and they were not considered reliable witnesses. In 1642 on, a woman servant who became pregnant was liable for the loss of service to her master. If the man who got her pregnant was known he was also held liable. If the fines were not paid, they would be whipped. And since they were not being paid wages...Also, the offspring of the woman was considered a future servant and was added to the contract. According to the UN definition, slavery involves “an element of ownership or control over another’s life, coercion and the restriction of movement and by the fact that someone is not free to leave or change an employer.” Indentured servitude, especially of convicts was absolutely a form of slavery. It was not however, chattel slavery . In 1705 in Virginia a law was passed that made it illegal to “whip a christian white servant naked, without an order from a justice of the peace.” This law did not apply to black slaves who did not have this nicety extended to them. Up until the Civil War, both chattel slaves and indentured servants were inheritable goods in the eyes of the law. Contracts could be sold, and inherited. Indentured servitude was a form of slavery. Especially in the convict form. But they had a means of gaining freedom, and were welcomed into it as full citizens upon fulfillment of their contract. It was not meant to enslave them for decades until death. It might be accurate to say that indentured servitude was temporary slavery. The system was rife with abuse and the contract holder had the power, but there usually was an end of the service period. Black chattel slavery did not have this outcome. It was permanent and generational. The fact of the visible physical differences of the Black slave set them apart giving them less means to ever be part of society and the differences were pointed to show their "suitability" for slave labor.
Indentured servants were 100% owned. The contract was sold, the IS had no choice to whom. The contract was inheritable, if the original master died, the contract was treated like any other wealth, and was passed on to the master's heirs. No choice. If an indentured servant screwed up in any myriad of ways, and the list was long and arbitrary, time could be added to the servant's contract. If a female servant became pregnant, time would be added. Since raping indentured servants was sort of a past time, pregnancy was common. Guess what? Those kids were not considered free. Maltreatment was so common in the colonies that over 50% of all indentured servants died within 3 years of arrival. Penal servants, ones who had a sentence commuted to service, had it worse than those who joined of their own free will. Not that those folks had many optoions open to them. Chattel slavery was worse. And the racial aspect among blacks was undoubtably worse. But do not think for one moment an indentured servant ws free. They could not marry. They could not use a bank or take out a loan or sign a contract. They could not leave. They were not permitted to give testimony in court. If they had a child while in servitude that child became the property of the master/contract holder. They were not allowed full church membership. They were subject to physical punishment at their master's whim. We have plenty of court records that proves all this. Indentured service ws not as bad as chattle slavery but it was pretty bad and it wa a form of slavery.
Having an identity before having kids helps. Make time for yourself. Have skills you can use that are separate from parenting ones.
Women who have hysterectomies are more prone to bladder prolapse. Abdominal surgery hurts. Why not go for a tubal ligation?
"Ruin my relationship with my partner's family"?!?!! What freaking relationship? Are you speaking of the toxic relationship where they stand around watching while their dog sexually assaults you? Where they blame you for being attacked and bitten? I don't think you realize it, but there is a damned good chance the Dad let go of those leashes on purpose. You asked for advice. Here is mine: Get medical attention. Call animal control and the police, file complaints. Do not give a shit about your "relationship" with your bf's family, because it is not worth a damn. Refuse to have anything to do with his family unless they apologize to you, pay your medical bills, and put down those beasts. Be strong.
Typhoid is spread via urine.
4 months.
There are disciplinary responses between a pointless reprimand and hitting a kid.
If I ever found out a lover of mine was collecting my nail clippings and contemplating sculpting them, I would quickly run as far away as I could, without leaving a forwarding address. In fact, I'd probably move countries, change my name and get plastic surgery just in case. Some acts just scream "you are mine and I will love you to death!"
I have never had a rough pelvic from a male gyno. The worst pelvic I ever had was from a CNM. Probably just luck of the draw. I'd hate to think doctors of one gender be generally poorer at their jobs. Overall, with one exception, all the male gyno docs were super efficient, courteous, and gentle.
The majority of states have early voting, 33 have absentee/mail-in voting. And the polls are open in each state on Election Tuesday for at least 12 hours. Oregon is mail-in only. Surely, if one gives a damn, they can figure out a time to vote.
You ask me to point to where you asked for censorship? Well, you wrote *" Stop cross posting these videos to this subreddit."* Ordering someone to not post something you disapprove of is you demanding censorship. To be fair, it really is not just ISIS pulling this shit now, is it? Think of Malala being shot by the Taliban. Or of the women wearing blue sacks. Or having their vulvas sliced off. Or the kidnapping of school girls by the Boko Haram. Not all violence against girls and women is committed under Islam. So don't even go there, arguing. But it is an undeniable fact that it states within its scripture that slavery of females for sexual purposes is permitted. If we cannot even speak truth, how are we going help improve lives? I think you also need to take a hard look at the hundreds of billions of dollars in humanitarian aid the USA alone contributes to nations that are primarily Muslim. Out of the top ten countries that receive 38% of all US aid, 7 are primarily Muslim. So, you are wrong about all of us Westerners marginalizing anybody. Yes, we *know* the majority of the world's Muslim population are against misogynist acts, but this does not negate the truth that there are many organized Muslim forces and governments using faith and "holy" writings to commit violent acts against girls and women. Pretending this is not true is not only unhelpful, it is stupid.
Since you clearly understand that your father encouraged you beyond your childish capabilities, you should also understand that he did it out of love for you in an attempt to help you grow. He probably saw a potential in you that was worth buoying up. Your father loves you. He worked to help you get through a tough childhood. Props to him. Now it is time for you to do what we all have to do as adults: Work hard to learn the skills we need and value, nurturing talent, learning and growing as people.
What do you want from all this? Attention? People treating you as if you are some sort of victim? Do you want to accuse your friend's mom of a perverted act, placing her under scrutiny, and by association, hurting your friend in ways you can't even begin to realize the long term costs of? Are you wanting to use up the time and efforts of law enforcement and the courts for a simple, non-sexual, non-painful, overtly friendly gesture? You are asking for absolutes and are clearly wanting to apply them to your situation. This is not the way real life works. No, hell no, you were not assaulted. Grow up.
How old are you? I would like to blame your lack of sense of proportion on youth, but there is a good chance that you are truly cruel, egotistical and self absorbed to the point of deliberate mayhem. Let me make this plain:. You were not sexually assaulted. Your friend's mom did not hurt you in any manner whatsoever. This is stinking excrement inside your own brain. Quit it. A whack over clothes, to hurry a person along in not rape. You are shitting upon actual victims and you need to stop.
$15,000. That is a price far out of the reach of many women. What options do they have?
I've read it.
Maybe cross that bridge when you come to it? If you come to it? Life has stuff you regret, and stuff you don't. I wanted kids and finally had my first child at 34. No regrets. But, I hope that my life would not be bereft of meaning had I *not* had kids. That part of you that says to stop fretting and live in the now is a wise part. Have fun. Live your life and let the future take you where it will. Plan for your financial future, whether or not you see kids in it.
Don't warn him, call the cops.
You are quite right. Historically in the US the most effective protests took place on weekdays, were disruptive, lasted longer than a single day or had multiple elements in various cities, and were not polite, although most were non-violent. Or, I should say, the protestors were non-violent, but the response to them was not always gentle. If people cared, they would take a few hours out of their day and protest. If someone's job is in jeopardy after taking one afternoon off, their job was not secure to begin with. Hell, if an employee of mine was going to protest trump I'd give her/him time and a half, and be there right next to him/her. And I have not heard of a college class that if you miss once you fail. Either these people give a shit or they don't.
Hang in there. Movements have frequently begun small but snowballed over time.
I'm sorry you feel discriminated against. But you need to understand that your feelings when you are around children not related to you, don't matter all that much. How you assess your own looks means squat. Pleasant looking people can also be perverts who prey on kids. It would be nice if all child molesters looked like Ottis O'Toole. But they don't. And you already know this. You need to make sure you *never* "land up talking to a little dudette" when at a toy store, asking her opinion. FYI, Toys r Us, Walmart, Costco and Amazon all sell toys o line. If you need info on what to buy your nieces, ask their parents, not a kid at the toy store. Sheesh. Also, stay away from playgrounds when you decide to go catch Pokemon. You are acting creepy and you need to stop. The sad fact is a child is sexually victimized every 9 minutes in the US. I don't blame the moms for giving you the stink-eye. Good for them, being protective. Get over yourself.
1. My friend, Dina, has an incredible face. She is 60, but without any grey in her black hair. She has huge deep brown eyes that let you know just what she is feeling, soft brown skin, and a huge smile. She is like an Earth Mother, made from warm chocolate and sun-baked adobe. Also, my kids are adorable. 2. I get to see Dina a few times a week. 3. Too many to name. This is like asking which of my kids is my fave. Does not compute. 4. Physical part, my hands, strong and capable. Emotionally, I am resilient and enthusiastic. 5. Yeah, the usual, making stuff. I am working on a window with swallows flying. I'm cutting them out of various shades of blue and violet stained glass, on very pale grey-blue glass. I've cut and beveled dozens of leaves from donated green wine bottles, (alas, they come to me empty), and they form the bottom third of the window frame. I have to get this ready to be picked up next week.
&lt;3
How do you get in? Do you get bothered at all? I'm poor, but would still like to send money, if you all need it. Tell me how.
Wow. What a crazed, pointless screed. You are acting like a creep, and nothing you said makes me think you are not one. Eurghh.
Thanks for this information. I'm always leery about direct messaging someone I have a fundamental disagreement with, it seems too confrontational. But I worry on this issue because the possible results are so dire. Do you think you have ever changed a pit fan's mind?
He has always been a joke. A sad, dirty joke with no amusing punchline.
Everyone eventually croaks. Personally, I hope anyone who has enabled trump ends up spending years being ridiculed and despised as the traitors they are. Followed by a painful and lonely death. Prison would be just. This includes but is not limited to politicians, pundits like Tucker and rush, ICE workers and judges who purposefully hurt families, and corporate heads who make money via trump.
I can change my own oil, but why? My time is worth money, and other people need jobs. I have no problem taking my car in to have basic maintenance done. I'm grateful there are reliable garages. If you are unsure, ask around for references.
The break stick here does not seem very effective.
I'm not hopeful that neutering/spaying will be enough. Culling needs to be added to the list. Considering the number of fertile pits, and how some people are breeding them like mad for fun and profit, more needs to be done.
Come is definitely a party drug.
Well, they were asked prior to the election. But trumpists did not care. It has been obvious and public for decades that Trump is a monster. Those that voted for him did so because they are rotten too.
Well, me. I have a credit card and a debit card. They work differently, and I use them in different ways, for different reasons. Why wouldn't I use the proper term?
I have never given my kids my credit card with the instructions to go crazy, and called it a "date".
I'm judging by what OP stated. Gee, are you saying I should not take people's words seriously?
There was one case where the doctor, and I am using that title ironically, impregnated scads of women using his sperm. It saved him money on donor payments and it stroked his massive ego. Eurghh
I'm not objecting to spending time with one's kids. I am objecting to the use of the term "date". Considering how common child sexual abuse is, it is particularly unwise for a man to say he took his 12 year old daughter on a date. There are terms we need to avoid. Having worked with abused children, I come by my prejudices from sad realities. We need to be careful how we speak, how we normalize the abnormal via language. The language op used is creepy. I don't care if you disagree.
Wow. Relax
You are completely wrong. You are purposely misconstruing what I said and whitewashing what op said. "Date Day with 12 year old daughter" Not "lunch date". Date. As in male/female thing. Op used problematic language that responders are trained to place pick up on. Language like this is an alert. I do not believe for one moment you have ever worked with abused kids., Nothing you have said here, other than your sudden assertion, implies that. Just the opposite. I am not saying op is abusive, I am saying his language is problematic because it helps normalize the grooming of young girls. Quit. I emphatically disagree with you. When I meet my son's at a restaurant, I do not call it a date. When my cousins and I meet we don't call it a date. My women friends don't date me, nor I them. You are wrong.
I have now clicked your link 3 times. It has shown me a comedian, some kids by a lake, and a kookaburra singing. This does not make you look believable.
Saving the Union and abolishing slavery are Big Deals. Yes, he was a great president.
I don't think you should become too involved. Ask yourself just how many crazy stressful situations you want to deal with.
1. Onwards and upwards. With a cute little wiggle and a shimmy shimmy shimmy. 2. Well, I just finished helping 2 ladies to make 4 large pans of salad, 225 garlic dinner rolls, a huge salad, and 10 lemon Bundt cakes for a free community dinner. 3. Here in my home. 4. Etta James 5. With a splash of half &amp; half and honey.
Lorelai, I am so very tired, tired in my deepest soul, that the idea of a space of time, amongst my own, with no worries, no unwanted intrusions, no hurt, sounds like heaven itself.
Yes. I mean I am not alone. And I really am coping. You can be okay at the same time you are miserable.
I'm not alone, but I am, you understand? I'm not whining, at least I hope I'm not. But I can't fix what is broke. I'm trying to be brave, and what I am finding is something I already knew. Sometimes life hurts and we can not heal but we can step aside and do stuff to help others.
This is absolute dogshit. Dogs excrete however and wherever the mood hits them.
Your rudeness does not help your cause.
It's just that these are not little things, they are big things and we are so flooded with them we are overwhelmed.
Christianity began as a poor person's religion. The king stuff came a bit later.
As an American woman, I feel there is a considerable amount of creepy rapey stuff that happens right here. I volunteer at the local family shelter and I have seen shit and heard heartbreaking stories. We talk on the internet all the time about the metoo movement and we have problems like Epstein and Cosby. Pot calling the kettle black it seems to me.
It may not feel possible now, but you will get through this and you will find happiness.
You can advocate for technology that does not exist all you wish. Go for it. But, sadly it is NOT happening. I have seen my friend, and others that I met through knowing her, have to jump through hoops to get a single traffic intersection equipped with audio signals. We are decades away from any reliable device that would replace what her dog does. I'm not against any technology that helps the disabled and you are being deliberately rude and dishonest when you say that I am. I wish there was these technologies you are dreaming of, but as of now, we can barely get a large city to install smart traffic signals. I am not sure why you bring your mil and husky into this.
As a girl my aunt and uncle's dog was forever humping me and it outweighed me. My folks are long dead, and they were mostly great, but I am astounded that they never saw the dog using me as a masturbatory device as not a problem. I see allowing a dog to crotch sniff, leg hump, or ride a child as sexual abuse.
Do you think there is a tad of Savior-sydrome mixed in?
Your last sentence made my hair stand on end. My petite 60+ neighbor owns a lab mutt and a pit. The pit bit another neighbor last year. I'm afraid that the pit-owner is going to be mauled to death. Last time I went to her house it was clear she has no control over it.
I listened to this interview, and was astonished that Stephanopoulos let him get by with so much deception.
I bet you voted for trump last time, didn't you? Bernie didn't get the nomination so you voted for trump. And you call yourself a liberal.
Just do it. Either you are really a "grown-ass adult" capable of self agency or you are not. Ask your sister and her bf for help. Don't worry about the upcoming hullabaloo. Put on headphones, play your favorite music and pack like crazy. It surprised me that you are so coddled when your sister does not seem to be.
Incredibly beautiful.
You are a legal adult. If things are desperate enough you can always ask for police help and stay in a shelter. I'm sorry you are having to deal with this. Best wishes for your future.
I just re-read this. I understand now that you are confused about what a service dog is. It is not a therapy dog, it is not an emotional service dog. Under the Americans with Disabilities Act of 1990 a service animal, which are most often dogs, are animals trained to help a person with a disability. Anywhere that person is legally allowed to be, their Service dog can go too. This includes public transportation. A visually impaired person has rights, just like you do. Their rights are **NOT** "bigger than ours". They have the right to access public space the same as you and if they need to use a trained dog to do so, that is the law. Are you advocating blind people simply stay home because of the off chance you might see one coming with their dog and get a hive? I called up the Asthma and Allergy Foundation of America and had an interesting talk with the nice woman who answered my call. She said that to the best of her knowledge no person has ever had a bad reaction to a blind person's guide dog. That she has never heard of a person going into anaphylactic shock due to dog hair transferred into a seat, and that dog hair/dander is not listed as an allergen that causes anaphylactic shock and that most people allergic to dogs can deal with the issue by taking an otc antihistamine. The people who want to take their pet everywhere with them, and spuriously use terms like emotional support animal are hurting people with real disabilities. Your words make that painfully clear. So you really think a blind person who needs a dog to guide her has "bigger rights" than you do? Please read that last sentence in a mental voice dripping with scorn directed at you. I am not naysaying technology, you were unable to read what I wrote, apparently, but the fact remains, service dogs exist and have helped people live better lives, and the tech to replace them does not.
Wow. This is going to be a real challenge for some of them.
The herpes of craft supplies.
I had 4 sons and a husband. My kids cleaned the bathroom, it did not matter if the seat is up or down. I look before setting, and I can always take my dainty toe and put the seat down. This is a first world problem. Of all the things I can find to gripe about, this one is the silliest.
I watched this video ages ago. I almost felt sorry for the other team. One was difficult to understand and one was quite unlikeable. Up against two of the most verbally gifted and brilliant minds.
Yeah. I used to regale my late husband with "Rich David stories" to make him laugh. Like, one time my brother, David, and I had gone to a concert together. Afterwards, in the parking lot, we found David's car had a flat tire. David was headclutching. Oooo we would have to find a phone and call for help, a flat! How unfortunate! My brother and I rolled our eyes. At which point I grabbed a flashlight from the glove box, had my brother hold it, while I quickly changed the tire. David was astonished that I, a mere slip of a girl, both could *and* would change a tire. My brother laughed at him and said, "She can change your oil and replace your fuel filter too!"
Dogs on planes seems dangerous.
I'm glad things turned out happy for you. Your story sounds like the opposite of the old romance novels. A much more realistic story that comes with self respect.
I'm ancient. This was early 80s. He was a learning experience. That is the best I can say about him. I'm glad you moved on to a better place too.
1. Be a team. Have fun planning your life. Stick up for each other. 2. No guilty secrets. 3. Enjoy a good sex life. 4. Appreciate your partner's efforts. 5. Talk. Communication is vital.
Who says it has to end? It can ebb and flow endlessly.
I won't advise you to divorce him, but I really, really want to.
President Clinton admitted he had an consensual relationship with an adult. Trump has been accused of raping a 13 year old. This case was dismissed on a technical filing error. A witness had come forward corroborating the charges. Later, the case was refiled but dropped because the plaintiff was deluged with death threats from trump supporters.
I'm so sorry for you that you are incapable of using Google.
We cannot always have a camera at hand to record precious moments of our children's lives. In my family we say we "are taking a video in our hearts", then we write in a journal what happened.
Skip the steak, and go right to the needle.
I have to say that President Clinton was not impeached for getting oral sex. He was impeached for lying about it under oath. What President Clinton did was nothing in comparison to the crimes that trump is commiting. It makes me so angry that Ken Starr is still around, and I am incredibly upset by Lewinsky, too. She has tried to ride the coat-tails of the, very important #metoo movement.
Making hard candy and certain glass art has much in common.
You need to lay down strict rules against "shenanigans" while you are driving.
If you are against dishonesty, I wonder how you feel about some ploys used by Bernie In the 2016 campaign. He sent out mailers to voters in several states, using logos from various organizations, stating that they were endorsing him and urging members to vote for Bernie. He pulled this dirty trick using the American Legion and AARP, both non-partisan groups who make it policy to never endorse a candidate. He even went so far as to send out mailers using photos of local American Legion leaders with identifying hats, taken at meetings, saying, in the first person, that he (the Legion leader) was endorsing Bernie. This was done without the permission and knowledge of the person who's image Bernie had stolen. Both AARP and the American Legion had to threaten legal action to get Bernie's campaign to cease and desist. He never issued a retraction. He also pulled this same crap, of sending out fake fliers claiming endorsement with the League of Conservation Voters ahead of the Iowa caucus in 2016. The LoCV had endorsed Hillary Clinton. Again he was told to stop using the group's logos and letterheads, to make a public retraction. He never did. And then there is Nevada where he sent teams out to restaurants wearing pins from the Nevada Culinary Worker's Union. The Union had already endorsed Hillary Clinton. And Bernie knew this, but he and his bro team forged ahead with the deceit. Wearing pins identifying them as Union members his team went around lying, telling members to vote for him. These multiple state forays of trickery are not mere honest mistakes. These took planning and hard work. Bernie and his campaign bros deliberately set out to deceive voters. In other words, Bernie Sanders is a lying sack of shit.
It sounds as if your grandma is slipping and may need some help. You state that you are living with her due to college. In other words you are living with her to save money. Perhaps you should step up to the plate and not expect her to provide both housing and janitorial services for you and you can clean more. I also doubt they pee in the kitchen due to not being fed but because they are 16 freaking years old, which means they are *ancient*. The sense of smell declines in the elderly but it can also mean that your Grandma has health issues beyond being old. I looked up "loss of sense of smell in the elderly" on the Mayo website and it listed quite a few conditions where smell is affected, including poor nutrition, Parkinson's and MS. Can you maybe notify other relatives of your concerns? I get that living with messy dogs is horrid, but it sounds as if Grandma has some stuff going on that needs dealing with.
Reagan did a shit-ton of harm to the US. I know Ron Jr. cared for his dad, but there is no way to whitewash the crap he and his cabinet did. Much of the decline of America began with Reagan's regime.
Them's fightin' words!
Not well. This sort of actually happened in Colorado when they first introduced the state lottery. Some guy emptied out the family savings account to buy thousands of tickets, and he won big. His wife thought he had just bought a few tickets so when she found out he had risked so much without telling her she split from him, and had a nice settlement.
I'm sorry but if she has always been this way, you knew this going in. I need to point out to you that the money she has is *hers*, she owes you nothing. If conditions are intolerable, and you see no way to help her improve things at all, you need to start casting about for other housing. I also had to work for free in order to obtain my degree, while going to class, full-time, with a night time job. It sucked. I know what you are going through is hard as hell. But you will get through this. In part, because your grandma has taken you in.
Point her to her local churches, they help with food and utility bills.
:-)
I very quickly remembered all the reasons I had let the friendship drift apart.
As a kid I was often the target of my aunt's and uncle's unneutered dog. It was embarrassing to have him run at me with his wet nose, I was always having to fend him off. Dogs are just large hairy sacks of zero impulse control. They run on base instinct of gluttony for food and sex. It is not cool to allow a dog to use a human as a sex toy.
If you are low income sign up for Medicare. Even without this you can get surgery. Let's say you have your first attack. You go to the ER, and they will send you up for surgery. They usually don't mess about with gallstones, as long hey can get infected. If all you can do is pay $20 per month they have to accept it. A You are not sick now so relax.
It's interesting that she is dressing now to look like Justice Ginsburg.
My neighbor has pit bulls. I can no longer keep hens because those dogs can climb my fence like a ladder. They have killed two flocks, 32 hens total, by going over the 6' high fence, and tearing through the hogwire pen, and chewing their way through shingles and 2x4s to get to the hens. They shake the hens by the neck, decapitating them. These dogs kill multiple wild animals, too. We live in a town that backs up to a forest. My son, then 7, was playing in our back yard when we heard a commotion. A doe, with her fawn were trying to escape from our neighbors pits. The fawn was caught by her back leg and brought down. Her leg was ripped off by one dog while the doe tried to defend her. Up to that point I did not know that deer could scream. The fawn tried still to escape, but bled out. In the end the dogs ran back home and the injured (deep gashes, jaw partially chewed off) doe was put down by another neighbor with a hunting bow at point blank range My son saw the worst parts of this before I could get to him. It ruined playing outside for him. Because some jerk wants to own pits. If you do strongly believe that pit bulls are not dangerous and are loyal, surely you won't mind reading some cases. Please look up Linda Henry. See what the pit bulls she lovingly raised did to her. Read the statistics in Wikipedia's *Fatal Dog Attacks in the US* article. If your faith in these dogs is strong, then you are safe looking up photos of what people look like after a pit attack.
I bet poor people are more likely to be caught at crime than wealthy people. A crap-ton of white collar crime never gets discovered, and if you add environmental crimes and crimes directed at poorer people, like wage theft, then the numbers go up even more.
I can see many things. I see a few of them running amok in my neighborhood so that I no longer allow my kids out without an adult nearby, and no longer walk on certain roads. The fact is, the pit people's doggos are outbreeding our resistance. In 2018 there were approximately 3.6 million pit bulls in the US. The average pit bull litter ranges from 5 to 10 pups. I'm not hopeful that even the hardest working vet could make much of a dent in the numbers.
I'm an older woman. Well, older than most here. 59. Anyway, it scares the crap out of me to see two very different sorts of drivers: the very young, blasting music, and the old. In my town I see little old men and women, some my friends, who I *know* are wracked with arthritis, and dim of sight and hearing, and there they go, off in their great big SUVs some with ram racks on the front. Don't drive distracted and don't drive decrepit.
This photo is creepier than a photo of John Wayne Gacy in his Pogo the Clown get-up, hanging out with Rodney Alcala.
I agree with you. Gacy and Alcala were flat out murderers. Both of them could pass as normal, however, and did so for quite some time. In gacy's case especially, this allowed him to continue his crimes. This ability to act normal has allowed trump and Epstein to use people too. I'm not saying they were sex murderers, but they certainly have/had a thing for going after powerless young women. The fact that both Epstein and Trump are immensely rich gives me pause. A lack of morals combined with social prestige and bottomless wealth is a very worrying combination. I doubt we will ever know the full truth. While not Gacy or Alcala, I am still mighty skeeved out by the photo. Oh, and neither of them seem remorseful.
Skeevy reasons.
Please take a long hard look at what Reagan, a pre-Boomer, and his followers did to the economy and social structure right at the time younger Boomers were hitting their 20s. Sky rocketing national debt, deregulation of industries resulting in a massive increase in pollution, hiring James Watt as secretary of the interior, resulting in old growth forests being cut. Then there is his ignoring the AIDs crisis, the Iran Contra affair, and his closure of mental health facilities. Suddenly the city streets had mentally ill people wandering around in far greater numbers, hungry, confused, and little money to help them. He also began tearing down workers rights and allowed jobs to begin being sent out of country. The day is coming when millennials will be the old folks and they will be judged very harshly by the new set of youngsters. Questions will be asked like: who are all those young men with torches in Charlottesville? And, Why did some of your generation get jobs guarding kids in cages and separating families? (Policies cannot be enforced without people to do the actual work). And why did 36% of young men vote for trump? And maybe the most important question: why are the younger generations the largest consumers of manufactured goods in human history?
Why did you poke about with a metal wire in an electronic device? You almost Darwin-ed yourself.
Who taught you?
To be fair, during the whole hippie (NOT " hippy", that describes someone with wide hips), era, the Vietnam war was happening and the draft was on. It sucked. I had cousins who went, and neighbors, one who was killed. I remember the look on my Mom's face when my my brother got his notice, and how he tried not to react. My childhood memories are stitched with memories of watching the news with video of black body bags being hauled by soldiers through the jungle. I lost any faith I had in a god when I saw the photo of the little girl running naked, burnt by napalm. When shit happened like the Chicago riots or Kent State, yes, young people felt upset. Boomers had stark life or death reasons to push back against the powers that were.
The list of things he doesn't consider is far too long.
I think it is Tennessee marble. The Senate chambers also have Italian marble but those are the columns.
My late husband was a fan. Before him I had no clue who authored the idea of paradigm shift. Coincidentally, my mother's maiden name was Kuhn, her father immigrated from Germany in 1905.
Why should I do your work to you? You are capable of using google, and anyway, you already said you won't believe anything bad about your geriatric god of grump.
Oh, I am :-)
You sound amazing what with your interests and pursuit of improving yourself. The only note I what you said, and this may be my being old fashioned, is your use of the word "girl" when you mean "woman". Honestly, you're not sick, you are scared. Please understand that many women are as well. Putting yourself out there is not easy. You said that women want confidence. Well, as a woman, I can tell you that is not always true. Sometimes men who come across as uber confident are actually off-putting and hard to be around. Be yourself, and care. Treat women like they are the humans they are, with respect and friendship. Keep doing therapy, but also remember to have fun and be a friend to yourself.
Call Corey Gardner and remind him that his Democrat, Pioneer ancestors would be ashamed of him.
Time to regroup yourself is vital for parents.
I cannot and will not watch his show.
1. There is this tiny restaurant that has only six tables. You have to call ahead and you don't get a choice. The owner/chef/server has a full 5 course meal made, all are served at the same time. There are 2 dessert choices, and coffee or tea. No alcohol. Best food, and a quiet place with incredible paintings. 2. 3rd neighbor down is a drug addict trust fund baby with 2 pit bulls that won't stay corralled. I'm wanting to go vicious on him. 3. I'm a middlevert. 4. Dina 5. My youngest son.
Well, he's gone now, but, yes, he (68) was wonderful. He was beautiful in every way, and we had a delightful time right up to the last. When you get together with someone you love, a few grey hairs are nothing.
Set aside a 15 minute block of time tomorrow and call each one of his offices and complain.
All over this land??
The mention of assassination is wrong. That would cause far too much turmoil and mark Democrats forever. He has been impeached, despite all the efforts to derail the process, and now, the Senate trial is taking place. It is awful that it is only the shell of a trial, with no witnesses or evidence. In a just world, enough Republicans would be ethical enough to vote to remove him from office. In a truly just world he would be sentenced to Federal prison for his crimes, along with any of his henchmen, while McConnell and the others lost their seats. For many years the Republicans have crapped on decency, and they get away with it because they know there is no real consequences. Gore v Bush. We gave in. Lies about the Clinton's. We gave in. Yellow cake. We gave in. President Obama not getting to choose a Justice. We gave in. Him stalking behind HRC on the debate stage. We gave in. Holding what we knew was a scammed election. We gave in. I have never before wished a human being would become ill, but I do now. An obvious illness caused by age, bloat and sloth, that takes a diagnosis and time. This would be far better than any sudden death. I have little faith he will be defeated. Who knows?
Well, good for you. I mean that.
And the males can't do their job either, with AI being necessary.
I've seen many beautiful places. Rafting on the Green River through the Gates of Ladore was one of the most incredible. I would love to see Plitvice Lakes in Croatia.
Fucking redneck pussy jerk. So yellow bellied he can't walk past a snake but needs his murder beast to kill itfor him. Snakes are beneficial animals, keeping down rodent numbers. Dogs kill so many wild animals, this is just wrong.
There currently is not a US draft. Men have to sign up for Selective Service, so in case there is the need for the draft, the government already has the info. Everyone serving now has made the choice and volunteered. Your last sentences are spot on.
"Get rid of her" can be interpreted in ways other than a simple firing.
I can easily picture him giving these types of orders. He is nothing but a thug.
A national strike might be good, too.
Hey. Don't insult female genitalia by comparing it to trump. Those are amazingly strong and life giving, whereas trump is weak and life-sucking.
Happy Cake Day!
Yeah, but those can be pricey.
"Fired"
My main advice to you is not to commit any crimes. Think your life sucks now? Being a convicted criminal will make it far worse.
I was doing pretty well today until I saw the disturbing error on this post. 26th. Not 26rd. Sheesh.
Unprovoked attack should end with a dead dog.
Thank you!
That nicety never occurred to the government in every US conflict between the Civil War and Vietnam.
Thanks for saying this. Your gracious attitude is appreciated.
How heavy is it? Looks maybe like a fungus.
It would be interesting to see a scan of Trump's brain, and see what bits are firing abnormally.
1. Rarely. I design and sew my fancier stuff, love thrift store chic, and trade my jewelry with weavers. 2. My studio. 3. Pineapple and Canadian bacon. Artichoke hearts. Feta and Greek olives. Pepperoni. Mozzarella. Onions. Basil pesto. That sort of stuff. 4. Princess Laya Eggana was the name of my lovely, blonde Buff Orpington hen. 5. Mostly women, older, creative, serious, liberal, generous, well read, fun to hang out with.
Wow. She is so lucky he dumped her. She was nearly legally bound to a controlling man who values his dog over her and is such a whiny narcissist he goes on social media for validation. I wish her well.
Hens. They lay eggs, and are adorable, sweet animals who love to cuddle. Buff Orpington is a breed of chicken. They lay a brown egg every other day. The chicks are fluffy balls or buttercup yellow fuzz, the mature hens are a deep blonde. One of my sons is a Star Wars fan and he named one of our new hens in honor of Carrie Fisher/Princess Leia Organa. Princess Laya Eggana. Get the yolk?
His dog, his responsibility.
A burst grape with the mass of a 300 pound man behind it.
NTA While you can feel pity for an overwhelmed mother you have every right to protect yourself. If one of those children got hurt on your property, you could be sued into oblivion. Write a formal letter to your neighbor, send a copy to the police, and your lawyer if you have one, keep a copy for your records. State in the letter your desire to have a good, neighborly relationship but that you do not want your property to be trespassed upon and no one should enter your yard without an invitation and supervision.
No. People without kids do not love their animals in the same way that parents love their children. There is no comparison.
So, we all are supposed to "deal with" every idiocy anyone decides to pull out of their ass? People can imagine all sorts of nonsense but nowhere is it written that we have to nod our heads in vacuous agreement. Pets are not as important as people. Anyone who thinks a dog is as important as a child is wrong. Deal with it.
NTA My Dad died of lung cancer when I was 21. He was a 2 pack a day guy, addicted during his WWII years. Cigarettes were part of the rations. My childhood was spent on a house thick with smoke. My sister and I tried to get him to stop. Our mother also smoked, but only a couple per day. I was frequently ill with respiratory illness. I was embarrassed by the smell of our house and the ashtrays everywhere. Our campaign to get them to stop was a failure. I knew in my heart that my Dad was going to die of cancer, which is a pretty heavy thing for a kid. Just after I graduated he was diagnosed, and then followed 3 years of hell. I hope your mom comes to her senses before it's too late. Tell her you love her, and that she is welcome but her smokes are not. I hope she comes to her senses.
Or how women and children were treated in the camps in Sandakan.
We already had the answer to your question by the time the bomb was dropped. Japan had invaded Manchuria and had wiped out large swathes of civilians who had surrendered. The Allies had reason to not trust Japanese sensibilities.
NTA Good for you. I would never ask a friend to alter their appearance for my wedding. How rude. I guess you could call him a groomzilla.
Ever since clint eastwood gave that ludicrous "empty chair speech" in 2012, I lost what little respect I had for him. Then in 2016 he said he did not like trump but would vote for him so he wouldn't have to vote for HRC, he again proved he is a total POS.
Glass artist here. I agree with you. That is a lovely hunk of glass, and I would love to have it. It bothers me that some here chose to downvote you for your opinion. It seems childish and rude. And glass is made from minerals, after all. And red glass is made that color with gold salts. Which is why red glass is more expensive than most other colors.
Apparently you did not comprehend what I wrote. Try it again. Also, his name is Emmet Till. Not emit.
So, do you believe Martin Luther King was merely a drum major and that his non-violent marches were ineffectual?
Well said. I agree with you.
Absolutely delightful!
There was an active press during all of the incidents you mentioned. If there was rioting in NY due to Ludlow, it would have been covered. And so on. *"if you want to change the world you have to get up early"* THIS is one of your points? teeheehee. Wow. What a rapier sharp wit! A mind like a steel trap! I might just cross-stitch that sentiment on a throw pillow for my fainting couch!
Reports are he still uses a tanning bed and spray bronzer. The pink flesh about his eyes look like goggle marks. Vitiligo is not so pink and not so even. How can he look in the mirror and approve of what he sees? He is an egomaniac. He lacks whatever part of his brain is needed to handle self awareness.
I wish they would tear down the statue of J Marion Sims in Central Park.
No. That goes against the US Constitution. The Eighth Amendment (Amendment VIII) of the United States Constitution prohibits the federal government from imposing excessive bail, excessive fines, or cruel and unusual punishments. Crucifixion is what the ancient Romans did, as well as some modern terrorist regimes. But the most famous victim of crucifixion is Jesus Christ. It would not be a good idea to give the trumpists any reason to see trump as a martyr any more than they already do. Trump should be charged with the myriad crimes he has committed, including treason, and the US judicial system should follow the proper course. Followed by the traditional penalty for treason.
Accident? Do you know that the knee-on-the-neck move is against police rules? That was a murder. No sugar coating it. Trying to soften excuse, whitewash what happened is neither honest nor helpful. It is not nuance, but avoidance.
He was face down, surrounded by 3 armed men. Give me a break. I am glad your opinions are just that: opinions. I hope you never have the opportunity to sit in judge of someone, or be responsible for the safety of anyone besides yourself. I wonder what your agenda is. Mr. Arbery was a victim of first degree murder.
TRIGGER WARNINGS Wow. Did this bring it all to the front. Here is my story, I can't keep it short. So apologies for the wall of text. There are all sorts of trigger warnings here. I was 36, this happened in 1996. My 2nd child, I had a 2 year old son. I wanted a midwife assisted birth, and the only facility was a 2 hour drive away, a place where midwives were trained, with a good reputation. My husband stayed with our 1st son while I delivered. Everything was fine, except I had a retained placenta. This necessitated a trip to the hospital. A retained placenta can cause massive bleeding and was beyond the midwives legal abilities. It was a hot summer night, I'd been in labor since early morning. I had a new son, with wide eyes and a mass of dark hair. He was perfect with a high APGAR score. After we arrived, we were told it would be a while. My husband went the waiting room with our toddler, while the midwife went to the midwifery center with my newborn. She was a dab hand at babies. While I was unhappy about the placenta, I felt good about my loved ones well being. I was brought into an exam room. It was cold with the air conditioning blasting. 3 nurses were there, and I was stripped of my nightie I was wearing. I expected to be given a robe but was not. I was in pain, my body laboring to expel the placenta, my crotch sore from giving birth, and weary from labor. So there I was, in stirrups, waiting for a doctor, refused a robe or blanket, or even a paper sheet. When the dr came in he told me that I needed to admit my newborn. When I asked why he said "We don't know what is wrong with him" When I had seen my kid last, he was in fine condition. My questioning was turned aside with evasive and abusive answers. "We need to test him, you are being an irresponsible mother. You should not give birth outside a hospital. We don't know what contaminants he has been exposed to. I should call CPS, want me to call CPS? sign here'" At this point I was near tears, and asked to be able to speak with my husband. I was not about to admit our child without his knowledge. The dr got more aggressive and told me I was a bad mother, trash. I asked for another dr. but a nurse snapped I was stuck with this one. I had an IV placed in my arm, and a bag of liquid was hung, but the drip was not opened. I had a very long time to observe this. The dr. had been pushing a clipboard in my face, bare hands. When I got a bit shrill, said I wanted to leave, and insisted I talk to my husband, he spoke sharply to the nurses to "get the job done". And he went for my vagina. Bare hands, no hand washing, no sterile gown. No pain meds. I tried to point out to the nurses that I had a dry IV in my vein to no avail. Pulling a placenta by blunt dissection means a hand is pushed through the cervix, mine was mostly closed, and the placenta is pulled from the uterine wall with the fingertips. This was every bit as painful as it sounds. I heard myself yelling out, and two nurses held me down by lying over my body. I sort of passed out for a bit, things went dark. Near the end one nurse said, "Uh-oh" and opened the IV. I saw this happen clearly. Afterwards, the dr made some ugly comments about hippie moms, and how he was going to have cops find my kid for a drug screen. The medicine rendered me unable to speak. I was very conscious, but not speaking made everyone act as if I were an idiot, speaking loudly and slowly. My husband had to drive to the midwifery center in order to leave our toddler there, then come back to me. Then, since I was unable to walk, (drugs!) and unable to pee, (swollen tissue) they insisted on admitting me. Which at that point they could have killed me and I couldn't have lifted a finger to stop them. My husband had to get back to our toddler, I could not talk at all and he was not understanding my gestures. He left, telling me he would see me in the morning. I was put in a room, and tried to sleep. I was shaking with cold and nerves and bleeding. Not once that whole night did I have anyone help me to the bathroom to pee, wash me, talk to me. When my husband showed up around 8:00 am, the demerol has left my system, and we left. This whole thing was bizarre. We ate breakfast at the hotel. I was overjoyed to see my kids. I felt in pain, and incredibly emotional. After we arrived home I slept and nursed the baby. On day 3 after birth, my husband took our #1 son to get groceries and head to the park for a bit. I was tired and went to bed with my baby. I woke later in so much pain I could not turn over. Luckily, my baby was sleeping soundly. My husband arrived soon after and we headed to the ER. These doctors and nurses were beautiful. I was given pain meds, and hooked up to an antibiotic IV, my baby was given a health check, all ok! I had a major uterine infection with placental tissue removed. The jerk dr could not even do the job right. It was that night I was finally able to speak to my husband what went down. We complained, but I should have sued. The bit in this article that struck me was how many women don't complain. I just wanted to live, I was so exhausted. I asked the hospital to train him better. I know that he was disciplined and was given extensive training on how not to act like a total dick. He was a military doctor, on loan to a local hospital. I know now that I could have sued for a major amount, and they did see him, and the nurses as problems. It was an odd coincidence, but 5 years later, when having my #3 kid, in another town, my new midwife was the person in charge of giving the OBGYN unit seminars on treating patients with dignity. I was told that the same dr had yelled at a woman for making too much noise during labor, calling her a pussy. I don't often think about what happened but that does not mean I'm not angry still. If I could shoot him, and get away with it, I think I would. The sycophantic nurses were also horrible. It strikes me now, that discipline and training was not what he needed. He should have lost his medical license. I was sexually assaulted and bullied. Oh, one more thing: his misogyny led him to hate on midwives, hence his faux concern about my newborn's health. I did get copies of the tests he had tried to bully me into signing for, and one was a spinal tap. Thank goodness I was still able to advocate for myself a bit, otherwise my child would have been put through unnecessary pain for no reason.
Floyd was cuffed, face down, saying he could not breathe. This was not a quick process. Chauvin had time to think, plenty of time to see Floyd was becoming unresponsive. He was trained. He knew what kneeling on a neck will do. He knew what was happening. 1st degree murder, life without parole.
I wish they could drag him out of there like they did Ceausescu.
It goes far beyond merely vetting potential partners. The guy who raped me when I was 20, was an older class mate who spoke lovingly and proudly of his wife and kids. He was going back to school to be a better provider. He offered me a ride home. I had no clues, no way to gauge if his eyes lit up. And women should not have to, either. Even if you are gutsy enough to strike up a conversation on "non-con" to try to perceive his mind, he can still lie to you. I bet many of us here have been lied to by a guy with an innocent face.
While doing volunteer work for various charities in the town where I live, there is an interesting phenomenon. Both wealthy and not wealthy donate. But the poor people give amounts that I know is hard for them. Yet they give. The rich may give more, but never an amount that they will feel. And they always ask for a receipt for tax records. They also rarely give of their time.
"May"? Why the qualification?
In my personal life I am. I have cut out of my life every relation and acquaintance who is a trumper. I figure I can't both try to teach my kids to be people with integrity, and at the same time ask them to make nice with a trump supporter.
"Principled Republicans" Now that is an oxymoron.
Yeah. Other people protesting violence and discrimination can be *sooo* annoying! Please OP, read this in a voice laden with sarcasm and scorn.
I don't know if the article is accurate. It probably is. And if graham is a closeted gay, then he is an even bigger pos than I thought. Bigotry and hypocrisy all at the same time. The writing style of the article was poor. It is written as though a 19 year old guy is rattling this news off to his buddies. Using slang like "wanna" makes it seem less truthful.
Yeah. It's a funny feeling, knowing the new terms and being comfortable with the new technology, but falling back on old terms. I wonder what is going to change for all the current younger crowd.
More chilling, look at how he is holding her. Close to a choke hold, very controlling, possessive.
Historically speaking, this is not accurate. The Montgomery Alabama bus boycott began in 1955 when Rosa Parks was arrested and fined for not giving up her seat on a bus to a white man. The policy was for a black person to enter the bus, pay the fee, get off the front, then walk back to enter the rear door of the bus and sit in the back. At the time blacks made up 75% of Montgomery's bus ridership. So, a boycott was quite useful, and the NAACP, sued. On June 5, 1956, a Montgomery federal court ruled that any law requiring racially segregated seating on buses violated the 14th Amendment to the U.S. Constitution. On July 20th, 1969, Neil Armstrong became the first human to step on the Moon, followed by Buzz Aldrin while Michael Collins piloted the Apollo 11 capsule. So, there is a 13 year separation between segregated buses (segregated ridership, not forbidden) and the first moon landing. However, you do have a point. And people, both black and white were pointing it out at the time. NASA monies came from taxes, and Americans were already pissed about having to pay for our involvement in Vietnam. MLK pointed out that from the moon, with a sufficient telescope, the astronauts could see the slums. A majority of Americans were against spending money on the program; it was termed a " moondoggle". But, due to the space race with the Soviets, it happened, and admittedly is quite cool scientific achievement.
Well, yes. There was one guy, Ed Dwight, who was a test pilot, but was not selected by NASA, due to race. Not that they admitted that. He went on to be a sculptor. His work is mind blowing. Several of his works are on public display, including in Denver, Washington DC, and Austin. I noticed his work at the college I attended which is how I know of him.
Glass slag.
Did this really happen? Just reading this made me feel gross.
No, look at the points and striations. Due to the color it can be confusing.
Livestock is part of a person's income.
I wouldn't be surprised if the US is an open book to Russia.
I do not think we should allow him the dignity of an election. We already know he cheats. He should be dragged out of the WH, along with every member of his family and staff. Barren should be placed in foster care with intensive counseling. The rest should be jailed, investigated, (that will be easy since they are so blatant), tried, convected, and trump should be executed for treason. Probably Uday and Qusay as well as ivanka.
The word you should use is not "complex" it is "complicit," His troops kidnapped free blacks during the civil war and sold them South into slavery. He knew this, did not stop it. He grew up with slaves, and he was able to take full use of his wife's slaves. He inherited slaves with the instruction to manumit them within 5 years. He kept them working the full time. He was against abolition, despite some sentiments against slavery. It is easy to disparage slavery, for a public show, while still enjoying the benefits. It is a shame he was not hung for a traitor.
I disagree vehemently. Not punishing the Confederate leaders made them heroes. They continued on bring slavers using prison labor. When no punishment came it made the south look not as evil as it was. The romanticizing began immediately. The US Constitution defines treason as levying war against the government and aiding and abetting its enemies. By that definition, every Confederate soldier in the Civil War, as well as every political leader was a traitor. Yet jefferson Davis was not even tried for a crime. There is evidence to suggest that there was plenty of racism in the North, and also slavery rippled through the Northern economy. This is certainly a reason there was little desire to mete out penalties. I did not say I wanted the South subjugated. I am saying that the top leaders of the Confederacy should have been executed. It would have saved so much trouble down the years.
Plenty of nazis got away. Since Germany no longer has a fascist government, and is united under a representative democracy, I'm not sure of your point.
Wow. Such deep color.
You're joking, right?
He is a monster.
I am not totally disregarding bundy's words, but I do not think he should be taken all that seriously. He was a master at deceit and manipulation. Dobson and Bundy had been corresponding for a year before the interview, and it was Dobson who brought up the idea that porn was the motivation behind the killings. It was an easy notion for bundy to latch on to, ergo, it was not him being a bad person, choosing to hurt others. But for the introduction of detective magazine covers in his life, he would have been a model citizen. That is a massive cop-out. I need to point out here that serial killers were around long before modern pornography, with its ubiquitous presence. Including bundy. There is no single unifying factor that explains serial killers. Not all had childhood trauma, not all had an inability to form relationships, not all used porn, not all fit the Macdonald triad. If there is a unifying factor, science has not yet discovered it. I loathe porn and would love to be able to point to it as the source of serial killings, but it is clearly not, there has to be something more. I'd hazard a guess that the majority of young men today use porn, yet serial killings are in decline. Several criminologists have written that the bundy/dobson interview should not be taken seriously. That is was one last wheedle and bit of deceitful fun by bundy. Explain why you think we should take him seriously. He was not known for his honesty. He pandered to an idea brought to him by dobson, without proof, and instead of taking responsibility fobbed his crimes off on magazines. And dobson got to enhance his bank account. A few years ago dobson gave the following advice to a woman who was being beaten frequently by her husband, "As a christian, divorce is out of the question. Remain silent at home, walk on cracked eggs, and be the eternal conciliator." You believe what you want, but I'm not going to take seriously the ideas that come out of a man who can say that. Both bundy and dobson are misogynists and their little tete-a-tete was a joke.
When we met, one of the things that connected my now late husband and I were our mutual love for sci-fi and fantasy books. The first time I visited his house, early in our relationship, I saw he had a few Gor books on his shelf. I sort of unleashed on him. I can't recall my exact words but pointed out the misogyny and violence. A couple of days later, he called me up to tell me that he had looked at those books again, and that I was right, and he had trashed all his books that depicted women as subjective to men. Since he had plenty of early sci-fi, he chucked out a significant number of books.
Ha! He'd better have. If he had been really into them, I'd have been gone.
On the issue of babies, that is easily discussed early on in a relationship. Why people would assume 2 people into each other can't or won't communicate their feelings on such a fraught matter astounds me.
There are plenty of prominent Italian Americans who have accomplished much. I think you should Google it and educate yourself. Your comment smacks of a bit of bigotry.
Why would the lights be a problem?
A year or so back, new neighbors moved in down the road and promptly hung out an American flag. I thought to myself, "Dang! Probably conservative trumpers". And then I thought, why should those fools, those uptight, authoritarian-minded, supporters of a traitorous buffoon get to appropriate the flag that has stood for freedom? So, I fly a flag. On the porch of the same yard that displays Democratic political signs. As the daughter of a WWII vet, I'm not about to let these people make me ashamed.
You have apparently taken more shrooms at a time thani have🐛
I smiled sweetly at them and said politely that the land they were planting their signs on belonged to me, not them. I showed them the surveyor markers in the ground and told them that my side was off limits.
Well, I'm not that nice. Don't give me credit I don't deserve. They are trumpists who have pit bulls and display a confederate flag in their living room. I made it clear I expect them to honor property lines. If their dogs get out, I'm calling animal control. I don't need to escalate, I simply don't have enough energy, but I'm sure as hell not going to be a doormat.
If it's righteous anger, it can be fun:-)
I display a flag on my porch, near my Democratic political signs.
With each grunting thrust of his lardy loins the cash register that is her brain goes "Ka-Ching!"
Don't buy it!
A snorky, breathless sort of squeal. "SnrrfkkEh! Ueghhee!"
I'm not sure about souls. But it is obvious that this woman has no conscience. And she certainly has no leash on her actions. I can't believe anyone would be so nasty, so uncaring, as to deliberately cough at someone asking her to do the right thing. I have a neighbor who actually says wearing masks "is so bad for you, it can help kill you!". I'd ask her to explain herself, but I don't want to be around her.
This is something you wouldn't even do in normal times, if you knew you were healthy.
I wonder why they say kids under 13 should not wear masks.
Are they free?
Yeah. That's why so many doctors keel over mid-surgery.
I wonder how she acts in her private life, if this is what she shows the world.
Now see? Why can't they just think for a bit?
Look how he is holding her wrist. Now go look at pics of him and ivanka where he holds her in controlling ways.
I despise wot. But, happily, I decided to quit and not invest more time in them.
That last bit would make for very reluctant heroes.
If there is any golden retriever in the that pit bull it is because it was eaten.
Yesterday evening my 13 year old son came to me and asked if we could go for a walk, "just the 2 of us.". So, we did. It was just pleasant. We watched bats swooping low over the pond, sipping water, then sat for a while on the hill watching stars come out. We talked some, but mostly we just enjoyed being together.
For every one thousand rapes, only 4 end with the perpetrator being convicted and incarcerated. Male privilege is also at play.
I like Brandon Sanderson. I've read several. But, they don't stay with me. Once they end, that's it. I have been entertained, but I don't want to read them again. I don't go back and re-read passages that made me feel deeply, or were cleverly written.
1. My son is home from the hospital. That's nice. 2. My sister and my kids 3. Hike and picnic. Something delicious to eat someplace beautiful. 4. Under covid, too frequently. 5. Silver smithing.
You may not have heard of it, but it does happen on rare occasion. I used to be a doula, and one of my clients was a cyclist. Prior to pregnancy she had hit a pothole in a road and hit the upright of her handle bars. She had a scar from her glans clitoris through her urethra. It was not a cut but a splitting of tissue. Ouch. Here is something I found with a quick search: "Understanding Straddle Injury A straddle injury is when trauma occurs to the groin area between the thighs. It can happen from straddling a hard object, or accidents such as falling onto a bicycle crossbar. The injury can cause damage to the outer genitals. In women, this is the vulva. It includes the outer and inner labia and the clitoris. In men, this includes the scrotum, testes, and penis. The groin area will likely be bruised, bleeding, and painful. The injury can also damage the tube that sends urine out of the body (urethra), especially for men. A straddle injury may also hurt the perineum." From stlukeskc.org. So, you see, there is more than one way.
I think denial of covid is regional and politically driven. You can tell a person's leanings by whether they wear masks or not. I had to go out yesterday, I had to get Rx for a sick son. Not covid, but definitely quite ill. First I had to stop by the bank. Drive through only. Then the pharmacy. Everyone entering had to wear a mask. Signs everywhere demanding distancing. And people were complying, politely. Restaurants, bars, schools, and churches are closed. My kids haven't gone anywhere since the start of March. Most people I know are isolating. I think that one factor in the US, as compared to many other countries is we have a poor social safety net. In most cases, if we don't work, we don't get paid, we don't eat. My friend in the UK was sent home in March, but still has full income. That's not happening here. What I see is people being nice. And wary. The social distancing is very much against human nature, and having to do it sucks. But, overall, we are trying to do it. Some places it's more difficult simply because of how things are set up.
Thoughts and advice: You are bonkers and irresponsible. Give Junebug the needle.
After having almost no work due to covid, I merely fantasize about being able to have a decent grocery shopping trip. But, yeah, I daydream about winning the lottery and spreading the happiness. Trouble is, I never buy lottery tickets.
Fumes of Sympathy. Great band name or album title.
Comments by u/whatsthatsmell4233 on r/pitbulls: "Yeah I just go there to troll them from time to time. I just agree with everything they say and then one up them to absurdity until they are confused as to why they thought that in the first place. Maybe it will reach a few. I find it hilarious that people who claim to be victims (without any individual anecdotal evidence or proof) want to victimize more dogs. Then irony is hilarious and sad at the same time. It's understandable to be frustrated if something happens to your dog, but you don't go killing the next driver you see on the road cause one hit your dog." "I encourage people to go there and just flat agree with anything they say and then go a step further and a step further. Even stupid people sometimes realize what they are saying is absurd....sometimes."
The photo of a beaten woman is not Aracely Henriquez, the victim of the robbery which Floyd was involved in. It is a photo of Andrea Sicignano, an American who was raped and beaten in Madrid, Spain in 2018. She has come forward on social media to correct the falsehood. George Floyd was sentenced to five years in prison for his involvement in an armed robbery in 2007. The woman robbed, Aracely Henriquez, was injured by another man, and there’s no evidence she was pregnant at the time of the incident. In the wake of worldwide protests against police brutality following the death of George Floyd, some internet users are spreading misinformation about Floyd’s arrest record. Floyd had multiple brushes with the law and was sentenced to serve five years in prison for his involvement in an armed robbery in 2007 while he still lived in Houston. "There has been a photo of me circulating around on the internet since yesterday. The photo was taken of me in a hospital bed in Spain after being violently beaten and raped by a stranger," Sicignano wrote in the post. "I posted my story over a year ago to use my voice to spread awareness and encourage other women to speak out about the injustices they've faced. Today my photo is being used as political propaganda/click bait to make people believe that George Floyd deserved to die. I am disgusted and humiliated, not for myself, but for my country." Some of the assertions made about the details of the robbery are not accurate. Floyd was arrested in 2007 for his involvement in an armed home robbery and was sentenced to five years in prison, but court records do not indicate that Henriquez was pregnant at the time of the incident, or that Floyd threatened to kill her baby. According to the police’s probable cause report, Henriquez, another woman and a toddler were home at the time of the incident and Floyd was one of multiple men who forced their way into the home, during which he threatened her with a gun. She was injured during the home invasion, but the report says her injuries were inflicted by another man, not Floyd.
Whatever that piss-colored, cotton candy, webby stuff is on his dome, I don't think he grew it.
It's also indicative of how he is being dealt with by his aides. Think about President Franklin Roosevelt. He was crippled, unable to walk, yet his aides, the press and his family helped him maintain his dignity. All of the presidents have been able to have a public face, displaying a certain grace. And we all know that behind what we see are people whose work is to help present to the public a leader who is strong, smart, together. But it is clear that is not happening with trump. He is notoriously grumpy with underlings, so I wonder if they simply are not caring too much. But think of all the times he has looked like a fool in public. Like that time he wandered about on the WH lawn, looking lost, until Melania arrived and led him to the waiting helicopter. Or the many times his orange makeup was poorly done. Or the toilet paper on his shoe incident. Or the time at the meeting with NATO leaders where he wandered about on stage looking for a way out. I think his aides are half-assing their job. Probably because of his attitude towards them, but it is still jarring.
They had to adjust his meds so he would not bobble it.
Congratulations! You have so much happiness ahead! Just wait until you are holding your new child, looking into the wisdom eyes all newborns have. No sweeter feeling in the world.
No. I haven't seen this one before. There is another one.
Ever since the Reagan administration, things have gone downhill. As chaotic as the 70s were, there was forward progress. But with each republican administration has come deeper national debt, roll back of money for education and the environment, selling of public lands, worse attitudes towards women, poor people, and ethnic groups. I'm very worried about the future of America. I try to be hopeful, but I doubt my ability to predict the future. I said that trump would not get in office, and I did not realize the extent of the corruption that helped him. I should have factored in the utter disregard of republican congress members and big money. This is no longer just old geezers like mcconnell. The newer, younger face of strident republicans like Matt gaetz , cory gardner, todd young and tom cotton frightens me. They are every bit as racist, misogynistic, anti-environmental as any greedy republican has ever been, and they are better at getting out their message. I think the upcoming election is on a knife edge. We know now, that cheating is already happening, polling places are being eliminated, and trump is openly asking for foreign interference. I wish other countries would step in to help monitor.
High school is not necessarily the be all end all of your future life. Plenty of successful, happy people sucked at high school. I'm going to give you advice that I wish someone had given me:. Ask for help. You are just as deserving of help as anyone else. It is the job, the mandate, of the teachers and admins to help you succeed. If your grades are dropping, help them help you. The first step is asking. Good luck!
That is 2 different scenarios. What you described was not a lost person asking directions.
Don't pity her. She knew exactly what she was doing and why. Ka-CHING!! She stood up in front of cameras and spouted birtherism crap about President Obama. She stood in front of cameras and called all the women who ever accused donald of sex assault liars. She said she was okay with the babies being taken from their mothers. She wore a jacket emblazoned with "I really don't care, Do U?" on a trip to see kids taken from their parents, held behind wire. She partied with Jeffrey Epstein and ghislaine maxwell. Every single non-pc slur one can think of is perfectly and revoltingly accurate and applicable. She is not a victim, she is as vile a criminal and an abuser as her husband is. Quit giving her any credence, you are not helping.
They reckon the confederacy back to early Southern slavery days. Not just when they finally put it down on paper.
I'd imagine economics plays a role.
Yes. Just a marketing name.
Thank you.
And trump says these prisons are fine.
Both are deeply wrong. To remove healthy tissue from an unconsenting child is wrong. Just because one is worse does not make the other acceptable. If it is wrong to cut off a child's hand it is also wrong to cut off a finger. Also, one of the main proponents of male circumcision, and one of the researchers of the "African studies" is Brian morris. He is a circ fetishist, known to enjoy what is termed "circumcision tourism", in Uganda. He is a member of the Gilgal society, and the Cutters Club. Both of these groups sexually fetishize circumcision, sharing pornographic stories, and pics of young men and boys being cut. One of his cohorts is jake waskett, a computer geek who lurks on online parenting forums promoting male circumcision. Waskett is not a doctor or health care worker. He does enjoy fetish stories of young boys being circumcised while men watch, masturbating. If the parents who read his articles on neonatal male circumcision knew his proclivities they might be concerned. Both Waskett and Morris are close associates with Vernon Quaintance. Quaintance is leader of various circ-fetish groups. Quaintance has been caught with child pornography, and has been convicted on that charge and for molesting young boys.
Why do you hold culture in such high regard?
Culture-schmulture. Footbinding girls in China was the cultural thing to do once. Owning slaves in the Antebellum south was culture. Plenty of really shitty stuff can be stuck with the lable of culture. The "it's culture!" argument is particularly stupid
The strength it takes to damage a car is intense. A few years ago, 2 pits attacked my hens. They bit through asphalt shingles and 2x4 planking. There were bite marks through the boards, like bites out of a cookie.
My neighbor thinks masks are bad for you. She said that breathing in your own air can make you pass out. I replied, "Yeah. I feel so sorry for all those doctors who keel over, mid-operation."
I'm thinking feldspar.
Fireworks are only set off a few days a year. Plenty of time to make a nice sound proof area in advance.
I had to fly to be with my Mom as she was dying. As we passengers entered the airport we had to walk between a phalanx of uniformed men and dogs. The dogs were so close to us our legs brushed their noses. One woman ahead of me picked up her child, about 4 years old, and was ordered harshly to put her down and make her walk. Face level with dogs. How this does not violate the 4th Amendment, is beyond me.
I buy from thrift stores frequently, or sew my own.
Run.
No, I don't own guns.
McCain did one noble thing in his life: He was a brave POW, who withstood torture. After that, he was a mixed bag. He was a crappy husband to his first wife, Carol, screwing around on her while he was still in the Naval Academy. After his release and return to the States, he found she was disfigured and crippled from a car accident. He met Cindy Hensley, the heiress to the Anheuser-Busch fortune, and well connected. He dumped his first wife and their 3 kids and married Cindy. By this time, McCain was dabbling in politics, her money helped set him up. McCain liked to portray himself as a maverick politician by occasionally voting in opposition to his republican colleagues. He never did this when the outcome was in doubt, and by all accounts these votes were carefully calculated to boost his independent image. With few exceptions he was a hard line conservative. Anti gay marriage, pro confederate flag ("heritage!") anti abortion, pro prayer and 10 commandments in schools, supported anti flag burning amendment, anti prohibiting job discrimination by sexual orientation, pro cutting corporate taxes, pro death penalty and stiffer sentences, (he was against studying racial disparities in death sentences), pro limiting death sentence appeals. He unleashed the trashiest of white trash politicians on us by picking sarah palin as his running mate. For that alone he should never be forgiven. The American public should not have had to put up with a single day of her low life family drama and golly-gee pandering. If there is a hell, then McCain is toasting his toes there. I am sick of people trying to act as if he was a perpetual hero. And, I am also sick of his whiny daughter, Meghan, who is in denial about her daddy.
