&gt;He only takes credit for the good stuff. And stuff that's been happening for a long time. Stock market shooting upwards for the past 7 years "It was me." 80 straight months of job growth "You can thank me." 7 years without flight passenger deaths "I'll take the credit." ... An emboldened Nazi kills an innocent protestor in his first year "Many sides, many sides."
Well, I'm sure his asinine "remove 2 regulations for every 1 new one" rule will eventually hit some important airline regulation and put this streak to bed.
&gt; We have taken Jerusalem, the toughest part of the negotiation, off the table, but Israel, for that, would have had to pay more. What does this sentence even mean?
Meh, Boeser had 1 more goal and the same amount of assists in 2 fewer games. It's not a very complicated metric by which they decide these things. It makes sense. Calder race will be fun.
Jeez is this the 3rd commercial break in about 5 minutes of gameplay?
Vancouver fan here - Tanev is 28. If ownership thinks that Horvat and Boeser are ready to take the team to the next level in the next 2-3 seasons, then yes he's untouchable. If they think that the rebuild still needs a few more pieces and high draft picks, then he's our best trade chip. Could go either way.
We'll give you Alex Edler!
Boeser is the second coming but I don't see us making the playoffs this year or next with just him and Horvat carrying the team. Pettersson is looking amazing but is only 19. Demko is also great in net but Markstrom still has 2 years left on his contract. At this point I'd prefer to trade Tanev for a really good prospect, play the young guys top minutes, tank pretty hard, get something for Vanek at the deadline, have Boeser win the calder, get a top pick, repeat for two more years, dominate for the next 5 years with Horvat, Boeser, Pettersson, Demko, Goldobin, Juolevi, Dahlin (one can hope!) all in their prime.
It never has been, as far as I know. When you have 2 paid professionals whose (basically) entire job is to watch that line the whole night, you're not going to get too many mistakes that can be spotted with the naked eye at regular speed.
100% agree. "Lengthy review" "offside" and "disallowed" should never be in the same sentence.
I have an even better solution. Scrap the offside challenge entirely.
Except now you go on the penalty kill if you're wrong. So the refs have to be extra careful to get it right. Which defeats the entire purpose of trying to disincentive this challenge, which is a really stupid concept in the first place. Just get rid of it!
&gt;Think a first rounder this year and a B/C level prospect would be enough? I really doubt it. I think it would take a top level prospect that. Factors in Chris Tanev's favour include: * Still at his peak (28 years old) and arguably our best defenseman since 2012 * Probably top 10 defensive defenseman in the league * Fantastic contract ($4.4M for 2 more years after this one) * Market for available defensemen is really sparse * Couple that with lots of teams with potential interest I might be biased but as a trade asset I can only think of 2 or 3 players in the league with higher value who might realistically be on the market.
I think Trump has threatened a nuclear strike just as often as Kim Jung Un has. And he certainly brags about increasing our nuclear arsenal. The US is guilty of at least items 3 and 6 on his own survey - is NK justified in using a nuclear strike against us? What a demented survey from a demented (I use that word in its literal sense) president.
He might
Why did you lump Obama, who by that graph seems to have saved the stock market, with Bush, who seems to have almost destroyed it? This is a horrible way to present this data.
Kim Jong Un recently fired a successful intercontinental missile capable of carrying a nuke. He then promised to be a responsible nuclear power. He thinks he has some leverage now.
They fired their most powerful missile ever on November 29th.
Spoiler alert and prepare to be disappointed, he'll read off a promoter and the media will jizz itself with how "presidential" he was.
It's not "literally" what he's saying. You've inferred a lot of context from one photo. For all you know those protesters are of the opinion "All Muslims = ISIS" or they were chanting "death to brown people" or there were a dozen people out of frame with racist signs that didn't mention ISIS at all or these people are members of a known hate group. I have no idea either, but I'm not going to make a black and white judgement with so much information missing.
100%
I hate the offside challenge so much that even as a Canucks fan I'm annoyed that they've challenged this.
I'm fully aware why they introduced this rule.
I know, that's why they brought the rule in. But it seems like for every one of these there's 10 that are absolutely infuriating. I'd prefer to cut our losses and let these slide, for the good of the game. There are 2 guys out there whose full time job it is to watch that line, let them do that job and accept a modicum of human error like we do for every other aspect of the game.
I was disappointed that the best driving scene of the entire movie was the opening scene. I kept waiting with increasing expectations but nothing after ever lived up to it.
&gt; If goalie starts are indeed reduced, who would be the best streamer to grab some points - Hinostroza, Schmaltz, Ferland or Backlund? Grab Ferland if you just want points, grab Backlund if you want slightly less points but FOW is important.
Yeah I'd say so. He's been a bit quiet lately but still looking really good on Calgary's top line, and just had two straight 1G-1A games.
The best part about him muting these accounts is that it means he's reading the tweets.
It looks like it turned into a baseball diamond and a dozen parking lots...
Lots of movies are made about someone and they never get to make a speech, never mind even getting on stage.
Unironic "thanks Obama". How long until Trump and his crony elitist Republican conspirators pull another Bush?
At the very least let's go to 7 minutes of OT. 5 was just an arbitrary number based on the fact that humans tend to like multiples of 5.
I'm actually strongly against nuclear power but pro-nuclear jerk is so hard on reddit that I'm even afraid to post this in this sub.
Without even getting into the low-hanging fruit of radioactive waste and the threat of nuclear meltdowns (if it can happen in Japan it can happen anywhere), I have various other reasons: * exorbitantly expensive * the fuel (i.e. mostly uranium) is rare and finite * it's also very unequally distributed across the globe, which will lead to geopolitical conflicts like oil does today (in fact this is already happening) * generating the energy is clean but mining uranium is very dirty * the previous 2 problems will only get worse if we increase our consumption and deplete the easiest to access reserves * nations often use the guise of nuclear power to research nuclear weapons * nuclear plants can be targets of terrorism Some other renewable are also plagued by similar problems (or their own problems) but none has quite as many as nuclear IMO.
I searched YouTube and found 3 instances of Trump singing the anthem, and there's definitely a pattern. He seems to know the beginning (what 5 year old doesn't), and the part about the rockets onward. But I genuinely think he doesn't' know the middle. He especially doesn't know the line "O'er the ramparts we watched, were so gallantly streaming" - he never, ever sings it. Watch for yourself and decide. [One](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uyrfbQ6Tkdw) [Two](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SVYFaf9f8_s) [Three](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Dfe1s4HpJQ00)
The entire world is ignoring the war in Yemen.
&gt; another duchene situation F*** this tired argument unless you can find me 3 more examples - in the entire history of the NHL, I'm giving you 100 years here - where the same "situation" happened.
Hmm let's see... * 12 points in 22 games on the Islanders, often playing 10 minutes a night buried on the 3rd line * still has more assists than anyone in their bottom 6 (hey I wonder why Nelson can't buy a goal these days) * almost point per game in Bridgeport * Isles are 12-8-2 with him, 8-10-3 without (and 24-15-4 going back to last year with him) * Average possession numbers on bad possession teams * Isles have played 12 games since he was last sent down. They've given up 4+ goals in **10** of them. Yeah,but JHS was the defensive liability. * 6th on the Isles in points per minute But he's not playing like Patrice Bergeron so better send him to the AHL while the Isles sink. Oh he hasn't immediately transformed his game? Yeah scratch him there too, we need our 35-year-old career AHLers getting their minutes in for our last place offense-starved AHL team.
Not really fair to compare a series with a collection of stand-alone movies.
This counts as a start
Yup agreed, I picked him up too. Next week might be won or lost by how many games your players get in. He's C-LW-RW as a bonus too.
I'm going to boldly predict that you didn't read the article.
It still is though, based on our collective reaction.
Maybe the media should do its due diligence a bit more often. Hahaha who am I kidding.
Hockey (indeed pro sports in general) is all about emotion. The Cogliano streak was a really cool storyline. It severely sucks to see it end like this. It's normal to be upset about it.
For what it's worth I dropped him last week and he's still sitting on the free agent list, 10 man pool.
Republicans have been promising to replace Obamacare since 2009 and they've been in office for a full year, so where's the fix? Seems like their blundering incompetence (mixed with a dash of deliberate sabotage) has only made things much worse.
But I was told "both parties are the same!" Ugh.
&gt; I'm afraid there may be chemistry issue with Ho-sang in the dressing room. Why?
I'd prefer Sergachev over Shattenkirk even in a one-year league. At least if Sergachev is in a dry spell offensively he won't be minus 2 every night.
FYI you are arguing with an obvious troll.
I only catch the occasional Isles game, but can someone tell me why Fritz and Chimera are in the lineup?
Paul Ryan is now calling on Schumer to not shut the government down. Wait a minute so they passed a completely partisan hack job of a bill a single day before the deadline because they couldn't even get their own large majority on board in the House, and now they're running to Democrats in the Senate and saying "please help the Republican majority pass this shitty bill that you had almost no input on. And do it as fast as possible!"
But McCain isn't up for election this November.
The Senate is weird though. Montana has as many Senators as California and Texas. The GOP does better in rural areas and states with more rural populations (as a percentage) are overrepresented proportionally in the Senate. Same goes with Governors, with each State getting just one for obvious reasons. I wonder what percent of Americans are represented by a Democratic Governor/Senator. (I don't know)
They had a bipartisan deal for DACA plus extra border funding. McConnell didn't bring it up for a vote, Ryan ignored it completely and passed a partisan bill without DACA the day before the deadline. There's only one party who should carry 100% of the blame here.
And that neither Ryan nor McConnell even brought up for a vote.
If McConnell put the already negotiated bipartisan bill with DACA to a vote it would probably get 70+ votes. So tell me again who's playing politics?
He knows damn well that if he brought a bill to the floor which included CHIP, DACA and some money for border security it would get 70+ votes.
Or the Graham Durban bill which would probably get 70 votes for
Ah yes, the job of every president. To "troll" those who don't agree with him.
Nothing about JHS's play indicates laziness. Yes, he makes mistakes, and yes he often overcompensates trying to correct them. But he looks like he wants to win as much as anyone out there, and he works as hard as anyone (arguably too hard, see above point).
[Gotta like seeing this in the 1st period in Bridgeport tonight](https://twitter.com/TheSoundTigers/status/954870016310153219)
For real. He looks like a caricature of himself.
I've been to a lot of small towns and I don't remember any without their own coffee shop. Or at the very least a diner where you can get coffee which is still better than the mudwater they serve at Tim Hortons.
I guess it depends on your definition of small. If you mean like &lt;100 people then yes you're correct.
Can we do something about these post titles?
But but but I saw a photo of him wearing a white MAGA baseball cap and holding the phone to his face! Surely the master negotiator has been working around the clock trying to solve these issues that he totally understands.
Except this time the Democrats have this promise on the record. If McConnell fails to keep it the government will shut down again and there will be ZERO question who to blame, even the hard right will have trouble spinning that one.
1. Government workers go back to work and keep getting paid. 2. The Dems have the GOP on record promising to take up DACA within 3 weeks. 3. If the GOP breaks this promise the government shuts down again and this time there will be absolutely zero question on who to blame. I'll take it. Edit, and 6 years of CHIP funding (!), taking away a major negotiation chip (pun intended) from the GOP next time around.
They got 6 years of CHIP funding with today's deal. Now in 3 weeks the GOP can't make the "illegal immigrants vs sick kids" argument anymore. The optics will be very different.
They'll still need Dem votes in 3 weeks time to keep the government open.
Collins didn't have the power to shut the government down again in 3 weeks if the promise to her was broken. It's not the same at all. Also with CHIP being funded the GOP can't take it hostage next time. There is definitely some potential here.
Government reopens (voters like this), Dems just got CHIP for nothing, and they hold all the cards 3 weeks from now. Sounds good to me.
A lot changed. 2 days ago the Dems could have voted for CHIP and nothing on DACA. Now the government is open for only 3 more weeks, CHIP is totally off the table because it's funded, and they have a public promise to take up DACA. What did the Republicans gain, if I may ask you? 3 more weeks of the government being open? Great, both sides wanted that. What do they do in 3 weeks time when the Dems still have the power to shut it down, the entire country heard McConnell promise to take up DACA, and the Repubs can't use CHIP as a bargaining tool anymore?
If the Senate passes DACA to avoid another shutdown, then the House fails to pass it, it'll be 100% the GOP shutdown.
If the Senate passes it and the House kills it, then there's still no budget and Democrats go back to having as much leverage as they did this past week (actually even more, with CHIP off the table).
If the GOP controlled House fails to bring up a Senate bipartisan bill (because it contains DACA) and that triggers a shutdown, that's the clearest case of a GOP shutdown we'll have ever seen.
It'll make the Dems look dumb if Paul Ryan fails to pass McConnell's bill? Well I guess you're just trolling then.
r/politics has never allowed livestreams, on any topic, ever. It's not a conspiracy. When news articles are written about the town hall, they'll be allowed. Also I see pro-Sanders posts on the top of r/politics several times a week. Not to mention them filling up 90% of the front page during the Dem primaries.
Yeah and you'll get downvoted (rightly so) to -1000 within 5 minutes. They allow published stories, even from super shitty sites. They don't allow livestreams. The rules are pretty clear and consistent, there's no anti-Sanders bias in them.
Reminds me of Gostisbehere being a scratch for a few games last year.
Ha, you think Trump actually cares about the coal industry?
http://time.com/5058447/donald-trump-sexual-misconduct-women-press-conference/
*Penalty shot!* I HEARD YOU.
"42 71298s"
Saccharomyces cerevisiae
These reviews are complete BS. Can't even celebrate goals anymore.
Fans must love this
The NHL is really doing its best to make it hard to enjoy hockey. These challenges are sucking all the fun out of the game. Oh you think you scored? Are you sure someone's skate wasn't a millimetre off the ice 30 seconds ago? Are you sure the goalie didn't get brushed by an errant skate? Ohhhh wait in your seats for 8 minutes and you'll find out if the goal counts! What fan sits there and enjoys this?
Hahaha. I thought Matt Fuller was exaggerating but this is almost verbatim.
I prefer removing the challenge entirely but if they keep it it should be for missing something blatant. Like they should go look at the replay, notice that someone punched the goalie in the face, and be like "oh shit yeah we missed that, no goal." Anything that takes more than 10 seconds to decide, the call on the ice should stand.
Hannity has almost become a caricature of himself.
[Here's a pretty graph I made on the topic](https://imgur.com/nf2QQLN)
Come on, this is ridiculous. Both companies simply used the method they thought most effective to build their brand and sell as much product as possible, period.
I think more the fact that people are cutting the cord at an astonishing rate. Also the prevalence of things like Spotify and Apple Music which are expanding the horizons of our musical listening beyond the mainstream broad-appeal stuff that the Grammys usually honor.
Exactly. Back even just ~10 years ago if you wanted to watch TV you had your basic cable package and the top shows were pulling in 10s of millions of viewers per night. If you wanted to watch a movie you had what was in theatres, or you could spend $20 on a single DVD. Music, you had the radio or could buy a $20 CD so you'd better buy the hottest one (you're not going to risk that kind of cash to sample something new). Now we have Netflix and other streaming services with thousands TV shows and movies on demand, and Spotify and Apple Music that give us almost unlimited access to any kind of music we want to sample. There's so much more choice, we're not all going to collectively fawn over the same big names ever again.
He'd be free to give one but most people simply wouldn't care.
Yes, this. And Trump supporters. I can't count the number of times I've seen someone I have tagged as a fervent Trump supporter making a purposely divisive pro-Sanders anti-DNC post.
Lol no there wouldn't be. People just would by and large ignore it.
The covfefe tweet was kind of funny
I know you're being completely sarcastic, but this movement has been undergoing an absolutely enormous transformation over just the past few months and it's been a huge learning process for everyone (everyone who cares, that is). I don't need JT to have had the perfect answer last month and I don't need him to have it today or next week. This is one area where it's OK, I'd almost say even necessary, to have an evolving position.
Has this entire period been a STL powerplay?
Ok I'm sorry but how long do teams have to challenge a goal?
Is that Obama hanging from a noose? Seriously? God damn.
No. For starters he's not even signed yet, by the time that's done and he's up to speed it might be a month (during which time he'll just be taking up a roster spot, it's not like he's on the IR). Second, he'll be in the bottom 6. Third, he's 37 years old. How many other 37 year olds are fantasy relevant? And how many of those will have missed 2/3 of the season?
Unfortunately this is the exception not the rule; 99% of companies are pocketing the extra revenue and not raising wages at all.
Who?
After Trump announced the tariffs I made the conscious choice to start buying only BC apples (I used to buy Washington state pink ladies), and I'm actively avoiding US beer. Small things, but easy to stick to so far!
Lots of good American craft (which I'm avoiding for now - it's not like there's a lack of good Canadian options either!)
Totally agree. This whole thing is set up to give Trump a "win." It's the whole reason they're even meeting. Think about it, why is Trump even necessary in the peace talks? All the progress so far has been made by China and SK, in spite of him.
Maybe. Or maybe he's purposely stirring the pot of controversy between two groups conservatives are often antithetical to (LGBT community and BLM) and he has no intention to go. Call me cynical but I don't want to normalize Ford like the US media does with Trump. Let's not be gaslit. I'll give him credit for his actual actions, not his words.
Why is Trump even necessary for a NK deal? It looks like Moon has done all the hard work. The Singapore summit is nothing more than a photo op for Trump.
Trump would give NK the world if it boosted his personal image even a tiny bit. So that's probably exactly what will happen.
He won't insult Un. He only insults his closest allies. Murderous dictators on the other hand he has an odd respect for.
Luckily for Trump he really doesn't need to prepare for the summit. It's a staged photo op for him, nothing more. Kim gets his photo with a US president, Trump gets his "historic" photo op. Both men win. NK benefits enormously, nothing happens for America.
It's just a photo op, period. Any real negotiations are being done by the actual adults in the room (Moon, Xi, etc.)
A historic photo op where a murderous dictator will get his photo shaking hands and smiling with the US president just so said US president can get a bump in his poll numbers.
Who knows. It's not like Trump has read it.
What got agreed to today?
Taking down tarrifs on NK while imposing them on Europe and Canada. Awesome.
They've been saying it for years bro. I'll be impressed when the nukes are gone. By the way this document only reaffirmed a commitment already agreed to between NK and SK. Not something new that your god emperor negotiated.
I'm one of the 0.1% that uses a BlackBerry!
&gt; Fucking bingo dude. This is what that region has wanted since the Korean War. This is huge for them with little to show for the Americans. 100% true. &gt; Trump got dunked on. False. Because Trump never cared about the Korean peninsula, he only cared about his image. He wanted this "historic" moment for himself, and he got it. Global geopolitics are irrelevant to him. So this was a win for him.
No, remarkably it's by choice.
Not if you're buying from local small businesses. I mean yeah maybe my local baker gets his flour or his salt from the States but the business and the profits are his.
Buy from local businesses. Local butcher, baker, veggie store. Eat out at local independent restaurants rather than international chains. Check out your local film festival over the billion dollar Hollywood flicks. These are good habits even if you're not engaging in any "boycott."
No, he spends the profit on whatever he likes. He spends a fraction of the pre-profit revenue on more ingredients. And for all I know his flour is Canadian, I was giving the worst case scenario. Compare the situation to buying bread from Walmart, where maybe a few cents go towards employing the cashier, a few more to the raw materials, and the vast majority to Walmart itself.
Genuine question, why should it be 2%? That seems absolutely massive.
1) No, you won't feel unwelcome at all. I mean, don't show up in a confederate t-shirt and wearing a MAGA cap (even if you did, most people would be friendly, but you might be met with some glares.) But if you're friendly here people will be absolutely the same back. 2) I'm biased but come explore BC! We have mountains, the ocean, islands, forests, every corner of the province is stunning. 3) You will be just fine with out French in Montreal!
Good for the rest, it seems like an outrageously huge sum. It almost begs you to fight more wars to justify that sort of budget.
Can confirm, that's her Wonder Woman costume.
This is a joke.
It's almost a monthly tradition that Trump says something vaguely pro-space or pro-NASA and it hits the top of r/space. Like "Trump says we're going to put a man on Mars."
He said that they were awful deals and he was going to negotiate way better ones. Still waiting....
He also called the press the "enemy of the American people" so I'm gonna guess that deep down he's not too shook up about this.
Laws make it harder to do illegal things. Like yes if I really wanted to I could probably find some heroine tonight, but it would be a million times easier if they sold it at the corner store. And that difference in difficulty will stop many people.
Even if it's not directly related to Milo, the same national sentiments that were behind Milo's statements likely also influenced this shooter.
The top stories seem almost deliberately crafted such that the other person didn't have a gun. In order right now, guns were pulled against: * someone selling drugs * a guy with a rock * a guy trying to kick down a door * a knife * a hammer * a hatchet * knives again * a tire iron * a moose * an unarmed man charging * a tire iron again Seriously it's like they took turns listing every weapon in the book *except* another gun. There are stories with guns but they're much further down with way fewer upvotes. Don't forget, guns are the solution to everything and America *does not have a problem!*
Don't you remember in 2012 how Obama won then spent the next year tweeting insanely about Mitt Romney? Oh wait me neither because that would have been fucking ludicrous.
Even better is buying from local small businesses. Buying bread from Safeway that you hope is made in Canada is decent, buying it from the small baker down the block is best.
What kind of league had him on waivers up till today? I mean it was common knowledge that today was the signing deadline. Even if he's on waivers (which is itself ludicrous), pick him up last week and worst case scenario he rides your bench for 3 games and you drop him if he doesn't sign.
That was 3 years ago
Need 2.9 from Diggs in PPR. Please don't get hurt please don't get hurt.
Man I have 3 players in this game, really wanted OT
First I have to make it to the finals to be glad about that ;)
Oh sorry, misread your post!
Sounds like what my team is trying to do this week!
And yet we've somehow put men on the moon. Still probably the single most impressive feat humanity had pulled off.
Allen, Fournette, Conner (on my bench obviously), Gore (filling in for Conner), Mahomes, Robinson... highest scoring team on the year and I'm on pace for 50 points.
I was in 2 close matchups in 2 leagues, had CMC in one and facing him in the other. He got the perfect amount of points for me to lose them both.
I really dislike Trump, and I can also admit that he's not wrong all of the time. This week alone he's done 4 or 5 things I'm happy about! My problem with Trump is that I believe that his intentions are bad (self-serving) virtually all of the time. He does things not based on "is this good for the country?" but on "will this make me look good?" Sometimes, lucky me, these things align with my interests! But it's no way to run a country.
The way I approach these things is: how would I feel if I lost with Rodgers on my bench vs how would I feel if I lost with Allen on my bench?
Leaving his stick in the corner wouldn't be helping the other team, it would just be letting the game progress normally. That's like saying if the ref doesn't jump in front of a shot to try and block it he's choosing to help the shooting team.
Yeah, that team was awful and was going to stay awful. Worse defense than today, and there were apparently big character/locker room issues with Hall and Eberle. Not that I approve of anything Chia did; he's been a disaster. But doing "nothing" wouldn't have helped either.
Genuine question, aside from Hall and Eberle (who honestly is questionable), what quality players have they been bleeding? They've made some awful signings and keep downgrading fringe players for even fringier players, but I think they've done a good job keeping their prospects in place.
Yeah the Reinhart trade was bad but like I say, it wasn't them "bleeding good players". Barzal was a great pick but no guarantee the Oilers take him. 4 of the 5 players taken AHEAD of Barzal that year are Senyshyn, Zboril, Gurianov and Crouse, recognize any of those names? I don't...
The original skytrain (built in the 80s) was built for the future. Low how long the platforms are; they used to run 2 car trains and now they easily fit 6 car trains. It was great planning. The Canada Line on the other hand, despite being built 30 years AFTER the skytrain, is another story. Short 2 car trains and they span the entire platform.
Probably not, he might sell them weapons though.
Try bringing your bike onto a northbound train at 8am
&gt; It used to just be a one day Pride Parade.. Then it became Pride Week.. Now it's Pride Month? This is getting ridiculous. We know you're gay, that's fine. Nobody cares. You don't need to flaunt it in people's faces and perform obscene acts in public for attention. If anything, that provokes more homophobia. It's fine that you're gay. I don't care. Also your gayness is obscene. Also the very existence of pride month provokes ~~my~~ some people's homophobia.
Sorry to hear about your mother. Take it easy, there's no rush to finish. I had a horrible time in first year (also had a 2-hour commute) and after that I never took 5 classes in a single term again. A couple terms I actually only took 3 classes. It took me 5 years (plus taking classes in 3 summers) to graduate, no big deal. There were several terms where I was able to get all my classes on MWF so I only had to make the trip to campus 3x per week. It was awesome. If you want to get into CS, pick a few classes per term this year that you feel you can do well in. Try to make yourself a reasonable schedule. Get rest during the week, work hard, ace them, and boost your average. Yes, even if that means doing just 3 classes in each term. Your long term future - getting into the major you want - is worth more than the extra ~year.
I've always seen them at $9 for 2.
&gt; Monthly passes going up like $3? $2 actually
Ah yes you're correct
Where do you work?
Ok, if they have evidence that he stole 50 bikes they can multiply his sentence x50. If not, they've got him on 1.
They definitely matter if you want to do more school after undergrad (med school, grad school - or even if you just want to get into honours programs or different specialties in your undergrad). They matter less for getting a non-academic job, although you never know what big company might ask for your transcript during the hiring process.
&gt;The food court was not pleased. I don't have a strong opinion on this issue but I don't think the intention of protests is to be "pleasing."
The thing with the "crazy" Blues story is that everyone thought they were a good team. I had them picked to win the West before the season. The only "crazy" thing is how shit they played before January. Now they're just playing like the team we thought they were. It'd be a lot more interesting if an actual shit team, like Vancouver or Arizona, went on this run. And there's nothing at all interesting about the Bruins being in the finals again. (Being a Vancouver fan, I'm ESPECIALLY uninterested). This is the first year in my life that I've cared about the NBA finals more than the NHL... and it's not even close. I might check the score later tonight to see if the Blues won the Cup... if I remember.
It's almost entirely because the Raptors are a Canadian team, everyone here is excited about it, and I'm caught up in it too. Most people in Vancouver if they follow basketball at all are Raptors fans. If it was GSW vs Milwaukee you're right that I wouldn't care. Half the fun of sports is getting sucked up into the excitement of an entire city. Right now the NBA offers that and the NHL doesn't, at least where I am.
But the point of banning them is to get you to remember your own bag more than 9 out of 10 times. How often do you forget your wallet at home when you go to the store? Eventually it'll be the same for reusable bags. It's also going to help with people taking a bag when they don't need one. I worked at a bookstore during university, I'd say at least 80% of customers would ask for a bag for a single paperback book. They're not going to pay $3 for one though. A reusable bag also holds a lot more weight than a plastic one too. Filling one up probably saves 2 or 3 plastic bags, not 1, so you could fix your math there too.
Umm if you're old you probably don't know it. I'm 100% sure my parents have never heard of it.
OP makes some good points but his overall thesis doesn't make sense. &gt;I'm a firm believer in forgiveness and giving people second chances but if Kyle Lowry and NBA fans think Mark Stevens should be banned for life then Kyle Lowry should've never become a Raptor, Jason Kidd should not be the league's highest paid assistant coach and Lance Stephenson should've never played a minute in the NBA. But banning Stevens for life from NBA games is nowhere near banning NBA players from playing in the NBA. If Lowry sucker punched some guy in a bar, it would make sense for him to be banned from that bar. If for some reason he had investments in that bar, he might be asked to sell them. His punishment wouldn't extend beyond the business of that bar. That's a more suitable analogy. The NBA is how these guys make their livelihood. Banning Stevens from attending basketball games is nowhere near the punishment of banning NBA players from their careers. No one is asking Stevens to be ousted from his position as a venture capitalist or to give up any of his non-NBA assets or to forfeit his livelihood or anything of the sort. He's being asked to not visit the bar he punched a guy in, basically. It's a fine and fair punishment. Edit, thanks for the gold and silver! This got a lot of responses and I can't reply to them all. Just to clarify, I'm not saying NBA players should never be punished for their actions. If someone is convicted of pushing a pregnant woman down the stairs, never mind what the NBA should think, they should be behind bars. My only point is that the punishments OP is making aren't equivalent. Look at the other examples, throwing a basketball at a ref in a charity tournament, and taking recreational drugs. OP is suggesting those players shouldn't be in the league. OK, what would happen to Stevens if he threw a basketball at a ref or smoked a joint? Would his livelihood be stripped from him? No way. Lowry should not be invited back to the charity tournament, and the guys who smoked joints should... actually I think literally nothing should happen to them. Remember that the "harsh" overreaction that OP is complaining about means literally nothing to Stevens, except some "boo hoo" moments. His fine is less than pocket change to him. OK, you can't watch games courtside. Watch them at home. Most fans can't afford a ticket to a GSW game in their life (ironically, because ownership priced them out). And he might have to sell his stake in the team. Boo hoo, he's going to make a MASSIVE profit and invest that money elsewhere. But yeah, that's the same as telling a guy who smoked pot that they can't do the thing their entire life has been built towards anymore.
*people on alt-right boards on 4chan decide to pretend the OK symbol is a white supremacist meme* "LOL people are going to be so triggered by our edgy joke!" *alt-right cesspools all over the internet start using the symbol incessantly* "LOL just baiting those SJWs!" *known white supremacists start using the symbol all over social media* "LOL we're all so edgy!" *white supremacist writes a white supremacist manifesto and slaughters 50 people then flashes the sign in court* "LOL OMG why are you all so TRIGGERED by this innocent symbol. It's just a prank bro!" . edit, I just want to clarify that I don't the kid in this photo is trying to make a white supremacist sign. I think context is important and he's seems like a young goofy kid. But to say that the symbol can NEVER have malicious intent is ridiculous. Again, context.
ENVR 200. A really good down-to-earth intro to environmental science. No exam, and you get 3 awesome field trips around Vancouver to observe things like water and waste management.
Maybe if his coach didn't keep insisting he was close instead of just being like "No, KD is still dealing with a major injury and is nowhere near returning."
A few small assignments, a presentation, and you have to write a final research paper. Pretty easy stuff, because the subject matter was so interesting.
You really think other fanbases would behave differently in the exact same circumstances? So it's one of two options: either every shitty person in the world for some reason congregated under a unique set of circumstances and became basketball fans... Or this is a normal human reaction because we're collectively we're kind of shitty. What seems more plausible?
You have to admit that the situation surrounding KD was pretty unique. I don't think the fans react this way if it's Curry going down.
Go Warriors, the team who essentially bullied KD into coming back when he wasn't ready and creating the circumstances for this potentially career altering injury? Raptors fans cheering was classless but they didn't injure the guy. The Warriors mismanaged this situation through and through.
I had the same, in reverse, and it was for a small class with about 20 people in Buchanan D.
Most places at UBC consider a work week to be 37.5 hours, not 40. Half an hour per day is considered unpaid break. It's actually pretty normal. Do the math again with this in mind. If it's still not minimum wage, then you have a valid complaint. http://www.hr.ubc.ca/administrators/managing-staff/hours-of-work/
You think he's out there tonight if the Warriors are up 3-1 instead of down 3-1?
What no. I'm saying they rushed him back because they were on the brink, not because he was ready. He wasn't ready, it's clear from the way he got hurt. Someone fucked up big time, maybe the doctors for clearing him, maybe the coach for putting him in, maybe the GM who runs the organization. Do you think GSW bears no responsibility for what happened? Do you think the Raptors fans booed his achilles tendon to pieces?
Once you tell the public it's "up to the player" like it or not you're putting massive pressure on that player to stay out there as much as he can. How would it look if the game is close and KD is sitting on the bench for long stretches in the 2nd half because he doesn't feel quite right. Total bullshit by Kerr.
Last week they weren't down 1-3
&gt; First, most achilles injuries happen on “nothing plays” when guys are starting move forward and plant their foot. That's exactly my point - his achilles was basically ready to snap, it took almost nothing for the injury to happen (unless you think it's a one in a million fluke and totally unrelated to his existing injury). So that leaves 2 options: 1) They knew his achilles was vulnerable, and rushed him back anyway. 2) They are grossly incompetent and didn't know his achilles was vulnerable.
Maybe that's partly because kids are told by society that they need to fit a certain mold and it's confusing because they don't feel like the way they "think" they should feel.
I'm not letting them ruin it. Surprise surprise, in a country of 37 million people we have a lot of morons. Hey, I'm from Vancouver, I haven't forgotten 2011. A certain percent of the human population are morons, no matter where you are, no matter how special you think your story is. And the rest of us are at best non-morons who still do stupid things every now and then. As long as we recognize it and denounce it, it doesn't need to ruin your individual experience.
&gt; The argument of 'well other people did it too' is childish. Maybe, but it also just speaks to human nature. A shitty part of human nature, but it is what it is. We used to cheer gladiators in Rome. What's stupid is that people expected better out of Toronto, as if Toronto is something special. What's equally stupid is fans of other team that think their fans would have reacted differently given the exact same context, as if (again) Toronto is something special.
So on the one hand, it's fine that women earn less because you have a rational explanation for it. But on the other hand you seem pretty angry about the 8 different ways you list that men are "worse off." Congratulations, you sound like a budding mens rights social justice warrior.
Haha no one actually thinks that. But someone somewhere dropped the ball. He's icing his ankle after a light practice and no one thinks maybe just maybe his achilles isn't 100%? I'm sure he was cleared but it's obvious his body wasn't ready and I'm not saying it was malicious but some doctor clearly fucked up.
It's very possible that the two injuries are unconnected and it's a total fluke. But the achilles was being talked about by EVERYONE before the game. He had ice on his ankle the day prior. You can say they're just talking heads, they didn't have access to his charts - all true - but then you saw what happened in game 5. So it's one of two possibilities - a) the doctors were correct and he was 100% ready to play big minutes and the achillies was a one in a million unrelated fluke. Or b) the doctors missed something that everyone else was screaming about and sure enough everyone's worst fear came true. Neither of us has seen his charts or his test results but all I know is that based on the limited information we did have people thought his achillies was in a really bad place and sure enough after 12 minutes of hard play his achillies ruptured.
&gt; So what you're saying is that it was a negligible chance that he suffered a severe injury and the doctors actually did know what they were doing in clearing him? No, all we know is that they *thought* there was a negligible chance of severe injury. That doesn't mean they weren't wrong.
The entire context of the situation was completely different.
Yup. *"Kelly said that rather than arrest Ujiri on international television, the department decided to take the "high road" and file a misdemeanour complaint to local prosecutors."* Wow way to take the "high road" and show such amazing restraint to not arrest the Raptor's president on the court moments after their win. Mad fucking props. *"There is a credentialling policy that the NBA has in place. Everybody from the top executives all the way down ... know that you must wear credentials to get on the court."* Black man did not obey THE LAW. YOU MUST BOW DOWN TO **THE LAW**. Fucks sake. I didn't see them rushing on court to arrest Mark Stevens when he shoved Lowry. Wonder why...
No no no, didn't you hear the sergeant, they took the "high road" and we need to commend their restraint /s
The Cavs and Warriors in 4 straight finals before this year also contributes to this.
I'm sure there's a video of Masai shoving a cop, because if there wasn't at least that much they wouldn't be pursuing this. I don't care at all. We also have video of a Warrior's part owner shoving a defenseless Lowry on the court and I don't see the cops pursuing criminal charges. Guy's trying to get on the court after his team's historic win, with his credentials in hand. It's probably a "get outta my way" shove amidst all the mayhem on the floor. By all accounts the cop shoved back and from the video we do have, the cop is the one escalating and being restrained while Masai stands there calm and somewhat confused. Not knowing who Masai is and starting an altercation is embarrassing, but I could let it pass. The sergeant pursuing charges because a black man didn't grovel before the badge is disgusting.
I'm pretty new to following the NBA (from Vancouver, just jumped on the Raptor's bandwagon this season) but it seems like every big free agent discussion only involves the same 3 or 4 teams. "Is player X going to sign with the Lakers, Clippers, Knicks or Warriors?" Genuine question, is free agency always this boring unless you're one of those huge market teams, and also isn't there some sort of salary cap that prevents multiple MVPs all ending up on the same team?
You forgot a lane that's 80% empty but can't be used by anyone because there are 3 cars parked in it.
LOL what? Do you think election interference means Russian citizens were literally coming here and voting illegally because we didn't check their ID? Holy shit you're stupid.
Things Fall Apart by Chinua Achebe followed by Purple Hibiscus by Chimamanda Ngozi Adichie
How many people can use a lane devoted to parking in 30 minutes? Maybe 10 people? And that takes an entire lane away from all other commuters - cars, buses, bikers, you name it. Give me a bike lane over that any day.
Yeah, why do we even have laws, amirite? GOD this argument is the stupidest pro-gun argument ever and yet it comes up in every single gun thread on the internet.
&gt; Jokes on you, you punch someone in the back of the head hard enough and you'll kill em. Hahaha so you'd rather get punched than shot? Tough guy! &gt; The point is, you get rid of guns, and criminals will resort to more gruesome tactics. Oh so you're saying guns are the most gruesome tactic that criminals currently have? But you're pro-gun? &gt; Also my arm is a long fucking ways from my head, so great analogy buddy. LOL what?
Yeah, I'm not surprised.
Yes, the idea that we shouldn't have laws because "hurr durr criminals don't obey the law" is the stupidest argument I've ever heard. Do you understand how laws work, on a societal level?
Sounds pretty similar to owning a car and having a drivers license.
The Feds have put a lot of money into transit expansion in Vancouver at least. We've been begging for a Broadway subway for about 20 years (busiest bus route in all of Canada &amp; USA) and finally it looks like we're going to get it.
Hmm, it's almost like no *one* thing will save our planet... ah well I guess the solution is to do nothing.
The point you (and everyone else replying to me) is missing is that laws are much more than a deterrent. They create the societal framework in which we operate. What's easier for you to buy, a watch or a landmine? Gonna stick with the landmine example because guns are too emotionally charged and I just want to discuss the concept. Besides being a deterrent, laws serve to: * decrease access. There are infinitely more people who will sell you legal object than an illegal one * one step further, even for criminal sellers the access is decreased. It's hard to import an item into a country where it's illegal * therefore related to this, the cost will be also be much higher for a buyer * even the process of obtaining that item is challenging. Start asking around about where to buy a landmine and see how long it is before the police are knocking at your door. * most of us are law-abiding. Making something illegal means 99.9% of us will never own it, so there's less of that item around to be lost or stolen by criminals * then we get into possession laws. Even if you illegally obtain a landmine, you're going to be damn careful where you go with it, especially if you're already known to police. Are you going to drive around with it and risk having it found at a road block, and get sent to prison? Are you going to have it on your person in a high-crime area? Don't think so. The less you have it around, the less likely you are to snap and use it in a crime of passion There's a reason that virtually all mass murders in North America are committed with legal objects (legally purchased guns, or vehicles) and not landmines or military grade explosives or even illegal guns. Even the Boston bombers who used an explosive made it at home out of a pressure cooker. Legal stuff is just easier to source and to buy and to walk around with and to commit crime with. You might say that if you make item X illegal that criminals who want to use it will be so determined that they'll do it anyway. I argue that they'll switch to item Y instead. Now the debate is whether item Y is less destructive than item X. That's a whole different debate, and you can make good pro-gun points on this topic. But I'm not going to listen to the "criminals don't obey laws anyway" argument anymore. A law might not stop someone from attacking another person, but it's sure as hell going to place a ton of fundamental societal restrictions on how exactly they're able to do so.
Copying and pasting an answer I made to a similar reply. The point you (and everyone else replying to me) is missing is that laws are much more than a deterrent. They create the societal framework in which we operate. What's easier for you to buy, a watch or a landmine? Gonna stick with the landmine example because guns are too emotionally charged and I just want to discuss the concept. Besides being a deterrent, laws serve to: * decrease access. There are infinitely more people who will sell you legal object than an illegal one * one step further, even for criminal sellers the access is decreased. It's hard to import an item into a country where it's illegal * therefore related to this, the cost will be also be much higher for a buyer * even the process of obtaining that item is challenging. Start asking around about where to buy a landmine and see how long it is before the police are knocking at your door. * most of us are law-abiding. Making something illegal means 99.9% of us will never own it, so there's less of that item around to be lost or stolen by criminals * then we get into possession laws. Even if you illegally obtain a landmine, you're going to be damn careful where you go with it, especially if you're already known to police. Are you going to drive around with it and risk having it found at a road block, and get sent to prison? Are you going to have it on your person in a high-crime area? Don't think so. The less you have it around, the less likely you are to snap and use it in a crime of passion There's a reason that virtually all mass murders in North America are committed with legal objects (legally purchased guns, or vehicles) and not landmines or military grade explosives or even illegal guns. Even the Boston bombers who used an explosive made it at home out of a pressure cooker. Legal stuff is just easier to source and to buy and to walk around with and to commit crime with. You might say that if you make item X illegal that criminals who want to use it will be so determined that they'll do it anyway. I argue that they'll switch to item Y instead. Now the debate is whether item Y is less destructive than item X. That's a whole different debate, and you can make good pro-gun points on this topic. But I'm not going to listen to the "criminals don't obey laws anyway" argument anymore. A law might not stop someone from attacking another person, but it's sure as hell going to place a ton of fundamental societal restrictions on how exactly they're able to do so.
&gt; Did he hire someone smart to tell him to say that? Well I mean he's not a dictator so yeah he probably has people that advise him on policy.
I've been a diehard AD fan since it was originally on air. I was crushed when it was cancelled and so excited when it was revived. I actually loved Season 4, I think it was massively underrated and I'll defend it to this day. But Season 5.... wow. Every single good thing about that show died. It's almost a parody of itself, but parodies are usually funny. I just can't comprehend how it went so badly. I echo what you say - anyone who is a fan of early AD should not watch this season.
I don't get it, it's not like Alberta is extracting oil just to burn it out a chimney so that they can destroy the world. It's all of us using excess oil that's causing the problem. No one would be taking oil out of Alberta ground if there wasn't end-user demand for it.
And they almost never work out. Most of them the team is lucky if they're not already horrible contracts by year 3.
Believe it or not it got worse after you stopped. If you're feeling like some pain, just try S5E13 ("The Untethered Sole"). It was so bad I was genuinely left sad and confused as to how it went so wrong.
Yeah, the problems are completely different. Season 4 had logistical problems (couldn't get the whole cast together) and I think most people found it somewhat confusing and convoluted, and the payoffs were very hard earned - although that's actually what I loved about it. It also just felt "different" because of the mentioned logistical issues, so in that way it didn't meet fans' expectations. Season 5 feels more like 1-3, with the cast back together and shorter episodes. But it's just so painfully not funny. They somehow ruined every single character. What's impressive is that they ruined them all in unique ways. Some become ridiculous caricatures of their old self (GOB, Buster), some become simply insufferable (Michael, Tobias), Lindsay is behind a green screen then just disappears for the rest of the season, some it seems like the writers just gave up on (George Senior)... it's such a mess.
Re-use your agarose weigh boat you animal!
LOL no it's not. There's still a lot of good journalism in 2019 and no one considers Skip to be a journalist. Also, this is sports. It exists purely as a source of entertainment. None of this stuff really matters. People like Skip are part of that entertainment package. I think it's hilarious that he said man boobs on live TV. I AM ENTERTAINED.
Conversely, maybe we should reward people making longer trips by transit - they're having the biggest net impact (relative to if they drove instead). Or not necessarily reward, but not punish them with higher fares either. Maybe it should all just be the same zone. I do see problems with this too, mind you.
So why haven't the other 19 G20 countries banned it yet?
&gt; They are now saying that when Ujiri struck him, it turned off the camera. So I guess the camera's "on/off" button is somewhere on the officer's head because the hit also gave him a concussion.
Do you mean decrease it? Why expand it?
Although I dislike challenges in general, I like this change conceptually. The idea of challenges is to "always get the right call." Unless you lose a completely subjective goaltender interference challenge early on, then it doesn't matter if you get scored on offside later, too bad, "getting it right" be damned!
I agree. I'm already hesitant to celebrate goals scored off the rush in case they get challenged for offside. Now I'll be trying to remember if there was any chance someone hit it with a stick above their waist or if it went off someone's glove 30 seconds ago.
I prefer something like doubling the thickness of the blue lines. As long as your skate is still on the blue, you're still onside. It's currently 1 foot wide, make it 2. Now you can be 2 feet ahead of the play and you're still onside. No cherry picking, but way fewer BS offside by 1mm challenges. (Also fewer whistles stopping play for offsides in the first place).
I completely agree. Before the offside challenge, we had plays like Duchene scoring 3 feet offside about once a decade. Now instead we have controversies surrounding the offside challenge on a monthly if not weekly basis. Can't wait for the first time a goal is overturned because the puck sort of half bounced off the back of someone's glove in the corner and went to his teammate and 20 seconds later that team scored a goal.
Ok fine what if it's 30 seconds not 3 minutes? It's still terrible.
&gt; You get all the reviews or none of the reviews. Pick your poison. None of the reviews, 100%
&gt; The plants run almost for free once built, Nothing about mining and enriching uranium is free.
That's honestly not that much land, in a country the size of Canada. Also in an ideal world, solar power generation would be spread out, e.g. solar panels on people's roofs and so on.
&gt; vague concerns from the Chernobyl/Three Mile Island, and NIMBY. Don't forget about Fukushima, the 2nd biggest nuclear disaster in the world, which happened just this decade in an extremely modern developed country.
Why don't they just come with screen protectors? It's so stupid that you can buy a $1000 phone then you need to pay another $40 just so the glass screen doesn't shatter if you drop it 3 feet. Imagine if you bought a car and before you leave the dealership they're like "by the way you're gonna want this $100 windshield protector because the wrong sort of contact and that baby is shattering into your face. Also it's very difficult to put on and the slightest piece lint is gonna mess it up real good."
Did we not bite on Subban because of his salary or because Nashville wanted too much in return? I thought it was the latter.
At 6M he'd be making less than Marleau.
I'd argue that death in the wild is better than life in captivity.
&gt; I wouldn’t think that this needed to be clarified but I wasn’t really counting 56 points to be more than 50. Lol wut? I'm not the guy you replied to, but yeah it probably needs to be clarified that when you said something you meant the exact opposite.
I can invent all the new words I want but I can't just insert them into regular usage. I don't think academics can either. That's not really how language works.
The point you're missing is that I'm not Shakespeare.
Players need 3 years of pro experience (1 season = 10+ games in the NHL/AHL) to be eligible for an offer sheet. Boeser played only 9 games for the Canucks in 2016-17 and didn't play in the AHL, so he's actually not eligible.
Is Brannstrom completely over his injury?
I just wonder if he's been quiet in camp because he's only 80% ot something. He looked amazing the few games he played last year. Hoping he has a great season.
[There was also this](https://i.redd.it/zha07do0h1b01.png)
Yeah because he literally did nothing.
You're right, he really enjoys meeting with the Saudis too.
Still pretty telling that you picked Putin and Un as your initial examples. Good to see what foreign relations Trump supporters are most proud of. You just can't get enough of authoritarian dictators eh?
No, it only shows that Trump would rather meet with men who write him "love letters" and boost his ego and joke around with him about "the fake news media" than with allies who actually want to have adult discussions about foreign relations issues.
Won't work. Anything we can threaten them with, they can make a counter-threat that hurts us a thousand times more.
&gt; Mr. Trump expressed relief that Mr. Kim came. “If he didn’t show up, the press was going to make me look very bad,” he said. So you made us both look good, and I appreciate it.” Super weak. "Thank goodness this murderous dictator didn't stand me up."
For a cheap backup? Probably not too many. He's a veteran, he'll be good for Koskinen, and he can take on the starting role if Koskinen gets injured for a bit. It seems fine, as long as he comes super cheap.
Reimer is making 3.4M next year. Oilers need to go cheaper than that. If Smith signs for more than 2M I'll eat my words.
Counting is easy until you're trying to find Cumberland and Richmond
This is over 14 games played in December. I included his most common linemates as comparison, and also those same players' 5v5 stats with and without Draisaitl. Data comes from https://www.naturalstattrick.com/ which by the way is an amazing website!
I tried to provide some interesting numbers and elevate this past just "another post." His effect on his linemates is interesting.
I don't hate him. I pity him. He reminds me of my grandmother in the early days of her Alzheimer's. I recognize the same look in his eyes. I don't even like when people laugh at him, because they're laughing at mental illness.
Microbiologist here. The notion that you need to finish a course of antibiotics has actually come under a lot of scrutiny lately. There's actually no evidence that it reduces resistance, and in fact there's now real concern that staying on antibiotics longer than necessary might be leading to **increased** resistance. [There's a great 2017 review on it here, although only the first part is free.](https://www.bmj.com/content/358/bmj.j3418) One thing everyone agrees on is that we need to limit antibiotic use period. Only take them when necessary, and only take the ones that are necessary (the latter is up to how good the diagnosis is). But if you are on them... the growing scientific trend is that it might actually be a better idea to stop once you're feeling better.
It's coming from overuse everywhere. Yes animal agriculture is a huge factor (not just in developed nations; [they're used in enormous quantities in the States too](http://www.saveourantibiotics.org/media/1773/farm-antibiotic-use-in-the-united-states.pdf)). But there are many types of antibiotics, some of which are used for very specific human-only purposes, and resistance is developing against them as well. Edit, I misread/misued "developing" vs "developed." Didn't mean to insult the States. Maybe a Freudian slip!
I'll preface this by saying - like the article does - that our understanding is still incomplete and our change in perception is based on epidemiological associations, not hard experimental data. Everything you say makes sense, but just hasn't been supported by observational evidence. I think there are 2 things to consider: 1) as long as you're on antibiotics, you're applying selective pressure to bacteria; and 2) the duration of antibiotic dosing is actually pretty arbitrary. For #1, the dose of Abx itself will always be way higher than the MIC for any even somewhat susceptible bacteria (by dose I mean the amount per dosing, not the duration). So as long as you're taking them, you'll get the desired therapeutic outcome if such an outcome is possible. But meanwhile, like I said, you're applying continuous selective pressure which fosters resistance, not for only the bacteria you're medically targeting but for all bacteria with potential resistance mechanisms (e.g. in the gut microbiome). And you do have to stop taking the antibiotics at some point, which brings us to: ...#2, the duration of dosing is based on what you're trying to treat, but usually doesn't take into account things like the individual's immune system and metabolism, the infectious dose, and so many other factors. It's basically "disease X should get antibiotic Y for duration Z." And of course we always would rather extend the prescribed duration rather than have it be too short. So, what is a better duration? Seems like the best is just when you've reached the therapeutic outcome, i.e. the person feels better. Call it "personalized medicine." Get the effect you want, and then remove the selective pressure. I hope some big studies come out soon which help us actually understand this better! Good luck with med school :)
&gt; I think everyone would be relieved to hear it was a freak technical malfunction that somehow caused the pilot to lose control and crash violently. I don't know what's worse, the plane being shot down in a horrible but unique tragedy, or this being the 3rd major Boeing accident in 15 months.
Shooting down the plane was almost certainly an accident, one that is enormously damaging and embarrassing to Iran - I'm going to guess that the people directly responsible have already been dealt with by the Iranian regime. If you want to go up the ladder to find out who holds high-level responsibility, let's think about why the Iranians were worried about unexpected airplanes in their airspace.
I genuinely do hope they get Lafreniere. A generational talent from Quebec playing for Montreal just feels right. It's been a long time!
I genuinely think he's the best defenseman in the NHL today. Imagine if you're a team that desperately needs some help on D, is there anyone else in the league you'd rather have?
I read "Bertuzzi tips an amazing pass by Henrik" and got some weird nostalgia
He wasn't a real threat re: her losing the nomination, but he was a real threat in terms of irrevocably siphoning away progressive Democrat voters.
Don't forget that 176 innocent civilians died in a plane crash. If this was part of Trump's master plan then that blood is on his hands.
What accomplishment are we talking about here? Nothing has happened yet, you're gloating way too soon. "Even when the outcome is desirable" - what on earth? The only outcome so far has been a plane crash. You consider that desirable???
We're not. We're anti-war, and anti- having our innocent citizens killed in plane crashes.
Maybe if America, supposedly our ally, gave us some notice that they'd be setting the region on fire, our government could have warned our citizens to leave in time.
I'm very upset about Iran's action but they're not our ally. You expect more from your allies.
You are all three!
Yeah, it sort of comes with the $12M paycheque.
I was being sincere :)
They were contained regarding the extent to which they were a threat to the rest of the world. We had a nuclear deal that all our Western allies worked very had on together and signed on to, and Trump tore it up because "Obama." We champion human rights around the world but there are other means to do that - sanctions etc. China commits human rights abuses all the time, should we go assassinate one of their top cabinet ministers in a drone strike and start WWIII? Probably not, right? Besides, no one is even pretending this assassination was on human rights grounds. I think the tweets were spot on. The US is supposed to be our top ally, the least they could have done was notify us that they were going to do this so that our government could issue a warning to our citizens to return home.
&gt; That’s such fucking bullshit. Trump tore it up because the nuclear deal gave Iran a direct path to nuclear weapons, which they cannot have. So the rest of the world was wrong, and Trump, who doesn't know his ass from his elbow, is the only one who figured this out? Interesting theory.
If you're at a rowdy hockey game and I release a canister of tear gas in your row and in the mayhem you get punched in the face, the guy who punched you is a bad guy but I'm kind of an asshole too. Especially if I'm supposed to be your best friend.
Look at his username. He's a troll, possibly even a paid one.
It's not like all of Australia has burned. There is still PLENTY left to burn for many, many years to come. And not just in Australia, but across the world.
Burrows slays the dragon
And today is his 34th birthday too
I think it's part of the reason Translink sent this tweet. It helps if you can show your boss "see, even Translink said they probably can't get me to work."
Ok great, how are they going to kill them instead? At the end of the day, the way the industry works, you still need to kill half the chickens born.
0 points, on the ice for 2 goals against, benched in the 3rd
Gas is 2nd with 16%, hydro 5%, wind 2%, solar (rounded down) 0%
I dunno, maybe. I'm not sold on them. A lot of their best players are fairly old (Kessel 32, OEL 28, Goligoski 34, Hjalmarsson 32). Raanta is 30 and hasn't had a healthy season in his entire career. Hall is a UFA and very unlikely to re-sign. And they only have $1.5M in cap space projected for next year with a couple pending RFAs so it's not like they can add pieces.
Weird that this has so many upvotes. You realize there are already women's hockey leagues and they don't complain about not being paid the same as the NHL, right?
Yeah, and NHL players force a lockout once a decade because they want to be paid more. And I also don't think I'm paid enough at my job. This is normal. The person I quoted said they ask to be paid like men and to get multi-million dollar contracts. That's objectively not true.
What outrage though? Every top comment in the old thread about them getting not paid was "well actually this makes sense and women should be glad to just play for the exposure."
Twitter is always unbearable.
114 penalty minutes in the final 3 minutes and it was probably a fairly normal game
It depends... they either underachieved in the playoffs, or overachieved in the regular season. I guess OP is saying it's the latter.
Come to Canada!
I mean they were just chatting with Gretzky, they weren't paying attention to the game at all.
Pettersson tried it a minute later too.
I actually disagree. It's not like she's asking Kobe's wife or teammate of 10 years, and it's not like he didn't already know before the interview. This is the biggest and most heartbreaking story in the entire sports world, it's almost more disrespectful to ignore the elephant in the room. Brees got to talk about him a bit, share his respect and admiration, it was tasteful and I think appropriate.
&gt; It wasn't a bad pick at all. It was a trap, set by Trump last March. &gt; Trump knows about Bolton's business dealings. Here's another thing Trump knows which you may not: Bolton is the guy who leaked to the whistleblower. What he leaked was a description of the call to Ukraine as Trump DESCRIBED it to him (not based on the actual call). Bolton never directly overheard the call. This is how the trap was set. He was hired on as a suspected leaker. I've read some dumb things on that sub but this is low-key the stupidest thing I've ever seen. So 9 months ago, Trump set a trap... where he "hired [Bolton] as a suspected leaker" to leak a "description" of a call that wasn't the "actual" call... so that Trump could know that Bolton was indeed the leaker!! And hey so maybe it got him impeached in the process, but it was all worth proving that Bolton is the kind of guy who can't be trusted not to leak things if you hire him. What a fucking mastermind.
It's 2020. How much do you think wingers cost these days? 3.2 would have been a lot in 2010 but it's a fine deal today.
&gt; Virtue signaling progressives like AOC are the biggest NIMBYs around They are far from the "biggest" NIMBYs around. AOC has come out against some mega-projects like Amazon HQ but she - and almost all progressives I know - are massively in favor of public transit development, including (in fact especially) in their own back yard.
*shrug* most progressives I know are both pro-transit and pro-density.
I think they care
Thank you for sharing. Also... That is insanely good photo quality, I didn't know reddit uploads were so high res.
Congrats! I got into this for the first time last year too, the pickles are like nothing you can get in the supermarket... Reminds me of what my grandma used to make. And there's so much variety! You can pickle anything!! Have you seen those pickling lids with the one way gas valves? I picked up a few last year after one too many spoiled batches and they make the whole process zero maintenance and practically foolproof. I highly recommend trying it.
Let's gooooo!
Have you taken a look around lately?
Here's one I have going right now. I got them from a local store but I'm sure you can find them online too! https://imgur.com/a/vzAAl78 They're literally set it and forget it. So easy.
You can't give Trump credit for all the good (that he had mostly nothing to do with) but no blame for all the bad. Yes he didn't create all the current crisis, but in this time of crisis, you couldn't ask for a worse leader.
&gt; did build a wall The wall isn't built. &gt; did win a trade war with China He got China to make an empty promise to buy more American good which they immediately said they wouldn't be able to fulfill because of Covid. Meanwhile at great cost to the domestic manufacturing and farming industries, because all the tariffs he slapped on ended up hurting *their* bottom line &gt; did renegotiate NAFTA single-handedly The only thing he did single-handedly was rip up the old agreement. He was not involved in the negotiating the new agreement at all, and it's clear from interviews that he doesn't know a single fact about the new agreement. It's also not at all better for American workers, just for huge corporations. &gt; really positive impacts on the stock market and jobs Both grew at a slower rate than under Obama, and have absolutely tanked in recent months. I know that's not his fault, but no more than the continued growth from the Obama years &gt; reduced taxes on businesses Great my employer hasn't given me a raise, but I'm glad he gets to line his pockets with a few more billions &gt; increased the deficit ALOT You go on to blame Covid for this but he had increased it to record highs before Covid was even on the radar. Basically ensuring that the economy had no resilience and no wiggle room. No wonder the government has basically failed to help the middle class during this time, they didn't save up for a rainy day at all, in fact they broke the piggy bank to pay for those business tax cuts a long time ago and now the working American is screwed, as usual.
This is an extremely poorly executed false flag. But there are going to be a lot of good ones, even professional ones. Be observant and stay skeptical.
No one is "just finding out about this" it's the top story on reddit at least once a week ffs
I mean it sounds a little inflated? A really good dash cam is like $150. I know they're not the same thing. But why would a body cam be almost 20x more expensive?
If as a business you plan to pay people so little that they'd rather sit at home making a measly and temporary $2000/month maybe you have to reevaluate your compensation strategy.
The businesses complaining the most loudly about this probably ARE the Walmarts and Burger Kings of the world.
Even if it meant quitting your job and knowing that the 2000 is going to run out in a few months, at which point you'll be unemployed in a very challenging job market?
Unless the job also included some extra perks, like extended health insurance, you wouldn't. That's a problem with minimum wage, not CERB.
&gt; And here you are trying to shame me for not paying my staff enough. Oh come off it. No one willingly takes a 50% pay cut, especially in Vancouver where CERB can't even cover the basic costs of living, unless there's something else seriously wrong with the job. I see from your post history that you continuously and vehemently downplay the risks of COVID. If that attitude translates to real life maybe that's why your employees don't feel safe coming back to work.
&gt; At CERB levels, you are a global 1%er for income. I hardly see how that's relevant. The only thing that matters is the cost of living in Canada. Making $2000/month would also make you one of the richest people on the planet in medieval England but you don't live there either. &gt; and that you earned it through zero effort of your own Except literally paying the taxes that funds the program. Which by definition you have paid because you had to be previously employed to get CERB.
That's definitely *not* the argument that the mega-rich make for increasing their assets or wealth.
The idea is that transmission rates are low enough that we'll be able recognize a potential rise and adapt quickly.
Everyone's situation is different. Maybe someone has an older parent that they care for with significant commodities or immune issues. Maybe they have those issues themselves. Maybe they have relatives in LTC homes that they still want to visit. Heck even the 7.4% hospitalization rate for those over 65 is scary if you have a parent in that age group. Like I said, my assumption is that if someone has significant concerns, they're based in reality.
Next season is going to be delayed no matter what, because they don't want to start until fans can be in the seats. So we're left with two options: 1) No hockey at all for 9 or 10 months; or 2) Some exciting summer playoff hockey to conclude a season that was already almost finished. I'll take #2 any day!
I'm not an employer but I have a job and zero people have refused to come back to work, because our employer is great, our pay is good, and a lot of new precautions are being taken that make us feel safe.
&gt;To be fair “black lives matter” is a horrible name for the movement because the implication that other lives don’t That's not the implication at all. Why would anyone see it that way? That makes no sense to me, unless someone is chomping at the bit to play the victim.
Trudeau knows he can't say anything bad about Trump because he'll throw a tantrum and probably start a trade war or worse. The silence spoke volumes, as the person above you said.
Here's the thing, BC is doing great through this pandemic. Remarkably well really. So the parties in charge at all levels are increasingly seen in a positive light.
Lalaland was the most generic Hollywood self-masturbatory movie I've seen all decade.
And hurr durr don't give up on your acting dreams, even if all you are is a gorgeous woman who basically is playing herself.
#This is exactly the problem with Trump inserting himself into the debate. Whether HCQ works or not is an issue that scientists and medical professionals need to work out, not politicians, and especially not ones with zero medical expertise or intellectual curiosity. The conversation has been poisoned. Scientists are humans and humans are fallible. This story keeps repeating itself - the integrity of every HCQ study, whether it's pro-HCQ or anti-HCQ, is increasingly being questioned. Because Trump chose this hill to die on, people now have a personal and political bias to either prove or disprove that HCQ works. This is not to even mention the disproportionate amount of funding and resources being poured into HCQ trials, [of which there are literally hundreds going on across the world, most significantly flawed under-powered to start](https://www.bmj.com/content/369/bmj.m1847). People really want to find out if this drug works, for political as much as scientific reasons. Money and resources that should be going to other means are being wasted at this incredibly crucial time. And collective our confidence in the scientific process itself is slowly being eroded.
WTF. Ok, I'm going to give him the benefit of the doubt because maybe he had a family emergency or something. But couldn't they at least have delayed the vote?
&gt; Prior immunity &gt; Harvesting effect I think these are the two biggest ones. The people at most risk of a) being infected with the virus, and b) ending up in hospital with the virus (and there's very high overlap between the two) mostly got it early. It's harder and harder for the virus to "find" susceptible hosts where it can multiply out of control and keep spreading. This is also probably driving evolutionary changes in the virus, perhaps making it less deadly with the trade-off of being more infectious (an asymptomatic person can spread it way more than someone who gets it and is in the ICU 2 days later). That, combined with broader testing, probably explains why total case #s are still increasing (or plateauing) while hospitalizations and deaths continue to fall.
Yeah, Canucks fan here so I have special reason to hate the Bruins and Blackhawks, but it's impossible to hate Bergeron and Toews.
&gt; Those replies pissed me off. Welcome to the internet. As a rule, just abstain from reading any comments on twitter, youtube, facebook, or news articles. They are cancer. It's also impossible to tell the difference between a well-meaning human, a bot, and a troll.
Yeah, the difference between 8 new cases and 22 new cases could easily be 1 or 2 minor workplace-related outbreaks. Also important to note that only 1 of the new cases was in the Vancouver Coastal Health region, which encompasses (obviously) Vancouver, where all the major rallies were.
Hmm interesting, even so you'd think she would still base each individual vote around the context of how it affects her single-issue. Like who is more likely to want to enjoy a drink on the beach, a renter, or a home-owner who has their own back yard? And buying a 6-pack to share with friends on the beach is cheaper than going to a bar. Maybe it's all kind of tangential... but as a cash-strapped renter, supposedly one of the people she's looking out for, I'm disappointed in her vote.
Why does Stockwell Day have (((3 round brackets))) around his twitter username?
Sometimes it's just about discovery. I might be interested in checking some of these out. Whether or not I go back a second time will be based on their merit.
Yes I've heard of this but why is Day doing it to his own name?
Not "this month", not "since April X"... all time. If you want to see what a second wave looks like, check out the daily cases graph. Anyone from the area have any insight into what's been going on over the past couple months?
Very weird coming from him, I'm surprised he's even aware of the reference, never mind actively taking part in a satirical counter-response.
&gt; This whole thing is a hoax. Him being 'forced' out is a con to make it seem like he's being booted for left wing 'cancel' censorship. A hoax by whom? Telus? Day himself? I'm only becoming more confused by all this! I did a deeper dive into his Twitter and I agree you're right, he is baiting people. He's really starting to go off the deep end. Thank goodness we didn't end up with him as PM.
No, it's still 4 rounds of best-of-7 once you get to the top 16.
&gt; And reseeding is more fair for the better teams. Agreed! I wonder exactly how the seeding will work though. For the play-in teams, I assume their seed = their regular season position (by point percentage?) But for the round-robin teams, will it be purely based on the round-robin games? And will that extend beyond round 1? Like say if Boston goes 0-3 in the round robin and finishes as the "4th" seed, meaning they'd play the top team coming out of the play-in. Would they still be the 4-seed in round 2 as well? Or do they go back to being the 1 seed? It would be a little weird if the 5-8 seeds were determined by the 70-game regular season, but the 1-4 seeds were permanently determined by a measly 3 games.
Yeah, this jobs report is fantastic, but it's only 10% of the jobs lost last month. Trump is basically flying the "Mission Accomplished" sign when the job is barely begun. The stimulus money worked, which is evidence that we need MORE not less. And smarter action, because 10% jobs recovery is still pretty inefficient bang for our buck. Still this is great news for the millions back to work no matter how you slice it.
And we're lucky to live in a province where people, by and large, trust and listen to the professionals. Good leadership matters!
Hot take: players with darker skin tone often have a reputation for "off-ice issues" and it's basically just (probably subconscious) racism. I think most people can admit that whenever they hear Josh Ho-Sang, the first thing they think about is that time he overslept and was late for training camp. People still make jokes about it in every JHS thread like it happened last year or something. It was in **2015**. He was 19 years old. Lots of players have missed practice for sleeping in. Ovechkin, Seguin (multiple times), Kapanen, just off the top of my head. Probably tons of AHL/minor league players where we never even hear about it. They might get scratched for 1 game. It's not a legacy that follows them forever. JHS has this reputation for being "lazy" when he's simply not. This article does a great job of backing it up with numbers. Imagine having this reputation following you around, always being the last person to be called up to the NHL, always being on the shortest leash of anyone. One bad game gets him sent down whereas the Islanders keep absolute pylons in the line-up because of "intangibles" and "character." And then when he expresses a tiny bit of understandable frustration, he gets the new reputation of being difficult to coach. I admit I don't know him personally and I don't know what he's like off the ice. But all the reasons NYI coaches and management have used for keeping him down don't match what I see when he's on the ice.
Was there, 99+% of people had masks. And although obviously everyone wasn't 2m apart, people were quite stationary. Very good idea to hold a rally instead of a march. I'm pretty sure I came in more contact with people last time I was at the grocery store, and none of those had masks on.
&gt; I’m prepared for the downvotes Really because you are clearly just re-stating the concensus opinion that about 20 others in this thread have stated.
Maybe he was being called racist because he was hijacking a BLM rally for his own stupid cause. Anyway based on your question, I decided to scroll through his Twitter to pre-covid times to see what "conspiracies" he was passionate about back then. Mostly anti-trans, anti-feminist, and anti-climate change. Didn't find anything overtly racist (I looked over about 2 months of tweets) but he certainly aligns himself with a lot of alt-right causes. Lots of tweets like this: https://twitter.com/DanDicksPFT/status/1158207514338422786?s=20 He might not be a racist piece of shit. But he's definitely a piece of shit.
Oh are we still using SJW as a derogatory term? Well IMO that's stupid as fuck. This was literally a rally for social justice, so go ahead and call them that. One group of people was there expressing the genuine pain they feel and solidarity with others who feel it. Another guy was there hijacking the moment for insane self-promotional bullshit. But *hurr durr both sides are the same, I'm so enlightened*.
10,000 people at a rally, all with their own unique perspectives, emotions, and issues. One police incident, and it involves the guy deliberately there to stir shit up. You might disagree with their tactics or name calling but it seems like they got it right. If you were correct, with 10,000 people there these sorts of skirmishes would have popped up all over the place because of misdirected anger. The facts don't bear this out.
P.S. I see your posts have some downvotes, just so you know that's not me. I do appreciate the discussion.
BC resident here - no thanks.
Ok, reading your longer reply I actually agree with you almost entirely. I hate the term "SJW" because it makes a charicature of the left and I strongly believe that the type of person you would call an SJW is a vanishingly small (albeit loud) minority especially in Vancouver. Perhaps this point is our only real item of disagreement. Dicks went out looking for that exact reaction and he had to walk around for 3 hours before he found it. Even then, there may have been a dozen people calling him a racist (maybe misinformed, I don't really know), and a hundred more jeering because he's a narcissistic, antagonistic, disruptive asshole. If I was there, I might have been one of those people telling him to fuck off. Sometimes it's pretty easy to recognize someone's intent and his was obvious. Calling him out for his bullshit isn't SJW mentality (again, perhaps a very small minority excluded). It's just saying, hey asshole, we see you.
Not surprising since everything else I see from him aligns with alt-right views. Also, I watched about the first 2 minutes of his Vancouver stream, and just in that, he first got the slogan "black lives matter" wrong, and then speculated on how he might make a video about how George Floyd was a criminal. He sounded like a guy who will probably be careful not to say anything overtly racist live, but understands dog whistles perfectly well.
I started at this for a long time and was really confused by the Flyers acquiring Dan Hamhuis. Haha, I should have just read your description first. I think what would be really cool on this graph (but maybe too much work) is putting the stats that each player got with Philly, like you have for Forsberg. A lot of the players I've never heard of, so I don't know if they just never cracked the lineup or what. It would make it way easier to very quickly assess the value of the trade. And then it would also clear up things like Hamhuis, who would have 0 GP.
Give the Norris to Josi already
Parliament has done a lot during these times, even without being physically reconvened. And making decisions for yourself is different from making decisions for hundreds of people.
Yeah except the concensus is that the race is between Josi and Carlson so that's a moot point. I don't even see Carlson on this list. Also the guy at #1 is Josi's partner which is pretty impressive too.
Good players make their teammates better. Anyway like I said the point is moot. If Ellis was one of the Norris frontrunners we could have a debate about it, but that's not the case.
No, good players can elevate their teammates synergistically. Josi and Ellis both make the other player better. Did Henrik Sedin elevate Daniel, or did Daniel elevate Henrik? Dumb framing. They clearly made each other better. Anyway, for the 3rd time, it's irrelevant. The only comparison worth making at this point is among the frontrunners. The Norris is obviously heavily weighted towards offense, which is dumb IMO but that's that. Josi has 65 points and Ellis has 38 so too bad for Ellis. This offense weighting makes Calrson and Josi the frontrunners. If we take this additional stat of GAR, Josi is 5th in the league and Carlson isn't even in the top 20. It should tip the scales in Josi's favour. And if you think I have some weird pro-Josi bias, I'll also add that after seeing this chart (and check my Canucks flair), I have to admit that Makar should get the Calder ahead of Hughes.
I have a sort of related question. Why does street parking exist on 99% of streets, but half the city loses its mind if a single lane is converted into a protected bike lane?
Ok, to be technically accurate, they don't strictly use GP because it's normalized to TOI, and GP is fairly redundant with TOI (but TOI is better in every way). For example: &gt; To adjust our baseline from average to replacement level, we multiply a given players’ TOI by the per minute replacement level (-0.3866 / 60), and add that to their total PPO goals above average keeping with the above example. To demonstrate this, in ’17-18 Taylor Hall played 220.2 minutes on the powerplay and produced 6.4 goals above average. To adjust his PPO GAA to PPO GAR, the following calculation is performed. This method is used for all of the components in the model: Where it gets complicated is you can't assume that if you took Hall out of the lineup, that his replacement would play the exact same minutes. So they adjust for that in a roundabout way. But anyway, the point is the model is definitely adjusted for how much a player played in a season. Edit, the math that goes into the modelling itself is discussed in "part 2" of that article series. It's complex but here's the relevant part: &gt; Each of these components is then separated out by position for skaters. [...] **All metrics are rate versions (per 60)** https://hockey-graphs.com/2019/01/17/wins-above-replacement-the-process-part-2/
I wonder where the top guys are quarantining and which of them are in cities with ice available
Wouldn't the cops *also* have to be ANTIFA in this scenario? Because otherwise how would they have known to shove him? They're all in on it!
Let's get rid of that and replace it with an all-mobility-access shuttle.
I don't really care about this. I think the whole concept of influencers is ridiculous, but it's real, so that's that. If this woman has people who follow her and are "influenced" by her, I'm glad this is a message she's spreading, even if the way she does so is as vapid as the concept itself.
Ugh where to start. I love our team but please take any of Eriksson, Sutter, Beagle, Roussell, Ferland, even Meyers.
I think it has a lot to do with history and physical geography. Most African Americans first came to North America either from Europe or Africa (closer to the east coast) or, unfortunately, through slavery (also mostly an east coast thing). Free slaves tended to settle in the north east of America or eastern Canada. It's the same reason you see way more people of Asian descent in Vancouver than out east. It's closer, it was easier to get here, that's where the communities established and continue to grow.
Uh no Luongo couldn't have won the Conn Smythe. He let in 17 goals in the 3 away games in the finals, and also literally got replaced as the starter in round 1. He wasn't the reason we came up short, but he was no Conn Smythe winner. If, however, the Canucks won a low scoring game 7, you could argue that Thomas should still win it.
If there are no new outbreaks, no new cases in existing LTC outbreaks, and no new community cases, where did the 10 new cases come from?
Ah I misread OP's post, it indeed said no new community OUTBREAKS not cases. So yeah probably linked to existing outbreaks.
&gt; As a left-wing voter, I can easily jump between the Liberals, NPD, or Green from campaign to campaign. Right-wing voters have fewer options unfortunately. Which makes it crazy that the CPC couldn't win the last election, especially with a resurgent Bloc.
Bigger than Kawhi's shot. Edit, added 2 more reasons, thanks u/ItsLeviosaaaa * First buzzer beater to ever win a championship * Raps were down 1 (not tied) so it's really a win-or-lose shot * It would have been the culmination of an absolute tear the Raps went on in the 4th. When Kawhi scored 10 straight points in 2 minutes I thought the roof was going to blow off. * In front of the home crowd (yes, Kawhi's was too) * Made by the player that's the heart and soul of the team
Chi squared test (Fisher's exact, two-tailed), p = 0.0656. Result: not significant.
For the oldest 15, I'm curious how many more years each one is signed for.
[It's interesting that Draisaitl 5v5 was better WITHOUT McDavid than with him.](https://www.naturalstattrick.com/linestats.php?fromseason=20192020&amp;thruseason=20192020&amp;stype=2&amp;sit=5v5&amp;score=all&amp;rate=n&amp;team=EDM&amp;vteam=ALL&amp;view=wowy&amp;loc=B&amp;gpfilt=none&amp;fd=2019-10-02&amp;td=2020-04-04&amp;tgp=2000&amp;strict=incl&amp;p1=8477934&amp;p2=8478402&amp;p3=0&amp;p4=0&amp;p5=0) 34 GF / 36 GA (-2) with Mcdavid; 35 GF / 26 GA (+9) without him. [Draisaitl with Yamamoto was nuts.](https://www.naturalstattrick.com/linestats.php?fromseason=20192020&amp;thruseason=20192020&amp;stype=2&amp;sit=5v5&amp;score=all&amp;rate=n&amp;team=EDM&amp;vteam=ALL&amp;view=wowy&amp;loc=B&amp;gpfilt=none&amp;fd=2019-10-02&amp;td=2020-04-04&amp;tgp=2000&amp;strict=incl&amp;p1=8479977&amp;p2=8477934&amp;p3=0&amp;p4=0&amp;p5=0) Draisaitl had a 44% 5v5 GF share (GF/(GF+GA)) without Yams, and 71% with him. Basically my point is just give Yamamoto the Hart already.
I have a hope, maybe it's just a wild fantasy, that every time Trump tweets something especially insane (e.g. Buffalo protester was a plant) he loses a tiiiny amount of supporters. It's important for us to all know what's on his mind, even just as a way to monitor his deteriorating mental health.
OK, is Canada boycotting going to change that?
&gt; if the NHL's priorities are available ice and containment of the virus. But who knows if that's the priority... Containment of the virus should be BY FAR their #1 priority. At this point the biggest threat to finishing the season is an outbreak among players/teams.
&gt; Not hard to imagine a bunch of young bored hockey players breaking this rule. They'll basically be in full-scale training camp once they get to the hub city, won't be much time for boredom.
&gt; You have to remember the NHL at the end of the day is a business and couldn't care any less about safety of the public Agreed, and what's the worst thing that could happen to them from a business point of view? An outbreak on a team forcing the permanent cancellation of the season. Picking a city like Vancouver should be a no-brainer.
12 teams x 40 players/personnel per team = 480 people needing hotel rooms and meals 3x a day; most of them millionaires. Plus all the staff required for NHL games to happen (refs, ice makers, media). Revenue for all our ice rinks. Corporate sponsors buying ad space on the Rogers Arena / Pac Col / etc. boards. Constant free advertising for the city on TV (Vancouver is STUNNING in the summer and they always show pans of the city going to commercial).
&gt; Would they be playing at multiple rinks to wrap the playoffs up sooner? Yes. To the rest of your post, I never meant to suggest that the city itself would be seeing the majority of the revenue. Pumping money into private-owned hotels, restaurants, and arenas is great for the economy too. All these places employ Vancouverites and all of them pay taxes.
This stat is always a little silly, because he got 110 points in 71 games. The Oilers barely even had a chance to win without him getting a point, because there were so few games where he didn't get one! And think about how points are distributed. You tend to get more goals in games you win. So more points to go around in those games, and obviously your top point-getter is going to get his share. I'd bet the 80s Oilers had entire seasons where they didn't win a single game when Gretzky didn't have a point. But that's because he'd get points in like 77/80 games.
It doesn't even need to trickle down to be helpful; having the NHL in town would mean immediate employment for hundreds of Vancouverites.
I swear I thought he played in the early 2000s and retired at least 5 years ago.
Hey he could still get it this year
It seems heavily weighted based on playoff experience / recent success, which is why Binnington and Holtby are so high.
Errr I don't want to burst your bubble but there was also one death today... :(
I'm always a little confused, this article says 45 cases connected to the market but worldometer has +11
Yeah, because meat is so cheap because our farming practices are so disgusting. The whole system is badly broken.
I think they expect it to work like Michael Scott declaring bankruptcy in The Office. #"I END SYSTEMIC RACISM!" *Why didn't he just do it?*
And so? Russia can annex huge swaths of another nation and the States doesn't even bat an eye. Money well spent eh. I'd rather cut the budget in half and work on strengthening NATO instead.
Fair enough... Can you at least add a 2-3 second pause at the end? I kept trying to stop it right when the last state was filled in, so I could see the whole map, but it was annoyingly hard to catch the right moment.
My only minor suggestion is it was a little hard to distinguish between triangle vs circle and I kept having to check the legend to see which one meant "winner." Something a little more flashy for the winner, like a star, might have helped. Maybe a solid star for the winner and a unfilled circle for the loser to really tell them apart at an instant.
When I was learning about sound control equipment, I thought the terms "master" and "slave" were super weird. Yeah I'm used to it now but it was still a bit jarring at first. There's nothing wrong with changing them for the next generation of learners, in fact I really welcome it.
The league used to re-seed for a long time.
We don't necessarily need to, no, but when a company or group like github decides to make a change like this, we should respond with "hey OK, cool" instead of getting up in arms about it.
If people are going to struggle with programming because they replace the word "master" with (for example) "primary," they're gonna have a WHOOOOOLE lot of problems. Show someone with no programming experience a chunk of code and they're not going to understand the first thing about it. Immediate comprehension for the uninitiated has never been a feature of programming.
&gt; ideas that are nonsensical or stupid But that's subjective. For a lot of people it's not stupid. So why not just get on board. Why does it bother people so much?
Ironically I bet there's a surprising amount of overlap between the "ALL LIVES MATTER" crowd and the "I refuse to wear a mask to save lives" crowd.
There are lots of colour blind palettes available online, here's one for R for example (if you're just making this in Paint or something, you can use the same colours) http://www.cookbook-r.com/Graphs/Colors_(ggplot2)/#a-colorblind-friendly-palette
You're outlining a slippery slope that I don't think actually exists. People can make up their own minds as they see fit. For example, here Github has decided to switch over terminology for one word, based on their own users' judgement and criteria. Getting "counter-triggered" by this is really stupid.
&gt; This is like banning knives because they can be used to do harm. No it's not. This is such a stupid analogy. No one is banning github or banning any functions in github. A better analogy would be something like if knives were called "oriental slicers" and someone said "hey why don't we call them knives instead." &gt; I think the Bible is really racist. I think it would only be fair to change the Bible. Sounds good to me
Umm what specific examples are you thinking of?
What's this in reference to?
&gt; 135 Bud Light &gt; 2 Coors Light Who on earth is too snobby for a Bud Light but is ok with a Coors Light?
Excuse me this is a thread about the post-2011 Cup win celebration, I think I'm allowed to be a little salty :P
No. I hope the 2011 Bruins players are reading this right now and feeling REALLY BAD about their choices.
&gt; the strangeness of reseeding and no brackets You mean the way that the NHL operated for decades before 2014?
&gt; However, during a 2018 interview, Trump said he would be willing to intervene in Meng’s case if it would help the U.S. secure a trade deal with China or serve other American national security interests — comments her defense team plans to seize on to prevent her extradition before a court in Vancouver on Monday, according to a source with close knowledge of the plans. &gt; “The politicization [focus], primarily, is about this not being a criminal case, but rather a political case,” said the source Hey what do you know Trump put his foot in his mouth again.
&gt; I don’t think he made the comment about Meng and the trade deal by accident or carelessly. Every comment he makes is thoughtless and careless. I can't find the exact context of what he said in this case, but I bet it was something like: a reporter asked him "Would the States consider intervening in the extradition process of Huawei executive Meng Wanzhou?" and he answered along the lines of "We might, we might not. We'll be looking it very closely and very strongly. We have trade negotiations with China, you know, big trade problems, so we'll be looking at it very closely. And no president has been tougher on China than I have, believe me."
Like I said, there's this hyperbolic fear of change. Yes society is changing. So what? &gt; If I'm making a big deal over nothing, then by the same token changing it is making a big deal over nothing No, it's not a big deal TO YOU. It's a big deal to some people, so why not let them have it. It doesn't affect you at all. &gt; "This isn't the hill to die on." "That isn't the hill to die on." "This third hill isn't the hill to die on." Why not die on a hill that actually matters? Like if someone was calling for Github to be SHUT DOWN because they use the wrong words, that's ridiculous and we can go die on that hill together. People who are afraid of change always fall back on "slippery slope" arguments; the "where do you draw the line" question. Well guess what, there is a line. This isn't it. Why even use a war analogy if you're not afraid of change? Who is the enemy here?
I think just 1 death over the past 10 days now.
In 07 they had Timonen, Zidlicky, Weber, Suter, and Hamhuis. I think that's even better.
&gt; Sure you can do that, it’s rather hard to live off 30k a year lol rather boring life in the middle of nowhere if you ask me. *24k. And yeah it's nearly impossible. I don't think many people would do this by choice full time. If they do, they're probably already in need of societal support.
*Its This article has no legitimate sources or validity
I don't think it's a massive advantage. Home teams have a 55% win percentage over the last 10 years. A lot of that is probably attributable to actual home-team rules (last change after a whistle, 2nd in on the faceoff, first choice in the shootout). That will be unaffected - there will still be an official "home" team every game based on standings. A bit of the advantage probably comes from fan energy - also irrelevant. A bit comes from not having to travel - again, irrelevant as they'll all be living in hotels in the hub city. Strip all that away and I bet it hardly matters.
&gt; The MGM Grand alone is 5000 rooms Geez, OK I'm starting to understand why Vegas is the frontrunner.
&gt; I dont have a source sorry But do you have a sorcery?
&gt; “They’ve come up with the AIDS vaccine,” Trump said during a press conference on police reform, referring to scientists.
I am in the opposite boat. I have so much confidence in her leadership, that if she says it's OK for restaurants to be open, then I'm comfortable going. Had ramen at Jinya on the weekend and a beer at Local the week before! If I lived in say Arizona, where restaurants are open but the leadership is clearly a clusterfuck, I'd be staying far away.
&gt; Every Environmental problem that has existed in the last 200 years is directly attributed to overpopulation No it's not. It's attributable to overconsumption and waste. The only thing that holds us back from consuming and wasting more is personal financial limitation. If there were fewer of us (and thereby more resources per capita) we'd just all consume more.
657 positive out of 983 tested at this particular plant. Also: &gt; There have been several outbreaks at German slaughterhouses in recent weeks, prompting the government to impose stricter safety rules for the industry and ban the practice of using sub-contractors. Time and time again we're seeing how slaughterhouses create the perfect conditions for the virus to spread.
I don't see them starting in October anyway, no matter what. They don't want to play next season without fans and October feels waaay too soon for regulations to ease across all the provinces and states that have teams. I think there are two options here. Have the playoffs this summer and start next season in January. Or cancel this season and start next season in January anyway. I'll take the former. 10 months without hockey is too much! It's a lot for the players too, not just us fans.
I mean they're trying to finish a legitimate season. It's a cash grab in the way that the entire NHL is technically a cash grab.
Where do you get several months from? They're still in their city of choice now so it's not time away from family yet. Training camp for 3 weeks, another 10 days to play 5 games max, then the losers get to go back home. That's just one month.
Yeah it's very doable.
How much could it really cost? It was a single tram that ran back and forth on a single 1.8km line. There are probably bus routes that cost more to run, and see less ridership.
The city I'm almost sure. They're the ones that ran the line in 2010.
The city could just give the land to TransLink. Yes TransLink would have to maintain it. But it's only 1.8km of train tracks, less than the distance between 2 average SkyTrain stations and far less complex. I think it could be a decent money maker. It's such a pain to get to GI. Parking is impossible and the bus options suck. Especially for tourists, who may not want to navigate local buses. This line was 4 minutes from a Canada Line station to GI. I found some articles that say it cost a lot, but that includes the one-time cost of actually building the stations and getting everything up and running. Plus it was free in 2010 so obviously made no money.
Eichel didn't even play with Ryan Miller, unless you mean a different Miller (maybe Colin Miller, who has played half a season there?) - either way I don't think it's helping your argument.
I don't know, it depends whether they got this during hockey related activities. If it is Tampa, it's far more likely (due to the situation in Florida) that they got it out at the park or grocery store. They'd actually be safer if whisked away to a hub city bubble. This will be an important test. If they can keep it from spreading to the rest of the team, that's a good sign. Covid isn't going away any time soon. They can cancel this year but what about next season? The virus will still be around. Should they disband the NHL all together? These aren't easy questions.
Why? He got it from living in ass-backwards Arizona, not from playing hockey. The sooner the players can get out of these cities and into the hub cities the *safer* they'll be.
Yeah exactly. It would be hard to have 2 hub cities both in the east, because for 7pm Pacific start times they'd have to drop the puck at 10pm local. But 2 hubs in the west is easy.
Matthews didn't get covid from playing hockey. Bring him to Vancouver, he will be safer here!
Some super awesome local establishments on there, great to see!
It's all players in ass-backwards states that are doing nothing to prevent the virus spreading. Nothing surprising about it. Make both hubs in western Canada, get the players here ASAP so they can get the quarantine out of the way, and move forward.
Oh wow you saw a mouse outdoors? Well time to shut them down immediately!!
These numbers are amazing but gosh is the rest of the world looking bleak. 178k+ new cases today alone. And about half of those in 2 massive countries (USA, Brazil) whose leaders consistently insist this virus is no big deal and care more about their poll numbers than their citizens' lives. It just goes to show how much competent leadership matters. I'm so thankful we have Bonnie Henry, Horgan, even Trudeau.
Germany has seen 3 straight days of over 500 cases after 18 days below.
BC checking in, we have about 70% the population of Arizona and we've had 2700 cases... total.
This probably from the same crew that chant "all lives matter." Except the ones you could save by wearing a mask, apparently.
That's not really the issue. Almost everyone would agree. I agree! The issue is that maybe, probably, there's something systemic holding highly qualified people of colour back. Maybe they aren't running for office for various reasons. Maybe they don't get the same media platform, maybe they aren't seen as equally "legitimate." Maybe they're not receiving votes proportional to their qualifications because people prefer to vote for a white person. I don't know the answer, but even just based on our mutual desire to have the most qualified people in office, the fact that the pool of people able to realistically achieve election is smaller than it should be should based on our demographics should concern us.
Whether Smollett identifies with the left is irrelevant, since the left has fully rejected him. This is in contrast to many deplorable figures on the right, which the right actively embraces.
Where are you locked away? Have you been abducted? Can we send help?
Vancouverite here. I'm confident that with how BC has managed everything, that we can also manage this safely. It would be a great testament to all the work we've done and IMO a nice morale boost. I'm totally on board.
Yup 100%. It's the safest option for the players and the best bet to actually get through the playoffs without a season-cancelling outbreak. Also makes the logistics so much easier. Bring all the players to Canada, get through a one-time quarantine, and no more need to cross borders for the rest of the season.
The province is already 90% open and was never really totally shut down. It goes to show that with competent leadership and simple behavioural modifications it's possible to keep the virus under control. If only some of the states down south would get on board.
Love it. Bridging some important gaps. This will definitely make it more likely that I'll choose to bike when heading downtown.
Yup sit down is open, 50% capacity but the city has allowed them to expand patios onto the sidewalk and even street, so overall capacity is higher. Restaurants that apply for this get approved within a couple days. All servers wear masks, menus are either single use or laminated so they can be cleaned... Otherwise it's fairly normal!
But why would that particular game be at 9? The eastern conference teams would play in the earlier timeslots and the western teams in the later ones.
In the US this would have been a mass shooting and 30 dead instead of 3.
Ah yes, good point about the conferences. Anyway, at least the other hub (if Edmonton or Vegas) would be one more time zone closer to the east. So they could put the west in Van, the east in the other city, then in the scenario you mentioned above it would be an 8pm eastern time start which seems fine.
As far as OT, once it's down to 16 teams they'd only have to play 2 games per hub city per day. So they could even put a 3h buffer in between.
They'll still be paying lots local taxes and our government could use the money. And the risk is virtually zero. They're not gonna be leaving their quarantine bubble.
Do you think there's anything the govt could have done to stop the protests all together? Let's agree that the answer is almost certainly no. So with that premise established, consider what their options were. How would you proceed?
What shit hole? BC is one of the best places to live in the entire world right now.
So many times I see a headline like this, and assume "nah that's probably out of context" or "this is probably from an unverified anonymous source" then I come into the comments and sure enough it's a direct quote and it's even worse than the headline. Don't know why I keep getting fooled. His incompetence knows no boundaries.
It is a pride thing. I feel like we've worked so hard here in BC that we almost "deserve" it. I would also be happy to see hundreds of millionaires filling our empty hotels and ordering food from our restaurants and paying local sales taxes.
Deaths were trending down, but seem to have leveled off in early May, and are inching back up again (check the worldometer graph)
Yeah, several hotels with 2000+ rooms. They could host the entire conference, including all staff, and everyone working the games, in a single hotel.
&gt; Kevin Hayes wasn’t as bad as we all thought it would be. 7M for 7 years aged 27 to 33. **Had a 60 point pace season.** Uhhh he was on pace for 49 points. And given the age trajectory of most players, plus the fact that his previous career high was 49, that really looks like his ceiling. He's a ~40-50 point player on the wrong side of his prime signed for 6 more years at $7M per. He also has 13 points in 40 playoff games and was demoted to the Jets' 4th line last playoffs. It's not the worst contract in the league... but it's pretty bad.
I rode over the Granville St bridge sort of by accident the other day... I was leaving downtown and found myself at the foot of the bridge, and there was no traffic around, so it looked reasonable. 1/4 of the way through I was being met by vehicles from the other on-ramp on my right, and cars going 80km/h had caught up to me from behind. I wanted to get off towards 4th Ave but couldn't figure out how to make it across the lanes. Definitely never doing that again. Thank God for the Burrard St bike lane.
Just make it Vancouver and Edmonton already. Bring all the players to Canada, get through 2 weeks of bubble quarantine, and get the show on the road! No need to worry about crossing borders, no need to worry about volatile US politics... Let's go!
&gt; the fatality rate would be 0.18%. Of the entire country!!!! 1500 deaths per day would be 547k per year, about in line with cancer (598k per year). Cancer accounts for 21% of all annual deaths in the States.
If I were in Florida I'd be hesitant about leaving my house. Based on the current situations, it's almost certain the players in Tampa and Arizona got coronavirus from their daily interactions with the general public, not from playing hockey. Why should the NHL slow down their progress and potentially jeopardize the season because a couple local governments have their heads up their asses and (presumably) certain players weren't taking sufficient precautions?
Probably anything that sets off innate immune response receptors (PAMPS /DAMPS) - like cell wall components such as LPS and peptidoglycan. If there's anything more specific it's probably a unique individual host response to something it shouldn't be reacting to - think like an autoimmune response, but to a commensal bacterial antigen instead of something your own body makes itself.
I'd think mostly the latter, there shouldn't be much antigen sampling going on the luminal side of the intestinal mucous layer.
Yup. And favourite regular season goal - Daniel OT vs Arizona. Maybe the most perfect regular season goal of all time.
There's an Arabic character in Stanger (Dr Mahmoud) in a Strange Land and his nickname is "Stinky," ivte always found that weird...
Your hyperbole is stupid.
&gt; Am I using this post as pseudo social experiment for a sociology class in college, showing the degeneration of sympathy of online users? Degeneration? LOL. What's your control reference timeframe when anonymous online users were super kind and sympathetic?
At least this is money going straight into the pockets of Canadians who are going to inject it right back into the economy. I'll take $18 billion spent that way over a corporate subsidy any day.
Is this really a problem worth re-considering CERB over? Like really, what do you think the magnitude of this problem is? Is it a documented common occurrence, do you have any stats on its prevalence which we can use to calculate how much CERB money is going to these individuals? Or is it all based on anecdotal evidence?
You're literally commenting on a media story right now.
Feel free to check my post history.
Yeah, because we've seen across North America that a government official telling people to wear masks is suuuuuper effective
Yeah it was reeeaallly hard for people to tell that the Confederate leaders were secessionist traitors at the time. It's not like they fought a massive war about it or anything.
"whatabout whatabout whatabout"
Yup. It's exactly WHY r/circlejerk posts look like this.
Would all the hotel staff also be isolated in the same bubble? And the restaurant staff? And the staff at the stores where the restaurants buy food? And the people who also shop at those stores? And... There is no perfect bubble. The only thing that makes sense is to pick a location with the smallest amount of community spread as possible. Vegas is NOT that place.
This is only a bad idea if the hub city quarantine bubble is somehow more risky than whatever the coaches and staff are doing in their daily lives at home. It can easily be made as safe, if not safer. It's all relative.
But those 600 people will be in contact with basically only each other. Whereas if you go to the grocery store maybe only 50 people are there but they each might have been in contact with 500 people over the past 2 weeks. And when you go to the grocery store next week it's 50 brand new people who've all been in contact with a whole different set of people. Etc. This is the whole idea of a "bubble."
No. The bubble won't be perfect. But the number of people you are in contact with via 2, 3, 4 etc degrees of separation will still be orders of magnitude smaller. And if it's a city like Vancouver, which has virtually zero community spread, you can take the number of contacts and multiply by an extremely small risk. Whereas if the coaches live in cities with active community spread, or even uncontrolled community spread, it's just obviously more dangerous. That's why the players that tested positive were living in Arizona and Florida. They would have been *safer* in a hockey bubble.
He's a sociopath though so that's a knock against him
Different times though. Here the entire structure of the league will be centered around mitigating viral spread. Daily testing, bubble living, modified social behaviour. It's working in European soccer leagues. It can work.
I wish they'd mandate wearing masks in indoor public places before they consider cancelling the phase 3 rollout.
Welcome back! Looks great! I'm glad you can read the number of daily cases on this new chart.
But still just a 4/11 chance which is only 36%. It's not like it was 95% and they lost it.
It's the only logical solution. Canada as a country has been seeing under 200 cases per day recently. It's so obvious to me.
&gt; Vancouver Coastal Health says there was no risk to anyone attending Brandi's outside of the dates and times specified, and there is no ongoing risk to the community. On the one hand that's reassuring, on the other hand how can they know this? Esp the 2nd part. It sounds like dozens of people were unknowingly exposed over the past week and have probably been living their lives around the city unaware.
Ottawa has 4
I think he used to get coffee once
The NHL cares about money. But that's the same money that makes these players multi-millionaires. So their interests aren't too different actually.
Hall is more likely to get Covid from visiting a bar or supermarket in Arizona than he is playing hockey in Toronto.
Because they were
&gt; a disease that mainly kills people in nursing homes Yes here... because we took precautions and dramatic action. We've seen what happens if you let the virus spread unchecked, like what happened in Italy and Spain and NYC early on. Thousands of deaths per day, ICUs full, people dying from non-covid reasons because the hospitals were overwhelmed, and that was all with just a fraction of the population in a few hotspots being infected.
I think it'll happen soon enough. The UK is still seeing about 1000 cases per day... it's not quite there yet. I bet by the end of August we'll be welcoming visitors from the EU. There's also one more political wrinkle. I think Canada knows that Trump would be furious if we start allowing European travellers but keep the US border shut. They may be doing some political calculus to not enrage our closest economic partner, silly as that may be.
