You missed the obvious pun here. **The four horse-moms of the apocalypse.**
My husband had a tumour the same size as an adult man's fist in his head. Compressed his entire right hemisphere into half the space it should have occupied. There's still bruising on his MRIs more than a decade later. The brain can take a suprising amount of punishment and recover without significant long term symptoms.
Carriers are for me to wear primarily. My kids didn't know about Avengers or Deadpool, that didn't stop me from wearing my Natibaby wraps (Courage and Chimichanga for reference). If you like it that's all that matters. When the wearee has an ability to input their choices, then they can have a say out of which carrier in your stack you use. When they can pay for the carrier, then they can choose the pattern and colours that are bought.
Oh man, but that would be such a cool title to have "first child conceived in space".
At playgroup today we were discussing how our kids have messed up sleep schedules. Most of the mums are dealing with their kids rising with the sun at 4.30-5am (Summer in Australia). My kids won't go to bed until it's fully dark (10-11pm). The others were joking that my kids stay up later than they do.
My reply is "a healthy family" and they go "aww, that's sweet". No seriously, *a healthy family*. My son had his adenoids out this year, my daughter split her head open, my husband is having brain surgery next week and we're waiting to hear from a pediatric urologist about my son. All I want for Christmas is a healthy damn family.
One of the tables in my house has a secret compartment. Or inside one of my sewing machines.
I'm having ham and cheese toasties right now... I wonder how vegemite and cheese toasties would taste...
It can't be my husband, I haven't gone to a wrap meet in two years. I was too socially awkward.
Well you have a TrollY chromosome and a TrollX chromosome, so [both?](https://media.giphy.com/media/3o7aCRloybJlXpNjSU/giphy.gif)
A tightass relative gave you a scratch card for your birthday. Collect $5.
My husband and I shared a shower once. I was cold, he was hot, never again.
Forgets to take antidepressants for a week because that would mean leaving the house to go pick up a new pack. - my husband Ignores crucial housework in favour of mindless crafting. - me
When I was trying to sell my unused second cot I advertised it as an "oversized laundry basket". It held a huge amount of laundry, it was great.
"These shorts are so cute!" *sits, thighs swallow shorts* "Well fuck me then."
Girls need to dry their vulva (the external parts of their genitals) after using the toilet. If we don't it soaks our underpants and puts us at higher risk of thrush or bacterial infections.
I'd say if Lovecraft, Orwell and Dali played the Sims. I recommend A Story About You as a good intro episode, just because it is a stand alone episode where you don't need context, but it's also not the first episode, so it shows kind of what they build up to once they find their feet.
Oh man, I upvoted when you said you cut all your hair off... Now I have the biggest justice boner and I've already given away the upvote! If I wasn't a broke bitch I'd give you gold.
Mine is DAD: sleep, pack bag for hospital stay. Maybe come shopping for snacks, maybe buy new games for kids' tablets for hospital visits. MUM: keep kids alive and healthy, chase up kids' medical stuff, post secret santa gift, post hand-me-downs that just sold, grocery shop, pick up dad's meds, prep kids' snacks for hospital visits, shave dad's head, try not to have mental breakdown. EDIT: also I made hubby a couple beanies to make sure his wound doesn't get sunburnt after surgery. That's just today.
My list also includes my children because they are short.
I spent an hour looking at this crucifixion on my husband's hospital room wall before I realised why it looked familiar. He looks like an IUD! 😂😂
My favourite thing about work was the day I cut myself and swore bloody murder. A guy from the next line came over and told me I'd never find a man with a mouth like that. I told him to eat a dick, my husband doesn't give a flying fuck about my fucking swearing.
Good for you. My bitch nurse told me that cluster feeding and my issues with my son's latch were because his twin (who was kept to her own designated breast) was stealing all the milk. Two nights of that and my husband having to go home just as my milk was coming in left me distraught and I gave in to the formula pushing. At morning shift a new midwife found me bawling my eyes out and immediately put me high priority on the lactation consultant's list, fetched me a pump and tried to help me get my son sorted out. That night the bitch was back and walked in to my husband sitting up in his boxers giving our son a bottle while breastfed our daughter. She said "oh that's better isn't it? No more fussing and fighting for food." hubby smiled and replied "oh yes, he's much better now he's back on mummy's milk, no more of that yucky formula hurting his tummy". She looked like he'd slapped her, still makes me smile 3.5 years later, especially when I'm nursing our son to sleep. I'm eternally grateful for the morning shift midwife. Anyone else and my son never would have touched breastmilk again. I would have given up on the first hard day.
At my father's wedding I met someone who he had worked with for 15 years. He immediately asked me how I knew the bride. When I said she had just married my father the bloke's jaw dropped. He sputtered out "I didn't know he had a daughter." The look of horror when I replied "he has three", there's no way to describe it. He knew about my brother of course.
Update: My husband spent 3.5 hours in surgery yesterday, I ran into the surgeon in the hospital lobby as he was leaving the theatre, he ran me through how everything went and checked in on how myself and the kids are doing. He's a great bloke. Hubby is in the neurology ward now, recovering. His progress looks good, no signs of brain damage, he's walking and talking normally. So far he's not as swollen as previous surgeries. The kids are coping as well as can be expected. They're both bored of the hospital, frightened by hubby's bandages and tubes. Barbara cried the whole way home last night because she wanted daddy to come home too, and Anthony does a sweep of the house looking for dad when he wakes up in the mornings.
I find it funny that the things people consider to be weird hippy stuff is the things that were just the normal parenting techniques only a few generations ago. My grandparents used cloth diapers, my great-grandparents would have done EC. Whenever my family makes comments on my parenting I ask my great grandmother how she did things. Because when it comes down to it, my "hippy tendencies" are just technologically upgraded versions of what she used.
Going into parenting sites I was like "Wow, there are a lot of transmen having babies. Good for them." 🤣
*This.* **Sumbission**. The submission is what kills people, and I say people because it's not just women who suffer. That submission stops women from getting the medical assistance they or their families need. That submission keeps women in abusive relationships that kill them and/or their children. That submission has us turn a blind eye and not speak up for each other when we can see these things happening.
I had twins. When I spoke to my GP about birth control at my post-partum check I said I wanted the implant, I'd done the research, that was the one that best fit me at the time. The GP gave me a script for the mini pill. So I went to the local family planning clinic, walked out half an hour later with the implant and never went back to that GP. With newborn twins I couldn't remember to wear my glasses some days, and I've worn glasses full time for 17 years! What made them think I could possibly remember to take a damn pill every day? If I had listened to that doctor I could have ended up with 3 or 4 in under 2 years!
How have people left out /r/TrollXMoms? Congratulations on your Christmas present!
Trying to get changed in front of breastfed toddlers is exactly this. Especially if they're standing on the bed in front of me when I take my shirt off. That's the reason for 80% of my kids' injuries, because they try to rush me and fall of the bed instead.
You would think that. My husband's epilepsy meds should not be mixed with alcohol, the number of people who try to push a beer in his hand anyway is disgusting.
My husband is 4 years older than me. I loved when he was 21 but now he's 31 he's going grey at the temples and the comic book nerd in me finds that stupidly sexy. Like pretty much any Marvel character that is supposed to be 40ish has grey temples.
I had no libido for the first year, my husband and I joked it was my body ensuring we didn't have two sets of twins under 2 years old!
I relate to this gif too much. My husband is in hospital, probably won't feel like banging until new year due to pain, but I'm uncomfortably horny multiple times a day. WHERE WAS THIS LIBIDO LAST WEEK?
Me casually mentioning RUMPs at all this week.
"I bought new bottles of food dye so we can colour our hair and not get in trouble!" I still remember being called out for my green streak, going over to the sink and washing it out. Then putting it back in during lunch once my hair dried.
I started doing this when I was reading Harry Potter as a kid. I don't know why I did it, but once I finished Deathly Hallows I never did it again with another book. Just for those 7 years, every book I read, last line then start to finish.
A few years ago my father got engaged to his current wife. At the time the family didn't know that they were dating before the engagement was announced. They set a date for later that year. A few people mentioned it seemed a bit fast, but no serious comments. I struggle with socialising, except with kids pretty much. I spent the whole trip out for the wedding reading comics with my siblings. Any time an adult tried to talk to me, I didn't have anything to talk about other than my own wedding plans, which I felt was rude to discuss at someone else's wedding. A few months later, I hadn't heard back from my father about whether or not they would be attending my wedding, so I asked my grandmother to chase it up, as they weren't answering my calls or responding to my messages. They waited until the last moment to reply to her, my father's wife sent a slew of messages to my nan saying I was antisocial and a bad influence on my siblings, my nan was a narcissist for being in contact with me, and that we would never see my siblings again. (There were also some digs at my father's ex-wife, my stepmother.) This would be part one of the "revenge", my father not being at my wedding isn't too bad for me, what hurt was that they banned my siblings from attending. I never get a photo with my whole family, which was the only reason we had a wedding and didn't just elope. When I decided to cut my father out of my life, my aunt and grandparents agreed it was in my best interests, and they also stopped contacting him as it became clear that he expected them to put in all the effort and a one-sided relationship isn't much of a relationship. Within a few months my younger siblings also cut my father out of their life. Then my father showed up in town suddenly and asked my grandparents to lunch. They asked me if I wanted to come and I declined. At the lunch he announced he and his wife had just welcomed a new son the day before. Then he tried to hurt them by giving them the choice, they could continue to speak to the elder four of his children, or they could see his youngest. He tried to make them give up the relationship they have with four grandchildren and two great-grandchildren, in favour of a relationship with him and his newborn. That was two years ago. My father and his wife have a relative who feeds them gossip about my grandparents and I, and multiple friends spying on my stepmother and siblings. But, you know, *we're* the toxic ones.
I find the biggest issue with the RBN culture is that they think it's easy to cut people out of your life. Like one day you can flick a switch and that's it, that's the end of it. Years of caring and contact just gone in a second. It was 6 months between me thinking "no more chances" and me starting to put things in motion to make sure he couldn't contact me if he suddenly had a change of heart.
Anything that requires a thank you from her for the next however many years: birthdays, anniversaries, Christmases. Any time you get a gift, send her one of the thank you cards she printed. Also send her the crappy thank you card, and (here I'm hoping she's still married) send FIL your gorgeous one. EDIT: I used a photo my mum took on her phone for my thank you and wedding announcement cards, mainly because our photographer took two months to get back to me with the edited pictures and I really needed to actually announce we had gotten married.
When it was the TDAP we told MIL she would be banned from seeing my kids at all until she had the shot. It took months to get through to her (this was all during my pregnancy). It wasn't until I started throwing out the mortality rates that she started listening, because I flat out called her out and asked if she felt avoiding a mild inconvenience was more important to her than the lives of my children. (She also saw my cousin tear into my anti-vaxx aunt, seeing someone point out that whooping cough has a higher mortality rate than SIDS is very confronting.) With the flu shot this year, she asked us if we thought she should get it. Last year my uncle spent the better part of 5 months in hospital because of flu complications, he lost the ability to speak and feed himself and spent months in physical therapy. He was 46 and healthy. He passed away at the start of the year due to an unrelated medical issue, but we never clarified that for MIL, we just told her he passed away shortly after he got home. She's already talking about next year's shot.
Rey is more like the puppy you get in an attempt to keep your old dog alive for just a few more years, youth by association. And then when your old dog dies anyway, you're still stuck with this cute, superpowered puppy and nothing better to do.
It was a backyard affair, large family, lots of young cousins. Overall very fun event. I imagine she's grown up a bit in the past 6 years because her second wedding looked very cute.
Had a D&amp;C, was pregnant 3 weeks later. Go get your doctor to do 48 hour HCG levels.
"They're fine, no one's hurt... oh god someone's being an asshole. NOW LOOK HERE YOU LITTLE SHIT CALM DOWN."
I love The Happy Hippos on Facebook, but she hasn't sewn in a while. So I have to sew my own with her patterns.
Aww, I got all excited because my winter coat I sewed myself has an internal pocket and then I realised that that's a comic book in the pocket and my pocket is nowhere near that big (I can get my wallet in there, but that's it).
We got a Santa photo the first weekend that Santas started appearing, at my husband's work (he was working retail at the time). It was a situation where I was in the area anyway running errands, my husband could take his lunch break and help out, the kids were in nice outfits, but not specifically Christmas ones. There was maybe one other family there wanting photos, and hubby could pick up the photos when he knocked off so I didn't have to stick around for ages, I could scoot away as soon as we were done. If I'd had to stay to pick up the prints, or if I'd had to compete with December crowds, it wouldn't have happened. On Christmas day we had lunch with my family, and McDonalds for dinner on the drive home. We haven't done Santa photos for the last two years, and I'm too late to bother this year. I've only just gotten the Christmas tree up for the first time this year.
Handmade gifts are awesome. I was going to do GF cookies for my best friend, but I got struck by the inspiration bug and made her a How To Train Your Dragon tshirt, she's gonna die! Now I have to figure out something small for her wife and housemate...
Pouch pattern is the clutch wetbag by [The Happy Hippos](https://m.facebook.com/groups/252999838411320) (I can't find their etsy any more, so link is to their Facebook group). I used cotton for the outside, minky inside, and heat transfer vinyl for the design (cut on my husband's laser cutter). These took scraps of fabric, maybe 15 minutes total to whip together, and this size holds 1-2 sets of dice.
For breastfeeding mums there's an edit where the third wise woman brings wine.
I mean, they clean the floor of food... so, technically?
Even as someone who doesn't drink I appreciate it more, I mean wine is a great hostess gift for playdates. I never had anyone go so far as to bring me formula... But I kept getting disposable diapers when I made it clear I was going to be using cloth. I had a lot to donate to a local diaper collective every 6 months or so, so that made it worth the effort of having to store and transport them, knowing they were going to help people who wanted and needed them.
One of my childhood bullies showed up at my work as a casual. He apparently asked his supervisor about me and his supervisor "spoke like the sun shone out of my ass" (my supervisor's words, I miss that old crank). He was let go after a month, he was only a temp while the regular guy on that line had a broken arm.
Before my kids arrived I hated them, the material felt so rough I couldn't imagine them being comfortable. Once my kids arrived I was disappointed with the fact I only owned one. It was the best, most absorbent diaper in my stash.
The mums in my twin group who have identicals all had/have different ways to tell them apart. One painted the toes of one twin, most colour code the wardrobes and never allow them to be naked at the same time. One gave one of her daughters a fringe and the other's hair is all one length. Mine aren't identical, but once my daughter's hair fell out it got really hard to tell them apart without constantly checking their diaper contents (I did not own a lot of traditionally girly outfits, didn't see the point on having two wardrobes given they would outgrow everything in a week). But my daughter had one crease under her eyes, while my son had two, that got me through until they grew a bit and their differences became more noticeable.
No, Who's on first, What's on second!
WHO ARE YOU AND HOW DID YOU GET IN MY HOUSE?
I would fold the diaper on itself, snapping the wings to the rise snaps like a pretzel sort of to keep everything contained. Then I'd pop it in the wetbag and rinse at home. If you're not using a diaper system that would work with, you could also keep two wetbags in your diaper bag, one for wees and one for poop, to prevent the wet ones getting poopy.
Sir, if you want a booty like this for Christmas, you should have started doing squats in June.
Honestly I'm surprised it took 10 hours for someone to say it.
My mum drilled it into me growing up that I need to trust the instincts of children. My own are okay, but if I think someone is fine and a child says otherwise, trust the child. Which concerns me a little given my son is so flipping terrified of Santa. (We're going with telling him that Santa is a story, and people like to play pretend because it's fun. I would much rather he be comfortable than try to push the matter because it's "fun" and "everyone else does Santa".)
The whole deal. Not keen on the people dressed as Santa, gets upset when we read books about Santa going into people's houses. My husband thinks we should tell him Santa gave us the gifts to give him, and is worried the kids will spoil the fun for others. But, honestly, there are kids of other faiths who don't ruin the Santa experience for others, heck my brothers played along with it after they found out because they thought it made mum happy. So I'm trying to reinforce that Santa is just a fun story, and people like to play pretend because it makes others happy. Next year, when things are less chaotic I'll get the kids to participate in a giving tree of some kind (hopefully I can find one that is LGBT inclusive by then).
A size up in plain coloured leggings. Of if you're willing to spend the money, find a WAHM who makes Maxaloones, Bunny Bottoms or Forever Fit Joggers. Basically any grow-with-me pants will be able to accommodate fluff butts. I have an issue with the way boys pants suddenly all become jeans or cargos after size 1, but that's more to do with how hard it is to toilet train a kid when they physically can't undo button flies yet.
I added a few things, but the Australian Amazon and the US Amazon have very different prices for some items.
My mum once took away all my books and my library card for a month. It was hell. I can't be certain, but I think it was because I had gone to a friend's house after school without telling her. I didn't exactly do a lot of things that could be seen as bad as a kid.
My birth plan was broken into four parts: things go perfect (walking epidural, no intervention or time limits), this is my nightmare scenario (emergency section and NICU time), post-partum care (breastfeeding, no circumcision, home ASAP), and my husband is epileptic here's his current medical information if you need to send him downstairs to the ED. Thank frick I was required to have the epidural, what ended up happening would have been traumatic without the drugs. I can't imagine having a doctor elbow deep in your crotch is comfortable without an epidural, and my poor mum had to leave the room when they were trying to speed up delivery of the placentas due to her own traumatic experience.
Oh man, this gives me such a justice boner. I love it. "Merry Christmas mum, I got you incarcerated!"
If you look at ring slings or woven wraps, cotton is ok, but anything with tencel or linen is great for warmer weather (my linen blend is amazing in Melbourne summer). Ankalia is a great Aussie brand, they have budget options and buckle carriers too if you're not into wrapping. Wrapture is another Aussie brand worth looking at. Natibaby and Cari Slings are my favourites for their patterns (because I'm a nerd).
I should start saying "oh dad" because my father is the biggest disappointment in my family. (And that's even taking into account that my uncle spent 6 years in and out of jail in his early 20s.)
A gold ball. Get him to place his cheek on the lawn and tee off. Seriously though, I hope your mate gets answers soon, that does not look comfortable.
I stuck crystallized VapoRub up my nose, it was up there for three weeks before I finally sneezed it out. And that was about a month after I stuck a plastic triangle sunscreen seal up my nose and had to go to the ED to get it out. Kids are dumb.
There's a family history of it on my father's side. My cousin totally lost an unpopped popcorn kernel up his nose (ED sent them home, next day the GP sent them back with a note saying ENT needed, kernel in nasal). His little brother it was Lego. Our grandpa it was a ball-bearing. I'm just the only idiot who did it twice.
There's so many things you "shouldn't" eat when you're nursing, it's like people expect nursing mums to just survive off water and will power.
I mentioned making my own panties and my bestie was like "lol why? you weirdo". Like, bitch, I can have all kinds of fun fabric prints, I can have a gusset that actually covers my vulva, I make the liner out of bamboo fleece for leaky days, and I extended the liner up at the front so I don't bleach my undies on leaky days too. Oh and I can spend $30 on expensive fabric and get 4-6 pairs of my size, plus a few for my kids.
It probably would be a good idea for us, since part of my family history is a blank (my nan was adopted), and hubby's entire family is a mystery (FIL is estranged and MIL won't talk about death or illness). We kind of went into parenthood with just the knowledge of ASD history on both sides (DH is on the spectrum, a lot of my relatives are, our son likely is). I know I want to get genetic testing done for our next pregnancy and probably 3D scans early on to check the facial development. My uncle and my father's youngest child both had/have facial clefts and heart defects.
"I'll be sure to count really carefully when I give birth." "If the doctors miscounted during my ultrasounds they'll be getting an earful in the delivery room." "No, I'm not sure, I'm just really hoping it's one this time."
More than Au$20k. I worked an anime convention in my late teens, mega weeb alert, I know. I was the 2IC of the ticket area and during setup we'd been told that one of the four managers would need to count the cash, note the amount and call for security to transport it to the safe. The first morning this became very clear it would not work. The first hour was spent with the other manager on at the time constantly swapping cash boxes and me counting fistfuls of money. And for some reason security weren't answering my calls over the radio. After $20k I stopped counting, emptied all the tills, set them back up with the standard float, put the rest of it into baggies, shoved the baggies into my backpack, found the biggest guy on the organising committee and asked him to walk me to the main office. The treasurer had a go at me for it, the boss commended me for being sensible about it and for reporting that the system we had discussed wasn't working.
Thanks to /u/annap9090 for Ant-Man, /u/tweetyfan84 for Dragons Love Tacos, and /u/laurensics for the doctor kit and dinosaurs/vehicle building kit. You guys absolutely rock. From us the kids got a small climbing frame, two board games and new swimwear. Hubby is recovering well and had his wound staples removed yesterday. And the kids have been handling this whole situation fantastically.
Christmas when I was 9, my father was genuinely surprised to see a large box under the tree labelled "from dad". My nan knew he was fucking useless, so she went ahead and asked my mum what the most expensive thing on my list was, my stepmum sent nan the money to get it. Literally three women organised getting me a scooter and my father got the credit. That's a whole different level of bullshit.
She's currently volunteering FIL to drive me and my kids into the city to visit my husband in hospital. As if three weeks ago we didn't spend a week telling her that driving into the city was too inconvenient for my liking (public transport involves a bus, a train and 3 minutes of walking, super easy).
Years later when my brothers finally broke it, my mum mentioned it was the best gift my nan ever gave me. Thankfully I was already disenchanted with the old man by then (it was just after my stepmum caught him cheating), so it's not like it changed my opinion of him.
Just when we think "it's Christmas, everything is going great, we can relax" hubby is readmitted to hospital and will be having yet another round of neurosurgery because of a suspected infection that got in when he had his wound staples removed.
What's the saying? You can lead a horse to water, but you can't shine its spine for it?
God, I hope not. She's a tough old broad, I'd hate for her to go of a broken heart. It also hardly seems British, no stiff upper lip in following your husband to the grave...
You're a 0 on the [Henderson Scale of Plot Derailment](https://1d4chan.org/wiki/The_Henderson_Scale_of_Plot_Derailment), a 0.25 at most (so maybe some things would get done a little faster without you around to distract people).
You should save for your retirement anyway, it's easier to bribe nurses to euthenise you if actually have the cash.
I found out hubby was out of surgery because MIL called FIL and FIL called me. Apparently when I went home to pick up the kids from daycare, she showed up and camped out in his room, so the hospital went "oh his mum is here and she's on the emergency contact list, we don't need to call his primary contact, his *wife*".
AIOs are the most convenient in terms of assembly time (usually, some are equal to pockets). But if they're not absorbent enough for your needs, that's it, you can't boost them. And some take forever to dry. Pockets were my favourite because they were versatile. You can boost them, if you don't like microfiber you can use prefolds as the inserts, they dry quickly, you can stuff them all at once and be set for a few days or if you're a human disaster like me you can take 3 seconds to stuff a diaper just before you use it.
I am too, the original plan was to take some pain medication and keep an eye on it until the GP opened in the morning. But his pain meds never kicked in and his temperature started going up, so we packed up the kids and went to the hospital. We figured it was an infection in the puncture holes from getting the staples removed. We never pictured it would be so serious.
TL;DR DH is in hospital and won't be able to pull tight things over his head for a few months. MIL showed up on Thursday just before his surgery to give him some shirts. 3 sizes too big. She takes them with her and exchanges them for his size. MIL drops the shirts off at my house yesterday while I'm out. I get a chance to look in the bag and they're tshirts. So now I have to go to the shops and swap them for button up shirts.
Uterine transplants are hypothetically paving the way for this. I mean, it's not something I'll benefit from... but maybe my daughter or granddaughters will, who knows.
Hairdresser, therapist, same difference, right?
My father's wedding about 5 years ago. One of his workmates came up and started getting friendly, trying to buy me a drink at the open bar while I clearly had a drink in hand. I started flashing my engagement ring trying to encourage him to leave. Eventually he asks how I know the bride... "She just married my father." Dude stands there in shock and goes "I've worked with him for 15 years, I didn't know he had a daughter." "Actually there's three of us." I didn't elaborate on the ages of my sisters (at the time early teens and preschool), and walked away to my father and one of my cousins chatting nearby. Totally cock-blocked the dude, he was too afraid to approach another woman that night.
As a teen I had this idea that I would wait until marriage. After a bad relationship I decided waiting for the right bloke was worthless and I should just bang the next dude I thought was cute. One day I'm going to have to explain to my kids that their dad was just supposed to be a fuck buddy. ¯\\\_(ツ)_/¯
Yeah. My house was remodelled for the previous owner who was clearly elderly. Basically everything is low and can be reached by my 3yos, including ALL the door latches and locks. All of them. I had to install chains up above my eye level to keep them from just leaving the house and ending up on the highway outside.
"Check the freezer." It's never in there, it doesn't make sense for it to be there, but check anyway.
If the placentas fuse, doctors have to class them as mono/di for safety, in case complications arise later. And sometimes they fuse so early that doctors can tell for certain whether they're fused or whether they started as mono/di.
I swear I see other women do their makeup and I react like my husband does to Bob Ross episodes. "No way, fucking witchcraft! How is that possible?" I mean, I know it's a skill they've practiced and improved with time, but my brain can't comprehend it.
Fishing vest and cargo pants. The uniform of the mighty Pocket Woman, she who carries all her friends' belongings so they don't have to bring a bag.
I feel like the few items of clothing I have that have pockets, I can't use the pockets still. If I use the pockets in my pants they drag my pants down (even if the pants are too tight). I have a tshirt with a pocket (kinda like nurse scrubs), if I put my phone in there it weighs down that side of my shirt (maybe I should put some power mesh in that panel to reinforce it next time I make one). If I use my internal pockets on my winter coat, I get poked in the boobs by my keys, if I use the external pockets I have nowhere to put my hands. I bought myself a new handbag for Christmas, it's got a flipping laptop sleeve in it! I love it.
I ordered a new laptop charger the other day and still don't have a tracking number. I don't care if I ordered between Christmas and New Year, my laptop is out of battery!
Me after being cut off: "What a cunt!" My speech-delayed son in the back seat: "A *cunt*?"
Mine go to bed whenever they damn well feel like it and nothing I do can convince them that bedtime is a thing.
Whenever the other mums are like "how do you have time to sew their clothes?" I look them dead in the eyes and say "screen time is me time"
I found similar issues. My first-time-mother group my health nurse set up were all super ... conventional? I got some frowny looks for suggesting an overtired mother prepare her sleeping area for cosleeping, rather than risk falling asleep on the couch. The babywearing group I went to, I got along with a few mums, but then the group had to put out a reminder for everyone to get vaccinated because of a state-wide Whooping Cough outbreak. Turns out the mums I got along with were anti-vaxxers. I didn't go back. Surprisingly my twin group is where I found my kindred spirits. The whole group is extremely pro-vaxx, the majority of kids are premmies of some form, and more than half the mothers are healthcare professionals. A lot of the mums have crunchy aspects, and we all understand that it's not all or nothing, even a bit of crunch is great and we can always help each other do more.
That's the answer! Maui stole Dany's heart during the Battle of Winterfell and turned her into the Dany Te Ka equivalent.
Clearly JK couldn't write the story from Hermione's perspective, she'd be classed as a Mary Sue if she was the main protagonist.
I once used my Mum Voice on my sister when she was 4 and about to run onto the road without looking. She stopped in her tracks and started bawling. The siblings it wasn't directed at stopped and stared at me. My father said he heard me from two blocks away. Mum Voice is powerful.
Do it. You might not get a heap of use but if you're planning more kids, you'll be set for diapers for the next one.
Changed my name when I married because it was cheaper and easier than getting my (hyphenated) maiden name corrected on my birth certificate. Hopefully we never divorce because then I'd have to get my birth certificate fixed to remove my father's surname and that is too much work.
LeGs WhErE yOuR aRmS sHoUlD bE!
Unless you flinch and cop a scratch. Then you get two bandaids.
Some people say "oh it takes time", not noticing that they made other lifestyle changes that impact their cycle during that time frame. I mean diet and fluid intake effect your cycle, exercise can effect how you feel your cramps, birth control or other medications can have an impact. Comparing my cycle prior to children on disposables to my cycle now after kids and using cloth for two years... My period is lighter, shorter and less painful. But, that said, that isn't necessarily cloth, that could be a result of having had children. The only things I can definitely contribute to cloth is that I'm not experiencing skin irritation as frequently or severely, I'm not bleeding on my clothes as regularly, and I look forward to wearing new pads.
Nah, just chucked him in the sewers.
In my mother's words: *if it ain't broke don't fix it.* Breastfeeding is calming and familiar after a long day apart. I have no regrets about feeding both my kids to sleep for 3.5 years. They're 4 next week and my son still nurses to sleep once or twice a week, it's the last nursing session left. When my daughter weaned she would nurse and then roll over and fall asleep beside me as I nursed her brother. I've had a dentist tell me that feeding to sleep is responsible for weak spots behind his front teeth, but his ENT said it's because of his enlarged adneoids and snoring.
My shut down for MIL (when we announced our pregnancy) was "your youngest is older than me. Meanwhile I'm the oldest of 7, and over that time I've learned that information changes very fast. I won't be taking advice from anyone with children more than 5 years older than my babies." My great-aunt showed up to my baby shower with a huge box of newborn disposables and told my nan that the cloth diapering wouldn't last. My nan told her to shut up and be supportive of my decision and put the box away in her spare room. I ended up needing them because I was in hospital way longer than I planned to be. I used a quarter of the box and donated the rest. You can always accept the diapers and donate them (I don't know about the rest of the world, but in Australia we have the Nappy Collective that do drives a few times per year). One friend showed up with two bottle sterilisers and a bottle warmer. I gently said "oh no, we're breastfeeding" and he and his partner looked at each other, smiled condescendingly and said "just in case". Next time there will be no just in case gifts. They're a waste of space. I ended up giving them away to a friend.
I'm thinking sedation will need to be considered, but it's something to discuss with the intake nurses and we're still waiting to see the specialist for assessment.
And even if they said that I'd assume they meant their pet, not an actual human sibling.
Cat pics are impressive, those fuckers don't like to be photographed. I have one photo of ONE of my mum's three cats. She's had them for between 10 and 14 years, and I have one photo from all that time.
Impetigo is an infection caused by staph bacteria. It's really common in kids and can be mistaken for other kinds of issues (such as cold sores, skin thrush, hand foot and mouth virus, bug bites).
She wasn't even talking about the Northmen, she meant D&amp;D
Do you go the whole night without a glass of water? Or a midnight snack? Or a pee break? Or just a cuddle with your partner? There are a lot of stupid expectations adults hold children to when they don't meet their own standards. You do what works for you.
Um, gee. As the partner of an epileptic, when the government wouldn't consider my husband for disabilities because his tumour could be corrected... after the third time it had been removed in a 4 year period. Or when they demand annual reports from his neurologist as to why he can't work or study full time hours. As a visually impaired person, literally every trip to the hairdresser when they ask my opinion on my hair but refuse to let me move and get my glasses from the desk. I know glasses aren't much, but without them my reflection looks like a peach blob framed with brown. Also, glasses shopping, that's a *whole* nightmare.
My husband currently has a medical helmet, as he's missing part of his skull. He's a huge fall risk, but people ignore him, even when he asks for a seat. If we go on the train together I consistently get offered a seat, while he gets ignored. I've actually had a few people get huffy at me for accepting their seat offers and then telling my husband to take the seat.
Slinkies in pants. Swear to God.
Kids are just slinkies in pants. Swear to God.
I was so against having another baby for the first year of my kids' life that I just avoided sex. If I had somehow miraculously gotten pregnant in the first year I would have terminated, no question. I sometimes make the dark joke that if I ever saw triplets on an ultrasound my reaction would be "eeny meeny miney mo, one of you has got to go". It's not a joke, I would be immediately demanding a pregnancy reduction. I hope to never be in a position where I would have to make that choice. But saying that I would "never" get an abortion is just bullshit at this point in my life.
There is. And like all birth control, it's not completely perfect! There's the risk of imperfect surgery, or the body healing and "correcting" the surgery. I know of three people conceived after one of their parents was sterilised.
I exclusively pumped for my son for the first month and had to pump off a wicked oversupply for the first 6 months (bad pumping advice from a lactation consultant to start with). None of my bottle or pump parts fit in the sterilisers I received, so I went old school and boiled them in a huge pot every night while I cooked dinner.
1. My plan is to let them pick an activity and 1-2 guests each (depending on if they pick one activity or two separate ones and if they pick any of their twin friends). We'll be starting this next year for their 5th birthday. They're 4 next week and we're planning to do a trip to the zoo. 2. Currently we do two small gifts (usually books). As they get older I'm thinking of giving them a small limit and letting them decide whether to do separate gifts or combine their funds to get something bigger. For other sets of twins, they each pick one person to give a gift to. 3. People are likely to see them as a pair no matter how hard you work to make them see each individual. I've started giving joint gift ideas to people, like board games and sports equipment (much better than my MIL's "matching" unicorn books from her last visit, my son doesn't like unicorns).
My family was very lucky that it happened at the end of my period and not the start. Instead of snapping I let out a stream of curses and hand washed only the plates we needed for dinner.
Mine were all still stacked on the bench, I don't load my dishwasher until I have a full load. My best friend once loaded her dishwasher, went on holiday, came back two weeks later and found that no one had run the machine. They somehow survived with half their cookware missing.
It can depend on the type of ultrasound you have. If you had a pelvic (external) then you wouldn't expect a heartbeat until closer to 8 weeks. I had a transvaginal ultrasound at 6+5 and both heartbeats were visible. But also there's lots of reasons why you may not have seen heartbeats: bad angles, incorrect dates, late ovulation, slow growth.
I heard "are they twins" a lot as a kid. My brothers are a year apart, the elder was on the tiny end of the charts and the younger was on the upper end, my cousin and sister are also really close in age. My mum used to just say no to people, my grandpa used to say "yes, but different mothers" regardless of which pair of children he was babysitting. Now I actually have twins my go to is "no, my husband is a robotics engineer".
Bad bot
My driving test had to be postponed. In Australia the tester either sits in the back passenger side or the front passenger side depending on if your speedo is analogue or digital. I have both and baby seats in the back, so the tester jumped in the front. Just before leaving I panic cleaned all the windows and the speedo cover. With windex. Turned out the speedo cover was acrylic. The windex ate streaks in the plastic. It was fine when we left home but when we went to do the test it was so foggy I couldn't read it as the driver. Instructor didn't fail me, we just had to reschedule. Got home, did a shit ton of googling, turned out I could fix it by wiping it with WD40. And it only needs to be reapplied once or twice a year. Passed the test when I finally got to take it.
When you find the place, make sure there's a backyard photo. Photoshop a pop-tent in there. Tell MIL her "granny flat" already exists on site!
The parlor. The bathroom is full of poops, the parlor is where we take tea.
I had a co-worker with cochlear implants. She would turn her aids off during work because everyone else had to wear ear plugs. She was also first aid, so it was fun having to tell her "turn your ears on, we have an emergency" when my supervisor with a pacemaker got zapped.
We just got home from the zoo. 3.5 hours walking with two 4yos, a 2yo and a newborn. My whole family needs a nap, and I imagine uncle, aunt and the cousins are in the exact same boat.
My mum's ex-husband is an alcoholic. She managed the early stages of the divorce by banning alcohol from her house. He wasn't allowed to bring any alcohol onto the premises, he could not smell of alcohol when coming over, if she smelled or suspected he had been drinking he would have to leave. I would be enforcing that kind of rule and placing all personal alcohol under lock and key during future visits. Even if they couldn't physically handle the cleaning process, they should have alerted you to the situation so you could help them. Their behaviour was stupid and inconsiderate and dangerous for the children at best, and personally I'd be asking them to find alternative accommodation for the rest of their trip.
My stepmum is an angel and I will defend her to my dying day. She put of with my shitbag father for more than a decade and somehow still had the self respect to kick him to the curb when he cheated. My mum's reaction to the split was "does she want me to write her a reference for the custody battle?" My mum and stepmum are very different people, but they've never spoken a negative word about each other, and my mum praises my stepmum for putting in the effort to make sure I had contact with my father and siblings.
There are three generations of failed marriages in my family. My great-grandma kicked great-grandpa to the curb when she found out about his second family. My nan had PPD and walked out, leaving grandpa with four kids under 5. My mum called off the engagement to my father when he said another woman's name in his sleep and refused to take him back when she found out she was pregnant the following week. My mum left her abusive husband after he hit her the first time, there was never a second. My stepmum left my father when he started getting messages from other women at 3am. A failed marriage is better than tolerating disrespect. A failed marriage is better than a coffin, regardless of who would have put you in there.
I have a gorgeous photo of my daughter around 5 months old. She had a fold of my shirt in her mouth and looked really confused that it wasn't a boob.
Too much talking, not enough fighting or dragons.
The best way to word it is, if you chop it and it doesn't work for you, you can't un-chop it. You could learn other carries that use up more of the tail, fancy finishes and whatnot. You'll also find you may need different sizes as you go along on your babywearing journey. Perhaps look into grabbing another size like a 6 (so about 4.6m), which should be good for a front wrap cross carry (FWCC). Or a size 4 (3.6m), which would be good for ruck carries or other shorty carries (like a front cross carry with a ring or a traditional sling carry). I found it's always handy to have more than one carrier, in case one is in the wash. But if you do get it chopped, make sure you have it done by a professional if possible and that they move the middle marker for you. I'm sure you could have something lovely made from the scrap. There is a bit of taboo around chopping really long wraps (especially 8s and 9s) because they're really rare, but honestly I'm chopping a 9 soon. I don't want to, I feel bad about it, but I know it'll get way more use as a 6 and a RS.
Your MIL and DH both need to reassess their nonsense. Any amount of electricity can disrupt the normal heart rhythm and cause complications. Surge protectors regulate the flow of electricity to prevent electronics exploding if there's a disruption to the power or the power comes back on, it's not going to stop a kid zapping themself. We had surge protected machinery at work and proper grounding, my supervisor still got zapped by an exposed wire. It didn't trip the fuse and he felt fine at the time, but our first aid officer still dragged his ass to the hospital for an ECG. When the hospital said he was fine he got sent home for the rest of the day, meanwhile at work our line had the power cut while we investigated whether it was the machine or a faulty product at fault. I've also been zapped a good half dozen times over my life by my own stupid childhood antics, but my family always made sure that they made the best efforts possible to prevent me from electrocuting myself. Sometimes you just can't stop a kid from touching an electric fence, no matter how hard you try. But you can absolutely prevent a child from chewing on power cords while wet.
It's their 4th birthday. First meltdown went to my son when I explained his presents are from mummy and daddy, not Santa. My daughter had a melt down on the way home from the shops this afternoon because I told her that I couldn't get her drink out of my backpack because I was carrying her scooter.
My sister mentioned they're going to start trying for a baby after her wedding next year, then she got offended when I recommended she contact a specialist about her medications because I know at least one of her current meds is Category D. So mum got on her about her tobacco and marijuana use. I love the kid, but she's stubborn. It's an unfortunate family trait.
My daughter fell over at the park and cut her forehead open. I took her to the hospital because they have pain medications, sedation, degradable sutures, properly sterilized tools, and doctors who are trained to close wounds properly (and they're probably not as squeemish as I was). I may have hypothetically have the skills to sew, but I don't have the tools and training to do a doctor's job, in that situation my job was to get her help and reassure her. There's also a difference between advocating for your kids and just being argumentative. I've been trying to get doctors to refer my son to get assessed for ASD/ADHD (both of which run in the family), it astounds me how often I have to assure doctors that I don't think he's "vaccine injured".
But also, tater-tits.
That is THE BEST print!
Fun fact: Liam played actor-Thor for Loki's play in Ragnarok.
I call this look Chewbacca-Chic.
I JUST GOT THAT SONG OUT OF MY HEAD AFTER HAVING IT AS AN EAR WORM ALL BLOODY WEEK!
I bought some cute flannel ones from Etsy and found they didn't work as it took too much effort to get them wet, I used to use a water bottle and wet the wipes as needed, the flannel ones water just rolled off them. Because of that they never got used as butt wipes and got re-purposed for handkerchiefs. Our wipes were all terry face cloths from the baby section of target. They were super cheap at the time, $2 for a pack of 20. They're really thin. I also had some other ones that were a bit more expensive, I think around $4-5 for a pack of 10, they were a lot thicker and really good.
SeptSex and Sansa's rape were easier to watch than that bloody meeting!
Eh, we enjoy seeing the aftermath and healing process from previous popping adventures. I mean, /u/slamhood is basically a goddess with her updates. Glad to see it's healing up like predicted.
Yeah, there was no aftermath of Tommen's death. There was no grief. She was just crowned queen and that was the end of it.
On a roller-coaster in an elevator. The Scooby-Doo Spooky Coaster. It starts off as a ghost train, then goes up an elevator and throws you into a roller-coaster section. I'd been on it dozens of times as a teen. Went to go on it with my friends as an adult and it broke down just as our car pulled into the elevator. Didn't go up, just sat parked at the bottom of the shaft for 5 minutes while things slowly got more awkward. The voice effect that usually happens before the elevator goes up sounded twice, then the music shut off and the announcement went over that the ride was down and staff would be along shortly to assist us. Eventually the lights turned on and we had a good laugh about the whole situation. The staff member that helped us was lovely and we got to ride it an hour later when they'd fixed whatever went wrong.
My sister dated an older asshole when she was 14. Dude was 22. Nothing my mum and I could say would convince her that he was a skeeze. It wasn't until they broke up and she got into an actual caring relationship that she realised that she had been taken advantage of, groomed and raped by that asshole. He's been jailed for statutory rape, he tried to claim he didn't know she was under the age of consent, she had proof otherwise.
Went shopping for jeans for the first time in like 3 years. Normal jeans looked like crap and the waist bands kinda hurt. I know maternity ones are probably better for my belly fat right now, but also I don't know if I'm going to manage that shopping trip without crying.
Sometimes childcare isn't available and you have to just deal with it. And with larger age gaps it can make the process suck less if you're looking at it like a learning opportunity for the child.
And radio announcements during the first week of term. "A reminder that school zones are in effect."
I exclusively breastfed. But that was my choice. I made sure I was educated about my decision and that I was stubborn enough to see it through. It was a difficult learning curve, but it worked for us and I'm glad I made that decision. Forget "breast is best". Make an informed decision that works for your family. Breastmilk is great, and it doesn't have to come straight from the breast, exclusive pumping is very common for twin families. But if you choose formula from day one, that's also great, we designed this technology to keep kids alive, it's wonderful that the option exists.
My best friend through my teens. I knew him 13 years. We were really close, and I knew he had a crush on me in our early teens. I didn't realise that he held out hope right up until I got engaged. Then he ghosted me. We haven't spoken in 6 years. I miss him. The final season of GOT made me want to reach out, but I know there's no point, we're really different people now.
My mums wedding, her maid of honour was three hours late. She was supposed to show up, help with us kids, get mum dressed, etc. She walked in just in time to witness and sign. Where was she? She had to turn around, pick her drunken husband up from his work breakfast and drop him home because apparently he drank a dozen mimosas. He was drunk by 9am.
Rocky but with birds.
"I was bitten by a radioactive pig"
At this point I'm kind of just anger given physical form.
Everyone said "it gets easier", no one said "you will hate certain developmental phases, and some people genuinely prefer the baby stage over preschoolers". I mean, at 4 we're kind of getting out of that phase, but like 2-3 was awful because emotional development and speech delays paired is just a nightmare, and they were too old to passively enjoy outings like in the pram, but too young to do the big kid activities. We did a zoo outing with my uncle and his younger two last week, and seeing the comparison of all the ages was wild. I miss the newborn phase (bub just stayed in a carrier the whole time except a diaper change and a feed). The 2yo tried to keep up with the big kids but kept having to take 10 minute rests after 30 minutes of activity and apparently slept the whole drive home. My 4yos were flat out the whole time, and spent the drive home basically chanting "McDonalds! McDonalds!"
Angry 90s girl rock is the best. I need to play more of it for my kids.
Enjoying bed snuggles the other night when a child made a noise in the next room. She didn't wake up but it was an instant mood killer.
Even if you're fucking to conceive, cumming is still the primary objective.
My mum legit didn't realise her periods would come back after swapping her mirena for a tubal. We had a good laugh about the whole situation.
Honestly the 25 age limit is flipping stupid. It used to be from a year after you become sexually active and doctors are now refusing care to people under 25. My sister has to wait another 5 years for her next test, despite having had two pap tests already.
I just send hubby pictures of our 4yos playing with the babies at playgroup.
I'm putting it on my to-sew list.
Yeah, I didn't realise that the itchy throat I got after eating bananas was actually due to the bananas, I thought it was incidental dust exposure. Put on a face mask with fresh banana in it, broke out in hives. I recognised the signs of a mild allergy the second time it occurred with cashews.
I sew, so I'm looking at making a quiet book at some point. I just never get around to it. I should get on that for my son and husband's upcoming hospital trips. My husband has 3D printed a few boats for my kids to play with in the bath (it's one of the default calibration test prints, so they have like 10 of them). We did a locks and knobs busy board. I actually regret that one because once the kids could reach the front door knobs about 2.5yo, that was it. Not even the deadbolt could keep them inside. I had to install a cabin latch above my head height to prevent them running onto the road every time I peed. When I was a kid, my grandpa made me a farm set for my toy animals with the extra bits from his airplane models and things like popsicle sticks and bamboo skewers, with fake grass and everything.
"You're glowing" is code. It means "you look like crap, but you have a belly/I know you're expecting and therefore I'm being nice to you". It is four shades of bullshit how things women get shat on for normally are suddenly fine as long as you're incubating. I still remember someone at work telling me I had "let myself go" when I had my miscarriage, I never wore makeup to begin with, but for some reason that week was the one they decided my under-eye bags and acne weren't ok.
But the silly replied make their day sometimes. We walked past an animal shelter booth once, and we're broke AF, so my husband just shot out "sorry, we don't believe in Dog". We got about two shops down before we heard one of the people just keel over laughing.
He comes from a culture that is not respectful towards women, it wasn't surprising. Also miscarriages bring out the dumbest in people.
Wishing you an uncomplicated and speedy physical recovery. When I had my loss someone at work told me that shit and I just stared until she walked away. Another co-worker told me she had four losses before they were told to use donor sperm (all of her kids have the same donor father), getting pregnant and staying pregnant are very different animals.
The way it changes from silver to gold shows its a hand sewing needle. Hand needles have the eye end dipped in gold to make them easier to thread.
Jesus christ, give a bloke some time to produce new sperm!
I mean, it also kind of perpetuates the stereotype that women don't enjoy sex (because I've never seen a male cook refer to food as "better than sex"). Like, if you think oatmeal raisin cookies are better than sex you need to go find yourself a more compassionate and compatible sex partner.
Words aren't inherently good or bad, there's no morality surrounding words. It's the intended use of specific words that is deemed immoral, specifically if words are used with intention to emotionally harm others or to incite violence upon others. I mean, I'm not going to get mad at my kids for using fuck as an adjective (ie "this is fucking nonsense"), but using words in anger is a different matter. Tone and context are just as important as the words used. Call someone an avocado next time you're angry, just to see how they react, it's fun and adds colour and dimension to your "swearing".
You are making an educated decision about your own health, there is no shame in that and don't you let anyone tell you otherwise. You have done wonderfully to breastfeed for so long and in the face of a serious complication. If you want to keep breastfeeding, there are will some thing you haven't looked into which could be the cause. Have your bub assessed for ties by an IBCLC. Ties can cause a poor latch, insufficient drainage of the breast, pressure on the breast during nursing, and as a result clogs and mastitis. Another thing to look at is your clothing. If the clogs are occurring in similar places, it could be your clothes causing pressure on your breast tissue. I found flexi wire nursing bras put pressure on my armpit tissue and caused frequent clogs, switching back to normal underwire t-shirt bras took away that pressure and entirely eliminated my problem. This is also why it's very important to get properly fitted for bras while nursing.
Yeah, they puttied over all the exposed butts (which you don't notice on first watch, but it makes for some great laughs on rewatches or seeing gifs). But also the sex scenes were like acid trips, I mean, I legitimately used the phrase "kaleidoscopic lesbian porn" at one point. There's a guy who removes and eats his own face, but nah, titty too much for you.
My daughter gashed her forehead open back in October. Fun fact, I am cool with blood, other exposed internal bits like meat and bone? Not so much. Took all my composure not to throw up on her sweet little sad face while she comfort nursed.
Simpsons first. Bart The General, 1990. Dodgeball wasn't until 04.
Ghost: *Remembers being treated crappy by men in life* Ghost: "If they die, that's their own stupid fucking fault."
My school separated the twins. So we had this set in my level in grade 5. Lets call them David and Chris. We had Chris in our class that year. Lovely kid, kept his hair at a shaggy length. David was in another class, he had a very short haircut. So one day David walks into our class, and tries the "oh I got my haircut" line, to which we all call bullshit. Eventually our teacher shows up and she spots it right away and tells him to go back to his class. Meanwhile in David's class, all the kids are giggling at Chris sitting casually at the front while the teacher is *completely oblivious*. She didn't notice until David walked in and told Chris that he got busted. My kids aren't identical, but there's a lot of them at our twin playgroup. One set is always colour coded, Ben wears blue, Glen wears green kinda deal. Anyway, one day Ben's getting up to mischief and when he was called out on it, he said "no, I'm Glen!" thinking that switching names would get him out of trouble.
I don't know how ID parents do it. I used to get my kids mixed up in the middle of the night get surprised by my "daughter" having a penis during nappy change.
I'm very lactose tolerant and reading that made me queasy.
It's definitely a thing in Australia. Though largely in my experience it's more of a convenience thing. Like "My friend needs to pee? I'll probably need to go soon, might as well pre-empt it." or for bag holding or menstrual product exchange.
I just got hit with one. I'm going to go eat pizza sadly.
I'm not going to recommend myself because I'm in a depression funk and lost my will to sew, so my etsy is sad and empty. But also because I've sewn all my own pads, I can't give a personal recommendation for other sellers. Darlings Downunder sell pads by Baby Beehinds and Twinkle Lily. Otherwise, in my sewing groups I see the work of Kat's Creative MCNs, Fourzero Designs (etsy), Hey Penny (doesn't seem to have any on her website at the moment), Whimsy Woo Cloth (Facebook group), Paisley Pads (apparently she's restocking next fortnight and has afterpay), Go With Your Flow (etsy), Daisy &amp; Bird (Facebook), Lady Luna. They all look gorgeous and my friends follow a few of their Facebook pages.
Don't blame me, I voted for D
As someone who was pinched in her first pap test, thank fuck. But also I think the speculums my hospital had after my miscarriage were pretty rad, they had a built-in light. But still super wasteful.
Aussie. It was still delicious, even though I was sad.
Right? There's a strong difference between "hey, people who are trying or pregnant, these are some of the changes I'm experiencing since having kids and these are my emotions around it" and "EVERYTHING IS RUINED PARTS 1, 2, AND 3!"
You can ask for 48 hour beta HCG bloods. If they're going up, yay. If they're going down they can monitor how long it takes to flush out of your system (in case of complications). But that said, there's a lot of reasons why bleeding occurs in the first trimester and it's not always concerning. I bled my whole first trimester for no discernible reason, I just had two pranksters on my hands.
My father was once driving along a country road at night and spotted a kangaroo. In a split second he had to decide between hitting the roo, an oncoming truck or a tree. Being on his motorbike, he picked the tree. Broke his femur, but he fucking lived. If the truckie hadn't been from our home town no one would have believed his story.
The UK does also have a high rate of home births, the UK's midwifery and home birth program is what I specify when I say I want safe homebirths available in Australia. Multiple midwives working on schedules with relief teams for uncomplicated pregnancies, with support from the hospitals and ambulance service in the event of transfer. Especially with rural living here, the government actively destroying home midwifery is putting so many lives (and livelihoods) at risk and adding unnecessary strain to the flying doctor service. Our current "system" is a smattering of rogue midwives working solo and without proper insurance coverage, risking their license if they make the decision to transfer to hospital.
"I'm gonna **break** the **wheel**." King Bran the Broken was fOrEsHaDoWeD.
I remind pro-birthers that abortion laws impact all areas of gynaecological and obstetric care. Hell, abortion laws impact all areas of medicine. My husband made a dumb comment the other week and I flatly reminded him that myself and our kids are alive because I have had access to drugs and procedures that would be restricted if abortion was not available, I would have died of sepsis during our miscarriage and I would have died of blood loss after labour.
Spouse blocking their path, a kid "helping" and a kid walking around aimlessly and interrupting every 3 minutes to talk about the scar they got 8 months ago.
I had a missed miscarriage. If pregnancy tissue (ie, the fetus, placenta and endometrium) is retained it becomes infected. I was given a medicinal abortion to prevent infection as I already had a slightly elevated white blood count. When I had a follow-up I still had some excess endometrium left and had a surgical abortion (a D&amp;C). When I gave birth, I had heavy blood loss and wasn't responding to pitocin. They gave me misoprostal (the same drug I had during my miscarriage) as it contracts blood vessels. In an abortion or miscarriage misoprostal cuts off blood flow to the endometrium and causes everything to shed, in my birth it stopped my bleeding and encouraged the placentas to come away. Basically abortion laws create these legal grey areas regarding miscarriage treatment, the prescription of certain medications and the performance of certain procedures because of their association with abortion.
My best friend's mum checked their health insurance a while ago and found she was paying for maternity care for both of them. The company said it was because they were both of childbearing age. The mum said she explicitly declined maternity care because she has no uterus and her daughter is a lesbian.
Delicious rotarix syrup. Now I want pancakes.
Heartbeat bills at large are stupid because ultrasound can detect a "heartbeat" two-three weeks before the majority of the heart is actually formed (most of the heart structure forms around 8 weeks). It's technically a muscle spasm at the point those bills come into effect.
&gt; You cannot bathe two babies in the same tub at the same time. (Los Angeles, CA) Whoever wrote that law didn't have twins.
My mum was always very open about reproduction and health. And when my godmother went into labour mum couldn't get anyone to babysit, so I got my first experience of birth for my 5th birthday. A few weeks later on school holidays I went to visit my nan's farm and she tried the "oh we found some baby animals in the veggie patch" and I countered "that's weird, people come from vaginas, are you sure your animals aren't just giving birth in the veggie patch?"
It also happened in a recent movie. Though that made sense (I mean... kinda).
Zofran was my everyday "take this if you want to live". I also had another, stronger med that I took only if I couldn't keep down water for three hours (it was hella expensive). That shit had an hour to kick in before I went to the ER for fluids. I never actually went to the ER for fluids, went for other reasons and was given fluids because my Zofran wore off on the way over... I'm grateful I only had 16 weeks of HG, my stepmum was a puke machine all 42 weeks of all four of her pregnancies. Nothing worked and she was hospitalised weekly for dehydration. Still can't believe she put herself through that so many times.
It's not a POAS habit if you use OPKs (I lie to myself every TWW).
Absolutely, if it doesn't turn positive, doesn't mean I'm out of luck, because it's only an OPK.
Time for an elaborate fake death.
No kidding. I regret having our home-made busy board being all latches and locks. I had to put a cabin latch at my head height because my kids escaped the house. We live on a highway, I have twins and they were 2.5yo. I had the deadbolt on, the chain, and the wire door was locked. Between the two of them they had everything figured out. 3/10 at least it's a funny story.
Some kids are just petite until they finish puberty and then bulk up after reaching their final height. Maybe have a look at your husband's (or any uncles') childhood photos to see how he grew. But also, remember there needs to be tiny kids as well as giants to make up the growth chart. As long as they're growing consistently, and there are no health concerns, you shouldn't be too worried.
Faceless Old Woman Who Secretly Lives in Your Home for mayor!
Oh it's not. She's just calling out assholes who think she's still 8, not remembering that the character she played essentially started a coup to overthrow an unfair system.
"Hey I wonder what (distant cousins) are up to? ...oh, they had a baby last month..." *five minutes later* "How about (other cousins)? ...And they're pregnant..."
Pet Semetary is one of my favourites, I can't bring myself to touch it again now that I'm a parent myself (honestly I'm surprised I made it through in my teen years when my brothers were toddlers). But the thing that sticks with me the most is writing a book report on it in 7th grade. And my English teacher dropping my mark a whole damn letter grade (from an A to a B) because I "misspelled cemetary" through the whole report. After 5 minutes of trying to tell her "I know how to spell, it's the book's title", I walked in the next day and silently placed my report and the book on her desk. She refused to give me the marks back for "talking back". Old bitch.
I actually didn't think about how parenthood would effect my reading (other than me not having a lot of time to read any more). I imagine there's other books in my bookshelf that I won't be able to pick up again for a long time. Lolita is another one, for example. I don't think I'll be able to read it until my kids are 15 or so and we can have a frank conversation about HH's bullshit.
Bit late to this, but make sure you use polyester thread, as cotton will cause leaks.
My best friend wanted to make plans for today. I told her "that's the kids' daycare day, I'm going to be cleaning." She goes "I'll help! Cleaning buddies!" She cancelled because she got called in to work to cover a shift, but I moved my washing machine and drier and cleaned two years of dirt out from under them, so on the plus side she didn't see that.
There's two clinics that have radio ads in my area, I hear them daily. I also started to get facebook ads for fertility clinics despite this sub being the only thing remotely TTC related in my browser history at the moment. I make sure to keep my TTC stuff to a secondary browser so facebook can't start with the baby ads.
My aunt. My cousin broke his leg when he was about 14. She bragged when he came home that she slept on his bedroom floor for a week. Then she slept on a couch just outside his bedroom for a month. That kid is never going to be allowed to move out of home.
I once had an old lady pop my son's leg out of the onbuhimo strap and run off yelling "his leg was stuck, you're welcome!" as I suddenly had to catch my son before he fell out the bottom. The four old women who were still at the bus stop copped an earful of my rant about not fucking touching carriers as I pulled my son down and started again. I went to the zoo with my aunt and uncle and their children recently, my aunt had two comments (that I heard) from old ladies about how she was wearing her newborn "wrong". Too bad those old bats didn't see me wearing my 4yo after he got lost.
I bled my entire first trimester. There are a lot of reasons why you can bleed during pregnancy. For me the best guess they had was that it was the high hormone levels irritating my cervix and vaginal membrane. All they really said was "unexplained bleeding is more common in twins", which was not reassuring at all. Hopefully your ultrasound gives you reassurance.
The beach gonna get the body I give it!
It is non standard if you count in binary on your fingers. I am "this many" *holds up 3rd, 4th and 5th fingers*
Old enough to hypothetically remember the Port Arthur Massacre, young enough that people sheltered me from it. (And subsequently, old enough to recall my grandparents owning firearms.)
There's a huge age gap between myself and my siblings. So one thing I resent is feeling like I can't be friends with them because I'm so much older. Or the expectation that because I'm older that I'm also more knowledgeable. But the worst is calling my mum out when she does dumb shit parenting my siblings (specifically my sister). Tl;dr: I had a lot of freedom to make my own mistakes and learn how to be an adult, but my sister was a bit messed up and mum thought tightening the reigns would work better for her. Instead what she did was delay my sister getting sexual health checks for several years.
I tripped and slammed mine into my kids' cot. It came back three months later. I've never been able to replicate the angle and force.
I swapped to cloth pads because I was spending a fortune on pads that were giving me rashes. I've been using cloth pads for over two years now and I have absolutely zero regrets.
All Fluffed Up, Handmade by Glow and Versodile have some more novelty shapes if that's your jam (I'm too lazy to link the stores but they're all on etsy). I prefer to stick to fun fabrics. But the battle axe ones are way more than just being a neat shape. They're basically immovable because of the way they curve around your legs. The Titan pattern is my night solution because it doesn't shift no matter how restless I am.
I'm so ashamed of my fanfic writing that I contemplated creating a new account so my best friend wouldn't recognise my user name (since she's the one who got me into this particular fandom). This is some good chaotic bold 2020 energy though. Maybe I should just sent my bestie my work to beta.
I found the bra base for the [Agility tank](https://5outof4.com/product/agility-tank-and-dress/) wasn't really comfortable for my bust size, so I went with the [Power Bra](https://greenstylecreations.com/collections/womens-patterns/products/power-sports-bra-in-cup-size-a-h-and-bands-28-46) because it had actual cups. [Scrundies](https://stitchuponatime.com/product/scrundlewear-2-0-womens-underwear/) are a tried and true pattern in my library. The skirt is a half circle skirt, I calculated using the sizing chart. That was a mistake, always use the finished garment measurements if adding a skirt to a piece, I ended up chopping a good 3" off one side of the skirt, so now it's a little lop-sided. No one will notice but me, it's fine. In total, these cost me under $65 and fit me perfectly. They're a marked improvement on the last bathing suit I purchased for $150 and wore three times.
Ah so that's why all 8 of my tomato saplings died randomly. And like 12 of my pansy seedlings. My blueberries are still alive. Maybe I should start caring for the weeds, then they might die off as well.
If my husband handed me his suit to unpick the pockets I would stab him with my tailor's awl. He knows how a seam ripper works. Seam rippers are so handy though. Actually cutting threads from a seam, slicing open button holes, removing medical stitches when the kid starts tugging on them after the doctors close for a long weekend (of course well and truly after the wound heals).
Careful, thems fucking words.
A month ago my friends' states were on fire, but mine was fine. Today a quarter of my state is in flames. Our country is ablaze. Two days ago an entire town of 4,000 people had to evacuate into the ocean to escape the flames. Our government says this isn't a disaster. I have friends with missing family. I have friends I haven't heard from in days and no way of knowing if they're ok because their communication lines have been cut. I have a friend who spent the last month of her pregnancy knitting wildlife pouches instead of booties just so she could help in some way. Our home is on fire. Our houses may not be directly in danger, but our home is on fire.
"Gee, I wonder why menstrual cups are becoming more and more popular?" VAMPIRES!
Australia. Melatonin is by prescription only, not covered by the Pharmaceutical Benefits Scheme and has to be mixed up at specialty pharmacists (and I have no idea where one is near me). A nurse friend recommended me a Canadian online store that ships to Australia. It was $50 for two bottles and shipping.
Clearly you need to go in your sexiest little black dress. Take the "buy me dinner first" joke to a whole new level.
MIL logic: he'll outgrow a carrier with a 20kg max limit! Let me buy a pram that likely has an 18kg max limit.
I feel really called out by this. I have projects on my desk that I set up planning to do while my husband was in hospital in December 2018.
I have been summoned. Thanks for more name suggestions for my PoGo Dex. My Volbeat is named Bubbler. Spinarak is Anansi. Roselia is (Princess) Fragrance (character limits are my bane). Misdrevious is Puppeteer. Delibird is Santa Claws. Glaceon is Frozer. My Umbreon is currently Lady Wifi but I don't really think it suits. My husband's Aloan Vuplix is Chat Blanc (he won't trade it to me, he sucks).
I love it. But honestly watching her sewing machine produce flatlock stitches angered me so much. (The stitches go side to side, it's clearly not a zig zag, that's not something a regular sewing machine can do.)
You know when your oven is playing up and the bottom of your cookies are lightly charred but the rest of them are fine so you try eating one and it just tastes like sadness and failure? That.
Mountain top mansion one day, field full of eucalyptus saplings, fruit trees, tea tree, and wild lavender the next. "Well the first thing we did was landscape your garden. Then we turned the whole property into a garden! In 20 years this will be a great habitat for koalas, possums and fruit bats. Until then it will benefit the local bee population!"
I'm just really sad about how my last batch of chocolate chip cookies turned out.
Nah, none of that helps. Our oven is a good 40 years old and the thermostat is broken.
Don't make me chuck my sewing machine at you. I have terrible aim. 😘
It's the small things that break the immersion, eh? It's a hard place to be in, like yay my hobby is being shown to kids, but it's WRONG.
I'm not saying it's wrong to teach someone something, it's that the details are wrong and it's infuriating because they're such basic things. (Like I said it my other comment, the sewing machine producing a flatlock stitch. It's such a small detail but it infuriates me.)
My kid seeing someone in a wheelchair: "Mum, they're weird!" Me: "Kid, your normal meter is broken. Dad has seizures and is missing part of his skull, but someone sitting in a chair is odd?" Also one of their kindy classmates is in a wheelchair, they've seen her once a week for the last year and a half. How has that not normalised yet?
Oh that's great, I might suggest that wording to my friend, her family are all able-bodied so sometimes when they go to ENT appointments her 6yo makes inappropriate comments about people's medical devices. I think everyone is fascinated by prosthetic limbs, regardless of age, the tech behind them is really cool and we've made some amazing advancements in the last 30 years.
There are a lot of causes for bleeding in the first trimester that can be mistaken for a period or miscarriage. Definitely check in with your doctor. I had unexplained bleeding my whole first trimester. No haematoma, no loss. Best answer they could give me was "idk. Maybe because you're having twins?"
They look like [Emilia Clarke](https://img.buzzfeed.com/buzzfeed-static/static/2019-05/15/0/asset/buzzfeed-prod-web-01/sub-buzz-21217-1557895853-1.png?output-format=auto&amp;output-quality=auto) pre-GOT S8. The mouth says "BEST SEASON EVA!" The eyebrows say "CALL LADYBUG!"
The best way to start back carries is awkwardly sitting on your bed worried that the whole thing will fall apart when you stand up. Wrap You In Love has some great tutorials on her youtube. I struggled with back carries for quite a while. I back carried in meh dais and onbuhimos for about 6 months before I figured out how to hip scoot and superman toss with a wrap. You may find hip carries as a happy medium for a bit while you work on perfecting a ruck.
This is gorgeous. Hopefully the burned areas look like this again soon. Until then, I guess I've got a lot of marsupial pouches to sew up for carers.
Haha, I think you just described life. If it helps, I've been wearing my twins their whole life, they're 4.5yo now. In the last 6 months I've had one perfect first time 30 second ruck. I've also had a terrible ruck that I had to stop and reset twice before I got it, a double hammock where my son slipped out and ran away, a front cross carry where he actually flipped himself over my shoulder (onto a bed), and I attempted to demonstrate a Jasmin's tandem carry to another twin mum but my kids scattered and refused to come near me. Any time you struggle, know you're not alone, even the most experienced of us have our disaster days.
I find hanging my clothes/pads to dry always results in them being firmer than tumble drying. I find movement of the drying objects helps (so on windy days my towels dry softer than on still days). My nan tells me ironing helps soften line dried clothes, but honestly I don't care enough for that nonsense. You can look into your water, but for me it's something I accept about warmer weather. I just scrunch my pads up in my hands to soften them back up after they're dry but before I put them back in my pad box.
I went NC with my JNfather after he cheated on my stepmother. Two years of blessed silence and I decided to let him back into my life because he seemed to be making an effort... That lasted less than 18 months before I cut him out, blocked him and told my family that I wanted nothing to do with him. Never again.
I've seen fanfiction. Or... I've seen the ship tagged and promptly scrolled straight flipping past the fanfiction. And that one time the ship wasn't tagged and I got about 400 words in before it was revealed and I started weeping.
This is gorgeous, and such a wonderful thing to make for your friend. I love it so much. Handmade gifts are the best.
Problem: My kids love "spicy stuff" (my son thinks salt=spice). Also problem: They both like capsicum. Not problem: They don't like cheesecake!
Just got asked why I'm so cranky. I'm 8DPO, my boobs are so sore, I had a really crappy sleep that ended when I was woken up two hours early, our neighbour that is moving for some reason thought I'd like a creepy looking baby doll, and people are up in my personal space.
Get out of my YouTube history!
My best friend once messaged me saying neither she nor her wife could remember her full list of allergens and she was in hospital. I told her the one she had forgotten was an imaging contrast, which resulted in her testing being changed to no contrast and avoided her being kept for 48 hours on benadryl and observation. I'm now in her phone as the primary emergency contact.
I had a short cervix at 20 weeks with twins. It wasn't great at my 12 week scan (I think around 3.8cm, if I recall ideal is 4-4.5cm) which they said was likely due to my having conceived immediately after a D&amp;C. But at 20 weeks it was around 2.4cm I discussed it with my OB and they said because I was having twins they would not be performing a clercage, it's just not going to prevent premature labour in a multiple birth. I was given scans every four weeks to check my cervix length, they recommended I reduce my physical activity (which basically meant limiting my daily walk to an hour and stop hiking with friends), and put my feet up for two hours a day. If I got below 2cm we would discuss pessaries and bed rest. By my 34 week scan my cervix was back up around 3.5cm and the ultrasound tech said that they'd have to evict my bubs. I was induced at 37 weeks. I think the important thing is that people talked to me about why things were happening, and what could or could not be done about it. So if you do get a non-ideal measurement, go into your OB with the attitude of "I know I'm not experienced in this, I'm not an expert, but you're a care provider and I don't feel like you're giving me the care I need, so I sought a second opinion. Now what is your plan of action?"
I can't wait to have the discussion with them that, in fact, technically speaking, neither of them were planned. I had a miscarriage the month before and was not supposed to be trying to get pregnant that month. Technically we also know which one is the "bonus" baby, Twin B had an anterior placenta and measured 1-2 days smaller at the dating scan. I was about 14 when my mum and I had the accidentally-on purpose talk and it was hilarious. My mum and father had been trying for a year when mum found out he was cheating and called off the wedding. She found out she was pregnant a few days later.
Misoprostal. I had a miscarriage in 2014, except my body didn't recognise that the baby had stopped growing and 3 weeks later when it was found my doctor gave me the option of inducing the miscarriage or waiting it out. I chose the meds. The first dose didn't do anything. The second dose brought on cramps. The third dose had me screaming on the lounge room floor unable to stand. My arms physically shook from the pain when I dragged myself to the toilet. I begged for death. I was in that level of agony for 8 hours. Afterwards I wondered why my neighbours didn't call the cops. They didn't warn me, they didn't give me pain relief, my blood pressure was shot for days afterwards. I've since learned from friends that this is a pretty common experience with the drug. So yeah, when an ER asks me on a scale of 1-10, 4 is the time I ripped my toenail off, 6 is mastitis, 10 is misoprostal.
Holy fuck, I'm going to Finland for my next kid. The nicest thing I got was the midwife who found I was fully dilated just as dinner was being served. She made sure I ate my soup and dessert before she called the OB in.
Oh he's gorgeous, look at all that fur! Someone must have had some serious heartburn!
She is legitimately a sex worker. She just requested proof of donation before she sent a photo, she never touched a cent. She also didn't send the nudes through instagram, but they deactivated her account anyway because they found out she was a sex worker.
I love my interactions with medical staff. Female doctors and nurses react to me with an air of "Ah yes, long term chronic illness life", while male doctors and nurses ask me how long I've been in the medical field. Like, look mate, I know how the binder and specific seizure terms looks but I'm not in neuro, I've just been dealing with this for more than a decade.
Every time I get a phone call my daughter thinks that it's automatically for her. We have to have a discussion at the start of every call "This call is not for you to talk. I will not give you the phone. If grandma calls you can talk to her, but this is a doctor/some jerk and they need to talk to just mummy, ok? Ok, throw your tantrum in your room with the door closed please."
Me on CD1- Guess I'm out. Also me on CD1- I know subchorionic hematomas are a thing and can cause period-like bleeding, I should test just in case.
Breastfeeding is the biological norm. Unfortunately, due to shitty marketing ploys in the 50s-80s (which honestly still continue to this day despite the WHO outlawing it), formula became the social norm. Without exposure to breastfeeding, with the increased sexualisation of breasts, and with the "breast is best" "fed is best" mommy wars bullshit, breastfeeding becomes a "private" and taboo thing. The lack of exposure, experience and support gives each generation a lower chance of meeting their goals and lowers the breastfeeding rates further. Australia isn't so bad for public shaming, in my experience, and I always had the bonus of "oh you don't like me breastfeeding? Well here's a second baby to put on my other breast. Fuck you." But I copped about three comments that I heard, my husband got one person who wanted him to move me into another room, and we received a phenomenal lack of support from medical professionals.
I'm in Australia. My kids are doing preschool/4yo kindy through their daycare centre. To do that they need to go two days a week. We have a childcare subsidy, unfortunately that only covers one day a week because I'm not working or studying. I can't work or study because I'm running myself ragged just trying to manage my family's medical specialists (there's 11 different doctors across hubby and our twins). If I went back to my old field from pre-kids, my hours wouldn't align with my daycare's hours and my pay would be $300 less than the weekly cost for childcare.
I remember being forced to hang out with my mum's friends' kids when I was young, and I hated them. I don't have to worry about that with my bestie because my kids adore her dog and he loves pats (even if they come from the loud beings). My friends who are inclined towards having children aren't ready yet, so there's going to be a fairly large age gap between our kids and our friend's kids anyway (unless we have more kids, which we would like).
Have you tried to make the 3D hanging bags. I'm working on some but I can't figure out how far down from the top the second seam to stablilise the hanging bar should go. The instructions are unclear.
They're for carers to hand rear them, so they use them for sleeping and daytime rests if the mother is no longer around to care for the joey. Roos and wallabies spend time in the pouch for a considerable length of time so these pouches get a lot of use by carers.
They're not my seizures, I've just been with my husband since I was a kid. The tumours are improving, at this rate we're looking at him having surgery every decade or so, we just need to get through his skull reconstruction next month.
Well, they also recommend not getting corrections done until you're finished having children because of the changes associated with pregnancy. My eyes are pretty severely shortsighted, it runs in my family. I'd be happy if I could go back to the vision I had in 2002, where I had to wear glasses all the time, but my field of clear vision was around 2m rather than my current 15cm. I miss going to the pool and beach and being able to take my glasses off.
I've started countering with "Dad has offered to help you, if you need help, go to him." If he's offered, I'm not lifting a finger. Sometimes I'm lazy and say "I'm not good at that, maybe you should ask daddy." I also counter "I *need*" with "you *want*" because it is not necessary for me to put their underpants on, they can do that themselves. Healthy attachment also means healthy boundaries.
It's not just about the government doing a shitty job cleaning debris, it's about the weather conditions not being safe to clean debris. In the Dandenong Mountains conditions have been good for fuel reduction burns, we've had fairly reliable rainfalls, temperatures have been mild. But in a lot of the areas that are ablaze are experiencing drought and that means that fuel reduction burns could easily lose control and become a major bushfire. And without the smaller burns, there's more fuel available, and these bushfires spread faster than could be contained.
My sister spilled some glitter in her bedroom when we first moved in to mum's last house. 15 years later when mum moved out, there was still glitter between the floorboards.
I once had three skeletons! How wild is that?!
Oh he's so tiny and precious! I remember the 2 month shots. My daughter fell asleep immediately after hers, it was hilarious. My son was very indignant about the whole business.
I'm waiting for the day my husband comes home from his annual MRI and says "I'm now qualified to run the machine!"
Yas. Need me a bus window to rattle my thoughts into a coherent structure.
Let me do that thing I like. You know, where I load you all in the car, drive you to a factory warehouse and abandon you for several hours. The fact there is a playground inside the warehouse is inconsequential to me.
All mothers have sex? This is shocking to me! Shocking I say! I had no idea how reproduction worked! I'm going to tell my mother! And she's gonna laugh at me because I am also a mother.
Whenever you do it, keep your wording clear. "He has made it clear he is not interested in being part of my life, therefore I haven't invited him." Just because she has a positive relationship with him doesn't mean everyone does and him not being invited is not an attack on her relationship with him. If she's going to overreact it doesn't matter when she does it or how nice you are, it's always going to be the same outcome. I had a cousin send me horrible messages on Facebook and block me because my mum snapped at my JNaunt that she wasn't attending my wedding (it was a very small affair and aunt was calling daily to ask for details, I haven't spoken to cousin in 6 years). I had friends stop talking to me after they received our wedding announcement cards. Good luck.
Realising my grocery lady is giving me a funny look because I bought pregnancy tests last week (coz I was out of FRERs) and I use cloth pads so she's never going to see me buy pads or tampons to suggest I'm not pregnant. In 3-4 months I'm going to have to remember to go to a different shop.
Have you zoomed in on the names at the bottom? It reads like a wedding invite template.
I loved them, but the night ones have a fact that David Bowie has a spider named after him. Neat information, but not the kind of thing you add the GRAPHIC OF A SPIDER TO! I swear the number of times I have woken my entire damn house screaming because I woke up at 3am and needed to change my pad without my glasses on... I think my husband was supportive of my switch to cloth pads just so he didn't have to deal with my arachnophobic ass.
Whenever I see people running for exercise I imagine a great shambling demon lopping behind them. And then I can't un-see the beast and I worry that I've brought it to life with my thoughts. It used to be fun and silly. Then my kids started asking what runners are running from.
Or even an anti-fatigue mat from a hardware store. That stuff is great (I worked in a factory for years, my husband could tell the difference between days I worked in a matted area to days where I stood on concrete).
I prefer to petsit my friend's Christian. It means I can give him back when he starts saying things I fundamentally disagree with. And he's a good friend for my pet agnostic.
This will be me in December. I can feel it in my bones.
My stepmum had HG all four of her pregnancies. Which makes me wonder how crazy post-partum hormones are that she forgot how bad 9 months of uncontrollable vomiting is *three times*.
While the kid is screaming: "Are you going to put it away now?"
Last time I ran out of 310 it took me weeks to find it in store (and I learned that embroidery floss is not the same as cross stitch floss). I found some that had fallen under the display and bought all four skeins that I found.
She's like one of those little dome toys you flip inside out and then place on a surface and wait for them to pop. You know, jumpscares for kids.
They reminded me of antlers too, I had to double check I wasn't in the Hannibal sub. It's a super gorgeous headpiece.
Reflecta Noir. His hatred of heels is something I feel in my soul. No matter how pretty they are.
That's how my kids eat bananas, cucumbers and sushi. What a nightmare.
Life pro tip: Name your child after a major disaster to prepare them for the realities of life.
On the plus side they're no longer having those fucking mental leap things, on the down side they're throwing 14 tantrums a day over toys and cups and how their damn sandwich is cut.
My stomach stretch marks are not beautiful. I look like an orange peel from my ribs to where they disappear in my pubes. I look like I went three rounds in a ring with Wolverine, with his claws out. My stretch marks are not beautiful, but damn I love them. They show strength. Every stretchmark is a day my kids spent warm and safe in me instead of in an incubator in a sterile hospital room. Every stretch mark is a day I didn't have to leave my children in the NICU in the care of (wonderful) strangers. Every stupid line is well and truly worth the alternative reality. I wear unknown milestones on my flesh, and they are all worth it.
Drop bears? You better believe that's a bear.
I had the twins first. I said I'd have a "big" gap of "like 3 years" between the twins and any younger siblings. The twins turn 5 this year, maybe next year when the kids are in school we'll start discussing a third, but right now I want to toss the kids out a window.
I'm too tempted by the idea of experiencing a singleton to worry about starting again. I always wanted 3-4 kids. But yeah, I don't want them too far apart either, coz like I was 8 before my mum had another kid and that was just bananas.
Not to mention all the posts about "You guys are getting rain!" and having to explain "uh, storms aren't the same as just rain and they could actually make matters way worse". Summer is the worst.
Way to go! I'm still working through the pile of things I had cut before they asked everyone to pause.
As if LA Noir wasn't just a redo of Detective Barbie with the brightness turned down.
The last place I lived in was clearly built in the 70s based on the bathroom. Brown mosaic tiles on the shower floor, brown glass shower walls, mint green tub and sink. I love green, but not for bathroom enamel.
This is how my dad bought beer for all his friends at 16, they lived in a small town so when both my dad and grandpa were showing up weekly to buy a case of beer and some wine, the bottle-shop attendant started worrying my grandpa had a drinking problem. Then my maternal nan went out to check the chooks one morning and the dogs bolted down to the road, leading her to find my dad and one of his mates passed out on their bikes in the gutter. They had tried to visit mum while drunk off their asses. She told the bottle-shop to stop selling to teens claiming it's for their parents.
Yeah, I get Jagged vibes honestly.
Excuse me while I climb in my uncle's suitcase and wait for his family to take a holiday to visit his Chinese in-laws. Also while I make my 9mo cousin a Ladybug costume.
Only I may abuse the thread snips! And only because some asshat tidied my desk and lost my fabric scissors and I really need to trim this corner before I turn it.
My husband uses this phrase far too often for my comfort: "I am your child, not your therapist." It's blunt as fuck, but it drives the point home.
My kids are 4, they can't recite their ABCs, they can't count to 10 consistently. But they're the kids in their class that understand "you don't have to share, no is a complete sentence, consent is vital, explain why you're apologising, and in an emergency find a towel". (The last one isn't necessarily a feminist idea, but Hitchhiker's Guide wasn't wrong, you should always know where your towel is. Plus it gives them something to do when their dad has a seizure.) And sometimes my kids struggle with implementing the other concepts and that's fine, it's nice knowing they have each other to reinforce the ideas and it's not all on me and my husband. The other day my son was having issues with a bully on a playground (I hate school holidays so much), seeing my daughter get in this older kid's face and yell "GO AWAY! YOU HURT HIM! HE DOESN'T LIKE YOU!" was so gratifying.
My grandpa told me "don't get a job in high school, study hard, graduate year 12 and you'll easily get a job in the field you want!" And my dumb ass listened to him. I graduated high school with a good score, high enough to get me into the uni course I had been considering when I started VCE (but I didn't have the prerequisite classes). That didn't get me a job. Neither did two years of admin volunteer work, a hospitality certification, or the business administration certification. I ended up working in manufacturing on a production line three years after I graduated, the job had no room for growth, no security and I quit after finding out I was pregnant (apparently they shut my line down 6 months later anyway). Now I'm almost 30 and looking at studying psychology at uni once my kids are in school. My cousin didn't listen, she got a part time job as soon as she legally could. She's 25 and owns her own home.
My instinct is big sis/little bro, but that's possibly based on my biased experience with my siblings and children. But specifically with the rigging the arm wrestle. "Call my brother a fly-weight? I'll show you a fly-weight!"
Or trying to steal their sibling's boob, even though they have their own. Everything else is realistic. The mum looking like she's about to just start snoring at any second. The kids glaring at anyone who looks at them nursing reminds me of the way my husband couldn't be in the room while I was feeding from about 3-6 months because they would immediately unlatch and stare at him until he left again.
You never propose at someone else's party, if you're going to propose at a party you better been the fucking host. My husband got my best friend at the time to be part of the proposal. Said friend ghosted me within weeks of the engagement.
Seeing all the posts about fruit bats and microbats losing their habitat and food sources due to the bushfires, man I just want to become a bat rescue and snuggle all the babies.
No kidding, I'm using this next month to keep my kids calm on train trips into the city while my husband is in hospital.
When you, as a teen, once flat out said "not even as a rebound". When you were in a relationship for 5 years before the engagement. For the life of me I cannot understand what goes through the minds of these guys.
"Whatever she asks me to."
My grandparents used to own a B&amp;B property with a bunch of cottages. I spent a lot of time alone there as a kid/teen. They had a dam, there was a creek that ran into the dam, just before it got to the dam there a fork in the creek that created a very small isle. The isle was inaccessible to fully grown adults, but as a teen it was my favourite place. Surrounded by trees and water, it was wonderful. I never shared that spot with anyone. My cousins and siblings knew about my hiding place under the willow, but no one ever knew about the isle.
Someone has to make up the petite end of the charts. Someone has to make up the bulky end of the charts. Some people grow big babies that end up petite by the time they're 2 and some people make small babies that thrive and shoot up once they're out. I got comments that my babies were growing "too fast". They were born on the 5th percentile at 37 weeks and shot up to the 85th by 8 months. But that's a trend in my maternal line, starting on the petite side and growing like a weed. Doctors need to look at the family before making dumbass comments.
Singleton parents be like "you need to follow all these stupid rules that fit into my parenting ideal". Parents of multiples be like "hey everyone survived the day? You're nailing it, keep going." No lie, I go to multiples playgroup and all these mums apologise for showing up without makeup or both kids still in pjs or late or some other trivial thing and we're all like "ya made it here, chill". It was so refreshing after two years of singleton groups.
And the military is a whole other kettle of fish too. My father is army. My sister ran away from visitation when my father struck her. My stepmum went to the police, and the cops refused to file her assault charge because the cops on duty were former army. They claimed it was a clear case of "parental discipline of a runaway child".
Putting my kids in daycare for a day a week was the best thing I could do for them. Their speech therapy needs have greatly decreased, they're more confident and they're learning things I just don't have the capacity to teach them. Even the mums at playgroup noticed a difference after just a few months. I also found they don't really get sick all that often like I was told to expect. In the first year we had a case of gastro each, a few colds and that's it. For twins I don't feel like it's all that bad. Plus it's been great for my mental health having that time to take a break and get things done unassisted.
Ya just got to sing along. "Toss some jizz to your missus..."
On Friday I was on the phone to a government agency to yell about something they screwed up. I'd been on hold for an hour and had just gotten through when a friend of hubby's showed up and they took the kids out for a walk so I could talk uninterrupted. They took the kids to the park, then did a quick grocery run. I had over an hour to myself to deal with the government agency and then get the kids on a wait list to see a psychologist to deal with their current sleep issues. Given hubby's going in for brain surgery next week, it was so nice just to have that tiny bit of time to myself to get something sorted.
My friend did this three years ago... She was just chubby and wanted a car that would be more comfortable for her dog.
I worked manufacturing for a few years around the age of 20, my response to all sexual harassment was "how old is your daughter again?" Quickest way to give any man between the age of 40 and 60 emotional whiplash. Once I got them through that little hurdle, suddenly they would treat me (and the other women) like a normal damn human being. The tactic doesn't work on younger dudes, but the old guys had my back. I once had an issue where a new spotwelder kept hitting on me, despite me saying "I'm not interested", "I'm taken", and "you repulse me, fuck off". A forklift driver saw one day and went "oh, I can fix this", he kept creeping on the spotwelder's personal space and flirting back whenever he overheard comments that were directed at me. It was great. I miss that old bloke.
The "small" wins are still rad. My great-grandma divorced her first husband. She kept the house, car, bank contents and kids. She outlived both him and her second (very lovely) husband. Her name is my daughter's middle name.
"Do you have a problem with alcohol?" "Oh no, I'm just bad at remembering to hydrate."
Hey. I didn't realised I had a secondary account. You know you have a potty mouth when forklift drivers gasp like they need a fainting couch.
My grandma is 98. She only had four kids when she divorced and was self-sufficient as a seamstress and child-minder. I have some pieces she's sewn, knit and embroidered over the years. I cherish them. She's always so warm and lovely.
As a former cosplayer... yes. On the plus side, I bought way too much fabric for my first cosplay and had burgundy cotton lycra to use as fit testers and kid clothes for almost a decade afterwards. Also that shitty cosplay got me my husband, so yay.
Me that time my blueberry plant started growing berries... before my kids decided that they needed to taste the unripe berries... jerks. Every time I see the wild section of my back yard I'm like "this is good. I am Persephone, wild and untamed goddess of spring. I am not sad that I have stepped on spikey blackberry bastards again, I am proud of nature's adaptation and self-preservation skills. This is good."
I don't even like blueberries, they're for the kids (because damn berries are expensive here). I'm thinking my next plant baby should be raspberries. I love raspberries, and I can't find raspberry leaf tea anywhere anymore.
Our wild section is between the house and side fence, the apple tree branches block access in the summer months, so it just becomes a free-for-all for weeds. Our yard can't grow grass to save itself, but it's good for now. We'll need something larger soon as the kids grow.
My husband had a section of skull removed last year following a bone infection. He was prescribed narcotic pain meds by the hospital. Our GP denied him a repeat script. He had a section of skull missing and was adjusting to the sensation of gravity impacting on his brain and our doctor denied him pain management. Didn't offer an alternative, flat out denied him. I went back in with hubby the next day, slammed the old pack on the desk, gave the GP the name and contact details of the surgeon and said we weren't leaving without a pain management plan and a disabled parking sticker.
It's very high on my list of "shit I never want to experience, thanks".
I cut my father from my life ultimately on Christmas 2014. He was neglectful and disrespectful to me, he struck my little sister and gave my brother an eating disorder. He will never get a chance to harm my children that way. It still hurts, but I know I set an example to my siblings that they didn't need to tolerate his bullshit. It still upsets me knowing we have a baby sibling we'll never meet (a child with his current wife/third baby mama), but it's great that my grandparents are on my side, even when the trash talking great-aunt gets started on "blood is thicker than water".
It's like if Ladybug was a Spawn fan rather than a Spider-man fan.
My mum left her abusive ex when I was 14. She and I packed and left in under 12 hours while he was spending the day with his family. There were things my mother deemed to not be urgent and that they could wait. Her key chain collection (they were chained together and we used to decorate the Christmas tree with it), and my fish tank were among the items lost. I'm mad about the key chains because it was mums stupid adorable hobby and we don't know what happened to it. But the fish tank hurts. My uncle made it, he's a glazier, it had a leak and we were waiting for him to visit and patch it up. Mum's ex smashed it to pieces when he came home and found we'd left.
Some people see it as a special bond, some people see it just as a mode of transport, and there's a whole world in between. None of these are the wrong way to feel. I had the same thing about who could feed my babies bottles of expressed milk. Hubby was fine, my mum was fine, no one else unless it was an emergency. With carriers I found my issue wasn't with other people carrying my babies, it was a fear that they didn't know how to do so safely. Once I bought a meh dai for friends and family to use, I wasn't so bothered.
No, we decided we were done with fish at that point. But we're in a good place, mum is in a wonderful relationship with a lovely bloke. Her ex has issues with drugs and his mental health. He's still an awful person and it's cost him his relationship with his daughters, and I think that was enough of a wake up call for him to put in some effort with his sons. But my brothers also have healthy boundaries and leave immediately if they suspect he's under the influence.
Golden staph. Actually it was December 2018, I keep forgetting that wasn't just last year. He picked it up either from his neurosurgery or from having his surgical staples removed (which is more likely given the time frame of symptom onset). He didn't respond to antibiotics after 24 hours so his surgeon said the best way to kick the infection was to remove the infected material and then pump him full of antibiotics to prevent it taking hold elsewhere. He's going in for reconstruction next week (our hospital has some issues with the surgery wait lists).
No one says that kind of shit to empty nesters whose kids have grown up and moved the fuck out. No one tells my grandpa he doesn't need a three bedroom apartment. Or that he's being selfish using one of the bedrooms as a study. No one told my grandparents that they didn't need a family home. I've never known them to have less than three bedrooms. No one tells them they should sell their house and just live in their campervan, no one says they're silly for letting my sister live with them while she's at uni.
Schedule upcoming therapy appointments for the kids, work on my sister's wedding cross stitch, read the kids a story, mop the floor...
I found out about Lilith because of The Lion the Witch and the Wardrobe. I was inspired to read up on her because of The Witch of Cologne. She's the OG bad bitch.
My best friend's dog ate her science homework. She had a note from her mother and photographic evidence. The teacher gave her detention. I went to the year coordinator, explained why my friend was in detention, handed her the note. Year coordinator called friend's mum, then went to our class to rip into our science teacher for wrongly giving a student detention. It wasn't the first or last time her dog ate something important. The worst instance was when she ripped a cosplay to shreds two days before a convention.
Little Frog is a good starter wrap, the lines run the length of the wrap, so it's really easy to correct slack points. I had one for my first and I loved it, my cousin bought it second hand and it was really cheap (I think it was AU$80 for a size 7), and when I sold it it went really fast. They're absolute work horses.
"To sell the hero worship illusion, Marinette needs to look at Ladybug the same way she looks at Chat Noir... ah yes, soft love, perfect."
I have a friend who is libertarian. She votes minor parties with strong right leanings (which here actually has a little weight given the preferential voting system). She thinks our government is fundamentally broken and that the system needs to be destroyed and built again from the ground up (not necessarily that it should all be privatized, just that it's broken and it's easier to build new than to fix the issues). Honestly the older I get, the more I lean towards the same idea. We've had 6 Prime Ministers since I hit voting age. Going back 6 PMs before that brings me to the year my mother was born. We've had the same number of PMs in the past 12 years than we've had in the four decades prior. My kids have already surpassed the number of PMs that I experienced in my childhood, and they're not yet 5!
I quit at 11 weeks. I had all my complications in the first trimester, HG, unexplained bleeding, and my uterus was pressing against my spine crushing a nerve that ran down my leg making it impossible to walk, I spent the first trimester on crutches. I also worked in a factory and fell pregnant in spring, so I was looking at leaving at Christmas break anyway, the summer heat would have been dangerous for me.
The one my husband's in is like 50% "Bro my mental health is shit, but no one is taking me seriously because only mums get PPD", 30% "look at the dumb shit my kids did" and 20% "this is why you keep a first aid kit close by when your kids do dumb shit".
Your comment was valid, it's not something people generally think about until they experience it. I've had a miscarriage terminated through my hospital and it didn't occur to me until three years later that, even in Australia, an abortion costs money. It's around $500 to be exact, which may be cheaper than the US, but it's still much more than a low income person/family could afford out of pocket. My miscarriage was covered under Medicare, but abortions aren't covered fully. You didn't intrude, and hopefully you're now a little more aware so if someone in your life needs your support you can give it to them.
Oh even when the country is taking care of their medical needs, there's other stuff to care about. My husband set up a GFM in 2018 to cover my travel costs and activities for the kids while he was in hospital having brain surgery.
I told people we weren't announcing the names before the birth because it's an introduction, not an opinion poll. We left out that everyone important knew my daughter's name already, because I'd adored the name since I was a tiny toddler. My son however didn't have a middle name until he was 4 days old, because apparently boy names are difficult. I'm going to drive everyone crazy next kid, coz unless it's twins again, I don't plan on finding out the sex.
Well, Toothless' behaviours were modeled after an animator's cat apparently.
I conceived just after a D&amp;C, I wasn't supposed to try that cycle due to the D&amp;C, and I figured since I had a negative ovulation test the day before that ovulation was at least a few days away. Nope, had sex and 10 minutes later got the darkest ovulation test ever, didn't think it would take since it took us 6 months to conceive the pregnancy we had just lost. Got a positive test the day my period was due, but also started bleeding. Went to my GP thinking it was a chemical pregnancy and she'd want to monitor me, but my HCG quadrupled in the 48 hours between blood tests. I took a digital test to show my husband when the doctor told me I was definitely pregnant, and it showed 3+ weeks since ovulation so that was when I suspected multiples. Doc ordered a dating scan at 6+5 due to the high HCG and bleeding, suspecting either a hematoma or a blighted ovum. Instead we had two happy little blips and no known reason for my bleeding. I stopped bleeding just before the 12 week mark, carried them until 37+4 and they're 5yo next week.
It depends greatly on your kids' personalities. Mine are 5 next week and we still have issues with them bolting, particularly our son, he's a slow runner, but he runs in the most dangerous directions. Highly recommend those baby backpack leashes, single strollers and toddler carriers. The combination of those three things kept me sane and my kids safe, especially whenever my husband or the kids had hospital appointments in the actual city (we're in the suburbs of Melbourne, going into the city was fairly common occurrence for us before COVID).
Actually walked down the aisle to the Imperial March. It made me feel like I could kill a man... Then I saw everyone in the pews and my social anxiety kicked in and I almost jogged down the aisle. I now understand why most people have someone walk with them.
I haven't had my kids' hair cut more than trims yet, and they're 5 next week. For me it was "well that shit can be scary so I'll wait until they ask". Apparently this is more controversial than "I want it long" in some parenting circles, how dare I give my children autonomy from the start! My daughter has waist length hair that is being cut off to a bob the day after her birthday at her request, and my son's hair is to the middle of his back, he just wants his regular trim.
We have one in our yard from when night roadworks blocked off our one way street two doors down from my house. The roadworks were at the other end of the street 400m away. We never got notice they were completely closing our street for three nights. I had to go out at 9pm to pick up an emergency medication and there was nothing, but when I got back at 10pm with two sleeping babies the road was blocked. The blockade was unmanned so my husband stole a cone and told me to pull into our garage. I also have a solid strip of paint from where I tripped over a lane marker that had peeled off the road.
My daughter is pretty hyped about her haircut. We're getting our hair done at the same time coz mine's hit that length where it hurts to have in a ponytail (we're in an area with no active cases, so hairdressers are open). I'm worried she won't like it short, but it's hair, it grows back, it's the best thing to play with and with her starting school next year this it the time where she has the most freedom without having to conform to other people's rules. My son likes his long hair, hates having it washed, but he's loves having it brushed and styled. It's lovely, he has really fine blonde hair.
My 17yo brother: "I'm gonna yeet it out the window." My 28yo "yeet"-loving self: "Dude, just say defenestrate."
I was telling my husband about our daughter playing around at bedtime last night and I was like "just as son was falling asleep she was like mum... there's a spider on the wall." and apparently while I was saying this, the combination of me staring at a random spot on the wall and the length of the pause made my husband whip around to look at the wall. He thought I'd been distracted by a spider on the wall.
In Australia you see your GP as soon as you know for bloodwork to confirm the pregnancy, check your blood type, immunity to MMR, and your iron/vit D levels. You will find doctors who go "oh your period isn't due yet, so you're not technically pregnant", they suck, find a new doctor if you get one of those. (My cycle is 24 days long, not 28, I've heard it twice now. I will not be returning to either of those doctors.) With my history I'm contemplating rocking up to the emergency room with my next pregnancy to skip all the messing around with my GP. I need to get bloodwork and ultrasounds as soon as I know to rule out another ectopic.
Get out of here, Dolarhyde!
It's entirely dependant on you and the baby and all kinds of stuff. You'll go through days where bub will feed for 2 minutes and then not want to nurse again for four hours, and days where your partner will go to work and come home to find you still in the same spot on the couch because bubs is cluster feeding from a growth spurt or illness. I suggest a good waterbottle, a netflix subscription, and the comfiest spot on the couch.
Mine look better than they did pre-pregnancy due to the redistribution of body fat, they hang a bit lower, but they're also bigger (because I got fat mostly). They did look like I was smuggling sacks of golf balls for the first few months because of an oversupply, but they calmed down eventually. There's a lot of variation on the changes that can occur, and any kind of sagging is usually due to the hormonal changes from pregnancy, not breastfeeding (it's why my aunt's tit's are down to her belly button despite her not breastfeeding either of her children). If you talk to women in your family they may be able to give you clues on what to expect, but take their ages and number of kids into consideration as those variables can impact on what changes they note.
I found the people who commented on my breastfeeding either had insecurities about their own breastfeeding experiences (or lack thereof) or had never been exposed to breastfeeding and therefore thought it was weird.
Fun fact, surgeons in Australia are titled Mr or the preferred variant of Ms and are ranked higher than doctors in title heirachy. So if you are a female surgeon with a doctor husband, your mail should be addressed Ms &amp; Dr. (Now I want to ask my husband's neurosurgeon if he knows any women in surgery that go by Mr.)
If they had two placentas, they could have fused as they've grown if they were close together to begin with. As far as I understand it, if they have proof the pregnancy began as di/di then it won't increase the risks, but if they don't have early proof they have to treat the pregnancy as mo/di with all the associated risk monitoring. My mum has a friend who had boy/girl twins with a fused placenta, so when my placentas came out separately, mum was floored, she thought all twins had one placenta.
People don't tell you, you will mix them up too. I had a few late night nappy changes where I'd be like "oops, penis! I've been calling you the wrong name for like 15 minutes!" For me the hardest thing was people were happy to volunteer "help" while I was pregnant, but people expected me to tell them when I needed help. I was so exhausted and working so hard just to keep us all alive I didn't have processing power spare to contact people and say "hey, can you come over and mop for me? Or fold my laundry?" And the relationship strain. I was so touched out with breastfeeding that I didn't want my husband to touch me, I wouldn't even hold his hand walking down the street. It took me about a year to sort of even out from my post-partum mental health concerns, now the kids are 5 and like to yell "eww disgusting" when we start smooching, it all comes back eventually.
I want another kid. Hubby wants another kid. But at this point, I've lost both my singleton pregnancies and we're making dark jokes that I can only carry twins. Contact your care provider, tell them you have a history of twins and you want a dating scan ASAP. You might have a two-three week wait until you're far enough along for anything to show up, but at least you can find out early and prepare yourself if it is twins again. With my latest pregnancy, my husband spent two weeks ribbing me that it was twins again while I bemoaned the idea. It was funny to me, but I really don't think I could handle twins again. I think the next kid is our last.
When my twins were newborns I ran diaper laundry every day. We had a small washer, and they were heavy wetters. By about 6 months I was doing laundry every 36 hours, then we upgraded our washing machine and it dropped to every other day. We had some of everything, pockets, snap-in inserts, sewn in inserts, snaps, Velcro, fitteds, PUL covers, wool covers. Try as many different styles as you can. If something doesn't work for your family there's a whole second hand market for cloth diapers (which is also great for purchasing).
Police violence at a protest against police conduct? I'm fucking shocked. /s
Well add this to the list of reasons I think my best friend should ignore her therapist's dumb idea to buy candles and make them instead.
"I'm in your house and I will kill you." "Bruh, mood."
Depends on the kids. My 5yo b/g twins are still sharing a bed, not just a room. My mates who are identical twins shared a room until they were 10, then would have regular sleep overs in each other's rooms until they moved out of home. They still regularly sleep over at each other's places and snuggle when one's partner is out for the night.
There's typically a growth spurt that occurs around 6 weeks, you may be experiencing cluster feeding. It's something they do to increase your supply to support them through growth spurts. They're common during physical spurts, mental developmental spurts and in the early stages of illness (which is partly to do with the nutrition and partly to do with the immune boost from nursing). I used to just hunker down with netflix and some snacks at let them feed as they needed.
This isn't the best advice. Babies will often take a bottle after nursing even if they're full, which can overfill their bellies causing them to take a longer gap between feeds or drink less at the next feed. (This is a common suggestion for singletons around 8 weeks, it's why none of my siblings or cousins were breastfed beyond 3 months.)
But it's really easy to fuck up using birth control. I mean most people know antibiotics are contraindicated with oral birth control, but no one told me that it also negates the nuva-ring, I had to go searching for that info. And things like grapefruit and St John's Wort are contraindicated to hormonal birth control but no one tells you that. There's probably a ton of medications, herbal supplements or foods that can knock it out that we haven't researched yet. There's also different doses for the pills, so finding the one that works may require trial and error. Plus birth control pills have different windows of perfect use, the combined pill is pretty forgiving (2 hour window), but the minipill is a bit of traffic or a sleep in away from fucking your shit up (1 hour). I dunno. I feel like there's not enough education about birth control.
A week late? I need an ultrasound by the time I'm a week late. Get out of here. A week late.
Technically I'm gonna say Timebreaker and Gamer count for actually vanishing people. And obviously Chat Blanc. Edit. Just realised you meant the Street Fighter character. Not the Miraculous Ladybug villains.
While heavily pregnant I told them I needed my "wife's" permission to talk to strangers. My best friend was helping my husband assemble my rocking chair, she called out "if you're not going to help me build this, shut the door and order a pizza". We didn't get bothered at that address again.
I had a booklet under my door when I got home from visiting my grandparents this week. I get that restrictions have eased where I am, but why are they out?
How Roman of her.
I get a different kind of pressure headaches, I can't wear headbands/headphones and my glasses because the pressure on my skull behind my ears irritates a nerve and triggers a headache. (Edit: I wasn't done yet, bloody mobile formatting.) So if I'm in video chat for work, I have to pick between seeing what's on my screen or hearing what everyone is saying or both but agony.
My husband had "migraines" diagnosed as a child, a decade later he had a seizure and they found the adult fist sized brain tumour causing his pain.
**Keep an emergency bag in the car:** For babies I recommend cloth diapers (all-in-one or all-in-two style, one-size-fits-most) so you never have to worry about them outgrowing them, a wetbag for soiled items, and a couple sizes of pjs (every other size is fine, they won't care if their clothes are a little roomy). For toddlers/preschoolers I keep spare underwear, some leggings, shirts and hoodies. Generally the bag also contains a pram blanket, a spare adult shirt, some hand towels, handkerchiefs, baby wipes and the first aid kit. We also have a second bag with story books, colouring equipment and some small toys (Polly Pocket, fidget toys, hotwheels etc). We've used this bag for husband's hospital trips, the kids' emergency room trips for stitches, the toy bag gets brought along to clinic hospital appointments, the clothes have been used for mud accidents at playgroup. **Grow with me clothes**. If you can sew, or want to learn, Max &amp; Meena patterns have three or four, everything by Apple Tree patterns and the Forever Fit Joggers by Halla patterns. Those are all my favourites. Basically it guarantees your kids will destroy the clothes before they outgrow them, my kids have worn the same 6 pairs of pants to daycare for the last two years despite growing about 20cm in that time.
I swear the spray stuff is just tequila. It smells like bad decisions I made at 17.
Fucking hell why don't target sell vitamins in Australia? Fucking elevit is $60 p/100 (and of course they're the only brand I can stomach). This is the price we pay for socialised healthcare.
My sister on the phone earlier "we're getting married on [date] because [boring and meaningless event] happens then and again 9 months later so our baby is going to have that for their birthday!" Me: "yeah, I'm recovering from an ectopic, apparently I have some scarring from that infection I got after my missed miscarriage."
Does he snore? If he does, he might need to be assessed by an ENT, he could have obstructive apnoea from his adenoids or his tonsils. My son was just shy of 3yo when he had his adenoids out, it was like night and day, he went from waking every 1-2 sleep cycles to waking once a night.
2.79kg and 2.9kg (which is apparently 6lb2oz and 6lb7oz) at 37+4. I didn't sleep for the last two weeks of my pregnancy, I existed on catnaps between pee breaks. And I gave up on pants and underwear about 5 days before my induction because I just could not reach my knees.
Breastfeeding is entirely possible, but you need the right supports. If you have a local multiple birth group, check in with them and see if they have a breastfeeding support person. If they do she may be able to help you with pump hire, locating a lactation consultant with twin experience, listen to you vent and help you troubleshoot issues. You'll rock at this no matter what you choose to do.
I would prefer to avoid my birthday month, and the two boom months in my family if possible (but I won't try very hard to avoid them).
Jfc. My best friend is child-free but she's not an ass. She has major anxiety any time I tell her what I'm going through, and what I know about pregnancy complications in general. She doesn't get why I want kids knowing the risks involved, but she's very happy to be the rich lesbian aunt. She sent me so much chocolate before we found out my ectopic was bunk that I'm still working my way through it a month later!
Having pain in my calf. Logically I know I'm dehydrated, I did a lot of walking yesterday, I was sitting on my leg just before bed and I sometimes get cramps in cold weather. But also I just realised I don't remember getting this when I'm not on combined birth control. If the pain doesn't go away today I'll make a doctor appointment for tomorrow. I wish I didn't have to be on nuva ring right now.
Anything's a cactus if you're brave enough - Abe Lincoln.
The day my husband proposed we were at a cafe and I got one of those cupcakes for kids because it had a Batman ring in it, I joked that that's how he should propose to me, because who doesn't like cupcakes? He proposed that night at my birthday party when we brought the cake out.
I found the perfect ring on sale one day while out shopping, told my then boyfriend of four years that it was wildly cheap and it was perfect, he told me to snag it. I popped it in his underwear drawer and he surprised me with the proposal 6 months later. We both knew we wanted to get married, the fact I bought the ring doesn't make it any less special.
She's a tiny baby child. If she had intervened we would have two people dead from the brutality of those men. She did the best she could while keeping herself safe. She deserves a medal and a lifetime supply of therapy and icecream.
All I've learned from this is that I'm a cryptid.
Good, don't.
Sometimes you have to bake the cake you wish to see in the world.
Probably shouldn't have used a dimension canon just to get snacks.
They're comparing your little man to a bub that was born full term and had the time to build fat cells before birth. That's bull and a half. Also not all babies get chubby rolls (my brother and sister never did, they were both term, it's just to do with genetics). Some babies are skinny little things and that's fine. Next time they tell you to change how you're feeding, tell them to take a long walk off a short pier. Or if you're being nice, tell them to take it up with your paediatrician.
Is there a word like ostentatious or gaudy but like in a loving manner? Like this hurts my eyes but I adore it, this is obnoxious in the same way as my favourite shade of pink. It's a work of art!
There is nothing in this shaming formula feeding. It's a joke about a character who claims to have drunk giant's milk and a character who was breastfed until 8ish (if I'm recalling his age correctly from the books).
The only acceptable reason for "seizure salad" is if an epileptic tossed it during a fit.
I didn't want my husband to touch me for the first year just in case my birth control didn't work. I was flipping terrified of the risk of four under 2. We had a loss last month, it was heartbreaking and made us realise just how much we wanted another baby. Our kids just turned 5 and as soon as I'm recovered we're trying again.
I'm studying psych and when my kid's paediatrician gave me the results of his genetics microarray I looked it up in my uni's library. Contrary the the doctor's claim that it's statistically insignificant I found the gene is linked to ASD (what we're getting kiddo assessed for) and a congenital heart defect (which there's a midline defect that runs in my family, so if this is the responsible gene, that could mean my son and I are carriers and would explain my first pregnancy loss). Having trustworthy sources to access is way more fun than blogs and stuff.
Just casually give them a call asking what the fuck they're doing sitting around with their thumbs in their asses.
I went in expecting my kids to have fun. I came out with a new passion for superhero films. It's one of those films where I can watch weekly and not get sick of it. My kids get sick of it before me.
Ooh, same, except mine is eye goo from an infected tear duct.
I deleted the comment, and when they texted my mum to ask if I got their message I told her exactly what they sent. She's going to sass them into oblivion for me. She knows what I'm going through and not to share it. I'm imagining a stern "Asking someone about when they're going to have unprotected sex is not a birthday greeting!"
Worse, I set my mum on them.
I bought about 8 proper premature baby clothes (like 1-2kg sizing), I sent them to a mate who was expecting trips when I hit 34 weeks. Early baby size I had maybe 20 outfits, my bubs were born at 37+4 and only wore those maybe 4 days. Newborn we had 40ish pairs of pjs, and they lasted a month. After that my kids started blowing through sizes as they grew (they jumped from 5th percentile at birth to 90th by 8 months).
Seeing the GI doc is your best bet, they can rule out medical conditions that could be causing his issues. Otherwise, talking to a speech pathologist may be worth a shot, they work through feeding issues as well as it's all surrounding the muscles of the jaw and throat. Alternatively, it could be behavioural/neurological with something along the lines of autism spectrum disorder. We're investigating the autism side of things for my son, he's a fussy eater and since he had his ENT surgery two years ago he's been going down the percentiles on the weight chart. Doctors don't seem to be worried, but we're still doing some investigations anyway.
With the idea of having two only, pros to twins: - one pregnancy and you're done - they always have a playmate - having twins feels like you get judged less for your parenting choices (in my experience, anyway) Cons to twins: - the pregnancy is higher risk than singletons - it's really stressful - you need double the gear, there's rarely any hand-me-down value between the kids Kids close very together (from my experience as the much older sibling) pros: - after the first year, they always have a playmate - after the first year they're in fairly similar developmental phases - hand-me-downs get used again almost immediately Close together cons: - having two pregnancies close together can be very stressful on your body (this varies based on your first pregnancy and birth) - you still need to double up on some things - people can be judgy AF I feel like experiencing my brothers being so close together prepared me for the toddler/preschool age of twins, but that newborn phase was very different.
My aunt tried for 7 years to get her eldest. Everyone asked when she'd have another and she flatly told them she never wanted to go through that again. It took her 5 years to decide she did want a second, but if it didn't happen in the first year, it wasn't happening at all. Even after her second boy, she still sometimes gets asked when she's having a girl, even though she had her tubes done. Thankfully that side of my family is chill and doesn't say shit to me.
We used to do a cheap umbrella stroller and a carrier for grocery store trips. That way if I ended up over-encumbered I could pop them both in a double trolley and the umbrella stroller didn't take up too much basket space.
It worked for speech for our kids. Threw them in daycare where they had no choice but to learn how to talk and their speech came leaps and bounds (it's definitely helped more than speech therapy has). Unfortunately, with things like swimming, that would mean swim lessons which are crazy expensive even if you've only got one kid doing them.
Her transformation sequence is just a straight rip of Lin getting dressed.
I had twins, by the time I was induced I had retained fluid up to my ribs. I'm bloody glad they left the catheter in overnight, the poor nurses had to empty the bag out every two hours because the fluid was shifting so fast, reckon I lost a good 15L that first night.
Do you have a multiple birth group you can reach out to? If they have a breastfeeding support person, she could give you more hands on support (depending on restrictions in your area) or specialised help to meet your goals (like contact details for local IBCLCs that have experience with twins). I'm the breastfeeding support for my local group, so if you're Aussie definitely reach out to AMBA and find your local group. You can also just google "IBCLC near me" and most countries have websites were you can look for a local consultant. Could you try a [supplemental nursing system](https://www.breastfeeding.asn.au/bf-info/using-breastfeeding-supplementer)? You tape it to your nipple, so bubs will (hopefully) latch and still get the formula supplementation, but it also stimulates breastmilk production at the same time. You can also pair them with nipple shields. Your goals are important, and having the right support is key. This is a rough time to be a new parent with isolation preventing us from getting help. You're not failing, you are doing the best you can with the support and information you have at the moment, and by reaching out you can gain new support and information to meet your goals.
Not really what your asking, but a reddit post of mine went viral on Facebook, it was a thread about "mom groups" and their nonsense and a few of my friends and family were sharing it as a laugh with no idea that I had participated. The highlight was my comment was mocking mom's who use "Baltic amber teething necklaces" (choking hazard on at least two levels, not smart, don't put jewellery on a baby or toddler) and try to sell them. One of my cousins shared it and pointed out my comment claiming I was attacking her. She was right. I was attacking her, it's what she gets for trying to sell me shit that isn't scientifically proven or even safe on a basic level.
They probably have a tree. Citrus trees are great if you know enough people to eat all the fruit.
I love the way zoomers try to defuse uncomfortable situations with dark humour. I'm way older than my siblings so I get to experience it a lot. My brother walked in when I was telling mum about my most recent loss, he replied "I'm sorry your potential human tried to kill you... Again." made a sandwich and went back to his room. My great-nan mentioned that in her day ectopics were deadly, and my sister replied "yeah, she could have died too, but she chose life. Like a *coward*." They mean well, and I certainly appreciate that sort of thing more than "you can try again", "it's god's plan".
My shitbag father cheated on his wife of over a decade with a girl half his age (he was 40, she was 20). To make matters worse, the girl was my age. I ripped into him for the absolute disrespect he showed my stepmother, their children and myself. And then I ripped into him for the inappropriate and predatory age gap by asking him if he was going to go after girls the ages of my younger sisters when this one got "too old". When my stepmother called to tell me the news I offered to fly up with my Louisville and help her re-enact Before He Cheats.
I hate the 12 week rule, it's bullshit, nothing is ever certain. People should announce whenever they feel comfortable. But personally I don't do well with people knowing I'm in pain. So I didn't want to announce early the first time, my husband told a few friends because he was excited and it backfired. This time around we told my bestie and she copped the brunt of my "I'm bleeding, everything is terrible, how can people see a positive test and just be like, ah yes everything is going smoothly no need to doubt my fertility. Textbook pregnancies are Fake News" rants until we got confirmation that it wasn't happening.
Ah, Sir Arthur Conan Doyle, I see you've returned from the dead. Good show.
I asked my nan for her ham hock soup recipe. This bitch is huge, it makes like 10L takes three days and is the tastiest fucking thing I've ever eaten. It's the thing she used to make every time my mum had a baby, she'd fill our freezer and it would guarantee that mum always had something filling to eat. It took her 18 months to give me the recipe and it's so vague I'm certain she's missing 80% of the ingredients. She basically wrote "1-2 ham hocks, a fuckton of water, a bag of frozen veggies". Uh, ok. Seasoning? Barley? I'm certain I recall there being barley in that soup. I asked my chef uncle and he has no idea what she's done with the original recipe or how to recreate it without the original to compare to. We can't even get her to show us how to make it because what she gave us is the current recipe. So now I'm scouring op shops hoping for some local CWA or vintage family recipe books that might give me a better starting point for my own soup.
We're in the process of getting my son assessed, and we're intending to request an assessment for our daughter. Ours are 5yo and their speech is severely delayed (on par with 2-3yos). We've never had the stripping and poop play, but I've heard good things from parents putting onesies under kids' pants, or putting sleep suits on backwards so they can't be undone. When our son started stripping his diaper off I took it as him showing readiness to toilet train, he was 2y5m at the time and he did really well with it. With other messes I make them help me clean up. It both prevents them from intentionally making messes, and reduces the risk of them melting down at an accident (redirection works wonders). It might not be the best to have her mop up poop, but things like soft toys and soiled laundry, she can help with soaking/loading into the washing machine. It'd definitely a behaviour you should address with your care team. There's a lot of reasons kids do this kind of thing. Psych, OT, speech, paed or someone may have some suggestions on management methods or possible causes.
Yes, but it's drawn on with sharpie.
Thanks, I just inhaled hummus.
I have a full bug-out bag in my car because my family spends a lot of time in hospitals. My emergency room stash was my Close Pop-Ins, I liked the diapers, they were really good, but my kids figured out how to take Velcro diapers off at like 6 months old and they were just not suitable for regular use. I regret not holding onto the robot print one when I sold them. The next kid's car diapers are gonna be some fitteds, just so I don't have to worry about the PUL delaminating in the summer heat.
Since the placenta doesn't start developing until 4-5 weeks (after you'd likely have a positive test), drinking during the TWW is unlikely to do any damage because there's no blood flow between you and a fetus. But that said, *ahem* "drink responsibly" and stay well hydrated.
I stopped drinking for the TWW when we first started trying... Then realised I didn't like drinking and started worrying that I was drinking out of habit and would end up an alcoholic like my father. So, yeah. No one can try to guess if I'm pregnant based on whether or not I'm drinking if I gave it up.
This year has been a hell of a decade.
Tikki is a nightmare. But I want Plagg.
I was looking forward to indoor play centres reopening with their restrictions as it's getting too cold to go to the park. My community group was optimistic about us reopening playgroup in term 3. My son's hospital clinic appointments are finally returning to face-to-face sessions. Now I won't be supporting the play centres when they reopen because there's active cases in my area again. Playgroup will likely be postponed until term 4, which will harm the vulnerable parents in our community. I won't be asking my mother to babysit my daughter during my son's appointments because I'm too concerned about the risks if mum catches it. Hell, there was a case at my GP clinic. I need to go in and get a booster shot, but I'm petrified of the risks if I do. We should be over this, but Big W's still doing the toy sale, everyone's gearing up for EOFYS and I can't leave the house to get groceries if we run out of milk on a weekend because the local shops are packed like it's early December!
"Can I have that in writing so I can demand a refund if you're wrong?"
I had an inline-pram mostly. I found it was great for the early stages because people didn't realise I had a second baby in there. and it was super easy to maneuver through stores. Once they got to walking it sort of became an issue because I was constantly dealing with moving the kids in and out and risking it tipping, but it was great when they were able to balance one walking, one resting. We had a side-by-side for a year or so. It was really good for longer trips where we'd need more stuff. But when the kids were walking it was just so bulky and difficult.
My great-grandmother is on her last legs and I can't visit her because of COVID, so I have family reaching out to see how I'm coping with the news and I don't want to tell anyone "hey yeah, I'm not sad about that, you just called while I was having a cry about the miscarriage I went through 6 weeks ago because someone suggested a dumb baby name to me as a joke".
I just had one in May. My HCG was very low for my dates, but not low enough to concern my doctor, then I started bleeding. My GP didn't really take it seriously, told me it was implantation or a hematoma, and told me to wait until I was 8 weeks along for my dating scan. I had an increase in bleeding over the weekend and went to the hospital, they ordered bloods and a scan. The ultrasound tech was lovely and handled everything for getting me readmitted to emergency when she couldn't get a hold of the miscarriage team. If you've ever had a reproductive infection (not just chlamydia, I had an infection due to a missed miscarriage), it's definitely something to mention to a doctor when you get pregnant so they can take it seriously and monitor you closely until viability is established. Because I chose the meds and not to have the tube removed, my plan next time involves thousands of blood tests and early ultrasounds.
Nurses are supposed to be great with gallows humour. When I had my methotrexate shot the OB popped the needle in the regular sharps box instead of the special sharps box that was sitting on his trolley. For a moment he stared at the special box and then whispered "oops" and I fucking lost it, absolutely cackled laughing at him. He told the nurse and she was like "welp, too late to do anything about it now".
No. Don't do it. Wanting to access medical care isn't a good reason to bring a child into the world, and isn't guaranteed to convince a doctor to perform a hysterectomy (one of my mates had three kids and her doctor refused to refer her because she was under 25, her husband got his snip done instead). I'd suggest a good psych to help you manage your dysphoria and help you sort out your reproductive choices, because a hysterectomy is a big choice (just like having a kid is).
Worth it
Pintrest is not a source.
Clearly you've never seen a sugar glider. Who wouldn't want a farm of those tiny adorable babies?
"Sorry could we take a break? I'm suddenly aware of my sock seam."
I thought they meant my uncle Syd. I was wondering why he was suddenly an expert they'd consult.
In high school we had a Muslim classmate in PE who wore a hijab, she always waited until everyone else had changed before she would enter the locker room to put on her gear. One day I popped back in to grab my inhaler and she was crying because she snapped her last hair tie. I had spare hair ties and helped her braid her hair to keep it off her neck. I still remember our teacher walking in and being super confused that I was helping her out. Like she thought I was gonna be a jerk and pick on the girl coz she had a different culture to me.
Any kind of message from the gods is an ill omen if you're atheist.
I was a bit chubby when I got pregnant, I could see the bloating around 8 weeks (and had to start wearing maternity clothes at that stage), my belly popped around 10 weeks, and I was clearly showing by 13 weeks when we started telling people.
Told this to my 5yo. He said "hey! I don't eat monkeys!"
I borrowed a couple Dahl audio books from my local library so my kids could fall asleep listening to them and I wouldn't wreck my voice reading chapter upon chapter. I loved it more than the kids did. Matilda is the most brutal mockery of adults. Charlie and the Chocolate Factory, when they adapted it to film they took all the horror that was spread across the whole story and just crammed it into the boat scene. There's a lot to those books that makes them fun for adults to read to their children.
Reminds me of when my nan used to fill mum's station wagon with empty VB and lemonade cans. Just crushed down garbage bags full, once or twice a year and send her off to Sims Recycling to cash in a couple hundred bucks.
I've found in my experience, the people who push that you have to stop breastfeeding tend to have unresolved issues surrounding their own parenting choices and want you to "fail" in the same way they did. Those who feel confident in the decisions they made don't feel like they have to nag you about it. I found confronting the naysayers was a quick way to at least get them to leave me alone about it. My aunt was convinced the women in our family couldn't produce enough milk, due to the poor information she and my mother received when they had babies. I told her I had different information and better supports, and the choices I make as a mother don't impact on her or the choices she made.
"Ladies, gentlemen, those beyond binary gender, and personally assigned government agents." (saves this thread for future family event speeches)
I feel like Korra brushed on the PTSD side of things too, but not as specific on the diagnosis. Though that may have been due to the rating restrictions of the time (like with Korra and Asami's relationship being still that tiny bit vague, while later shows got to be more heavy handed with same-sex couples). I recommend The Tomorrow Series (and the sequel series The Ellie Chronicles) by John Marsden, it's my favourite YA series. The protagonists are teens using guerrilla warfare to survive foreign invasion in the Aussie outback. The story's pretty credible as to why the kids are the ones fighting (they're camping during the invasion), how they've learned their skills (they're mostly farming kids), and how things impact their mental health (covered in later books, not straight off the bat). Additionally the enemy is vague, you never get a race, so it's not limited to being a product of the time it was written in.
Australia uses it as a recruiting tactic. So instead of having HECS debt, the military sponsors the cost of your education as long as you work for them for a certain time frame. One of my mates did it, joined the navy, got her double degree in nursing and midwifery. When her service was up she had been across the globe twice, had thousands of hours experience under her belt in both the ship and base hospitals, and had enough saved up to put a deposit on a house.
Cuddles are a key part of the healing process.
Mine was done by the OB. The first one was a soft pop sensation and then an ooze every time I had a contraction for the next two hours. The second was popped unintentionally while the OB was trying to turn my breech baby B, that was a flood that just sprayed all over the doctor, everyone laughed at her until they realised my son used that gush as a slip'n'slide. My mum had her waters break at the top with her youngest. She had random dribbles through the day and just thought it was the usual weird pregnancy ooze until her contractions kicked in 10 hours later. Its worth checking out, to be sure.
A wombat crossed with an ibis. A fucking bin chicken that can absolutely fuck up your car if you try to shoo them off.
Iroh heating his tea at the train station implies he could possibly raise someone else's body temperature since he didn't use a visible flame. Though, waterbenders could also change people's body temperature if they vibrate your water molecules right.
I miss when my brothers would laugh if I pushed them over, now they exact revenge.
As the eldest of 10, the only one who doesn't want to slap me doesn't know I exist.
We have the "After 8" rule, 8pm that seat goes down and stays there. I'm damn near blind and don't wear my glasses going to pee at night.
I was also 9. I yelled across the house "HOW DO YOU GET BLOOD OUT OF CLOTHES?" and my mum had to assure the little old lady next door that I hadn't fucking murdered someone.
After two years of asking for referrals and a year on the wait list to Monash's clinic, my son is *finally* being assessed for autism. I swear if Covid postpones this, I'm going to snap. I am so tired and stressed with everything going on, I just don't want this disrupted the way all our different therapy sessions have been.
I held my anxious 5yo still for a blood test. That's my resistance training for the week.
My mum's cousin drove down for my great-grandmother's funeral last week. I hope she got home alright without QLD boarder patrol chucking the book at her.
Our area ran out of disposables quite severely. To the point that some of us who had diapers put away for future kids pulled them out to pass on to other families in our multiple birth group, and we ran a crash course on cloth diapering at our last in person playgroup session before we went into lockdown (including terry flats as they're available at Target and such, and emergency options like adult tshirts). Our multiple birth group actually struck a sponsorship deal with a small local cloth diaper store just in time for the second wave panic buying to hit.
I was absolutely terrified of pregnancy for the first year after birth. I couldn't do another kid, let alone multiples. I wouldn't let my husband touch me and I took (cheap) pregnancy tests monthly just to be sure until my period returned. I had PPA that wasn't picked up until I recovered and went "wait, that wasn't normal". It's definitely something you should bring up in your session, but it's also understandable after what you've been through. But a few months back I was feeling nauseous and the kids were fighting and I went "oh crap, I'm pregnant". Negative test, but my period was already late at that point. Two days later I got a positive test, but it ended in an ectopic pregnancy, my second loss. I tried to comfort myself with it was crap timing, we're in the middle of a pandemic, the medical system is in shambles right now, etc. It wasn't traumatising this time around, I had a wonderful care team despite the hospital limitations, but it was still heartbreaking. I want another baby, the kids are 5, they start school next year, we're in a good place with everyone's health, we have a big enough car and a ton of baby stuff left over. I want a third. But after my losses and the complications with the twins' pregnancy I don't know if I'll ever have a "comfortable" pregnancy, I'm gonna be an anxious mess the whole time.
My mum has osteoarthritis and emphysema. We're currently engaged in a debate about what to do with her remains when she goes (which isn't soon, she's not even 50 and she's basically just got bad asthma), she doesn't care but is a registered organ donor. My stepfather wants her buried intact with him, I want to donate her to a medical school (she would be fascinating to them), my siblings refuse to participate because it's "too morbid".
