The fire alarm in my office building. A loud piercing sound that could be heard across the globe. Always makes me jump right out of my seat.
Why did the Oilers trade Gretzky?
All You Need is Love
*Quickly*
I KNEW IT
Not bad. Babe Ruth was sold for a song (literally).
Yummy yum-yum and the Yum Brothers.
Never admit that you’re one of us.
Joe Manganiello.
May you both live as long as you want, And never want as long as you live.
Sung Hi Lee
This was a long time ago - Sex and the City. My wife *loved* that show and we would watch it together sometimes. I had to stop watching because these women were the worst sort of people: vain, self-centered, elitist and worst of all, they were supposed to be some sort of role model for what a feminist was supposed to be like. All of them just made me sick, especially Sarah Jessica Parker and Kim Cattrall's characters. Also, this was supposed to be a sexy show and the sex and nudity was....not.
When he moved out and went to college, all his friends did a bunch of stupid shit and got into trouble and he didn't.
I think it depends on many factors, but I also believe that if you aren't out on your own by the time you are 30, you probably never will be.
Any sex
I'm OK with it with the exception of the "gun metal grey" fad that I hopes goes away soon.
Stephen King has said he likes the ending of this movie better than his story.
This is the proper way to wear a sundress.
True Lies.
Poop in the yard, while staring at me.
The "3 Sixes" don't bother with women like this.
Let's go with BJ.
Sloths. I mean, what's the benefit of letting them survive.
Lessens your chances of getting followers.
PUNCH IT CHEWY
The Sting
Your sinuses opening after being congested.
Being burned horribly and having to rely on people to do everything for you while you die slowly in agonizing pain. Also, living in Flint, MI.
/r/ifyouhadtopickone
I'm not sure I would go *that* far.
"Shut up"
Children at Play
Chandler Bing
A machine that would automatically pet lonely dogs.
Fixing things/home repair. Even with all the TV shows and YouTube, any home project is a disaster.
Can I go to the bathroom?
*Such* a lie.
In my all time top 5.
Left
Put things away. I am a big proponent of the "ounce of prevention is worth a pound of cure" philosophy when it comes to cleaning. Put things back when you are done with them, throw your trash away, hang up your clothes. Taking care of small things helps keep them from being a chore later.
Theeeeres a bathroom on the right!
I absolutely love it when girls push their hair behind their ear, and a little bit of it falls forward again, and they keep doing it without realizing it. I find it so feminine and attractive.
Looks like Corinna Harney.
Read Books.
Reloading Guns.
A Russian Bride.
6’5” here. Flying on airplanes, unless you want to pay for an aisle row or first class, is torture.
Get a mentor. It should be someone outside your company who has the wisdom and experience to help steer you in the right directions.
Sometimes the smallest things take up the most room in your heart.
Two chicks at the same - oh, wait.
The Republican Party, with a civil war within between the traditional conservatives and the ultra-right/evangelical Christian factions splits into two parties, dividing the votes in future elections.
Get busy livin' or get busy dyin'.
https://www.instagram.com/ewebzz/
Should be a sub.
Elephant dick... JK I already have a big one.
In the delivery room.
Where they went to college. Your university credentials really don't hold up much when you get into the real world; it's all about what you can do, not where you have been.
Direct TV Customer Support.
Meeting cancelled today. See you next week.
Being covered in Poison Ivy/Oak. Itching and burning 24/7 and nothing you can do about it.
Not all heart problems come with clear warning signs. There is not always an alarming chest clutch followed by a fall to the floor like you see in movies. Some heart symptoms don’t even happen in your chest, and it’s not always easy to tell what’s going on. Nausea, Indigestion, Heartburn, Stomach Pain, Shortness of Breath, Throat or Jaw Pain can also be signs of a heart attack.
Sure, but that is true for *any* college. You wouldn't need to have a degree from Dartmouth to convey to your employer that you're able to stay in school for four years and attain passing grades.
Run out into traffic so they can get their picture taken in the exact spot where Kennedy was shot.
Farting while doing so.
My grandfather's medals from WWI.
https://www.instagram.com/madidallas/?hl=en
Being a nerd. Being called a nerd is now a badge of honor - nerds had their own hit TV show for chrissakes - whereas being a nerd when I was young was about the worst thing you could be labeled.
Long drawn-out notes. Young white girls on TV singing shows are the worst offenders of this.
Fixed.
Encyclopedia Brown.
Ear Hustle. Ear Hustle brings you the daily realities of life inside prison, shared by those living it, and stories from the outside, post-incarceration.
A perfectly-cooked steak.
Poop sitting next to a complete stranger.
It's gonna take me a year to drink all that whiskey.
Ear Hustle. Set inside San Quentin State Prison, it's hosted by a guy who had been serving a life sentence and gives background on life inside prison.
I had to explain to a friend that Amish people know electricity exists, and that they just didn't believe we should use it. I also had to tell her that we generate electricity in power plants, and that it doesn't just float around in the air.
Shawshank Redemption. Seen it probably 1,000 times, but it still hooks me in whenever it is on TV.
The Trump and Kardashian families.
The idle rich.
Sea-salty.
True. I should have said *some* choose not to use it. Hopefully, I won't ever have to use this talking point again.
I'm sure you could lose that much in a few strip clubs in Atlanta over a long weekend.
Repost filter.
Pretend I am killing it during the finals of AMERICA'S GOT TALENT!
CONTENTS UNDER PRESSURE
Fiona on Shameless.
Get over it Cole. We didn’t want you.
Donald Trump
Well....
Little point at the camera.
Florence. The museums and history were great, but the city itself was very dirty and hordes of Gypsy kids running around trying to steal everything right off you.
All Star by Smashmouth.
Los Angeles in general. Smoggy, traffic is a nightmare and everything is covered in graffiti. Some areas, like Orange County, are nice but on the whole San Diego is much better.
The "undercarriage" shot.
Geography. I like to study landscapes and city skylines. I can recognize just about any large city skyline by picture alone.
Yak's Milk
grassy knoll
Watch?
Good one.
Being paralyzed from the neck down.
Beauty Pageants for children.
"We the People of the United States, in Order to form a more perfect Union, establish Justice, insure domestic Tranquility, provide for the common defence, promote the general Welfare, and secure the Blessings of Liberty to ourselves and our Posterity, do ordain and establish this Constitution for the United States of America."
Gone in 60 Seconds
Playboy talent scout.
The Sudan.
Yak's milk is pink.
By text, the night after she made me watch Moulin Rouge with her. The whole film. Bitch.
What did one Frenchman say to the other? I have no idea; I don’t speak French.
My son's little league catcher's mitt.
Failed *so bad*. She was my Tammy-Two.
&gt; Which title of a movie describes your sex life? That's actually 127 Hours.
It's the thought that counts.
Yak, not Qwik.
He jerks off *constantly*.
Although there are good country artists, the majority of what you hear on the radio is as formula and throwaway as Top 40 pop music.
TWO CHICKS AT THE SAME TIME
See? I don't get it.
*Fuss* So....sexualizing young girls is no big deal? A "couple of thousand kids" or even "1%" is a throwaway number? How you feel if someone *you* cared about was scarred by these things?
&gt; One percent of a couple of thousand is like, 20. 20 people who will look back at photos and feel embarassed. That's it. Not so great if you're one of the 20. According to psychologists, "embarrassed" is the least of their no problems. https://www.psychologytoday.com/us/blog/food-thought/201108/child-beauty-pageants-what-are-we-teaching-our-girls
I have, excellent book.
Not for long.
I'm just tired.
They park crooked, they take too long ordering at the drive thru, they park their cart in the middle of the aisle, they text while driving, they talk during the movie.
"Here's the porn you were afraid to buy."
Pancreas. Diabetes sucks.
Weeds. It started out as a funny, edgy dark comedy where you liked the family and rooted for the main character. By the end, the protagonist was one of the most unlikeable characters EVER on TV. Stop after season three, trust me.
That I might get my foot stuck in the drain at the bottom of the pool and drown.
Third Eye Blind – ‘Semi-Charmed Life’.
Ronald Reagan. He was always a popular President, but he has since been recast (mainly by conservative historians) as a great one as well. Yes, you can easily place him on that pedestal. You would merely need to ignore the Iran-Contra scandal, the huge budget deficits, his environment ignorance, his do-nothing reaction to the looming AIDS epidemic, his courting of Saddam Hussein, and numerous other blunders. And he didn't win the Cold War: The war in Afghanistan started in 1979. Reagan was still in California.
I'm willing to look into this.
In the age of Kanye West, it's nice to have a celebrity that is down to earth and a genuinely nice person.
As an American, I am still disappointed in how racist and homophobic our country still is. With all the brilliant minds and good intentions we have in America, it is amazing how slowly we seem to be evolving past these horrible stereotypes.
Your comment regarding Obama has *nothing* to do with how Reagan was overrated, but since you brought it up, I'll just throw this out there: Barack Obama became President after years of attritional warfare, and in the midst of a financial crisis that posed systemic risks to the U.S. and world economy. In the face of these obstacles, he avoided scandal, faced down right-wing brinksmanship, refused to debase common political discourse and achieved a measure of success in areas of foreign and domestic policy, including economic recovery, the Iran nuclear deal, The Paris accord and the expansion of health insurance provision. And oh yeah, he won the Nobel Peace Prize. He deserves more admiration and respect than any recent Republican president, that is for certain.
Well, not solved. Inflation was tamed, but it was thanks to monetary policy, not fiscal policy. Reagan's tax cuts did end the recession.​ But government spending wasn't lowered, just shifted from domestic programs to defense. The result? The federal debt almost tripled, from $997 billion in 1981 to $2.857 trillion in 1989.
I'm at 975 now; you're safe.
Look how well that worked out with Bin Laden.
ಠ_ಠ
But also heavier in debt. You're really not that wealthy if you have to carry an enormous amount of debt.
&gt; Political historians be damned, Reddit knows. Sauce? Most I have read put him somewhere in the middle.
I say this to my Trump friends all the time: Reagan would be *horrified* by Trump.
How exactly? It neither began nor ended with Ronald Reagan. It was Jimmy Carter who first put human rights prominently on the agenda of American-Soviet relations. George H. W. Bush skillfully served as a kind of air traffic controller in 1991, when the increasingly beleaguered Gorbachev brought the Soviet Union in for a relatively soft landing on the ash heap of history. But really, none of it would have been possible if Gorbachev hadn't been open to change. It was Reagan himself went even farther. Asked at a press conference in Moscow in 1988, his last year in office, about the role he played in the great drama of the late 20th century, he described himself essentially as a supporting actor. “Mr. Gorbachev,” he said, “deserves most of the credit, as the leader of this country.”
WHO'S THE FIRST LADY? DORIS DAY?
But he was courted. Same with Saddam Hussein. Neither worked out.
I think the woman who spoke to the police about him was just a girlfriend and not his ex-wife. He didn't get married...to another woman...until years later.
Um, damn.
Weeds season 3 to season 4. Edgy comedy to driving right off a cliff.
Can't stand
¯\_(ツ)_/¯
Yes.
This is pretty much my uniform.
They only bully you because they are afraid of you.
Smells Like Teen Spirit
Whiskey Brisket Tacos
Sheets and pillows.
That date isn't going well.
Same with The Godfather.
She got the harder part right.
No. But it's on her insta.
https://www.instagram.com/zeezaman/?hl=en
The Thing.
He's too loyal to people, even the ones that shit on him.
I like to use my senior book to look up people that I went to school with whom I don't recognize when I see them again.
&gt; just wanted more dick in her life Best line in that whole story.
Because...*I'm Batman*.
Your mom said the same thing.
Cue the Benny Hill music.
Euthanasia should have some form of legality. We don't let animals suffer, but we let people suffer.
The constant scrutiny over every single thing we do that may be perceived as malicious.
My father does this. We can't ever tell if he likes something or not because he will eat regardless.
Hey-oh!
He should have her arrested. What a cunt.
Dat Ass
I won't tell your wife.
Save your money. There are good times and bad times, and unexpected things happen. Putting even a small amount away every pay period will help you weather these unexpected events.
Requiem for a Dream
Flying in a jet.
Savings and Retirement Funds
Men on TV &amp; movies getting slapped. I think women on TV &amp; movies hit men (or other women) for things that are waaaaaay less acceptable than reasons to hit anybody in real life. If a man slapped a woman for some kind of slight, the outcry would be huge. Slap a man, and he probably deserved it.
Crystal Pepsi
How many women wanted to have sex with me, but I was clueless.
I sit on my ass and do nothing for free now.
Let's how much I can fit in the trunk.
/r/interestingasfuck/
Tiny Johnson
Here, There and Everywhere - The Beatles
Driving Miss Daisy.
Really? How?
Close enough.
The Rainbow Connection
I do this on airplanes. I stick my earpods in and don't turn anything on. Nobody talks to me then.
When walking toward someone, fix your gaze forward and do not make any eye contact.
When you reach orgasm, ejaculate on your partner's face while yelling "DROPPING LOADS!!!!!!!"
Who wants Cowboy Chicken?
Originality Funny Interesting If I comment, I upvote
Hey-oh!
Carl Reiner, 96 years old.
2 CHICKS AT THE SAME TIME
That sub as been out of control for a long time. Their users have advocated and threatened violence, harassed other Reddit users and has been homebase for every right-wingnut that can access the Internet. If they shut it down permanently tomorrow I wouldn't lose any sleep.
French fries without ketchup. But only when they are hot and crunchy.
Weezer. I good song here and there, but for the most part I think their albums are unlistenable.
Brooklyn 99
Hulu
Summon my wolf friends, who adopted me as part of their pack.
Hannibal Lecter's mask.
Looney Tunes, the lord of all cartoons.
Eliminate racism.
Smoking Weed is bad for you.
History Channel, Discovery, TLC, Animal Planet. Reality TV really made these channels lose their way and it sucks because they used to be great.
Beauty Pageants for Children.
Mountains
Speaking as a man: Crying. Although science insists that crying is natural, culture still sends messages that strong men don’t cry. Many parents raise their sons to cry privately, if at all. It is ingrained in many men that masculine identity means holding back the tears except during times of extreme grief.
It wasn't one thing, but whenever he called or came over it wasn't to hang out or talk or do something together, he always wanted *something*. After a time, I felt very used. I told him that I would always be his friend and that if he wanted to hang out as friends do, he knew where to find me. But if he just called or came over because he wanted something, then he should stop calling. He stopped calling.
They're very conservative. They love Trump, they love Fox News, they love Sean Hannity, they love Rush Limbaugh, they believe in all the "fake news" and "deep state" theories. It's just pathetic; I try to avoid any political/business talk around them at all.
My white noise maker. I use it at work and at home when I go to sleep. It helps me tune everything else out.
The Bourne Ultimatum
"A million sperm and you were the fastest?"
I tried and tried to like this show.
Sex and the City. Overall, these shallow, self-centered women were just horrible people.
It's still on HBO on Demand and they were talking about a *third* movie not too long ago.
[And this one](https://youtu.be/AMlyrdR1Uwg?t=70)
All the boyfriends and husbands snap and murder them all; dumping their bodies in the Hudson...I'd watch that.
Stephen King?
You know that phrase "You break it, you bought it?" Well..
Impossible Burger
White Chicks.
Michael J. Fox. Had some setbacks, but keeps chugging forward with a positive attitude. He has also helped millions of people through his foundation. I met him this year and a Comic Book Convention and he was the nicest guy.
How’s your sister? Tell her I said hi.
Terry Crews stole that film.
The consensus seems to Milwaukee, since he mentioned it in the last novel before.
Dude has 3 sons, one mean, one dumb, one nice but not really, they do a whole bunch of fucked up shit including something with a horse.
Ding! Ding! Ding!
Go on "Running Wild with Bear Grylls". WATCH THIS BEAR.
BLURG
You comment, you upvote.
You will never not be tired again in your life.
Houston screwed the pooch. What a terrible coaching decision.
You sir, are a steely-eyed missile man.
When a plucky hero or heroes manage to beat an actual god or entity who really shouldn't be even looked at, let alone challenged to a fight. Usually, the heroes have no idea about the baddie being impossible to beat (or don't care), and through a combination of skill, courage, luck, strategy or just being cool, they manage it.
In other words, never.
Because you didn't study hard in high school?
"Power tends to corrupt; absolute power corrupts absolutely. Great men are always bad men.”
I *nearly* outran a bear
Squirrels
Been awhile since you’ve looked at Playboy, eh?
Tell her: Trust me, it's overrated.
No situational awareness: They drive slow in the left lane, they take up a table in a crowded restaurant after they've eaten, they look at their phone while driving, they look at their phone in a crowded store and walk into you, they take forever to order in the drive-thru. They really piss me off.
Morning. Clean hair, fresh shave, wakes you up.
Chew. Slowly.
shiitake mushrooms.
Chasing a ping pong ball.
This Fassel hire is almost as big as the McCarthy hire. Our special teams were a disaster this season.
Mix in the fact that Romeo and Juliette have only known each other about *3 days*.
Plausible, but &gt;!in Texas, everybody carries a gun and there is no way the local store owners would have allowed the Albanians and Ukrainians to bully them. They would have shot them all first!&lt;
Also, the "hey, I'll just invent time travel" plot solver. WAH-WAH.
I feel the first Die Hard, as much as I love it, suffers from a divorce from reality also. Stage a big robbery in person and tell the world who you are versus slip in after the Christmas holiday and crack the safe and slip out without anybody seeing or hearing a thing. Hmmmm.
Agreed.
Or delude themselves into thinking he isn't a sadistic psychopath.
Ben Affleck, who stars in the movie, told Michael Bay that the movie made no sense while they were filming the movie. Bay did not care. In a clip from the DVD commentary track going viral on Twitter, Affleck recalls that he asked Bay, "Why is it easier to train oil drillers to become astronauts than to train astronauts to become oil drillers?" He told me to shut the f--- up. So that was the end of that talk. "
The thing that always gets me about Pretty Woman is how much Richard Gere goes to such lengths to impress this *Ho*: He buys her new clothes, orders the finest champagne from room service, takes her to a polo game and the opera. You just paid this Sunset Skank 3 grand; tell her to go to dinner with you, give you head and otherwise keep her mouth shut and stay out of sight.
Hey Oh!
Plus: They leave a trail of evidence that even a blind man could follow: They rob local banks, launder the money at casinos (who, like banks, are obligated to report anything over $9,000 to the IRS) bury the getaway cars on their *property*, with a recently-release felon of a brother. Also, they killed someone during their last robbery, which meant if they get caught, they are both going away *for life*. It was an entertaining movie, but I did shake my head at the plot.
*GASP*
Believe me, I have seen this movie literally hundreds of times. &gt; First they needed an FBI intervention, because only they could shut off the entire city block power grid to shut down the maglocks on the vault. I always thought that if he were a supervillain he claimed to be, Hans could have found a way to shut down the grid other than trying to fool the FBI. He has plenty of C4! Why threaten to kill Takagi, who was prepared to die, and instead threaten to start shooting all the employees one by one in front of him, starting with the pregnant one, until he gave up the code? What if the FBI had said "No, we're not shutting down the grid. Shoot these people and you'll go down for murder and the gas chamber instead of attempted robbery." His whole plan would have been hosed. &gt;Second they fake their own deaths with the explosion at the end. Even if the plan had worked, when they realized Gruber was not among the bodies in the rubble, the FBI would have hunted the earth for the man who robbed, murdered dozens and destroyed a building. He showed his face, and he would have been caught. Besides which, once the FBI figured out it was a robbery, the Treasury department would have invalidated bonds by the serial numbers, making them worthless.
First off, Hail Satan. As I explain in another comment: I always thought that if he were a supervillain he claimed to be, Hans could have found a way to shut down the grid other than trying to fool the FBI. He has plenty of C4! Why threaten to kill Takagi, who was prepared to die, and instead threaten to start shooting all the employees one by one in front of him, starting with the pregnant one, until he gave up the code? What if the FBI had said "No, we're not shutting down the grid. Shoot these people and you'll go down for murder and the gas chamber instead of attempted robbery." His whole plan would have been hosed.
That just makes it even more sexy.
Major League. WILD THING
Push 3 king sized beds end-to-end-to-end in my living room.
She called me a noble steed.
I guess tomato soup isn't that bad.
Drive home, pull into the garage and close the door. Done &amp; done.
Han Solo would have killed Luke Skywalker and kept the princess for ransom.
Removing gum from sidewalks. I can't believe there isn't a machine or chemical that doesn't remove the blobs of old gum that mosaic most my city's downtown.
Tell them to go home.
Forcing someone to drink with you. Not taking no for an answer. “Come on, just one!”
The Sandy Hook Elementary School shootings.
Glasses?
Kirk Douglas. He was born before the October Revolution. The man is literally older than the late Soviet Union, which he’s outlived by decades!
Major League. WILD THING...
Bowling Alley Pinsetter.
And that, is how I got 2 sisters pregnant in the same night.
That's awesome.
People who don't return shopping carts.
Gum
Danny DeVito
WALRUS MAN
Why did the Oilers trade Gretzky?
Cheryl Tunt
She sleeps next to me every night.
Reading.
No, *yours*.
/r/sexytummies
The concept of Democracy. Other than that, nothing.
Run naked into traffic. Boom.
My sanity.
I'm doing *life*.
Ketchup on a steak.
“Mad” Jack Churchill. The British soldier who killed Nazis with a longbow and a sword
Trump?
Come to Texas!
I'm definitely trying this.
The hide is too tough.
You had me at "measure of Jack Daniel's."
Did you blackout? How did the person driving the boat know something was wrong?
Wow that sucks.
I had two teens throw me in the deep end too. My cousin rescued me, and then beat the shit out of both of them. Having the towel over your face sounds terrifying.
T-Bone.
So, so, so fuckable
There should be a name for a steak &amp; cheese-whiz. “Trailer park strip” or something like that.
It's not fun to get mail anymore.
Someone on the beach would try and sell him a gold necklace.
GET IN THE VAN
/r/lingerie
"What a shithole."
Phuket, Thailand. Planning a vacation there during high season (November to March) means you'll be sharing the beach with tons of other tourists, and while this may improve if you go during low season, you'll most likely be dealing with more rain at that time of year. Plus, trash and water quality is a problem.
Cheryl Tunt.
I can’t afford either one.
Ask your mom.
"I don't recall asking you to speak to me."
Shake my head at things younger people like. I just don't get Instagram Stories.
Wild Thing - Major League.
OH GOD I HOPE I DON'T CUM TOO FAST
Revenge.
Pour water on her head.
...and love.
Parks and Rec
Full body scanners at all airports. Eliminate clothing/shoe removal and TAS personnel touching passengers.
Pretty smile, nice personality.
Bottled Water.
Mass-produced, pre-packaged, disposable bottles of water. Better?
It's already looking up.
It was like a bad video game.
The novel was better.
Especially when Ron offers more emotion to Leslie that he does to anyone in the show, even his later wife. "Before we go inside, I’d like to say something. You are a wonderful person. Your friendship means a lot to me. And you look very beautiful."
Nice try Mom.
A person that does not complain about others or their surroundings.
It’s not supposed to do that?
:)
Bless your heart
In a short period in 1992, my team won the Superbowl and my wife gave birth to our son a week later.
Potatoes and Corned Beef
Shrimp.
Donald Trump
Peel and Eat
/r/extramile
Compliments. One of my all time favorites. She still looks fantastic. https://instagram.com/barbaramoore10?igshid=1qqdglpcc5goy
How utterly horrible and tragic. His poor wife and family. I hope they will be OK.
Panda, lounge around all day, have females pushed on me for sex, if anyone messes with me they are killed.
Aladdin. Take out the singing and the goofy genie and you're about 90% there.
Jeff Goldblum. I just want to around all day and eh, talk like that. Well, there you have it.
I'm too embarrassed to say.
Beauty Pageants for children.
He's president of the United States.
My office? Already done it.
The problem with Evil and Suffering. Or as the Greek philosopher Epicurus puts it: "Is God willing to prevent evil, but not able? Then he is not omnipotent. Is he able, but not willing? Then he is malevolent. Is he both able and willing? Then from whence comes evil?"
Simon Pegg. He seems like a genuine, funny person in real life.
TWO CHICKS AT THE SAME TIME. QUICKLY.
Free Will is only part of it. What about natural evil, like chronic diseases or acts of nature like tornados? Why must good people suffer like that? As Patton Oswalt wrote "What would I ask God if I were standing before him at the pearly gates? What the fuck is the deal with brain cancer in children?"
Perhaps. Maybe it was Patton paraphrasing him or something.
I'm not sure what is worse: This answer or the fact that this is what most Christians believe.
&gt; Disease isn't good or evil Really? Tell that to the people suffering from some chronic, horrible disease. I'm not debating on whether or not disease knows it's good or evil, I'm saying with all all-powerful God, as we are told, *why* must they exist in the first place? Why must people have diabetes? Why must people have ALS? Why must there be bone cancer in children?
That means alot to a toddler suffering from a brain tumor. Or a person who is bound to a wheelchair due to some horrible genetic defect. "I know it sucks honey, but remember, this is a lesson for society. Now, time for another round of chemo."
Not knowing the reason for evil does not necessarily mean that the reason does not exist.
Where do you think people got that notion in the first place?
&gt; So like we believe that we always knew that there would be natural disaster, disease, famine, war ect... But we came anyways so that we could learn from mortal life and get a physical body. Sounds like we got a *raw* deal.
Is this a trick question?
Is this research supposed to answer the question of evil and suffering? It's been thought out.
At least that would make some sense.
&gt; running on the line of assumption that suffering is inherently evil So....there is *good* suffering?
So people choose to get bone cancer?
It's like saying you can't enjoy food without starvation.
Johnny Cash accidentally started a wildfire that destroyed over 500 acres and killed 49 endangered condors.
The Godfather.
I'm not here to fuck spiders!
Look at their phones while driving. Looking at their phones at a stop light oblivious to the fact that the light has changed is a close second.
And it burned, burned, burned
^thanks.
2 of the women were sisters!
The one with the tits obviously.
Is this a trick question?
OP's Sister.
Dogs barking
"Whatcha got ain't nothin new. This country's hard on people, you can't stop what's coming, it ain't all waiting on you. That's vanity."
I'm just tired.
What flavor dental floss makes you nostalgic for your childhood?
Can I sit on your lap?
The Fight Sister City Harvest Festival Flu Season Ron &amp; Tammy: Part 2
"Best $10 I ever spent!"
Getting my foot stuck in the pool drain.
This is the correct answer.
Jaws.
either way.
Trump gets re-elected.
Usually the one alarm is enough to get the dog up and going, who takes things over from there.
*In cash*
Oh God, do we *have* to go to this party?
100,001.
Yeah....but one of these alarms gets fed everyday and poops in the yard.
2017
I think because Cruise is a *bigger* fruitcake.
Too bad...I liked their chili.
It's The End of the World - REM
I'm already married. But thanks for asking.
Bull-Riding
Save money. Your 20's are not that far off, you're going to want to have that nest egg.
I have sex, but really can't remember most of it.
Honey Nut Cheerios
Conservatives. I don't hate conservatives; I ”hate” the Republican Party as it has devolved under the influence of Fox News. There are many conservatives that have left the party and/or turned away from Fox News; you can find the best and brightest of them offering commentary on CNN and MSNBC. George Will is among this list of great intellectual conservatives that have been horrified by FN and Donald Trump.
I don't throw the blanket of like or hate on people I don't even know, so I just can't say I hate conservatives (even if they fall under "my idea", whatever the hell that means.) I know lots of people who have conservative viewpoints, but I don't hate them. I hate the Philadelphia Eagles, but I don't hate their fans. However, this doesn't mean I can't hate what the philosophy and direction of the Republican party has become.
To read the engaging, thought provoking questions such as this one.
"Happy Birthday to You"
Satisfaction with the life you have.
Erection-on-demand button.
I made a promise, Mr. Frodo. A fucking promise: “Don’t you leave him, Samwise Gamgee.” And I don’t mean to. I don’t mean to.
A new president.
Larry David. Tell my family I love them.
Scar. Vengeful, jealous, ruthless, unfeeling.
A large net, held by two people, running along while riding horses.
Vegas.
Farts in your face.
Major League. OK, it's dumb but as a baseball fan, I really wish something like this would happen.
Only having to make your bed when you decide it is a priority that morning.
There will once again be massive, out of control wildfires in California.
Old photographs. In antique stores, estate sales, etc., I like looking at and buying old photographs taken at the turn of/beginning of the last century. I really like pictures of people in their old football or baseball uniforms, team pictures. wedding portraits or people in their military uniforms. I try to imagine the stories behind them.
"I don't know. They cancelled Unsolved Mysteries."
That's a good idea; I may do that with some of mine.
People with no situational awareness: They drive slow in the left lane, they take up a table in a crowded restaurant after they've eaten, they look at their phone while driving, they look at their phone in a crowded store and walk into you, they take forever to order in the drive-thru.
Ted Cruz.
Counselors who help get you out of timeshares.
Blackhat
This. I believe now that if I had tried *just a bit* harder in school, I could have had so many more doors opened to me. I was so focused on just getting by.
I tried very hard to fit in and was so worried about letting me be myself. I found out later that people liked me more than the version of me I tried to put forth.
We had to keep our rooms clean at all times, and when my father was home, we had to keep our doors open until we went to sleep.
Won't be Fooled Again - The Who
I remember when TV shows would advertise the fact they were "in color".
Pointing at myself a few times a day.
Exactly.
Push harder!
Save money. You might not get some of the things you want right now, but the peace of mind it will pay for will be so much better.
When I was very young, my neighbor's dog got out from their yard, ran into the street and was hit by a car. I can remember vividly the blood pouring out of its head, the dog's legs kicking in the air and it's screams &amp; howls as it slowly died in the street.
Gnats. Buzzing little pests that never seemed to go away and always there when I don't want them.
Go ring shopping.
Bkjewr0-'eRal;jsa! (I'm Klingon.)
Sabrina
Daniel Radcliffe will always be Harry Potter.
June was a fine month.
I don't have a beach. But the ones I have been to seem to fit this description for the most part.
*Everywhere*
&gt; Swim &gt; &gt; Surf Did I mention the part about the freezing water and salt-water smell? &gt;Idk chief you just sound like a profoundly boring person with a negative attitude IDK, chief, you sound like a an extremely judgmental person with a narrow view of people that don't subscribe to things you seems to like. Maybe that's why this is a....unpopular opinion?
Thanks chief.
The thing is, all stoners want to talk about is getting stoned. They plan their whole day and life around it. It's like they literally have nothing else.
Careful. I killed a bunch of toddlers. I'm not afraid to cut a bitch.
PROBLEM SOLVED
&gt;Maybe u should find a better Beach You couldn't add the "y" and the "o"? You're in that big of a hurry?
Same with cities.
I could have gone with the generic "foot coverings" I guess, but even flip-flops get sand in them.
Finally....one of my people. I don't mind the lake, it is better than the beach for sure, but the boredom factor (for me) still applies. I don't fish (I think it is kinda cruel and touching a worm or a fish; yuck) and I don't waterski or any of that other stuff, so after a few hours I'm usually back to sitting in my chair reading.
ur welcome
Rayshard Brooks was shot twice in the back. Fulton County District Attorney Paul Howard said they noticed that on recorded videos that Rolfe kicked Brooks while he was down "fighting for his life." Brosnan was also seen in video stepping on Brooks' shoulder while he is on the ground. Brosnan has admitted to standing on Brooks' body. Sounds like plenty wrong to me.
OK, where do we sign up you, members of your family and friends to go off and fight this war?
No, I've been there.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=e-hNOkY9klY
Longer view of the whole thing here: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MawQYNNIoZ0&amp;feature=youtu.be&amp;t=1728
You choose to cheat; nobody makes you do anything.
Agreed. The mornings are cooler and quiet; and most of the work that I have to do (like chores on a weekend) are done before Noon and I get to do what I want.
I am.
"Son"
Exhale heavily from your nose.
The Sting. Jackie Gleason and Mack Davis in place of Redford and Newman.
People who leave their cart in the middle of the aisle.
Lick your lips constantly, stare without saying anything and breathe heavily out of your nose.
Transaction/processing fees when you order a digital product online. Such as a concert ticket: you pay 16 bucks extra while you pay online, and then have to print the ticket yourself.
Regular me is tired and has to get up early tomorrow. Horny me has boundless energy and will just have a few extra cups of coffee tomorrow.
Bat-wings.
Defenestration
I am a bottomless well of useless information.
Black, like my soul.
Ground beef and onions.
Makes you lazy.
Walking around with a gun in their belt at all times because they have a permit to carry.
"Save ya a seat"
At least it wasn't $100 on used *jockstraps*.
Flying cars, space exploration, holodeck and ruled by DAMN DIRTY APES.
It took humanity approximately 4 times longer to switch from copper swords to steel swords than it took to switch from steel swords to nuclear bombs.
It's like I have this motivation to start something and then I can't-
Daddy I think the TV is broken. It keeps ordering all this porn, like so much more porn, like how could anyone watch all this porn!
She would like to merge our country with Canada, and then layoff half of America.
It keeps getting in my eyes. Besides, Robert Plant wore it the best.
Man, those double-shot margaritas at lunch were *good*. I could have drank four more of those bables!
Add a spoonful of peanut butter. Like homemade pad thai.
Mr. Kimberlin, third grade. He absolutely *hated* children and a day wouldn't go by when he would have a red-faced tirade at the entire class. When my book bag slipped off my coat hook in the back of the classroom (small school) while I was out at recess, he got angry and threw it in the school incinerator and burned it up, books and all. When I got back in class, he called me in front of the class and *told me he did it in front of everyone*. I went home and told my parents; my mom &amp; dad were angry but were going to handle it through the school administration. My dad told my Irish grandfather, who had other plans: he went down to the school after class the next afternoon, dragged Mr. Kimberlin out of the school to the parking lot, beat the shit out of him, frog-marched him to our house, made him apologize and pay to my stunned mother for the damaged bag and book. He then threw him into the gutter. My mom told my dad when he got home from work what happened and my dad freaked out, but my grandfather was unrepentant; that asshole had it coming. When the police came over later, they questioned my grandfather who didn't say much and they left without arresting him (my uncle was a police officer so I think that helped.) The next day Mr. Kimberlin was gone and we got a new teacher. Everybody heard what had happened and for the rest of the school year, I was the coolest kid in school.
It is illegal in all 50 states to drive without shoes.
The Shawshank Redemption. I fell like I'm doing that now anyway.
/r/tightdresses
I believe that is Karin Taylor, not Rachel Jean Marteen.
MAGA Hat.
That's gotta be one big toe.
Transaction/processing fees when you order a digital product online. Such as a concert ticket: you pay 16 bucks extra while you pay online, and then have to print the ticket yourself.
Our dog seems so eager to please us. If I accidentally step on her foot, she jumps in my lap and licks my face like it was *her* fault.
Salted Caramel
Home Alone
