Idk man Johnny Ramone loved GWB and Danzig has had some really questionable things to say about race up to and including defending Trump's immigration policies. Neo-Nazis have taken over working class punk culture, i.e. skinheads. Also like the hardcore and horror punk communities in general can be very bro-y and conspiracy theory laden. I don't really want to pretend it's some new thing for the far-right to identify with punk for some reason or another.
&gt;Would be great if he got more leftists on like Contrapoints There are countless left-leaning people of all stripes that "would be great" if he interviewed, but he won't. The fact that his fans' go-to examples of his "leftist" interviewees are Sam Harris and Russell Brand should be telling to you. Rogan's had endless opportunities to interview anyone left of Jeb Bush and he's literally never taken it.
whoa Tulsi Gabbard and... what a long list of ~~Assad's buddies who endorsed Bernie because outsider status and political imeptus~~ left leaning individuals
get an old pitch digital pitch shifter and then play chords into an octave up setting
Trump did it.
&gt; Imagine if Tom Brady died, and an Jets fan said some kind words about him. Do you harangue that person for defying their team? Are you seriously trying to compare a celebrity football player with the country leader? &gt; Is it so crazy to do the same in politics? Yes. That's literally the point. Jfc how can you with a straight face compare the president to a quarterback? How is this the top comment in this thread? This comment is everything the OP was criticizing.
I mean... everything him and Reagan did to ignore the AIDS epidemic and their involvement in Iran-Contra? Everything we could criticize Reagan for (and I do), GHWB was right there with him. That's what being a VP is.
&gt; with great lore I see this all the time but come on. Does anyone seriously believe Halo has "great lore"? It's not even good enough to be babby's first sci-fi epic.
/r/culturebroke if it wasn't dead
oh yes ha wouldn't it be funny if they were secretly gay what a riot that's what this is all about
there is no cult of personality in the music gear enthusiasts' world how dare you suggest otherwise you must be fun at parties
I think the Bit Commander will always be a running theme of EQD pedals: not necessarily an atypical sound but still a relatively atypical pedal for most guitarists. Acapulco Gold will also lowkey be their one pedal known for "that" sound even if it's not as popular as something like the Hoof or Tentacle. I also think some things like the Grand Orbiter, Hummingbird, and Ghost Echo will always be around for how "good" they just are. I also bet some random legacy models will be remembered at least nostalgically like the Tone Reaper, Black Ash, Zap Machine, Pitch Bay, or Dirt Transmitter.
&gt;but guitar music is not dead "why is pop music not rock anymore" "don't people want to hear my E minor pentatonic riffs anymore"
hot take Mistborn 2 was the best of the original trilogy
&gt; The only market now out there for turn based games is the Japanese RPG market. What are you even talking about? Banner Saga, XCOM, Divinity: Original Sin, Torment, literally every 4X game other than Stellaris, every computer trading-card game, Shadowrun, Darkest Dungeon, Invisible Inc., Wasteland, Bard's Tale, FTL, Polytopia, Into the Breach, Battletech, Steamworld Heist, Chroma Squad, Xenonauts, Massive Chalice, Underrail, Grimrock. There's no end to the Western-made turn-based games nowadays. Meanwhile, the turn-based market for Japanese RPGs is relegated to Pokemon, Fire Emblem, and niche series like Disgaea. Even something that's ostensibly turn-based like Valkyria Chronicles still is drifting toward action-based system.
lol who in the world is actually doing this though let's be honest
&gt; Outside of the United States, liberal and libertarian mean the same thing. No they don't. Just say "libertarian" when you mean "libertarian" and stop using dishonest flair.
&gt; because sports is going to be a constant drum to beat for the Anti-trans rights movement. I fail to see how that has any bearing on anti-discrimination laws. They'll trot out the same "but testosterone" and "but muscle mass" excuses no matter the case. Nor do I see why tackling sports "first" (you know, for the benefit of two people yearly) is going to make any difference in terms of civil rights. &gt; civil rights-abivalent administration such as the Trump Administration. "Civil rights ambivalent" meaning "literally tried to ban trans people from serving in the military for no reason." Yeah, very ambivalent.
And yet we have Donald Trump, an actual, real-life, living person that 100 million people in the US alone actively support.
&gt; From what I heard Exactly. You haven't even played but you'll go out of your way to trash it.
They said something about only buying "part" of the brand, whatever that means.
Or... not? What even is this comment?
&gt; Don't forget FXDoctor Does he actually still make any pedals? Or just mods and repairs?
&gt; I was thinking of just using a 1/4" to RCA splitter but am unsure how that would affect the signal going into the device. This is what you should do and it's fine. If you're the type of person who's going to be incorporating a Kaoss Pad into your guitar rig, I can't imagine you're also overly concerned with any volume drop or whatever slight noise it could (probably won't) introduce.
&gt; we need to work in the systems we have if we want to get through this without catastrophic effects Cool. Taxation of the wealthy is an extent mechanism in the United States.
&gt; This will hurt the poor more than the rich. I mean the ocean swallowing up Miami and NYC and Boston and San Francisco will also hurt the poor more than the rich.
&gt; but even you say "dramatic again" at what point is it not speculation anymore? Uh how about when you react to an actual thing that's happening? &gt; How many times is a person allowed a pass? What's she getting a pass for? Seriously, try to answer the question for yourself. You're just dunking on her for literally nothing. You came into this thread to denigrate a person for nothing. Devi apparently dishes shit out, but you can **literally** make up a scenario where she acts and criticize her for said made-up scenario. What is it people say about glass houses?
So what? If they're worth talking about, they're worth talking about. It's not like a review is just reiterating the plot.
&gt; when they smack the shit out of you. whoa look at this big shot over here
&gt; I have never heard anyone call it groundbreaking back then. dude then you weren't paying attention
&gt; When a lameduck democrat nominates a justice I don't think you know what "lame duck" means if you think Obama was a lame duck when he nominated Garland. You're either ignorant or lying.
Can you just ban this dude? Who follows people around like that? That's fucking creepy.
Well we're not cannibals so that situation is pretty clearly different. You don't have to be obtuse.
&gt;"it's about selling the pedal buying experience" that's everything ***in 2018*** tbh
Those giant Boss ones would work, I guess.
&gt; Umm, the n/10 rating system for games. Yes, I understand what a rating is. But the phrase "9.5/10 games" is a nonsense phrase. Are you saying "the best"? Because that's debatable. Are you saying the best-selling? Because that's *not* debatable (and it's PC games like Fortnite that are really raking in the cash). Are you saying "most polished shiny production"? Because then maybe, but I fail to see why that's a noteworthy distinction to make. &gt; up for game of the year. At what? The Oscars? Who's nominating these games? Who's giving them the awards? What do these awards even mean? Are these "awards" what determines the score or vice versa? Or are they completely unrelated to each other and you're just conflating them?
Are you talking about What Remains of Edith Finch? You really think the trite, contrived, banal stories of Horizon Zero Dawn or Nier were demonstrably better than that? Read more books dude seriously.
yeah that's what I was trying to get at lol
&gt; Do you want me to apologize? I want you to say what you actually mean. &gt; I guess I could've said "the most highly rated games on Metacritic". Yes, you could have and should have. Because, as we all know, Metacritic is the be-all, end-all of video game quality. &gt; Would that have avoided this whole controversy? Not sure what's so controversial. I just wanted you to actually say something qualitative rather than appealing to the highest order, Metacritic.
&gt; for games yeah how is that not a clue
&gt; Robert E Howard's work was good quality. It has a legacy and has influenced people, but "good quality"? Idk man I don't think people are really looking toward Conan for its high quality writing.
Bass Synth Wah is amazing. Idk why it's so cheap, people just don't want it. Digitech somewhat updated it recently with the Dirty Robot but that leans more synth than filter. BSW is good as a straight up envelope filter.
&gt; With election results of 8% support instead of 0%, it's still a valid argument that he has some minority support Not really. It's mostly black *men.* Support for Trump among black women is almost zero. It's the same pattern among every demographic: men of every race support Trump more than women. Nobody claims Trump has zero minority support, but the only ethnic group that *does* break toward Trump is white people. And the white people who don't are statistically those with more formal education (except for educated white men over 35 because, again, men). And it's not even close among any group. &gt; It's possible he even received a Kanye bump I'm not even going to pretend that's a realistic conjecture. Black people aren't some monolithic bloc that blindly follow whatever the day's most popular rapper says.
&gt; How are you guys using cassettes with your pedals? And cool videos or techniques to share? [I recorded this of all cassette loops and pedals.](https://covfefemusicband.bandcamp.com/album/covfefe06) I also have another full-band thing I'm working on that has some reggae loop in the background.
I'd hope anyone who fucks with cassettes already knows Amulets.
&gt; I feel you on the aggressive man thing, but that was just a product of the era. OK? I mean... so what? The 1940s were shitty for gender and race relations. It wasn't *ok* that white people called black people the n-word and didn't give them jobs and redlined them into poor neighborhoods and mocked them in comedy theatre, it just happened.
&gt; Will Smith is... the best thing to come out of Philadelphia since cheese steaks. I mean Fresh Prince and Men in Black were good but lol
&gt; and that specific action can't be divorced from the context in which it occurred. I mean it can be and it has by multiple modern artists. That's kind of the point. When M. Ward tells Zooey Deschanel "the answer is 'No.'", it's not some secret feminist propaganda of the 1940s, it's a creep pressuring someone else for sex and literally not taking "no" for an answer.
Good shit. Never knew about that one.
&gt; It's like Oscar bait. It's not really. Oscar bait for video games is more like the [small-child-in-a-scary-world thing Yahtzee criticizes](https://www.escapistmagazine.com/articles/view/video-games/columns/extra-punctuation/17169-Get-Indie-Games-Away-From-the-Idea-of-a-Small-Child-in-a-Scary-W): cheap emotional pleas for the sake of legitimacy. GOTY nominations are more like if the Oscars nominated Thor 2 and Spider-Man 3 and The Dark Knight Rises and Battleship and Pacific Rim.
That honestly doesn't clear it up to me. I still don't understand the outrage of the song *not* being played? Why do people care so much that one radio station is choosing to not play one song? There are tons of Christmas songs they could be playing, new or old, some even originals.
That doesn't address my point at all. I'm *also* talking about the context of the song itself. The context is so easily changed just by changing the genders and contemporary musicians performing it (rather than it ostensibly being a 1940s period piece) that it shows how bad the. It's always had rapey overtones, it's just that in the 1940s, those were normalized. &gt; You can't take a single isolated lyric out of the context of the song it was in and judge it on its own. (a) Nobody is doing that. (b) Yes you can. What are you on about?
might as well get on the library waiting list now
nah I just have normie bad dreams about my career and my family and friends I have had good dreams about pedals, though.
no but what about clockwork orange??? checkmate libs
The meme literally criticizes the woman for being 6'3". Fuck off. Maybe you can listen to daddy Rogan tell you how tough he is for shaving his male pattern baldness and doing MMA.
what about selling boneshakers
Wii Fit Trainer low key top tier Smash character
&gt;What are some*actually funny* shows according to /u/BastillianFig? checkmate libs you gotta prove what edgy adult cartoons you *do* watch before you can criticize rik n marty
Nah, the only Rick &amp; Morty fans are the creeps like you say but then the other half who will jump into any conversation to go "ackshually it IS really deep it's just the fans are terrible."
I think he said he's doing a new video soon.
&gt;"This sub hates JHS" is the same exact thing as "dishonest mainstream media" at this point. "/r/guitarpedals has had enough of the experts!" btw Theresa May is delaying the brexit vote lol hmm too bad the experts couldn't help on this one
&gt;Meanwhile I bet their own post history isn't as innocent just the submissions alone are smoking cigars and pipes (not even the cool kind!!?) and something about playing Rust At least isn't back problems!
&gt; Do you at least understand the reason for the electoral college? I mean there are a ton and I can't think of one that really holds up to any amount of scrutiny. The Senate and judiciary are what prevent "tyranny of the majority" so that talking point is bunk. Questions of the logistics of communication are completely out the window. The EC has not only completely capitulated on its ability to prevent a demagogue, but states specifically crack down on it anyway. And how many bullshit protest votes (rather than genuine votes for actual candidates - Sanders/Gabbard? Faith Spotted Eagle? Ron Paul? Winona LaDuke? Susan Collins? A Democratic elector voting for John Kasich and Colin Powell?) we got in 2016 only furthers the argument that electors care more about dunking on Hillary Clinton than they do protecting the country from demagoguery. All the Electoral College does now is ensure uneducated white Christian men have an outsized say in the direction of our country, whether its from how the EC encourages campaigning mostly in Midwestern swing states or from how our primary system is geared to appealing to Iowa and South Carolina or how states with higher-than-average white populations have greater EC value than their relative populations.
&gt; I think that would easily be overcome with a good running mate, and more focused messaging in the general. There really isn't substantial evidence that a running mate generates that much of a difference. Maybe on the margins, but if we're down to the margins, we already have a problem.
&gt; You honestly believe that Centrist Democrats would not vote I think a lot of those suburban voters that just carried a Democratic wave into the House would not do the same for a guy whose platform boils down to "let's stop talking about civil rights but also let's tax people making over six figures and also free college which will totally happen for real trust me." They may not vote for Trump (though a lot of them will), but they just may not vote for a president at all.
&gt; I feel like he would be more effective then Obama Bernie can barely make compromises with his own caucus. What makes you think he could get anything through a Republican-controlled Congress?
The same was true for Hillary Clinton. That wasn't the question, though.
&gt; It's almost as if it's the candidate's job to actually unite their own base. I mean the candidate can't literally follow every person into the booth so there's only so much they can actually do. But sure, you're never responsible for any autonomous decision you make. That makes total sense. &gt; And I regret nothing. yeah your endless insistence on this really demonstrates how little you care
&gt; I feel like I see the AKAI MPK and a handful types of Volca (fm, beats, sample) a lot. Volcas are good as cheap sequencers and especially easy at working with each other, but they're not really good at using to play simple melodies. The FM especially is super confusing and both that and the Keys have kind of trash loopers (they technically don't have sequencers). And then the little ribbons on the front are bad for playing straight-up. You can get a keyboard with a 5-pin MIDI out and use that to control the volca but once you're at that point, you might as well buy a decent synth and start there. &gt; But is there a guide anywhere to break it down very simply about what does what and finding what is right for me? Not really. There are good videos on the Monologue and Microbrute floating around, two pretty exhaustive entry-level synths. That's about all you're going to get, though.
&gt; Any ressources on how to get started with keys? I've personally been getting better at keys by just straight-up writing in music notation. I know tabs and chord charts and random scribblings are easier for most guitar players, but it's worth just working through it to get over that hump. The biggest hurdles for me have been key signatures and sight-reading and I've had a lot of "a-ha" moments just through writing music. I don't think I'll ever get used to sharps vs. flats, though. I bought a cheap notebook of manuscript paper (it has a cute little infographic about the different keys on the inside front cover) and that's also been a huge help to physically write stuff down including building chords. I think a lot of the "start over from scratch" lessons aren't going to be great. They're boring and it will go over a lot of theory that you're at least somewhat familiar with and ultimately feel pointless. Playing "Mary Had a Little Lamb" over and over after you come home from work will just make you want to quit. &gt; Will my "hit random notes until it sounds alright" approach work eventually? Yes. As long as you're more or less playing in time and in the correct key. &gt; Should I get a MIDI guitar lol no
&gt; What's the easiest job that I can make a ton of money on with no experience? I hear there's a lot of money in streaming yourself eating noodles and shit.
&gt; Working as a server in a higher end restaurant or bar will have you rolling in tips. I'll be the wet blanket and say you actually do need experience and education to work in those kinds of bars. The "high money/no experience" bars are like clubs where all you do is open Budweisers for college students.
&gt; if you were to make a playlist of 5 songs to sum up your year, what would your 5 songs be? "The Song that Doesn't End" from Lamb Chop's Sing-Along five times
&gt; However can someone explain to me why Smash Bros consistently gets near perfect scores whilst having some of the worst online play options even compared to ~15 year old games like Halo 2. I mean is this a rhetorical question? We all know the answer.
&gt; I didn't even play it... But I will say that it's one of those few games I'd rank at 9+ how is this not the most ridiculous statement in the history of the world
I mean what's the rest of this list?
Russell Lissack who nobody seems to know for some inexplicable reason.
&gt; Next generation I'm expecting Sony and Microsoft to cop what is successful about their rivals' innovations and we can expect Switch-likes coming in the future from both of them I think you have it backwards. Nintendo didn't make their home console portable, they gave their portable console the ability to plug into your TV. Nintendo was coasting on the sales of their portables while their home consoles, save the Wii, flopped harder and harder. The idea that Microsoft will suddenly jump into the portable console market (or Sony will even bother again after how hard the Vita failed compared to the PSP's success) is a complete ass-pull.
I mean even if you do eventually find this on ebay or reverb, you're not going to be able to afford it. I don't understand why you want to have one of these in the first place? It sounds like he's using it as boring as possible. Just get any envelope filter.
/r/GunsAreCool I mean no there is no gun culture in the United States
&gt; get criticized for posting a YouTube video to make a point &gt; and then retort to that criticism with another YouTube video &gt; and then when that's pointed out you post one more YouTube video to drive your point home
&gt; Thanks buddy but you seem to be a dick dude sorry you didn't get the magic bullet answer you were expecting (that, you know, literally doesn't exist) but you don't have to be all petulant about
The thread wouldn't be complete without it.
&gt; let's talk about israel influencing US policies. Israel has freaking lobbyists in our own government. What other country does that? dude you're dangerously close to falling down some "~~jews~~ ~~Soros~~ ~~globalists~~ cultural elites secretly control the world" rabbit hole
&gt; So let me ask you, what is it specifically about Israel lobbying the United States government that gets under your skin so badly? lol is this a rhetorical question? I can think of one clear difference between Israel and every other country you listed.
Good call. Open borders for everyone is the way to go. I love when the far right implies borders are actually a bad thing.
&gt; Are you sure that her book would be a big seller Her book is bucking a lot of trends of the sales of books of former presidents and first ladies. So no, nobody was sure, actually. Nice try, though.
&gt; But Michelle Obama isnt an ex-President... I also don't see what difference it makes? What is so wrong with a former president writing a book anyway?
&gt; Former presidents get a generous pension, a full time security detail, and the government pays for their office, if they want one. Jesus Christ dude maybe she was just bored and/or wanted to write a book. Not everybody in the world wants to sit on their ass no matter how much money they have.
Because... freshman Congress members have direct access to this kind of information? Not sure when insider trading became "legal," or is insider trading just any trading a Democrat does?
&gt; I think it's because hard core racing sims are simply a crazy tiny market share What? Forza is one of the best-selling video game series of all-time. It's made literal billions of dollars. Horizon 4 alone sold more than Ni No Kuni, Pillars, and Yakuza 6 combined, IIRC.
&gt; I mean, imagine if RDR 2 or GoW were not in this top 20. What would be so wrong with that? Not everyone is obligated to enjoy those games and their opinion on other games is not invalidate if they don't. &gt; this is not 1 person's opinion, its "critics pick the best video games of the year". I mean it's literally "The Guardian's best video games of the year" written by only one of their writers so you're kind off-base here. It's not some aggregate of the best Metacritic scores - Metacritic already does that.
Last one was made by Sega even.
&gt;"He could have dissented and still the Court wouldn't have heard the case." &gt; &gt;No, one more vote and the court would have heard the case. I'm confused. Roberts *also* voted to not hear the case. Only Thomas, Alito, and Gorsuch dissented.
&gt; There is plenty of music that you can tell, OBJECTIVELY its just not good. You can also tell, objectively music that is well made. I mean except for all the well-revered music that's specifically not masterfully produced. What even are punk and no wave and outsider music, though, right? Nobody cares about James Chance and John Zorn and Glenn Branca and Captain Beefheart.
Dude are you still going on about Michelle Obama's book? She isn't a former president. She doesn't get a pension. Either way, who cares? She wrote a book. There's nothing wrong with writing a book. Are we suddenly going to write laws saying former presidents are no longer allowed to earn any further money? That's kind of absurd.
&gt; What I don't understand is why Ni No Kuni 2 and not dragon quest. Probably because they liked the former more than the latter. &gt; If you have to choose a JRPG to a GOTY list, you have to pick dragon quest. Or you pick the one you like the most.
&gt; You can not say RDR 2 doesn't have good graphics I mean the game is locked to 30fps and outputs at a really poor resolution on the Xbox One. And the quote unquote "4K" on the PS4 Pro is checkerboarded, not a native resolution. And let's not pretend it has zero issues with pop-in or collision. So even this idea that it objectively has high quality graphical performance or that we could even begin to objectively quantify it is fallacious. &gt; You never wondered why they teach music at such high academic level, or how much complexity it really has? Are you genuinely under the impression that high level music education is all about objective qualities of music? You know how I know you're full of it? &gt; If i press W, and the character keeps running for 2 more seconds, or there's a 2 second delay, its objectively bad. I mean.... sounds like what RDR2 does. &gt; The fact you cover such a huge topic with 1 word shows how little you understand. &gt; How intresting and fun something is comes down to... story... design Dude do you seriously not see the irony in this statement?
If you think my point was about attention, you don't understand a single thing about the conversation. Which is fine, but you can just say that. And that you're still so obstinate about it tells me you don't actually understand what critical reception is actually supposed to be. These styles are distinctly not well-performed, well-produced, meticulously crafted, or particularly well learned. But they're still wildly appealing with a ton of sticking power, critical praise, and a far-reaching legacy. "Objectively good" is not a real thing.
&gt; If its a combination of all the critics on a website, its very much like Metacritic but on a smaller scale. Uh... you *do* realize a number these reviews don't have scores at the end, yes? And some of them don't even have reviews to begin with. Explain to me in detail how you expect this guy to go through their year's worth of reviews and properly order them. Or is Celeste not allowed on this list because The Guardian didn't write a review? Does that mean Hot Pot Panic can never be "Game of the Year" because it doesn't have any reviews on Metacritic?
&gt; All this conversation i was not toxic Dude you literally started the conversation by calling the entire rest of the subreddit stupid. Learn to self-reflect once in a while.
&gt; I was talking about how the game looks Which is subjective. Which was the point. You can't argue that a game "objectively looks good" that isn't an argument for performance. And, as I suggested, even *that* is subjective. I didn't even say anything about install size, which is absolutely a trade-off (you know, a qualitative personal decision) when it comes to games with intricate details like this. &gt; Have you really not read anything i wrote? I've been saying all this time, its a combination of objective parts and subjective parts. Lol no you haven't dude. You've been saying a critic *has to* put aside their subjective feelings and only focus on the "objective" aspects of the game. Which, as I suggested, is fallacious to begin with. &gt; Yeah. Whats your point?' My point is it's reason for someone to disinclude the game from their end-of-year list. You agree, it has "objectively bad" elements.
&gt; And you're the type of person who... oh wait, i don't know. You know why? Cause i don't pretend to know what type of person you are. Yeah, god forbid I make an analogy to music appreciation when discussing video games. Ironically, you then *do* go on to presume you know shit about me anyway: &gt; you're gonna put the ending behind a 10000$ paywall, saying "game design is 100% subjective, some people might like this, its not bad game design at all". I'd unironically call that one of the best artistic statements made in a video game and that example is exactly why everything is subjective.
&gt;what if boutique pitch shifter but really it's just an octaver for loopers
&gt; There shouldn’t be some rule that says that any game with a slow start is automatically bad and irredeemable. I never said there is such a rule. But a criticism saying "I don't want to wait 10 hours just to get to the supposed enjoyable part (that I only found out about in an internet comment)" is a valid criticism. The critic is not wrong for saying that nor do they "have to" finish the game to be able to indict a game in such a way. Like... do you not understand how long ten hours is? Does anybody who defends it as "just a slow start that you gotta push through" understand? That's just about long enough to read an entire fantasy epic straight through. Ten hours of a bad story is not a just poorly told or complicated intro that only make sense in retrospect, it's a really long bad story.
&gt;You can appreciate music. Nobody said you can't. Except you implied my analogy to music appreciation is invalid so you kinda did say that. &gt; I literally just said i don't. I know you *said* that. But you **implied** otherwise. But no, I'm the ignorant one here. &gt; I guess nothing can be done when it comes to ignorant people like you who don't think that would be an objectively bad design. yeah I'm so ignorant that I know things about postmodern art damn I'm just so ignorant unlike you who is not ignorant and knows things about music and art.
&gt; but the quests are not blatantly the same 10 quests just slightly different. Yeah. In BotW, sometimes you go out and collect bundles of wood, sometimes you collect fireflies, sometimes you collect fruit. Sometimes you collect ten, other times you collect.... also ten. Ooh but that one quest, you collect ten then twenty then thirty then forty. So different. &gt; The Korok seeds on the other hand... I know lol. It's the feather thing from Assassin's Creed ***2***. You know, the game from 2009. The thing they stopped doing in the series. BotW isn't even "Ubisoft with a Zelda Skin," it's "Ubisoft from 2010ish with a Zelda Skin."
nice whole foods effort post tree
The presets. You can load any reverb algorithm onto any of those pedals. I think the Trinity has a couple algorithms loaded exclusively to it and that's really it.
Idk kalimbas are trendy now. Slapping a pickup on it isn't an unreasonable next step.
&gt; Societal stress over immigration policies was a major catalyst for Brexit... and Trump’s election. Yes. The *right* is overly concerned with immigration. &gt; the yellow vest riots in France dude this is about a regressive gas tax hike lol it has nothing to do with immigration
All it takes is one insurgent candidate. Like, you know, some millionaire lawyer who made his name by getting a porn star to over-aggressively sue the president.
Could easily do a whole lot better, too. We don't need to make the presidency a celebrity popularity contest.
&gt; For the Republicans, there is only one Rand Paul and he’s the only one on the right who I truly believe is working in the interest of the people. lol maybe the people running the Russian government
Closest thing is a Boss CE-3 but even that isn't entirely true. I never have one pedal on literally on all the time.
this is some old school memeing
Your personal identification number number?
Yeah but like I meant that not only is it still a classic sound (Jack White, John Frusciante, Arctic Monkeys) despite you not finding a use for it, the specific Tone Wicker variant is just the NYC sound but a couple more things. I don't particularly prefer that circuit either for my own purposes but I'd be lying if I didn't love the way it sounds in Arctic Monkeys songs.
It's not too late. This isn't breaking news. Everybody knows this already and has know it for years. They just don't care. Sixty million people knowingly voted for a drug using pedophile. Stop pretending it's not on his voters - they knew better all along.
&gt;Turn toan knob on guitar = you either do or don't hear yourself Are you sure you don't mean "toan knob on guitar = built-in wah pedal"? That's what reverb dot com taught me.
I mean it's a bit fitting when you think about it. It's a very longing song. MCR aren't particularly good songwriters but sometimes that "crying way too hard for a good 45 minutes and I actually might throw up if I dont calm down a bit" aesthetic is desired and they have that down pat, at least. who am I kidding though nothing beats the original
&gt; he is a moderate conservative who has some centrist positions. I mean this isn't even close to true, either. Which is the problem: it's not "bad" that you like him, but this meme that Kasich is some secret moderate or holds literally any moderate position is what's bad or at least wildly inaccurate. Just because the guy is soft-spoken or respects government institutions (in a field of Republicans who don't) doesn't mean he is in any way a moderate.
&gt; Joe Biden is because he encompasses 85% of my views, while Kasich is only 50%. I'm pretty sure this Venn diagram doesn't exist. &gt; but if the nominee is to progressive What's "too progressive" in this situation?
&gt; That’s the position I see a lot of conservatives take also. Basically, if government wasn’t involved in marriage, it would solve a lot of problems for people. I mean... I'm sure they *say* this. But how many conservatives are willing to give up their personal legal marriage benefits? Ones they don't even think of like visitation, inheritance, or custody? Saying nothing of how staunchly the Republican party literally was of same-sex marriage up until idk two years ago. [Some Republicans in office *still* are.](https://www.vox.com/2018/12/17/18140798/lgbt-eeoc-mike-lee-chai-feldblum-discrimination)
&gt; They had a very unfavorable map and most of the candidates that lost sucked anyway. The map is unfavorable to Democrats perpetually. &gt; EVEN THEN the electoral college's natural state gives the dems a huge advantage as it is so you really gotta be unpopular to lose at this point. What? No it doesn't. The EC gives Democrats the same disadvantage they have in the Senate: it benefits small, rural states.
&gt; his popularity numbers have tanked lol what are you smoking? He's been at a -10 since 2015. He's actually been lower *in his own presidency.* Nothing is different now than it was on November 7, 2016.
&gt; will do it again in 2020. Yes we all know you will. Stop lying to us about how you totally might not throw the election to Trump again.
He's been rumored for a while.
&gt; I feel like it aged really well. idk about that. Half the game is sword combat which, besides being dumb in a stealth game, is not well-designed, either. And a lot of the sound mechanics are just all over the place. It's way more confrontational than a stealth game should be, which I think is more a product of its time than the controls or anything. Like literally the second level is you fighting your way up a pit through a bunch of zombies. Why?
&gt; they don't go farther than South Carolina and never get past "super Tuesday". The fact that he won as much as he did demonstrated how poor a candidate Hillary Clinton was. He didn't even get that far. He was mathematically out of the running on Super Tuesday, he just wouldn't drop out. That's why "here's how Bernie can still win!" became such a meme.
&gt; Bernie is literally the most liked politician in america. He literally isn't though. He has strong approval ratings *in Vermont.* So does Patrick Leahy.
&gt; I'm curious as to why? Frankly, probably for some concession so he'd vote with the party line more often or possibly even continue caucusing with the Democrats.
&gt;and I'm just making excuses lol yeah btw how are those vocals going
&gt; only weeks
&gt; I think the person who made that Halo post probably needs to work on their analysis skills, or maybe their ability to communicate their ideas Or Halo just isn't that good. That's also an option. It's possible their analysis is *accurate.* Idk why you're writing that off?
&gt;That you think there's some 'objective' conclusion about Halo suggests to me you're in the same boat as that person, if not even worse. I mean I never even implied that but ok. &gt;I'd say you really need to learn the difference between opinion and fact. You will likely scoff at that notion, as many do, yet still make the mistake of not understanding the difference when it comes to \*your\* opinion vs fact. Again, I never said anything about my opinion being an indisputable fact so I don't know why you're getting all excitable here. All you're doing now is falling into the same trap OP is falling into: someone doesn't like Halo so they are wrong.
&gt; We're already 80% of the way there. "Urbanization" includes and is mostly suburbs. Most people do not live in cities in the United States.
&gt; is South Park right No. Stop getting your political philosophy from an edgelord cartoon, especially one run by a couple millionaires who explicitly hate liberalism and progressivism. Why does this keep coming up all over this sub?
His strong jawline and that one time he said "fuck" on TV.
&gt; Oh yeah man I'm such an edge lord I literally didn't say that but ok. Idk why you have to try to play the victim here but like... I just straight up didn't say that. My comment isn't even that long. &gt; Just because I thought this particular point brought up in this particular episode was interesting enough to warrant a discussion, doesnt mean Im basing my political philosophy off of South Park. "Just because I had a personal political philosophical thought influenced by South Park doesn't mean my political philosophy is influenced by South Park."
&gt; It was to the point where I could've flipped an Enzo for cash to buy a Minilogue or something if I had thought of it before the price-gouging started. lol get a Monologue you'll be happier
&gt; The character is honestly the least remarkable thing about the game. You're talking about a game that includes the Animal Crossing Villager, Wii Fit Trainer, Pokemon Trainer, Inkling, Mr. Game &amp; Watch (literally not even a character), ROB the robot, Ness, Captain Falcon, Ice Climbers, Little Mac, and three different Miis. I mean even Link and Mario were created with the intent of being blank slate characters.
&gt;man i love this place it's the least toxic subreddit ever /r/footpedals and /r/guitarpedalsboxes are pretty good
Because this one has different concrete.
Also Ford.
&gt;and whether you own a cat this but unironically &gt; No Goose Island or Lagunitas - that ain't really independent craft. yes but the OG Goose Island is actually still independent and the best of the three big popular regional craft beers &gt; No wine either -- that's for girls and this is a boys-only club. \&gt; implying anyone who posts on /r/guitarpedals even knows how to pronounce "sauvignon" &amp;#x200B;
&gt;not grinding spices by hand in a mortar &amp; pestle anyway man somehow stoner culture always finds a way to remind me how weed is actually worse than vaping and video games combined
I use all my distortion pedals with both the gain and volume knobs at zero.
Is this a serious question? For all kinds of reasons. To pay for social programs in the first place, inflation, changes in the value of currency, increases in population, increases in life expectancy, times of high unemployment, advances in standards of living. These all cause fluctuations in the cost of social programs.
&gt; Shouldn't liberals clearly lean towards not causing unnecessary harm towards animals? What about "liberalism" implies "no harm to animals"? Liberalism as a concept is a political philosophy, and political philosophies are concerned with the welfare of *humans.* Further, you'd have to define "unnecessary" before you can start talking about how liberals shouldn't want to cause "unnecessary harm" and I think that's where you're going to get most of the disagreement.
&gt; What's the way to raise it? Make it possible to raise a family on a median salary? Idk that's a good first step for me.
thatsjoke dot jay peg
I do lol
/r/guitarpedal
yeah but what if I just really want that 181.56 degree on my BD-2's gain knob we can just get so granular here
No shit.
did you know pepper isn't actually a pepper?? it's pepper*corn* gottem
damn good call
I see *this* argument all the time and I couldn't disagree more. There's literally nothing in the present-day scenes that suggests Kvothe ruined anything or is lying or that he's not some magical godlike figure. In fact, the present-day scenes show the *opposite.* And that's entirely true of NotW, too, not solely WMF. He's still a secret genius, he still beats away scary monsters, he is still a clever jokester, he can still learn someone's years-long-crafted cipher in five seconds. There's no evidence that he messed up, there's no evidence that the world is ruined or that he did it, there's no evidence that he's on the lam, there's no evidence that he's no longer self-confident. Literally none of that is there, it's all guesswork by fans to fill in the blatant gaps in the plot and characterization. The only difference between the present-day and the flashback stories is that he dropped the "v" from his name and owns a pub now. This fantheory that Kvothe is just an unreliable narrator telling a bunch of hyperbole is just that: a fantheory. It only works when you apply it retroactively. And when a character is only good when retroactively applying a fantheory, the character actually isn't good.
&gt; The rest of the world doesn't cater to the sensitive folks in the west. "Other countries are racist so it's ok when this thing is racist."
Is that even "political correctness" though? That pregnancy is exclusionary? It just sounds... incorrect. Plenty of cis women can't get pregnant, too.
&gt; Are you deliberately twisting the term Person of color? I mean obviously they are.
wait wtf who brought one of these to a Guitar Center in Miami?
at least an hundred dollars
&gt;she was just pranking me yeah that's it haha just jokes bro &gt; nah you can check my profile I'm not one for internet points Even if you weren't lying (which you are), posting a blurry picture of someone else's gear without any commentary is literally still fishing for fake internet points.
wow idk which is worse don't care about karma points tho
Musk's dad owns an emerald mine in South Africa.
&gt;Step 2: be a chump for literally your whole life done
&gt; Walking must be a pain for 70% of people here with their big size 13 shoes I mean it is a little bit lol but I can still turn on pedals.
They had pedals in the sixties... That said, I'm not really hearing any modulation, though? Just sounds like Reed/Morrison cranked the reverb on his amp. Velvet Underground got a lot of cool sounds by doing different things with instrumentation (in general, this song is pretty traditional garage rock). No cymbals on the drums, viola drones (with a viola strung with strings from other instruments), low-mixed distorted bass, rubato tempos. There were two guitarists so it could frankly just have been two guitars playing slightly out of time with each other.
DOD Death Metal
shit
I'm surprised Ben Carson is somehow still there. For a lot of reasons.
&gt; You can take a flight which takes like 1 hour I mean is it one hour really? Or one hour in the air? NYC to Boston is "one hour" but it's also significantly further out in the city to get to either airport and then you gotta get there significantly earlier for one reason or another and then yeah finally it's one hour in the air. Or you take a 4 hour Amtrak ride for half the price.
abolish the nfl though unironically
&gt;While I don't think this post is not without merit, we have to remember *Trump gave Republicans their majority*. Not really? Trump *lost* Republicans their majority (and hard) last month. They even lost some ground in Congress at the same time Trump was elected Republicans got their majorities partially due to voter apathy but mostly by running as a check on overly liberal spending. But of course they never meant it. Paul Ryan spent six years whining about the deficit and then what did he do? Increase spending and lower taxes so it was all deficit-funded.
&gt; alt left That's not a thing.
&gt; "If only the more right leaning candidate had won the nomination in 2008, surely we would have gotten more progressive policies than under Obama." That's a hell of a take. What are you actually talking about? She was not only running to the left of Obama on healthcare in 2008 (Obama was *against* the individual mandate, unlike Clinton and Edwards, but don't let that stop you from pretending Hillary Clinton is a secret Republican) but had a stronger record of working across the aisle. The obstinate refusal to accept this is *exactly* why I said "I don't think anyone around here wants to accept it."
&gt; She ran to his right. I mean this is just straight-up provably false.
&gt; People said that about Donald Trump. Yeah it's not exactly a hot take to say that 2008 and 2016 were different political environments. Hence my point about the lack of a Tea Party and Obama's hypothetical ability to pick up 2016. I'm convinced that a substantial part of the 2016 political environment (and 2010 and 2012 and 2014 and 2018) was a socially conservative right-wing reaction to a black president and I think anybody who says otherwise is kidding themselves. Trump's political clout alone shot up because he was a birther. That alone wouldn't have happened had Clinton won the 2008 nomination. &gt; leading McCain not to make such a desperate VP choice, which could lead to HRC losing The choice of Palin as VP was a Hail Mary, not some misguided nosedive of a mistake. He picked Palin *because* he was losing, not the other way around.
Could? Sure. Will? Doubt it. Doesn't mean someone shouldn't try. The most important step is the right candidate running. I'd much rather Beto re-run for Senate than President. I know Ted Cruz is easy to hate, but John Cornyn isn't exactly the most inspiring guy, either.
ITT: incumbent senators + famous people I think only like... four presidents have come from Congress at all? One of which was Lincoln coming from the House? Nobody here has any idea what they're talking about, myself included.
What? No. Why would he? This bill was Cory Booker's and Rand Paul's baby. They've been pursuing it for years. And they even say it's not nearly enough, hence the name.
&gt; The role of the executive is to act quickly and decisively when required, and that is best done by an individual rather than a group. The executive branch is more than just "the president." Even leaving aside the VP, the president's cabinet, executive departments, and agencies are still considered part of the executive branch. So that's everyone from Pompeo to Andrew Wheeler to John Kelley to Linda McMahon.
I do find it weird that many states have separate elections for AG and Secretary of State and even Lt. Governor but only one election for the executive at the federal level.
&gt; without any sort of marketing effort I mean that's just false. You can literally buy a Linux disc in a box at a store. There are Linux ads everywhere. Linux even has a fucking *mascot.* What is that if not marketing?
Bathrooms moving forward will move more toward single-use with maybe a shared sink space. I'm thinking restaurants, shops, that kind of thing. I see that as an inevitability for a ton of reasons. That said, nobody is going to retroactively change gendered bathrooms and there is no need anyway. Idk what will happen in airports, stadiums, etc. but I don't see any problem with what we have now that needs fixing. Modern museums seem to have this figured out while *also* being gender neutral (one very large room with floor-to-ceiling walled stalls and a bunch of shared sink space). Go to any large North American or European city and you'll find yourself using something like this.
&gt; 90% of platformers. Well... yeah. That's why nobody cares about Aero the Acro-Bat, Bubsy the Cat, Yo Noid, or Bucky O'Hare anymore. Or, in the 3D realm, I-Ninja, Kameo, or Chameleon Twist. 90% of platformers are bad for specifically this reason. We intentionally select for the best 10% and that's all we remember.
&gt; I just don't get why anyone would make this crap up. People just lie. Even in real life but especially on the Internet. Idk what it is. Work in any customer service position for six months and you'll learn how often people lie about shit that doesn't matter let alone important things. It's distressingly often.
&gt; lose cannon I somehow always forget that happened.
ah ok so "trap/nu-metal" and "post-nu-metal" are kinda getting at the same thing?
Bush**
&gt; talking about nintendo games on the internet yeah
&gt; and the trade sub might wanna rethink that one too...
What problem are you actually solving by going this route? You sell your pedals to basically break even so you can do essentially the same thing? Just sounds like a lot of work for no reason.
Only octave down? Not a lot. That glitchy, lofi sound people like from the OC-2 is present in any analog octaver. A digital octaver (like the OC-3) is a different story but it'll be a very different sound.
&gt; They made Kid Icarus: Uprising. Yeah and they've sure done a whole lot with that franchise since, huh?
&gt; What about Star Fox? That got a new game. Yeah, and they'd been making those games all the time throughout. Two GameCube games, a DS game, and a 3DS game. And it flopped anyway.
&gt; Check that list. F-Zero GX wasn't far behind it. It's in the top 20, right behind RE4. Yeah, and you might want to check what's right behind *that.* It's Bratz: Rock Angels, with Pokemon XD and Shrek 2 not too far behind.
&gt; Hitting a bunch of boost pads and flying into some turns is a rush. There's a huge audience for that kind of intense "dialed in" gameplay. Dude what? Grab some random people and hand them a controller with F-Zero and watch how quickly they want to switch to Mario Kart when their car explodes on the first lap and they don't know what to do. F-Zero has very little mass appeal and that's been the case for every single game they've released.
&gt; The masses didn’t want fighting games [anymore] until Nintendo found a way to tweak the formula in a way that appealed to them yeah because Mortal Kombat wasn't so popular that it had two movies when Smash Bros came out
It's mostly arbitrary. Accounting for inflation, minimum wage in the late 60s/early 70s or so (when it really started to stagnate) would be equivalent to about $12/hr today. Accounting for inflation *plus* the increase in productivity we have had since, minimum wage in the 70s would be closer to $19/hr today. So it's mostly somewhere in between those two that accounts for both of those as well as not being a gigantic leap forward. And it's a lot easier to sell "a minimum wage worker today makes $15k/year - they should be making at least twice that" (in terms of marketability of the slogan) than it is to sell "they should be making at least 2.75x that."
&gt; it feels like I haven’t even heard the name “Dr.Ford” since early October. Then that means you haven't been reading the news. Her name has been in the news as recently as this month. There was an investigation into Kavanaugh in a lower court and it basically ended with the court saying, despite the 83(!) ethics complaints being serious, lower courts by design have no authority for investigating/charging judges that sit on higher courts. So it'd take Congress (the one that just approved his nomination) or the rest of the Supreme Court to do anything to him. So yeah. Once someone is on the SC, there's not really anything to do. Which is why shit like protest votes or sitting out elections is so fucking awful. The problem isn't that Kavanuagh did nothing, the problem is that there is literally no mechanism to do anything about what he did do.
&gt; I’m very well informed about the issue I mean clearly you're not if you [haven’t even heard the name “Dr.Ford” since early October.](https://www.cnn.com/2018/12/12/politics/christine-blasey-ford-gymnast-larry-nassar-sexual-abuse/index.html)
&gt; Would it be fair for Republicans dude is this seriously where you're at right now If we cared about "fairness," Merrick Garland would have been seated to the Supreme Court three years ago and Brett Kavanaugh would have had his nomination pulled immediately. What kind of question even is this? Give me a fucking break.
I mean this is still as inexhaustive as any other list. As much as someone may like to pretend they play every video game, they're really not: these lists are all self-selecting for popularity. It's all games that get the most coverage due to either some chance pop culture zeitgeist (Celeste, Red Strings Club) or a huge marketing push (RDR2, GoW). Shit on Rock Paper Shotgun and Waypoint all you want (and people do, I see them criticized on this sub quite a bit), but at least their end-of-year lists are honest representations of the games they played that year. Where else are you going to find a Top 10 list that includes Circle Empires, Paratopic, SkateRide, Dead in Vinland, The Haunted Island: A Frog Detective Game, and The Pizza Delivery Boy Who Saved the World all on one list? Or Picross S2, DanMachi - Memoria Freese, and Hot Pot Panic? Or Slay the Spire, Jazztronauts, The Hex, and Zones? This little experiment does little more than add one more thing to the huge pile of evidence of how pointless "objectivity" in video game reviews is.
So you think the Dreamcast "would have" capitalized more on the GameCube's market share than the Xbox's?
&gt; we don’t have many progressives who are younger and qualified yet Warren's only been in office one term. We have plenty of single-term progressives, some even two-term.
SD-1 is the same circuit as the Tubescreamer essentially. The clipping is slightly different but overall they're incredibly similar. Also worth looking at different variants of the Tubescreamer depending on which you're looking at. Deluxe, Turbo, Mini, some old variants like the TS7, or even other clones like the Green Rhino.
oh because they read that either on KotakuinAction, FreeWorldNews (??), or ImGoingToHellForThis. Or I guess now /r/louisck.
Idk think about bands like Toe, LITE, And So I Watch You From Afar, and even 65daysofstatic and El Ten Eleven. They all kinda straddle the line between math rock and post rock to one degree or another.
&gt; This attitude is why conservatives continually win the messaging war Because the country is still majority white and they pander to white resentment? Yeah.
&gt; Not liking Harry Potter and Marvel Movies is totally fine. Thinking that makes you better than other people makes you sound like an elitist idiot. idk man blaming Stan Lee for Donald Trump and the Tea Party is a bit worse than "elitist idiot."
&gt; Biden pretty much IMO represents the centrism that the Dems need to abandon if they want to actually address the issues facing our country. I think "centrism" frames the issue poorly. It's not that moderate ideology or policies are the problem (I mean we could say they're part of it, but that's another topic IMO), it's how Biden can't stop bending over backwards to praise Republicans and saying Trump is an aberration. It's not that he doesn't want progress, but he wants progress within a mindset of the 1980s where if your neighbor or family member was being racist or homophobic, you didn't speak up because then *you* would be the one starting shit and ostracizing *them.* John McCain wasn't a bad guy, he just wanted to take healthcare away from poor people, bomb the Middle East, and thought gay people shouldn't adopt children. Wow, what a great guy who I just happen to ***d i s a g r e e w i t h.***
&gt; conservatives just won big there. Didn't they win by like two points?
&gt; She never came to Indiana during the 2016 season either. yeah she didn't go to Louisiana either wtf???
&gt; but they still manage to get out to the polls to vote for the lesser of two evils Do they, though? I think that's a pretty strong claim. 2016 went to Trump in a large part because tons of people stayed home in battleground states.
&gt; Arguably Bernie voters are more loyal to the DNC than any other in the modern history. That's not really accurate. [Bernie voters only turned out for Clinton about 75%.](https://fivethirtyeight.com/features/bernie-sanders-was-helped-by-the-neverhillary-vote-what-does-that-mean-for-his-chances-now/) They went for Trump in smaller numbers than maybe other past primary candidates' supporters went for the other party, but a much larger proportion went third-party, wrote someone in, or stayed home.
&gt; With a variable polling error rate of 3-4% so this validates my number of 93% For one, no it doesn't (at the most generous, twelve minus four is *not* seven). For two, that's not how margins of error work. &gt; Did you read how they got their sample pool? Getting *fifty thousand* respondents in a poll from a popular polling firm in conjunction with Harvard? You couldn't ask for better sampling tbh.
&gt; It's a fact that more of Bernie's supporters supported Hillary Clinton in the election than her supporters voted for Barack Obama. [It's not a fact.](https://fivethirtyeight.com/features/bernie-sanders-was-helped-by-the-neverhillary-vote-what-does-that-mean-for-his-chances-now/) But sure, when it's your guy, it's a "damaging stereotype." When it's the candidate you didn't like, "it's a fact" despite you not having any numbers.
&gt; The pursuit of electrification of cars is silly. lmao do you really believe this is something Musk spearheaded &gt; Saving money and resources on spaceflight also pointless. Creating faster transportation routes and eco-friendly building materials all at once or these tbh
&gt; Bunch of hipsters from Portland oh no god forbid people from a big US city do a thing
&gt; But the fact that they have been heavily advertising this thing on gaming subreddits for the past few weeks screams of desperation Because... they're marketing a video gaming device to gamers? The nerve.
&gt; I have a bunch of music I should record or learn to play, but my time is so short. Same. I have a OneNote full of miscellaneous ideas, written notes of just random thoughts, and a To-Do list full of more specific themes but I've only started "officially" writing like one of them at this point. I have a vacation to SF coming up soon so I'm hoping I have time to write more concrete things down, maybe the change of location will be helpful. I'm not really one to pack anything more than a notebook when I travel, though. Maybe I should change that?
&gt; This concern about "electability" and "charisma" strikes me as code for Will America elect a woman? Because it is. Or, more accurately, it's "Will America elect someone who isn't a straight white Christian man?"
&gt; a meaningless bone with zero impact Except it's neither meaningless nor does it have zero impact.
&gt; people overestimate PC gaming only because of the vocal US/Euro audience That's the entire audience of Xbox. It doesn't sell in the East.
&gt; When I say cyberpunk I mean cyberpunk 2077 and deus ex. So you mean an 80s sci-fi visual aesthetic, not the actual themes of cyberpunk. Cyberpunk is just a genre about technological advancements juxtaposed with stratified social classes. I mean that's straight up where the name comes from (and why in my personal opinion all these "-punk" spin-off genres fail - they're too often all about the diesel, clock, or atom and forget about the punk). There's not really a way to define cyberpunk that doesn't include at least the second Watch Dogs. &gt; Then I guess we already live the nightmare. I wouldn't necessarily argue against it.
&gt; Guitars pretty much sound the same. yeah I still have my made in Mexico telecaster from high school and I remember some Guitar Center bro kept trying to convince me that the made in America version was way better because idk it was twice the price
They use a ton of pedals in smart ways so it could be anything really. Russell really leans in the his PS-5, DD-5, RV-5, POG and OG Memory Man in general. Idk probably one of those. I don't think it's the PS-5 since he uses those for glissando and DD-5 because he uses those for stutter and reverse. Probably the POG or RV-5. Kele uses the FM4 a lot but I don't think that's a Kele part.
Yeah, but don't Strymon pedals have cab sims on the outs usually?
&gt; Very few people actually want to work in these kinds of places though. Are you seriously implying "very few people" want to work in New York and San Francisco?
Nah, half the country just likes what he has to say.
&gt;And yes, it's influenced by Kanaya and Rose meeting in Homestuck, how they also started chatting out of order. That was from Doctor Who...
&gt;Also lol the fact that I completely forgot Booker while making that list of 12 is a good indication of where his candidacy stands. Except he's polling better than like half the people you listed?
Or do literally anything else with your time.
&gt;do these people not understand ~~pride~~ anything isn’t for them? Literally no.
Jesus Christ dude let your banal ass grudge go and answer the fucking topic. What a shock, liberals and conservatives disagree about abortion. What does that have to do with Iran? Why are you so insistent on dodging the question? It's telling to me that the only top level response in this thread is yours trying to get a "win" on OP for the most stereotypical of political disagreements - why can't any conservatives just answer the question?
Great, liberals are praising a guy that opposes almost everything they believe in out of petty spite, despite there being endless better examples. Makes sense. Guess we should start praising Glenn Beck next?
&gt;people love Zelda music They're completely different games. Traditional style of music fitting one game doesn't mean it will inherently fit another just because they're technically from the same series.
lol I hope nobody thinks that's actually what my criticism is
For a variety of reasons. I'm sorry but this can't be a serious question. Healthcare is more than routine annual checkups and elective procedures like lasix or plastic surgery. Huge portions of healthcare are unpredictable (think of something as innocuous as an ambulance taking you to a further away hospital for the sake of space - that cost is passed down to the patient) and huge amounts of other procedures are tantamount to "do this or die a slow painful death." No amount of signage and price tags will help a diabetic get the insulin they need to survive to the next week at an affordable price when their other option is literally death. Why would a supplier offer insulin at a low price when they know the consumer will buy it at a higher price? The healthcare industry *necessitates* regulation to be a true free market just by nature of the consumer lacking even a modicum of bargaining power.
&gt;I don’t think you understand the premise. I understand the premise perfectly fine so you can cut the condescending bullshit. You're not even arguing my point anymore, you're blatantly arguing past it. I addressed this premise in my previous comment and all you're doing is reiterating your first point, not addressing my own. &gt;I think Vox has even done a video in favor of transparency laws. It’s not really a conservative only idea. &gt;We all understand some things are still required to stay alive like insulin. Transparency laws won’t be the end all be all for that problem. I never said they're either a bad thing or a conservative-only thing. You, however, did. You said a "conservative dream world" would be one where all procedures would be transparent like Lasix and that's why universal healthcare is a bad idea (you know, the premise of the topic you were addressing).
I always knew being a jackass and criticizing guitar culture could be used for good. Always wanted my music to have further reach but I guess if it's guitar pedals memes being used to advance social progressive causes in the Trump era instead, that's ok. Can't wait for those JOAL pedals to be worth millions because of my stupid subreddit - basically the Schumann of 2019.
&gt;Caroline Guitar Company just did a similar thing earlier this week for the Trevor Project Oh wait that's awesome. The Trevor Project is so great. Sorry I missed that run.
big oof
man why you gotta bring politics into rock music??!?
&gt; I found this amazing circuit analysis earlier today I high-key love this pedal, so glad you found this. DOD has so many pedals that need more treatment like this. Love random pages like [this.](http://mirosol.kapsi.fi/category/dod/)
bruh those don't go for $500 because nobody knows about them
I don't have to imagine it. It's not great.
&gt;and actually had some pretty progressive policies back in MA Yeah, because Democrats held a supermajority in both chambers of the legislature. Romney actually shifted rightward immediately after winning his election, probably to gear up running for president, and became so unpopular so quickly that he didn't even bother running for a second term. And now that he's a senator, he's basically the most generic Republican ever. There's no reason to think he'd be any friend to anything smelling like a liberal policy.
I never claimed it was going to happen. That is the concern, though. It's disingenuous to imply that concern isn't valid. When Jill Stein suggested wiping away all student loan debt, she rightly got criticized for her ill thought out economic policy. When Bernie does it (plus wants to flip the healthcare industry on its head overnight), well now there's "no evidence" therefore nobody should be worried about the impact of huge structural changes to our economy? Don't be obtuse, it's not outlandish to be worried about what night happen.
Not even. You can be an ineffectual capitalist and still think it's bad to celeb worship a billionaire grifter apartheid-era emerald mine trust fund baby. Thinking idolization of Musk is in any way ok is like all those conservatives who like Trump's platform but just wish he'd tweet a bit less often - they like the stuff they're doing except when people talk about it.
&gt;an emerald mine in a non-Apartheid country. oh true he just luckily traded his apartheid-era private jet that he bought with his apartheid-era money and hired workers in the apartheid country that he lived in all to run an emerald mine internationally phew that's much better
The mine was located in Zambia, which wasn't an apartheid state. So the most charitable defense of Musk's family is still "his father used his South African apartheid-era fortune to sell a private jet to Italian millionaires on a whim and then bought a Zambian emerald mine with the profits, the product of which he cut with a gemcutter back in South Africa." All of which happened during apartheid. Which is, ya know, still not great.
How? By not winning a primary?
&gt;I wonder when r/guitarpedals will just become r/abunchofstuffiown. Like three years ago or so? I don't know, when was this sub made again?
&gt;Their history with licensed games isn't all bad, transformers devastation was really good They've only made three licensed games and one was well-received but not their best, the other two pretty poorly received at best. That's not a great track record. Nor am I sure how you're differentiating "shovelware licensed games." &gt;Fighting games like what arc systems make aren't exactly the most accessible games This is a really weird misconception Reddit gamers have with fighting games. Other than Nier Automata, Platinum games really don't sell particularly well at all. And Dragon Ball FighterZ performed better not only critically than Nier Automata but matched it in sales. I think it performed better critically than all Platinum Games other than Bayonetta 2, even. Idk what it is about a Platinum game that you think is more "accessible" than a three-button 2D fighter based on a beloved long-running property that already had a pretty good track record of video game adaptations, especially in the realm of fighting games.
&gt;I could be made to believe that there are men who hold opinions of women similar to those that Nynaeve and Co. have of men, but if they do, they do not express them publicly; for if they do, they are rightfully ostracized for it. Or elected president, vice president, prime minister, or nominated for the supreme court. One of those. The vice president of the United States literally will not meet alone in a room with a woman. It has nothing to do with how you grew up because the shit you're describing still happens now.
Everything this guy does is worth watching, but the video games ones especially for this sub. "X is genius/garbage and here's why" has almost become a meme at this point for how well it works. Fallout 3, Dark Souls 2, Bloodborne, Sherlock, Skyrim, Speedrunning (and the DK64 stream that came from it) the Killing Joke movie, Dragon's Lair, Lisa, Yooka-Laylee, all three Serious Lore Analysis videos, the one about video game critics.
Jfc it's not "dedicated to his wife," it's psychotic. Nothing innocuous about that quote at all. The fucking Speaker of the House is a woman, he's the president of the Senate. They're the leaders of the legislative branch together. That he won't meet with the other leader of the legislative branch alone because of her gender is definitively misogynistic and so is waving it away as "dedication to his wife." Saying nothing of the many governors, cabinet members, federal officials, and generally just journalists and DC officials that are women.
&gt;Trying to avoid pointless controversy seems pretty reasonable. What controversy, exactly, is he avoiding? What possible controversy could come of the number 2 and number 3 officials of the United States government having a meeting? Further, what controversy could come of a recognized journalist, say Maggie Haberman or Rachel Maddow, interviewing the vice president one-on-one? What would be so different about that interview than Chuck Todd or Chris Wallace conducting it? &gt;He's a public figure in a position of power, literally him being alone with any woman for a period of time means the potential for rumors and tabloid garbage especially ever since the whole Clinton deal. Right, same reason Chuck Schumer's and Barack Obama's careers were ruined: for meeting with the Speaker of the House. Definitely no misogyny there. &gt;There are so many other things to dislike about Pence such as the whole electroshock therapy insanity that going after this in particular just makes no sense. There are so many things to dislike about Pence and this is one of many in the pile. He treats women differently than men solely based on their gender. That's definitively misogynistic and, to tie it all back to the topic, entirely a point in the favor of WoT's gender roles.
&gt;I feel bad that you can't just let someone believe something different than you. When that belief is harmful? Yeah, I'm absolutely going to criticize it. But sure, you're the reasonable one here by letting shitty people continue to go unquestioned. Again, there's no disagreement to be had here. There's a dude being misogynistic and there's you defending him. And now you brushing me off because you don't like that I said so. &gt;I'm going to block you now. Wow thanks for proving how you're totally 100% taking the high road.
No, except for literally the one thing I confuse in Monster Sanctuary where I think the wind symbol is a flame every single time. It takes me a second and isn't as intuitive as the classic water-fire-grass triangle. I actually prefer it when typing systems aren't just cribbed from Pokemon. Not because I get them, but because it forces me to rethink it. Pokemon is too easy to get into a basic groove and sweep with type advantages and all the challenge and interest disappears. What bothers me the most, if you'll excuse me being pedantic for a second, is when something cribs the Pokemon typing system but then changes the names, like "grass" is now "plant" and "water" is now "aqua," that kind of thing. Like Pokemon didn't invent the concept of elements, just use the words.
...why? If it's a fundraiser?
yeah and it's bad when candidates pander all those other times too
&gt;Sweden has a pretty good social safety net to take care of it. Pretty big detail there.
&gt;he doesn’t come close to the imperialist bloodshed of his predecessors Yeah, Trump only uses war to cover up his scandals, which is less bad somehow. At least he's not an imperialist who's involved in the literal exact foreign wars as the past two, arguably four, presidents.
She's a conservative in the US, too.
&gt;Hillary should absolutely go away Imagine still being obsessed with all the nothing Hillary Clinton does and calling yourself a progressive.
&gt;She’s currently on a media tour with her talentless daughter Oh no not that. &gt;just because she can’t stay out of the limelight. yeah man that "going on late morning talk shows to talk about a vague empowerment book for little girls" sure is the limelight how corrupt of Chelsea Clinton to do that and progressive of you to see her for what she really is &gt;and thats saying something. Yeah, that our electoral system is broken and the world is falling into racially charged right-wing populism. But sure, it's Hillary's fault somehow.
lol it's 100% not unique to American or political subs so idk what distinction you're making here
&gt;Redditors are hardcore libertarians and virtue signal having a "live and let live attitude" that they never live up to in practice. Until a woman does something they find annoying. Locking bikes up to your fence violates the NAP, apparently.
If the OC-2 is a more expensive option, relatively speaking, there aren't many good quality octavers. Maybe some clones like the behringer and TC but I honestly can't think of many.
Yeah the Rat is kind of a meme but Mini and Gunslinger are very good pedals.
&gt;Does my autistic ass need a waiver to vote in his system? That's charitable of you to assume he'd want you voting.
&gt;It was a comic about how white people exclude minorities, and then, when those minorities have their own culture, white people are butthurt about being excluded, invite themselves in and kick the minorities out again. I think it goes even beyond race. Could be a coincidence but I would swear he made the comic while the straight pride parade was in the news. Could also be applied to gender, e.g. that woman-only event at a Blizzard convention that made male gamers have a meltdown. &gt;Before you downvote me to hell, I never said that I agree with the message... What would be so bad about agreeing with such a message?
&gt;Don’t know how that sub doesn’t get quarantined for stuff like that Reddit admins are nazi sympathizers who unironically prep for the zombie apocalypse.
Yes, the comics aren't very well constructed even beyond their blatant bigotry.
&gt;Dude if you want to stop buying stuff because of shitty working conditions, you’d have to avoid buying a lot of stuff. Yes, people should be more informed consumers. I never understand why people say this as if it's a point *against* not buying things. It's a sad state where we're so hyper-consumerist that the most predictable retort is "well you want to buy more things so you should buy this first thing anyway." Like no, how about we just make better decisions all around?
&gt; I think pretty much any AAA game would be off the radar if someone took that stance. I don't understand why you say that like it's inherently a bad thing.
&gt; But oh weel, people accept that shit Right, and they shouldn't.
&gt;I think it's also important to point out that it is a very unusual American perspective that proper treatment of employees and worker's rights is the CONSUMERS' responsibility to control. Of course the best course of action is to actually vote for left-wing and center-left politicians who will regulate this shit, but let's not pretend our only option for now isn't to have better spending habits. And let's not pretend this is some uniquely American problem.
&gt; have a different postgame loop. Maybe breeding creates neat cosmetic differences. Did you even watch the trailer? Breeding creates unique monsters that you can't find in the wild. That's been a classic monster taming mechanic as far back as Dragon Quest. It's a core gameplay loop, not a postgame loop.
They tried hard to copy Pokemon systems. Except the breeding system is clearly not inspired by Pokemon. Except now it's also bad because it's not exactly like Pokemon. So if it's bad in comparison to Pokemon then they shouldn't just copy everything from Pokemon. Does that sound about right?
Which is just a band-aid solution to fix a mechanic that necessitates grinding. Instead of overhauling the mechanic to one that, frankly, goes further than Temtem (I think Temtem doesn't go far enough to be honest and I'm not just being facetious) or just reimagines the mechanic completely, they give you an out because anything else would be a change and change is bad.
There are a decent number of recurring characters they could pick, though I honestly do think Tingle would be the most interesting. He had three of his own spin-offs and would be the most unique moves-wise, though of course that is basically meaningless for Smash. There's also Vaati, Impa, Twinrova, and Agahnim. Or even look toward Hyrule Warriors for oddball picks like Agitha and Fi. Take that a step further and they could have someone else weird like Groose, Happy Mask Salesman, Master Kohga, Beedle, Kaepora, Ravio, or Linebeck. It's Smash, they could do anything they want.
And I think *this* statement disingenuously downplays the criticism. It's not literally "too many swords," it's that Smash went from a game where Mario, Kirby, Pikachu, and Link were all in one arena despite all being incongruous stylistically and slowly evolved (or devolved, depending on how you feel) to an anime fighting game. The first game had one sword guy. He was his own unique thing and represented his series. Melee only had four, two of which were clones. One set was from this weird series that never even left Japan, the other still used other tools from his games. It was still some cool variety both in terms of moved and repping Nintendo series. Brawl added Metaknight, Pit, and Ike (and dropped Roy), which at the time honestly were fan favorites and did not really tip the scales with the other additions. But then Smash 4 added Cloud, Corrin, Shulk, Dark Pit, Lucina, and Robin, a bunch of realistic humanoid styled sword fighters (Palutena and Bayonetta being another realistic styled fighter using realistic-ish weapons doesn't help). All while removing a handful of non-sword fighters from Brawl. It's not overwhelming, but it's certainly a big change. Now Ultimate "brought everyone back," so you got three Links (weird but ok, goes with the theme), gave Ganondorf a sword, and added Chrom, Hero, Joker, and now Byleth (and like Palutena, I'd argue Simon and Richter exacerbate the "anime human" complaint). You've got half the DLC characters being very humanoid anime sword-wielders, a pretty big disappointment after Piranha Plant was the first DLC character. All in, a good twenty or so characters, about a quarter of the roster, are humanoid anime sword-wielders, half of which are from Fire Emblem (and a third of *those* are clones, one of which is a clone of one of the other clones). There's some that aren't humanoid like Metaknight, but there's also many more realistic humans without swords on top of that, too, like Snake, Bayonetta, Simon, Ryu, Captain Falcon, Little Mac, and Terry. It really makes the series look like it's slowly gone from fun-loving cute Nintendo character crossover fighting game in Smash 64 to generic anime styled fighter in Ultimate and not for lack of other choices. There's still only one F-Zero character, four Zelda characters, no Advance Wars characters, many missing retro characters, etc. Nintendo has so many characters from throughout their history that would give the roster some variety beyond "humanoid anime fighter" and they just aren't adding them. They do it sometimes with additions like Piranha Plant, Inkling, and Wii Fit, so that they keep falling back on anime fighter so often is disappointing. They've also been falling into the trap of giving characters gimmicks, which I think is an underrated problem. Again, the first few games were easy to understand. Not easy to master and every character played differently, but the inputs were all consistent. A does a generic attack, B does a special, add a direction to modify either. Once you know the controls, you could play any character and figure out what they could do 99% of the time. Especially compared to Street Fighter or Mortal Kombat or something where each character had a long string of arbitrary inputs that you couldn't look up just to do all their moves. But in Smash Ultimate, now you've gotta know Hero's 11 moves (how are you even supposed to know it's 11), Robin's magic, Banjo's feathers, Little Mac's special meter, Shulk's stances, Byleth's weapons, Joker's charge, Inkling's ink, Cloud's limit break, Olimar's Pikmin, K. Rool's armor, however the hell Luma works, and Ryu's, Ken's, and Terry's special inputs. Again, these are all new additions. It's really a huge difference from where the series started and makes it stand out less compared to other fighting games.
This but unironically.
It's Reddit. The majority is white and male.
&gt; Like I don't think it's difficult to implement. Because it costs infinitely more than not doing it and people will buy the game anyway.
&gt;It was like that on the Gamecube too (unless you use a separate memory card). Which was pretty trivial, especially since AC came with a memory card to begin with. There was even a feature that let you visit the island on the second memory card.
&gt; How does anyone see that and think it just cropped up organically? They don't, they're just homophobic and sticking it to the libs by eating crappy fast food.
It's fast food. There's nothing to "counterjerk." Idk why anybody feels the need to defend fast food even a little.
Yeah, there'd be no debate the same way there's no debate of the blase quality of Qdoba.
&gt;It's delicious No it's not. &gt; and fast. Yeah, there's a reason for that. Lots of crap food is fast.
How
I genuinely wonder what people's diets are that they see fast food and call it "average."
&gt;Specifically 2 v 2 is fairly niche and this has very direct Pokemon inspiration. I guess 2v2 specifically is a shout-out (or rip-off) of Pokemon, but most monster catching games are 3v3 and have been since forever so I don't see it as unusual. Dragon Quest Monsters, Digimon, and Medabots have been that way forever, all of them released around the same time as the original Pokemon. Even more obscure ones like Spectrobes are 3 party members. I just don't see it as a Pokemon call-back and I honestly wouldn't unless it was 1v1, which Pokemon is 99% of the time.
No, I'm not agreeing at all. Multiple party members in combat is common to almost every RPG, especially creature collecting RPGs, save for Pokemon and almost nothing else. It seems more like the developers have played more than one video game and liked that others had multiple party members instead of 1v1 like in Pokemon.
&gt;Almost none of what you listed would I consider a clone. Ok. I don't know how. They absolutely are. I don't know how somebody could call this game a Pokemon clone but not call Wargroove an Advance Wars clone unless they're lying.
No, It's more like somewhere between crowdfunding and a pre-order.
&gt;It's funny that one Tesla going to shit on a highway is newsworthy, yet regular cars do it and recalls have been issued and it's normal. You're right. All cars are bad, unironically. They're dangerous, pollute like crazy, take up tons of space, cost absurd amounts of money, spread the population out, and make urban planning overly expensive and complicated.
Idk how much more easy to use (or affordable, frankly) it could be than the Canyon other than just a plain analog delay that doesn't have the modes knob.
So what honestly didn't work for you about it? Because if on one hand a simple three-knob analog delay doesn't gel with you (Carbon Copy is as good of a baseline analog delay you're ever going to get along with the Memory Toy) and on the other a pretty affordable, three-knob-plus-mode-switch digital delay like the Canyon is somehow a pain in the ass and ungiggable (idk how), what exactly is it you're looking for? Lovepedal has the echo baby that's only one knob, but that seems kind of limiting to me for a delay pedal. It'd be like having a drive pedal without a volume. Are you maybe looking for a reverb?
That's ok, you can probably guess how they sound based on blues dads on reddit creaming themselves over how totally psychedelic and pedal-y they are.
&gt;I mean, there is nothing wrong with guns. lmao yes there is wtf kind of sentence is this Rates of gun violence and gun deaths are pretty directly tied with gun ownership, not "guns but only when they're carried around."
&gt; But as long as fascists are out here with guns I want the proles to have em as well. &gt; &gt;All i'm saying is it's a tool and I'm reticent to just hand that power over to the state and let them hold on to it. Man, all these pro-gun "leftists" just coincidentally pull out the same bunk talking points as the pro-gun right-wing on this topic. If either of you actually believed this shit you said, you'd be out in the streets shooting cops and Republicans instead of making some pissing contest in a Reddit comment. It's not about some tool or whatever the fuck like you say, it's about making you feel like you have a big dick as you write your intimidating manly internet comments.
Fine, go hand some guns to Tesla workers and storm Elon Musk's office. Can't wait.
&gt;According to Marx oh well damn if one rich white dude said a thing over a century ago I guess we gotta accept it unquestionably
&gt;&gt; They have at the bottom of their rules: &gt;&gt; &gt;&gt; *We reserve the right to use and abuse our mod powers for any reason, or even no reason at all.* &gt;&gt; &gt;&gt; I honestly don't think they're being ironic. Tribalism is alive and well on Reddit. &gt; &gt;HAHAHAHAHA yeah man on one side you got the racists and on the other the not-racists smh not-racists being so tribal can't we just agree to disagree
wtf is with that paragraph indenting? Is it supposed to look smart?
oh man that video was tragic
&gt; It's too bad McConnell is bought and paid for. I don't even think it's that conspiratorial. I think he just doesn't care what he says as long as he can take healthcare away from poor people, keep brown people from immigrating into the US, and keep women from having autonomy.
&gt;What could he possibly understand about science??? Yeah he should have just bought the "founder" title at a car company instead. Then these people would have unironically praise him for saving humanity or whatever.
This isn't even sarcasm. This is something they read and say "yes, and?" Remember when "we've had enough of the experts" was a reminder of how silly the UK was acting and the US would never be that stupid?
I think you have it backwards. He's not a slimy Republican to profit, he's profiting because he's a slimy Republican. Elaine Chao getting a cabinet position (again) is a reward, not an incentive.
&gt; You really think someone kicking and spitting on you doesn't matter? *Really?* Yes, *really.* Because it doesn't. &gt; I'd smack the shit out of someone. Yeah, definitely not about testosterone. This totally real thing you would definitely do is a reasonable, justifiable reaction and not you having a dick-waving contest on the internet. &gt;Had he shoved her on her ass instead- a **proportional** reaction for a comparatively giant man being lightly kicked and spat on- First of all, it still really wouldn't be proportional. Being thrown onto your back at all, let alone onto concrete, is not proportional to anything, let alone something as innocuous as fucking spit. Secondly, maybe the only proportional response to being spit on is spitting back, and even then, it's immature and really just not necessary unless you have something to prove. &gt; she would have 100% deserved it. ok yeah this definitely isn't testosterone-fueled internet mob justice and definitely is the very real justice system thanks for the jnfo
Not anywhere in the same realm as "censorship." Leaving aside whether or not a private entity can allow its users to follow its own rules, they still let you go on T_D and say whatever you want. Literally no speech or expression is being limited here.
yeah imagine caring about more than one thing
&gt;I’m sure your band is wayy better (a) they unironically are (b) you can't criticize a thing unless you also do a thing and do it to some random internet bro's arbitrary standards (c) gosh bro why are you being so *v e n o m o u s*??? I wish I could give you a hug because I'm such a nice guy unlike you
&gt; I really just like the Microtonal album Then why don't you just listen to good microtonal music?
This is bad and not in a way where I pretend that dad jokes are funny for upvotes.
They're kinda different. I know the Bit Commander is a lofi ish pedal with "bit" in its name but it's more of a Blue Box than it is a sample rate reducer. I've never used a Scrutator so I couldn't tell you my preference, but I can say the Bit Commander leaves a bit to be desired in that it's not a true sample rate reducer/bit crusher.
&gt; another monster battler that's still in development (but successfully funded). &gt; &gt;Unless I'm missing something significant, it looks like Kindred Fates is after less money for more features. Kindred Fates put an anticipated 2023 release on the Kickstarter so I can't imagine (a) they expect some quick turnaround and (b) expect a team of like a dozen to live off of $50k for three years.
&gt; that the covers are embarrassing to show people haha. As opposed to "grizzled dark haired man menacingly holds a black sword"? It's not even a good summary of the concept of the book. It looks like he's even wearing a leather jacket? I think most of these are way worse. You got Warbreaker as I described, Elantris the story of red knights, and Arcanum Unbounded the story of Mistborn cosplay. The Mistborn ones are fine but nothing special and missing some detail on the US covers. The last two are even essentially the same as the US covers but just smaller for some reason.
It's very appropriate that Waluigi is used as the example here.
&gt;an alt left moron Ah, yes, the alt left. The thing they definitely exists.
Yeah it's shit like this that bothers me when I read "too much braid tugging lol" or "gosh Faile arguments are so annoying" type comments. It's like... yeah? These characters aren't charming likeable rogues, they're flawed people with complicated upbringings that inform their actions who are thrown into a conflict they can't handle and whose worlds I'm watching collide. Nynaeve reaches for her braid when she's confronted with her flaws and insecurities because it reminds her of her successes in Two Rivers. Perrin struggles with his relationship with Faile so much because he grew up sheltered and doesn't know how to react to someone who neither wants nor needs his protection. Nynaeve and Elayne are together in Fires of Heaven *because* of how much they clash. Elayne is learning that actually being royalty doesn't make her hot shit, just like nobody cares about the Wisdom of some random tobacco growing village. I'm only on my first read of the series up to Path of Daggers but I find the characters butting heads like this infinitely more interesting than the Seanchan or the magic system or anything like that.
is this a real comment or can I keep living for another day
&gt; but they have some stand out unique pedals. which also fuck off
ok then bye
&gt; Because he's being a drunken prick. You shouldn't antagonize bouncers outside clubs. This is indefensible behavior. It's literally a bouncer's job to work with drunk idiots. If you can't handle a drunk person without assaulting them, you shouldn't only not have your job but should be in prison. The bouncer's behavior is indefensible.
If the guy got thrown head first into a concrete wall for his reaction, then yes unironically. It's not our job nor is it a fucking bouncer's job to decide the appropriate punishment is physically assaulting and potentially maiming them. You can think an action is wrong without jumping to some weird sense of Reddit bro vigilante justice.
&gt; This guy isn't being "sloppy drunk" He literally can't even walk straight. &gt; he's being antagonistic and provocative. So? How fucking fragile is your ego that you think that means he deserves to be maimed? &gt;Go on a night out when this guy starts provoking you and you'll be thanking a bouncer for slapping him. That's why bouncers exist at all. Clubs don't want drunk people drunkenly stirring up shit and hurting themselves in front of their clubs. They're supposed to be preventing this type of shit, not causing it. This guy's literal job is to not do this.
Literally just proving the meme's point.
&gt; Females
That's literally not even satire.
&gt;I'd hesitate to call them pyschopaths or "destructive", personally. The thread is literally that they don't care about children dying.
&gt;Hideaki Anno himself (the dude responsible for Evangelion) made a Hentai game in 1990. Evangelion is a horny anime about a bunch of horny teenagers. To the point where the movie sequel thing has pretty creepy superfluous nudity of said teenagers. That he made hentai isn't a stretch like at all.
Or gamers should advance beyond a fourth grade reading level.
&gt; concentration camps in China and NK yeah man why doesn't Sony just solve North Korea instead of tweeting about BLM smh do they even really care
They've had plenty of strong characters, it's just everyone is attached to the Joss Whedon aesthetic of "Ezio witty, Templars bad guy" for some reason. Bayek and Aya are great, Aveline is great, Adewale is great, even Altair and Connor are great despite reddit having some hate obsession for them. There's a reason the other characters you'll see praised around here are the other Whedon-esque characters: Edward, Jacob, and Evie.
&gt;Don't they say that Jensen is kind of a child experiment orphan thing that is kind of a prototype for JC yeah lmao there's a reason he's named "Adam" and he's a precursor for the religious figure and, according to Invisible War literal messiah, with the initials "JC"
&gt; the story of Origins kinda fell apart at the end What fell apart about it? It wasn't particularly happy or upbeat but that doesn't mean it fell apart.
Ah, the "cool badass" main character, something that no other video game in 2001 had to offer. I also don't get the "feminine" criticism. Like (a) how is Raiden feminine and (b) why is that such a problem even if he was? The naked cartwheels is a stupid criticism, too, since it doesn't happen until the very end of the game, which is also the best part *and* the part where they pull the rug out from under you about Raiden.
&gt; why use the company social media to post this? Because your audience is ineffectual dad rockers who "don't like politics" and eat this shit up.
Ruin my own sub? Nah I think I'm good.
&gt;Down on his luck Mr. White dev can't partake in this fund. I guess he has to go through the Klan or some other white exclusive funding method. Right, the two options: $1 million from Humble Bundle or the KKK.
&gt;Additionally, I'd like to point out that he supported Joseph Donnelly (D) in that same year 2016 Joe Donnelly wasn't up for any elections in 2016.
&gt;He never gave money Yeah he did. &gt; He was in contact with he church and donated to church overall. He worked in a leadership position at the church and sold music through their site. &gt;Also he stated that he is pro lgbt in his statement. Read jhs statement or send them e-mail and ask this. Is this what he really started, though? Maybe you want to go find his statement.
And yet, he was awfully quiet when it came to the extrajudicial murders of black people. I've been noticing a lot of people who are quick to say "fuck looters" but won't come anywhere near "fuck police brutality" or "fuck racial injustice" or "fuck presidents who tear gas innocent people for a shitty photo op."
&gt;That’s a cool stat and all. But it’s important to note that most of them were armed. Guns are allowed in this country, and criminals use them. So you believe the police should be allowed to murder people who legally own a gun without impunity? You think it's right that the police are judge, jury, and executioner because guns are legal in the US? &gt;The lack of posting a generic RIP Floyd post doesn’t invalidate someone’s opinion on other injustices. No, but it makes it perfectly clear where his priorities lie.
ok bye then
&gt;Over campaign contributions in 2016? People had two shitty choices. nah miss me with this Trump equivocation defense bullshit
...why? Not buying a pedal from one company is such a little thing. It's not some conspiracy level boycott, it's just informing people who care about something to not buy one pedal. Further, the very fucking text of this post is encouraging users to donate to related funds. No, you're not upset about "empty effort boycotts," you're upset about *this* boycott. &gt; Wake up, its not that bad. No, it's pretty bad.
Right, because the people getting around these paywalls have definitely never heard of an ad-blocker.
I've played through every AC game up to Origins and Syndicate, even with sidequests, is "only" around 20-25 hours, which is right along with every other game. Except maybe the original, which is shorter. It's not bite-sized but they really aren't giant long impossible monumental epic slogs. At least up to Origins, that and Odyssey definitely push it to the limits.
&gt;I can't quite wrap my head around the 'SJW agenda.' It reminds me of when people were (are? ugh) terrified of the 'gay agenda.' It's the same people.
&gt; I remember Ion Fury got a ton of flack for having 90s style raunchy humor and people boycotting it because of a couple textures Nah, Ion Fury got flack because the developers were being sexist and transphobic and because they backpedaled on patching out a homophobic joke because "fuck censorship." I.e. they're right-wing dickbags that people didn't want to monetarily support. That's not "90s style raunchy humor" and "boycotting because of a couple textures."
&gt;There were some big titles that tried to pander to hypersensitive snowflakes (Battlefield V comes to mind immediately) Really? Battlefield 5 pandered to "hypersensitive snowflakes"? I'm not sure how when the typical reactionary right-wing crowd is the one who got upset at BF5, so how could they have been pandered to by that game?
&gt; turns out to be "not interested in this genre/what this game is trying to do". It comes from a place of believing that either if something is good then it has to appeal to everyone by definition or that surely if something is critically received then I should like it and if not there clearly is something wrong going on. See I find this sentiment infinitely more discouraging discussion than and of the words OP used. If you can boil any critical or analytical discussion to "it's just not for you," why bother having any discussion about anything? There's never any qualification of *why* it's not for everyone or *why* that barrier is worthwhile and there's no arguing against it, it's completely antithetical to a real discussion.
&gt;There's an inherent sense of objectivity in the word "overrated" No, there really isn't. It's literally just a way for a person to express a dissenting opinion while acknowledging it's dissenting. You talk about a "messiah complex" but you seem to have a pretty strong victim complex about this if anything. Like someone called a game ***I liked*** overrated, why do they hate me so much??
&gt;It's gonna turn into this year's version of last year's "painted wah" month, I can tell... oh man how could I forget about that
&gt;Devi Ever screwed the pooch a few times business wise. How? This is what I mean. The guitar gear community is so fucking insular that one of the few women in it, a formative member of the community, can't even get name-dropped without someone going "yeah well she screwed the pooch in some vague and undefined way."
&gt;Is THG not highly regarded/popular? I would hardly classify it as a series “most people dislike”. That's basically this entire thread... There are top-level comments mentioning Mistborn and Malazan for god's sake.
&gt;How could you start or maintain a virtuous movement by being quiet? Obviously this is a rhetorical question, but they don't want to start or maintain a movement, they just want you to be quiet. I mean god the "virtue signaling" dogwhistle should be the first clue.
&gt;After 10,000 pictures of the Walrus Julia have been posted it was this one Fucktone pedal that made you realize that guitarpedals is primarily a karma subreddit? Nah, they're just mad that people are talking about police brutality against marginalized groups.
&gt;Eh selling the pedals isn’t going to do anything. If anything, it keeps demand up and continues putting the name out there. I'd rather people hold onto the pedal at this point.
&gt;right? this type of virtue signaling belongs on r/guitarpedalsjerk oh hey I didn't even realize it was you can you remind everyone again how salty you are about /r/guitarpedalsjerk
&gt;If he's a big thief, then that's why we have courts. Could you pick a worse time for being so tone deaf or was this intentional?
Yeah and you also don't have to criticize looting when there are centuries of systemic oppression that *provoked* the looting that you could be criticizing instead. And yet you chose the looting.
yeah wouldn't it suck if music was political
&gt;Well I mean Joe used to watch videos of the kids being in cages and say that anyone who’s not against that isn’t on the team. Lmao so did George W. Bush.
&gt; We are all stuck with him right? Wrong, there's an election in November. There are mechanisms to remove him from office, but we missed our chance because people sat out 2018.
What made you think it was fanfiction? Like the Rachel stuff? Kinda what I thought the game would be before it came out. Have you read the comics?
Yeah, it's funny, they actually continue from the ending that a lot of people consider "non-canon" or at least the one they didn't intend because of the level of effort involved. But I'm glad they did, it works narratively really well.
The playable character in LiS2 isn't a superhero nor did it "bomb." I'm not sure how it's supposed to have bombed anyway? If you liked either LiS or BtS or even just TellTale games, you'd like LiS2.
&gt; And depending on the choices you made ...yes? Your choices have consequences. This was the big criticism of TellTale games: your choices are just set dressing. But LiS2's various endings really took a lot from your actions throughout all five episodes but that's also a bad thing?
&gt; censorship and accusations only lead to quiet radicalization. that's how racism stays alive in america. Oh boy, this line again. Nobody's being censored, leave your victimhood at the door, please.
AFAIK Old Blood Noise announced they'd do the same a week ago.
&gt;you sure about that? what about r/the_donald? What about them? The subreddit still exists and not a single user of that subreddit is disallowed from saying whatever they want. &gt;and cancel culture is a real and celebrated thing Good. &gt;but it's terrible for actually reforming people. It's not meant for reforming people. It's meant to stop giving a platform to hateful people and hateful messages. We don't hear shit from Milo Yiannapoulous anymore and that's a good thing and that's specifically because he lost his platform to spread his hateful message. Donald Trump would not be the president today had every news station and social media platform not bent over backwards to spread his message. Deplatforming works despite a bunch of ruffled white boys on reddit saying otherwise. &gt; I want to see racism lose power because racists stop being racist. Yeah, which is why you're dangerously naive. David Duke isn't going to stop being racist because we let him have Twitter. But we can stop his message so others don't become racist in the first place. This civility politics bullshit you're preaching only makes things worse.
&gt;At some point you have to accept that technology at the time just cant render all these NPCs and still run at an acceptable levels AC Unity does it. Even Hitman does it.
I'm keeping this comment because I get the reference but maybe don't use slurs so freely in the future.
You move your feet.
&gt; I'm not trying to gatekeep, just maybe try some Boss pedals or something before you drop hundreds on a granular glitch delay? They're completely different effects, though. Unless Boss has an inexpensive compact granular delay that I don't know about?
No, you really didn't. I know because I played it on a PC at the time and performance really wasn't an issue. That goes for both games.
I'm sure you *could* but I can't imagine it'd be worth it. Your be better off finding a buffered bypass looper, though that would require it to be powered alongside the pedal.
Yeah it's cool when white conservative men get credit for a thing black women are doing, very libertarian of you.
&gt; making shit posts how Bernie never got a chance yet be another statistic of young low voter turnout that led to his fall Idk man that sounds right but a YouTube video said voting doesn't affect change so I think the real answer is that the DNC is corrupt and democracy is bad.
&gt;So why are you screaming "VOTE"? Because that's how those 12 Democrats and 1 Green got onto the council in the first place. Why is this thread so hard about downplaying voting as if it's some either-or?
&gt;That's not really my point though, is it? I know it's not, which is why it's a dumb point. It's a pedal. You turn the knobs and turn it on and it makes the noise you want. If the sound you want is that of a granular delay, "starting" with a different effect won't do anything for you. There's nothing to "start" with.
No.
yo this pedal is rare as hell. How is it compared to an OC-2 or something? Worth looking for.
&gt;he's the person killing the colossi and becoming possessed until the final 2 minutes of the game. Also he never forces Wander's hand. He just says, this is what will happen if you kill the colossi. Right. Dormin manipulates Wander into killing the colossi. Which makes Dormin the villain who manipulates the protagonist. Your analogy would be like calling Buzz Lightyear a villain in Toy Story 3.
&gt; but when no one on the left brings his record up Because it doesn't matter. No one on the right brings up that he was a community figure, active in the local music scene, regular church-goer, and a mentor to children in the church at that. Or that he, you know, served his time after a plea deal and served his parole. Because it doesn't matter. You can't just murder people - or stand around and watch the murder for that matter - because someone may have had a counterfeit bill and maybe had a criminal record. You claim we shouldn't "politicize" these issues desire (a) them inherently being political, (b) the "don't being up politics" being a political stance, and (c) you fucking politicizing it in the same breath you claim to not want it to be political.
&gt; It’s the first and time a side-story type had been reused Pocket Circuit and the fighter rings in 0 and Kiwami? There's also a cabaret minigame in Fist of the North Star, albeit watered down a bit, as well as another fighting ring minigame.
Yup, exactly my point.
&gt;Sports don't have issues with supporting humanitarian issues, but political statements are too far beyond the line. Give me a fucking break. BLM *is* a humanitarian issue. Sports don't give a shit about humanitarian issues.
&gt;Devil's advocate Nah, there's nothing to devil's advocate for here. He was murdered extrajudicially by the police while three other police officers watched. This whole "devil's advocate" bullshit *is* the problem.
&gt; They aren't competing issues. Then why do people seem so eager to bring it up? &gt; Floyd and even aurbery seem to be repeat criminals.. Is this the line now? That Ahmaud Arbery was not only a criminal but a "repeat" criminal? Maybe get your news from a place that isn't some reactionary right-wing subreddit.
The line devoid of context isn't racist. The context is what makes it racist. I know it, you know it, and so does this shithead executive.
&gt;also not like the picture the media has been painting oh him being an angel who was *just* starting to get his life around. &gt; &gt; while also thinking the deification of his is wrong, and that he shouldn’t have multiple massive funerals right now when thousands of others never got one and still can’t get one. Nah, if your biggest takeaway from this situation is that some non-existent "deification from the media" is as much or more of a problem than police brutality and the extrajudicial murders or minorities, you're a racist.
&gt;It's like people are looking for every possible excuse to hang on to, regardless of logic, based entirely on immediate feels and nothing else. It's frustrating as all hell. It seems like that because that *is* what they're trying to do.
It did. It wasn't as good.
Cool. Don't support them, either.
&gt; What's even the point then? You know why.
&gt; simply supporting a pro business administration lol really dude &gt; I hate to be that guy No you don't.
Yeah, that's the joke.
&gt;This sub is supposed to be about guitar pedals. I’m not enjoying what it has become lately at all. Yeah, it should be about things like which major musical gear storefront sells what popular brand of guitar pedals, unlike whatever different thing this thread is about.
It's weird how often and transparently gearheads fudge the truth about their spending habits.
Got that Blooper AND Mood AND Fabrikat AND Microcosm AND Bakfram AND Thermae when you need twiddly warbly delay lines. Plus an Archer for those transparent overdriven tones.
I thought it was a reference to giving your little sibling the weird, janky Mad Catz controller when they want to play GameCube with you.
&gt;Don’t believe everything you see on here. Agreed. Whether it's technically true or not, it's 100% about muddying the waters so poor Mike Fuller doesn't seem so bad. Pure whataboutism.
&gt; The CEO of Sweetwater is not a Trump fan. &gt; &gt;" I emailed the CEO and this was his response! &gt; &gt;"I know you may not want to believe this, but I did not give money to support Trump. in 2016, I had donated a small amount of money to our then Governor and he moved it to the Trump campaign when he was chosen as a VP candidate. Yeah, he just supports the Trump administration, the Republican party, and Mike fucking Pence. What a world of a difference.
&gt; It's just pragmatic for them to donate to Pence. What's "pragmatic" about it? That Pence was going to win the governorship anyway? Sounds like the opposite of pragmatism to me but I guess people will come up with any lazy excuse to justify white conservative men.
&gt;I would buy the shit out of a to scale NYC open world game, even if it was just manhattan Nah, man. Staten Island ferry or bust.
&gt; Also Duckworth is harder to demonize as “hating America” for obvious reasons. Uh you sure about that? Because she was literally attacked for being Thai, and therefore incapable of being patriotic, in her 2016 Senate debate. By a "moderate" Republican.
&gt;Fuck me for not understanding the complicated system, right? It'd be much easier to understand if people just did the thing that *is* easy to understand and vote. That's the problem with your sealioning of a question - it makes the simple premise of voting seem more complicated than it really needs to be and muddies the waters.
It doesn't actually, though.
&gt;Idek what she did was wrong She was cast as the lead in a superhero movie.
&gt;Yeah but real life often sucks while the game is meant to be fun, and the game should be a but more flexible/customizable when it comes to your villagers. Then why not just play a game that *is* about customization instead of jumping through all these hoops? The whole point of the villagers is that you don't pick and choose, that's why there isn't a system built around it.
&gt;Deadass. But until then DOA is the only VF style 3D fighter around. Tekken? Probably way more like VF than DOA of all things.
&gt;&gt;A game about customization &gt; &gt;Ah, you mean like a game that lets me terraform my entire town, decorate every square inch as I see fit, relocate any building to wherever I want, allow me to influence what the villagers wear and say, a home that I can fully furnish with thousands of items... oh wait I agree, which is why AC was so much more interesting as a series before they started letting you customize the town. But let's stop pretending villagers are intended to be traded. Like do you seriously think with all these customization options, they *intentionally* made villagers this convoluted to acquire, or are you just being obtuse?
&gt; c'mon, there are different guitar sounds other than just drive. And different styles of music than classic rock. What's even to discuss on a pedal forum if you think pedals are solved and are so simple? Why even play an instrument if you're going to be that close-minded? I disagree with a lot of people about a lot of things but this attitude is the one that just utterly baffles me.
Most people don't actually know what shoegaze is when they talk about shoegaze.
I was thinking more The Gear Page but yeah same thing.
&gt;You make a good point about a functional game having 5 or so points from the get-go. It sets a wrong impression that it's an "okay" game, even though that might not be the case. But how can the scoring system be improved? Do literally anything else? Like the idea that, if a video game is sufficiently "functional," it deserves a 5 out of 10 is entirely arbitrary. Literally any other metric is equally valid. This is also the importance of the content of a review, and not the Metacritic average score.
&gt; But with games, they have to be somewhat good in order to attract a public. Do you seriously believe this? &gt; I struggle to think of games that are well-made, functional and relatively popular that would deserve scores around 4-5 / 10 because they are not good enough in game design and artistic value. Do you have a (subjective) example? Almost every AAA action game. I think even something like Skyward Sword is functional and popular that is an actively trash video game.
&gt; (maybe Nintendo) ...why? They're no different than any other video game company.
&gt;Arguably every Naughty Dog game is a 10/10. So I really don't understand why it is impossible to some that this game Because maybe it's not actually true that "every Naughty Dog game is a 10/10"? Like jfc you say shit like that when ND has put out shit like Way of the Warrior, Jak X, and yeah even Uncharted 1 if not most Uncharted games, and you wonder why people question all these blanket astronomical scores?
&gt;&gt;Star Wars Battlefront 2 &gt; &gt;Didn't battlefront 2 sell like 9 million copies pretty quick? Yeah and Andromeda sold pretty well despite being a disappointment critically. OP doesn't know what they're talking about.
&gt;People shouldn't like things ~~I don't like.~~
Or John McCain being born in Panama. Or George Romney being born in Mexico when he ran back in the sixties.
wut
Volcas are good but I feel like you'd need a MIDI keyboard if you're using them for performance. Not that it's a huge block, just something to keep in mind.
&gt;People could’ve only bought phones with headphone jacks if they considered them important to have, but they didn’t. They really couldn't have, though. And for the most part still can't, short of buying an older phone or one specific Google model.
&gt;No one is calling them infallible, dude. Saying that "every game they make is a 10/10" is literally suggesting they're infallible.
Killing one person or even a few in an FPS isn't the same as winning a round in a fighting game, but I think you know that.
&gt;It's interesting to imagine an open world snap, but I bet making it would be a nightmare. *Afrika* exists and it's not open-world but more hub based. I'm not sure what would be so prohibitive about it anyway. We already have tons of open-world and hub-based games, why would adding a camera make any difference?
&gt;The first Snap revolved around predictable scenarios and score-chasing. Roaming around taking pictures in an open world sounds great as a pie in the sky theory, but I don't think it'd work at all. Do you think scripting can't be done in open world games? Or internal schedules? Shenmue, Hitman, even Skyrim does it. Ultima 7 did it back in the early 90s and indie developers do it in games like Else Heart Break and Stardew. I honestly don't understand this criticism. &gt;Most open world stuff is about the freedom to *do* things. Having the freedom to walk around looking at things is less attractive. Nah, most open world stuff is about the freedom to *shoot* things whenever and wherever you want. There's rarely, if ever, freedom to "do" anything more. I don't see why a camera would be less interesting, especially considering how many of these games do feature cameras or draw people in with their attractive vistas like BotW. Think of the photographing mechanics in Spider-Man and even Beyond Good &amp; Evil, the latter of which was an effin PS2 game. They absolutely could do it and make it engaging, it's just a failure of imagination to think otherwise.
&gt; And even those games that are multimillion sellers have a considerably smaller pool of competitors compared to other e-sports, so people like to question why that is. .....what? They clearly don't have "a considerably smaller pool" when they're multi-million sellers. What even is there to question? We have the sales numbers in the title of the thread. &gt; If someone perceives that the only other people they'll run into online are going to be so much better than them that it's not worth playing, that's one possible contributing factor to explain it. Ok? But clearly that is not the perception since people are buying and playing these games. That's my point. This perception you're talking about is (a) unjustified and (b) limited to gaming forums.
&gt;I've never played a WayForward game that impressed me I remember Contra 4 being sick, though I haven't played it in a long while, and I think Mummy Demastered is pretty overlooked. I've also heard good things about the Thor, Aliens, DuckTales, A Boy and His Blob, and Mighty Switch Force games they've made. &gt; but it seems like new Shantae games come out every six months, so I guess someone likes them. There's only like five Shantae games? The animation is nice but other than that yeah I haven't been impressed. I think part of it is the original is somewhat of an underdog.
&gt; Like, if Metal Gear Solid 30 comes out and the title screen leads to nine long cutscenes and then end credits, that's really just a movie. If it has a quick time event in there somewhere, then you could say it's technically a game like the ones we have today - just with an extreme ratio of cutscene to gameplay. &gt;That's interesting by itself. I mean, no other forms of media can really be placed on a scale of how much they *are that media*, right? That's not really a discussion unique to video games nor is it a new one. The Dada movement has been saying that for like a century. Video games like *Mountain* have even flirted with the idea already.
[feeler] Idk can you include anything else to make their MSRPs identical? I can't just sell the pedal btw.
It's even worse. He freaked out after Richmond said none of his white colleagues understand what it's like to be black or raise a black son. Which is true. Unless you're Matt Gaetz, in which case raising a black son as a black man in New Orleans is identical to having a Cuban friend/roommate, eho you say is like a son, as a white Congressman's son in the Florida panhandle.
&gt;Yeah when was the last time someone ever made a topic of r/gaming and said 'ok guys, I love Gordon Freeman and all, but that wink Alyx gives him is just so tacked on and doesn't serve the story line'. That's a good example because it really doesn't serve the story and yet nobody ever complains about it.
&gt;One of the more infuriating controversies I remember is when Resident Evil 5 came under scrutiny for all the black zombies, despite the fact that the game takes place in a small African village. That wasn't the criticism. Like at all. [You can just go and read it.](http://www.mtv.com/news/2456617/newsweeks-ngai-croal-on-the-resident-evil-5-trailer-this-imagery-has-a-history/) Why is it always that these reactions to reactions are always so dishonest? Are you being dishonest or do you genuinely only get your news thirdhand from gaming forum comment sections? The criticism of RE5 was literally never "the zombies are black therefore racism." &gt; They ended up white washing the whole game, which in my opinion is more offensive. ...do you seriously believe RE5 got "whitewashed"? The game where you fight zombies in generic tribal garb? Give me a fucking break.
It's not the "bad" ending. It's the high chaos ending. And there are actually two. Like why is anyone surprised that, if you go around murdering people wantonly, that your child, the heir-apparent, will use you as an influence and rule in a similar fashion? There's no good or bad ending, just the endings that fit the characters.
There's three endings.
Yeah lmao that's why I said "for example." Australia has been run by the right-wing party for decades, Canada's Conservatives are more and more indistinguishable from the GOP every day (and won the popular vote last election), Bolsanaro won a huge majority on the platform of "I will burn down the Amazon," Shinzo Abe rose to prominence before he got into politics by being a lobbyist to remove Japanese WW2 war crimes from school books, countries like Hungary, Poland, Russia, Israel, and Turkey are falling into authoritarianism and a lot of their citizens are ambivalent to happy about it. A lot of the world is firmly right-wing and it's messed up.
&gt;I guess he liked it literally what about this video gave you that impression
&gt; Therefore, he's going to hate the game. Oh no, not that. &gt; he justified the leaks because of ND's crunch and he thought some righteous, mistreated worker leaked the game as revenge. Lol. yeah that's definitely what's going on you cracked the code
Remember not too long ago when a bunch of right-wing chuds flooded this sub because, to them, some tacit support of LGBTQ+ populations made the mods far-left extremists.
Uh did you not see Infinity War? Or even Ultron or Civil War? Why *couldn't* you compare Avengers and TLOU?
&gt;All they really need to do is make the enemy extra terrestrial, then all bets are off really. I just don't see why even bother making it Superman at that point.
&gt; or an action game by Platinum (but with an actual budget and A-team unlike the Korra game) I don't think that style is fitting. A larger budget wouldn't magically fix the problems of bending all just being different forms of punches. Bending in general is more about using your surroundings and findings clever new uses of the elements. Like go watch the show again and you realize how little someone like Aang actually fights with bending or how different Toph fights than Zuko Or how versatile waterbending is than "it's a whip made of water." Bending needs something way more systemic like Divinity Original Sin a thousand times more than just plastering the aesthetics over a character action game.
Yeah I've heard good things about the GBA games but I was trying to think of more recent examples. There's tons of older video games based on American cartoons. Mickey Mouse and The Simpsons alone have countless great games.
&gt;This is seriously the Anthem of superhero games. Big budget, good developer, interesting idea, but... ...but what? It looks like a linear action platformer. I honestly don't understand the comparisons to Anthem at all. Do you think this game is going to magically become a broken looter shooter after two hours?
&gt;I guess that's enough to completely ruin him professionally for the rest of life then. "That" being "workplace sexual harassment"? Yes.
&gt;I mean, has there been any case in the game industry where someone has faked an accusation to ruin a career? Yeah lmao except the person being falsely accused was Zoe Quinn so you know how that one turned out.
No, I got what they were saying. I still don't see the connection. It's just an arbitrary comparison for no real reason.
&gt; The world and story seem promising, but a bit more on the nose with the occult than the first one. More on-the-nose than "we are making a Twin Peaks video game"?
There are no returning playable characters other than Zangetsu so they probably just picked one ending as the "canon" and go from there.
It means crying is bad unless you use the adjective "manly" and imply it's only one tear.
implying guitar pedals guys know what an Organelle is
Yeah but this could be done on shit like that Source Audio digital EQ and nobody has made videos for that. It's all just about the *a e s t h e t i c* more than it is being clever with pedals.
NS-2 has an effects loop so the "intent" is to put it where your drives would be and then put all your drives in the NS-2 send/return.
&gt;I know there are single player action games with similar UI and gear system This sentence speaks for itself imo. &gt;but the developers have been pretty open that the game is going to have a multiplayer focus with an emphasis on gear, "live service", and multiple currencies. They've constantly showed off the story-heavy single-player campaign. &gt;We just have yet to see how they're getting int to implement it. Yeah, exactly. So why is everyone jumping to "Anthem"? &gt;Either way, it's not exactly what a lot of people were hoping for, especially after one fantastic singleplayer Marvel game that was sadly a Sony exclusive. So what should it be instead? A derivative open world action game that gets criticized as an Assassin's Creed ripoff instead?
&gt; At most we may just joke about him stalking a college if no one knows where he is during work hours lol. "we may occasionally joke about a middle-aged man creeping on girls barely out of high school" Yeah that doesn't clear things up IMO.
&gt; The most advanced/complicated mechanic is probably the ability to use a guy as a human shield for a bit. Even that mechanic has been in stealth games forever. It was even in that weird Goldeneye sequel/spin-off on the GameCube.
&gt;It's very much real. yeah that's why they only make billions of dollars all the time
&gt; Just the way the story progresses looks like when you choose a mission on Destiny and even if it has more in common with the Division, that still isn't a good thing. Or like XCOM? Or a thousand other games? I don't know what world we're in where "you can choose a mission" was spearheaded by Destiny.
&gt;C’mon buddy. That’s 2016 talk. What is this even supposed to mean?
I mean I never understood why Jimmy Kimmel became some leftist resistance hero anyway so sure, I don't really give a shit if some nightly talk show comic was canceled.
&gt;She started it. "Started it"? Jfc she criticized a book. Not even a book, one aspect of one book of one trilogy. This isn't elementary school, there's nothing *to* start.
I think it's more confirmation bias than survivorship bias.
It's ongoing. The two big examples are the interactions with VE Schwab and Liz Bourke, but the same behavior is common, even here.
&gt; Without personally knowing the dates of the tweet in discussion, Schwab had ~6 books published through 2014, and Lawrence had 4. If anything, Lawrence was punching up. Not really? Yeah, she had "more" books, but has anyone really heard of *The Archived* by Victoria Schwab? She didn't really break out until she got published by Tor as V.E. Schwab. And even then, I don't particularly recall the buzz coming around until *A Darker Shade of Magic.* Lawrence was popular from the whole Broken Empire series. Which, for the record, was complete (along with the follow-up trilogy already having begun) before *A Darker Shade of Magic* was even published.
Kind of the unfortunate irony. Can't talk about the details because rule 1, but then everybody wonders (or concern trolls? probably both) about what "really" happened.
&gt; all of the links to Schwab's posts in this thread have made me think that she's just as much of a problem, just at the other end of the spectrum. hey cool it sure is smart and insightful when people "both sides" ~~sexual~~ harassment
&gt;Bears statement seems to come down to Lynch doing Something Bad, likely an affair (bad, straight up), them trying to work through it, and Rowland trying to stop them working through it. &gt; &gt;Not on any side here Yeah but you kinda are though.
weed lmao 🤙🤙🤙🤘🤘🤘
why did you even post this here
&gt;For that matter, in 2014 Ms. Schwab had written **more** books than he had Why does everyone keep bringing this up like it's some sort of smoking gun? "Number of books published" is a laughably dishonest measure of fame. Schwab was nowhere near her current level of fame in 2014, a year before the first *Darker Shade of Magic* book was released. &gt;But, with the genders being flipped, his quoting her... still makes him the bully? Again, I don't understand this gotcha. Are you seriously asking that, had the situation been different, would it be a different situation? Because... yes?
&gt;Wait 'till you read his comments (including the hidden ones because of downvotes) from this thread: And the ones you can't read because they get removed.
&gt;One of the aspects of Geralts character is that women, regardless of race are trying to fuck him. And he's kind of a horny bastard so he gets into a lot of shitty situations because of it. oh well now it's believable
&gt;The fact the moderators of this sub, with the history they have, could ban an author and there be absolutely transparency over who or why would terrify me if i was an author. It's probably easier to just not be a dick.
Of all his books, I'd put *The Emperor's Soul* way before anything else he's done. His novellas in general tbh. *Shadows for Silence* and *Sixth of the Dusk* were great, too.
There's a Boss pedal called the VO-1 that has like a fake talk box where you don't need the weird plastic tube in your mouth or to hook the pedal up to a speaker or anything like that. It's still not exactly cheap, unfortunately.
&gt;Removing those, there are still ~14m sales in those three years, not including 2016 and 2020. If it's not tens of millions, it's close. 14m units is nothing for video games. That's barely breaking Dreamcast and Wii U numbers. It's not uncommon for individual *games* to hover around that number. And that's putting side how fractured those headsets are. Not just PC headsets but IIRC like five million are PSVR alone, which itself is a negligible number compared to overall PS4 sales numbers.
You must have never seen Rick and Morty fans.
It's literally never been about political views.
Right wingers have such a chip on their shoulders about being right wingers. Doesn't help that it's all white bros.
&gt; presumably prohibiting church services is prohibiting the free exercise of a religion No, you cannot make that presumption.
It is, thank you.
&gt;Cus were the ones not virtue signaling and pretending like were woke for it. Yeah lmao you definitely are not signaling your virtues by loudly proclaiming how you never virtue signal. &gt; Again I disagree with fuller and the statements he made and I am a full supporter of the protests and the current movement for police reform but But
&gt;You said "conservatism" not "Burkism" (who himself was a Rockinghamite), "de Maistreism" or "Hobbsism". Jesus Christ dude fuck off
&gt;The Democrats used to be a Conservative party. Even that's a misconception. The difference was largely regional, it just so happened that Democrats had a large grasp on the former Confederacy. But to pretend FDR's liberalism came out of nowhere or that Republicans weren't racist (or frankly both Democrats and Republicans in the North as well) is kind of a weird narrative, too.
