It's also your net worth.
Or the first time.
I know, those things cost over $10k. I wouldn't be surprised if this was over 15.
Doesn't look like CG to me.
Have you never heard people play music on their cell phones in public? It's fucking aggravating. You almost don't even want to say anything, because you get the idea the person knows they're obnoxious.
That's something that should have died in the 80's.
Ghost Busters.
That's money well spent. I'd either want one of these as a golf cart, or one modelled after those old timey cars with the gas powered “headlights.”
Because billions of dollars in profit isn't enough.
Buy that cat some rogaine.
Pass me the acid.
Being annoyed by deliberately obnoxious people makes me a bed wetter?
Justice another bro fuck boy. *“Ermahgerd dude, this is an MMA fight dude.”* He's practically channeling Logan Paul.
We produce more oil than most countries and bomb the rest to get it cheap or free.
We get it. They're soulless vampire demons that will suck the industry dry over the short term to boost their next quarterly profit.
I just bought a copy of GTAV and a $50 account restoration. Never bought a single micro transaction in my life.
Yup, you're a fucking dummy.
Why the fuck did you downvote me?
You’re telling that to a guy that got over 500 downvotes when they intentionally instigated it. I was pissed, I wanted -1000.
The good ol’ “*I’m not gonna be alive for the consequences*” mentality.
Doesn't matter how long they work on it. They still sweat over quarterly profits.
Oh mom's spaghetti.
Give me one with Joe Camel on the front.
You ever try eating a bowling ball?
Do guns normally fire when dropped?
Lay off the heroin.
Not if you count phantom pain.
As far as I know, it was always Episode 4. At least on the first edition VHS tape I saw. The one with the classic artwork cover.
If Porsche can call their Taycan a Turbo, this guy can call his Camry a V12.
Purchase on the snow?
Looks like we got ourselves a time traveler.
Thicker than a bowl of oatmeal.
And a job in the midwest will pay less. It's all relative.
Only if you get an upper class job. Were not all that lucky.
Yeah, fuck Detroit.
Oh, *naggers.*
Not me. If I was going to screw over other people for money, I would have done it by now.
Then you can pay for it. I don't want my tax dollars spent on keeping people alive for decades if they want to die.
Then you should pay for it. It's a waste of money and resources. It only serves to make vengeful people like you feel better.
You're romanticizing the death penalty. Those thugs you're imagining would much rather be gang leaders in prison, shaking people down and controlling them, than get the lethal injection.
If they want to die and get it over with, that's their decision. It's not vengeance at that point.
You can stop. You're talking in circles now.
Death sentence, not someone willingly dying. Fentanyl overdoses are cheap.
Jesus christ, read the title of the fucking submission. I shouldn't have to hold your hand.
They definitely should be able to, as well.
Clearly you haven't listened to country music.
No shoes. He was already dead.
It's about making sure they never commit the same terrible crimes again.
Not everyone is as lucky as Jeffrey Epstein.
Are you in middle school? He doesn't look that old.
Great, another low effort Darwin post. Edit: seriously? You guys like this tired crap?
Unnecessarily? That's fucking hilarious. That shitty "joke" has been needlessly reposted on reddit since I started using it over 10 years ago.
Are you serious? If I was trying to farm karma, I'd be making low effort posts 24/7. Especially ones mentioning the Darwin Awards.
I'm not looking for karma. I dont even care about downvotes. I just want people to stop repeating the same shitty jokes.
Nah, fuck that.
Don't be modest. You clever.
Calculated failure.
Which Fast and Furious installment was that from?
There's also #vansplaining.
It only gets people because no one expects someone to keep beating the same dead horse after a decade.
I could see that coming just from the video. Motorcyclist needs to watch out more. Blah blah blah, car still at fault.
Slob on that knob.
What miracle do you want me to perform?
Who?
Not everyone wants an std.
Giggity.
By having no father.
Reddit's answer to every relationship.
As usual, the girls can do nothing but scream.
Famous people work harder than normal people. Edit: you think they get rich and famous by working an 8 hour day like everyone else? Edit 2: Apparently you guys never even had a job. If you did, you'd understand how you don't get rich by sitting on your ass.
Wishing death on people? You're so edgy.
Rich is inferred, because that dumb bitch in the submission is talking about not wanting to work. Go split hairs with someone that actually wants to debate your over critical bullshit.
Why am I in the minority though? I'm not a casual.
The O stands for organic. It degrades over time, making a dim display with a much higher chance of burn in. This isn't a debate, it's fact. Only reason I can think you didn't have burn in, is your navigation bar and status bar weren't displayed. Or you're full of shit. Either way, the display still got dim. Or you can make up some bullshit about that too.
I think it's more likely you assumed you had an amoled or oled display. There's no way that after 5 years of use, of hours per day, that it didn't get burn in or become dim.
Yup, full of shit. Thanks for confirming that.
I'd assume not, since it took two years to notice burn in and I was using the phone a lot. I've read a faulty screen shows it really quick.
RIP James Bond.
True that. I predict they'll make one or two more films after No Time To Die, then reboot the entire series from the ground up. Girls don't care about Bond films in the first place. And there's no way they'll get enough women to replace the male viewers they've alienated. It's a billion dollar franchise after all.
He sounds like a Yoko Ono performance.
Haha, exactly.
Since Bond was retired and she's a double-o, it only makes sense that she's 007. If she had a different agent number, it wouldn't change until she retires, so she'd never be 007.
Apparently you're a fucking moron. That's the issue. I shouldn't have to explain why a woman replacing a character that's been male for over 60 years is a bad thing.
The next film is a passing of the torch. It's the only reason Daniel Craig is in it.
They gave Daniel Craig a dump truck full if money to do this film. There's no reason for Bond to still be in the next film. If that were the case, they'd just have a new Bond right now.
You're one of those shitty trolls or retarded SJW's that's going to pretend everything I say is irrelevant or incomprehensible while you keep asking the same question over and over. Just fuck off already.
How many times can this opinion be reposted? Just shut up already. You sound like stoners that used to whine about legalization.
It's the word around the campfire. People have been saying the next 007 is going to be a black chick since last summer. Also watch the trailer. Bond is a pussy and the black girl is acting like a tough guy. It's pretty obvious.
Since you're living in the past, you should invest in bitcoin.
Yup, a shitty troll just like I said.
You're saying "boo hoo" after I call you out for being a shitty troll? You really suck dick at being a troll.
Keep declaring yourself the winner of this pointless bullshit. It only proves that you're a shitty troll.
22 inch took two people to lift? Were they midgets?
Starring Daniel Craig.
Like Honky Pete.
The goggles do nothing!
Careful, they're ruffled.
Better start drinking.
They could use plastic composite (FRP). It's very strong and not that expensive to produce.
They could always use carbon kevlar and make it needlessly expensive.
Looks like corn syrup is back on the menu, boys.
Looks like I'm staying single.
There's always a vasectomy.
Cat ladies were never cool.
Every year is a bit excessive. I'd say every three years.
That's not exactly a bad thing. Women should remember to use the pill.
This thread is about single moms, not single dads. Try to stay on topic.
Single dads were never mentioned by me or the guy I was replying to until you came along. Since everything was still about single moms, that's on topic. Good luck trying to move the goal posts again.
You think I'm going to read some copypasta length reply of yours? You might like the smell of your own shit, that doesn't mean I should.
Now you're projecting.
If you thought it was pathetic, you wouldn't be wasting your time. Instead, you're obsessed with conflict so much, you swing from statement to statement, trying to keep the conflict going.
Women always choose to carry a child to term. The man's choice doesn't matter at all. Therefore, if a woman chooses to have a child, it's her sole responsibility. And if she's poor and unable to provide a decent upbringing, she should be stigmatized for it. You talk about the unreliability of birth control so much, you should be an advocate for abortion. But you're not. Stop being a hypocrite.
Once again, women should not seek casual sex while choosing to have a child as the result of it. You're not addressing my point.
Again, women are the ones that choose to have the child. An abortion is monumentally cheaper than raising a child, and any guy will help pay for one. So if they carry it to term, that's their decision and responsibility. That's why they're stigmatized.
I'm done reading wall of texts for today. It doesn't matter what I say, you'll keep retreating into the ever shrinking echo chamber that is your brain.
Wow, the truth really hurt you.
You're like a crybaby antifa protester. You refuse to see any opposing viewpoint, while claiming I'm ignoring the issue because I don't jump through your hoops and engage your logical fallacies. Just shut up and move on already.
Put down the bottle or pick up the antipsychotics, because you're insane right now.
Kids are stupid.
Stop bitching about alcohol. It's getting real tiring seeing this "unpopular" opinion reposted over and over.
Gotta boost morale.
Condiments are merely a collection of salts and spices that have been added after the cooking process. Even Japanese restaurants that serve waygu do it with dry dipping salts and spices.
Real malt vinegar, or that diluted from concentrate crap they serve in English restaurants?
Too soon. I was snapped.
I could see it when he looked left while taking off. He's fucking blind.
No it's not and no it won't.
Great, another post bitching about alcohol.
It's not hard to get the door open a few inches. After that, the conductor opens them, then tries to close them again.
It takes you and your fiance to order a bath mat?
God bless Florida Man.
Especially after WatchPeopleDie got banned and we wouldn't get to see it.
I'm guessing 30m is for speciality BASE rigs that have been carefully packed with baby powder. I've seen a video of one guy jumping off a 70ft cliff and it opened completely.
Definitely different velocities. That's one reason why BASE rigs must be carefully packed. It needs to open instantly at low velocities.
I'm too lazy to look it up. But I've seen it in videos. When the chute deploys in certain low altitude jumps, a puff of powder pulls off the canopy.
Or you can be a lazy suicidal dumb piece of shit that doesn't even shake off their gear.
Also works while having sex.
Probably a 5-6 foot fence. It's casting a shadow half the length of the low parts of the houses.
Your point?
Doing that has gotten me banned from some subreddits. Mods get really pissy when you're unapologetic.
There's this thing called a freezer.
I'd throw their nappy hair into a lathe.
It's the most beautiful thing I've ever seen.
Especially the mods. They're looking for power in their otherwise powerless existence.
It's an American website. Quit your bitching.
Every website can be accessed internationally. Also, .com was started by the Department of Defense and is currently operated by Verisign, a US company. And is under the jurisdiction of US law. Reddit.com is an American website.
Nestled in the top floor of 432 Park Avenue.
Doesn't this all take place after Return of the Jedi?
I prefer Diet Double Malt.
Never seen a chocolate lab give birth to anything but a chocolate lab.
You cared enough to reply and insult me as well. This is why people call gen Z's and younger gen Y's snowflakes. They're so used to being coddled in society, they throw a shit fit when someone says anything that's not catering to their feelings.
That looks like my idea of hell. You couldn't pay me to attend that shit.
My android recognizes my frequent use of swear words.
Off to the glue factory.
I was going to say the same thing about you. You're one of those know-it-alls that repeats sound bites in an attempt to win arguements.
They also love watching other people have fun. I couldn't think of anything more lame.
You can't fit in 2XL shorts? I don't think that has anything to do with your height.
Look at Ron Jeremy over here.
Canadian Beer Fridge.
That's fucking rich. I bet you'll never see the irony in you calling me that.
My bad, I didn't realize you were a shitty troll. I thought you were a passionate, but misguided retard. I should have seen it sooner.
And you'll keep trolling as long as I reply, so I'm done.
This perfectly describes my brother. He wouldn't dream of doing anything bad to my sister, mother, father or his wife. But he's been physically, mentally and emotionally abusing me since I was 7, and only stopped the physical abuse after I got bigger than him. The mental and emotional abuse only stopped after I cut him off.
PC bullshit ruined the third season of Designated Survivor. Transvestites dealing with their struggles or a black guy lying about his HIV status is irrelevant to the shows plotline.
Fabulous.
Fake repost.
Just like the retarded fuckboys in high school. You repeat a variation of the same thing I said.
Easy there, Ted Nugent.
Poor Chef.
As much as I dislike TikTok, I dislike this copypasta even more.
Repost.
Shut up, you fucking square.
It crushed me.
Imagine marginalizing people's loss of employment because they weren't being tortured.
They keep showing up on my fucking feed. Looks like I'm unsubscribing from r/bestof. It's fucking hilarious how copypasta makes it to the front page over and over on this stupid sub.
How do I ignore it? I don't have this magical ability to not perceive certain things I find annoying, like you must have.
Says the fucking child that has their parents buy everything. Wait until you have to work for a living.
Only if they're needlessly repeated over and over and over in a short timeline.
I'm not angry, you're merely projecting. You can stop at any time. I'm just enjoying your projections.
Because women don't belong in the oval office. Unless they're on their knees.
Who you calling soy boy, you beta cuck.
Tell that to registered sex offenders.
You're the one defending them. You said any publicity is good publicity.
Says the guy with downs syndrome.
Might as well wave a white flag if you're going to play there incel card.
What's your excuse?
Smoke a bunch of weed. It makes that documentary so much fun.
I mean, it's part of the quote.
I hope you're not too cool to spell out words.
Which month is the 22nd of the year?
You're wrong. Consider yourself corrected.
And people that aren't pussies use mm/dd/yy.
Take the cat to the retirement home.
*I'm doing my part.*
Only aftermarket cartridges were "laced." And it was from morons using vitamin E oil.
I'm not a sir, I'm a ma'am.
Just slob on my knob. That's good enough for me.
Unless they're so far left leaning, you're living in a fantasy. My favorite thing I've heard on r/politics is that Antifa isn't real. It's just a boogeyman invented by the far right, in order to vilify the left. And people blindly agree with it.
This is ridiculous. It's bad enough I need to get my car smog tested every two years.
Penis enlargement pills.
The far left wants to suppress free speech they disagree with, and they'll even use violence in an attempt to accomplish it.
The government can't censor people. That doesn't mean left leaning snowflakes should be able to.
Apparently you missed all the guys in black clothes and face masks attacking peaceful demonstrators. Or even random people that cross their path.
Great, both sides are fucked. Glad I'm a centrist.
The far left has assaulted plenty of people while demonstrating. Their hands aren't clean either.
Throw rocks? They fight people, start fires, punch cars and even one guy assaulted multiple people with a bike lock. You're dismissing the left's violence.
Good. Fuck off, you double standard dummy.
Try shallots. They're milder and sweeter.
It gets even more insane. I saw one condo in San Francisco that cost $200,000. But it had a monthly HOA fee of $4300.
Case of Zima it is.
Apparently you do, because you think she's talented and you made a sarcastic reply.
Because they look scary. They also try to say there's no reason to use one for self defense, which is silly considering how accurate they are at close range.
Good ol' Tub Girl.
I don't speak jive.
Billie Eilish and Lizzo suck, and I'm never going to pretend they're okay.
Billie Eilish and Lizzo suck, and I'm never going to pretend they're okay.
It's a TV show. They ate disgusting shit on Fear Factor too. That doesn't reflect the entire population of America.
I didn't even bother reading your bullshit after the first sentence. You directly inferred they eat rats to survive, then back track? You don't care about who's right, you're just trying to win a pointless argument.
Why are you still responding? I'm not reading any of your bullshit. Good luck pulling someone else into a pointless debate.
You're so smart and articulated.
So well read and coherent. You should tell the CDC.
If they had highly contagious diseases, they would be spreading to the general population. And the ER can't refuse you if you have a life threatening illness or serious injuries.
Except when it becomes life threatening.
I've done all that bullshit and still didn't find a suitable partner. So I stopped giving a shit entirely.
Lucky OP gets to sleep in until 7am.
Maybe if you're smoking a bowl and going back to sleep.
Why say that? Because I'm not some pushover on the internet? Girls are so used to men suffering in silence, it's actually shocking when we explain our personal problems. Like I said in another post, high testosterone has given me such bad vasocongestion, it literally feels like my testicles are being crushed. And it happens more than 5-7 days a month. But since I'm not making a big fucking deal about it like women with their periods, people assume nothing is wrong.
What's a hormone induced injury? And it's rich when you call me shallow, while dismissing my excruciating pain from hormones.
Vasocongestion is the main cause of pain for menstruation. I'm literally feeling the same type of pain, but worse. I've actually hurt myself in other ways, just to take my mind off of it. You're also marginalizing my pain, since you haven't heard most guys bitch about it the same way most women bitch about their period. The uterus shedding it's lining is not an injury. You should pick up a dictionary since you don't understand the word.
None of that would happen because men suffer in silence. You think I talk about this shit in the real world?
People say those men have rage issues and/or they're abusive. When women do it on or near their cycle, they have the luxury of blaming it on hormones.
A period isn't a reasonable excuse to be a bitch. That's the whole point.
Great. More reposts.
Make a cheese sauce by making a roux, which is flour and melted butter in a pan. Then whisk in warm milk to create a white sauce (bechamel). Then add the cheese until you get the right consistency.
Do they pre cook the bacon in large batches at NY delis? I've seen that done in other places, so I only get sausage, egg and cheese now.
Add some testicles before you can relate.
The bed is flat, the table is flat, the earth is flat. We should be able to eat and make sex wherever we want.
You miss 100% of the shots you don't take.
Not only that, the stock tires were not sufficient for that car. It doesn't have stability control, traction control or ABS. Better tire compounds were available at the time that improved handling so much, it's practically a different car.
There's no contagious diseases from eating meat in the United States. And please enlighten me on how "almost all human diesises come from animals." I expect you to reply with only the finest vegan propaganda.
Mad Cow wasn't contagious.
But you said "almost all human diesises come from animals." Immunity or almost all diseases. Which one is it?
There's no easy to digest information there. You linked me to a site that talks about all the diseases in every detail. I'm not filtering through that to see how many people those individual diseases have infected or killed. If you wanted to make a point, you'd have posted that relevant info in your reply. That's what I'm talking about when I say I'm not doing your work for you.
Like vanilla and chocolate, or weed and coke.
Lime disease? Last time I checked, being vegan wouldn't prevent that.
You said "almost all human diesises come from animals, we should take vegetarian diets as a general rule, no viruses come from carrots."
Like when I argue with vegans about eating meat. I'll talk about health and nutrition, cost of food, ease of cooking, etc, but as soon as I mention flavor, they act like I said the n-word.
Settle down, Quentin.
Why would they? If it doesn't get crazy high upvotes, likes, views, whatever, people have no reason to post it.
Red light cameras are a joke. If the cops want to charge you with something, they will. And it will be your job to prove your innocence.
Why, because the cop was white and the suspect was black? The cop wasn't yelling slurs.
I guess so. When cops kill white people, hispanics or asians it goes unnoticed. When they kill black people, it's a racist tragedy.
You need to smoke some weed.
And some entitled black lady will cry to the police about the store owners defending their property with "AK47's."
It's a good overall characterization of the looters. Why do so many people on reddit think they're the same thing?
Just because you try to sound articulated, doesn't mean you're correct. Keep in mind, your basing your entire conclusion on assumptions. I'm basing mine on interactions and observations. Seriously, only a "few thousand looters?" You're pulling bullshit out of your ass if you think that's true.
First off, you don't even know what gaslighting is. I'll give you a hint, it doesn't involve someone playing dumb on the internet, which you clearly think I'm doing. Secondly, I never once claimed what you're saying. From the beginning, I was saying there's a difference between looters and protesters. But you're telling me I'm arguing the opposite. Are you drunk? That's not an insult. I'm genuinely curious how you have such little reading comprehension.
I knew you were a troll. You were probably hoping I'd write a long, drawn out, point by point reply to make you satisfied that you wasted my time. Instead, I'll just tell you to fuck off.
This train ain't going to start itself.
I can and already did. You only said I didn't to instigate a drawn out reaction. Oh wait, since you can't understand what I just wrote, you'll think I'm gaslighting you.
What about those little fish that swim up your dick hole?
When I build an rc German WW2 plane, you'll bet your ass I'm putting swastikas on it.
Plant milk is just white water that tastes nothing like milk.
Prison wallet.
It's like a dog that tries swimming when you hold them over water.
Fuck that. I'm always in a hurry.
That comment might be funny 20 years ago.
45 people are retarded.
All the times.
Diversity? That's rich, coming from a guy that used a joke that's been around for decades, and is in almost every reddit submission.
An asshole.
It's up to you now, you maverick renegade.
Will you bring anything to smoke or drink? It's not a true habitat without the vices.
Don't sell yourself short now.
I'm sure someone will post the clip of those girls with lighters attached to their ears.
It's my 15 minutes of fame.
Team work makes the dream work.
He was thinking it's a funny shirt. And it is.
Or you can be a pretentious asshole that thinks they're smarter than a funny shirt.
["Beat it spook, this don't concern you."]( https://youtu.be/QzklMXES1BU)
You got me.
r/lipsthatgrip
It's balanced. Rotating won't shift it's weight.
It's a plane. The wind would push it to line up facing the wind.
I don't even accept a traffic ticket like that.
Blow off valves tend to make some noise.
r/theydidthemath
Using the pork to separate the beans from everything else. Not bad for a first try.
Except on saidit.net.
That's better than fucking up local businesses, or being an instagram thot posing for pictures.
The cat doesn't love you.
They're like the Cyanide and Happiness of guns.
They're not deliberately lying and misleading people.
Trans people do that exact thing when they decide to identity as a different gender.
Killing them faster in the process.
Turn signals aren't some magical "right of way" device.
If they braked, they could still have gotten hit. There was no accident either, so I don't understand why you're saying "avoidable accident."
Free fall implies something is losing altitude. Calling it a permanent free fall is just more pedantic / semantic bullshit.
It means "downward movement under the force of gravity only," or "move under the force of gravity only; fall rapidly." The orbital velocity is acting on the ISS. To say they're in free fall would be no different than saying someone walking around is in free fall. This is some serious mind bending bullshit to say "free fall" doesn't have to involve an object that falls.
Except more black people die per year than white people from homicide. And that's including the greater number of white people that get killed by cops. I'd be more concerned about the big picture than playing the blame game if it really bothered me. But no one cares when black people kill each other. You're even dismissing this, in favor of concentrating on the far fewer deaths caused by police.
You get it. Thank you.
Or maybe it was the Martians that convinced the cops to shoot black people. I can make up bullshit too.
Have you been asleep the last few days? [I even linked it to the exact spot for you.](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1xjzzhqmOfY&amp;t=3m18s) Is it really a surprise that people who kill each other more than anyone else are not always peaceful when they're involved with law enforcement?
You saw the video of him running away because I just linked it to you. Are you so retarded that you ignore the part of him fighting cops and trying to tase them? If he tased them, he could have grabbed their gun, just like every other assailant. Do you really think he should have been let go because he was "running away?" He could have spent a night in jail, but decided to assault two cops instead, while attempting to take their weapons. How can you even defend a person like this? I'm starting to think you'd agree with this [crazy bitch.](https://youtu.be/f5BeQ1w4bfA)
Why don't you throw one to me through outer space? I can watch it float without falling. Oh, I'm sorry, you guys call that "free falling."
So you wanted them to tase him before he resisted? That makes zero sense. All the footage is there. I just linked to the part where he starts fighting. They are on the ground because he resisted and they tackled him. Brooks shot the taser at the officer while running away, right before he was shot. It's really fucking hard trying to argue with someone as fucking stupid as you. It's as if you think cops should never be allowed to use lethal force, even when their lives are in danger. Even worse, the cop got fired for this as an obvious result of the recent BLM protests. If that wasn't a black guy, he'd still have a job.
Funny how you're describing yourself in that quote.
I knew you were a shitty troll.
Some heros wear condoms.
"Hurr durr, I'm so smurt." Seriously though, if that's how you interpreted my comments, you're far dumber than I could ever possibly be.
Okay, troll.
You guys whining about something needing to be called "free fall" when it's not falling is the very definition of pedantry.
People shouldn't cycle for exercise either. It just works the same muscles over and over, so they have a harder time recovering and becoming stronger.
Now kiss.
There's nothing else to say when you're a shitty contrarian troll. If one of the officers used his taser instead of tackling him, then the suspect reached for the gun of the officer on the ground, you'd have said both of them should have tackled him, because two officers should easily be able to subdue one man. If they used their taser immediately, you'd have said it was premature use of excessive force. I linked the entire video, but you keep pretending the entire video doesn't exist. You're so obsessed with conflict, you just take the opposing side to everything.
Which is why they only show black people getting killed by police, not white people.
That's why I said "repair" in quotations.
You're the troll that said it's not a crime to be drunk while behind the wheel. Just shut up already.
Except that only happens in slippery conditions.
Some people have bad joints that aren't capable of doing high impact sports like running. But they should still get on an elliptical.
If you like cold showers, upgrade to a steam shower. It's like rinsing yourself off on a hot summer day.
I'm not seeing a supremacy here.
Isn't this America? I'm sorry, I thought this was America.
VENTI LATTE.
Just cut off their arms and legs instead.
How?
That's not at all what I said. You're just making up shit to fit your narrative. By the way, it was two people, not three.
That's not a justification for what happened. Nice try though. And only two people were arrested.
Wow, that's so deep and profound.
Fine. I'm gonna smoke salvia laced with pcp.
Racist.
You clearly don't understand anything I said if you interpreted it that way.
"Completely robbed of normal graduations." Boo fucking hoo.
I'm sorry, was high school graduation the crowning achievement in your life? Something you still derive happiness and satisfaction from?
We got a badass over here.
I can say benelli.
No take, only give.
Nah, it's awesome.
Mexico beat us by making us deal with a shit hole like Texas.
That shit would exist in New Mexico instead of Texas if we gave it back to Mexico.
She lost control by colliding with the right rear end of a Civic. I'm guessing the Civic driver saw her coming from behind, the same way the girl in this video did, and they swerved at the same moment the Porsche did.
They can only jump so far because they're tiny.
Sounds like you don't live in a place that's ice cold if you're paying for less energy in the winter than summer.
It's funny how bikini bottoms or underwear on fat girls are never symmetrical.
True Faith by New Order. Love that song.
"I broke my ankle." *proceeds to stand up and put weight on broken ankle.* Edit: how is it even possible to misinterpret my statement?
Are you talking about the cop or the car owner?
The cop was standing next to the car, not in front of it. How is he supposed to think he'll run over the cop?
If the cop wanted to stop the car, he should have stood in front of it. There's no way for the driver to know he's going to run over someone's foot when he can't even see it.
I'm guessing you never worked a hard day in your life if you assume the only way someone gets a nice car is if it's a gift.
It's only assault if it's intentional. The driver can't see that the cop is trying to use his tiny foot to stop a 3450 lb car.
Are you? I think you're watching a different video.
Woooosh.
How does one stop a car by positioning themselves adjacent to it?
That has nothing to do with the point I was making. Reread my comment and respond again if you so choose.
Are you watching the same video? The cop is standing next to the car. If he was standing in front if it, his foot wouldn't get run over by the tire. Are you one of those people that let's your emotions override basic facts, logic and reason?
Irrelevant rant.
It's not assault if it's unintentional. What if the cop lied down in front of the car and the driver didn't see him? Would that be attempted murder?
The cop had every opportunity to de escalate tge situation, but didn't. They chose otherwise. If this simple concept eludes you, grow a brain.
So it's okay to put their foot in front of the tire, which can't be seen, but not their entire body? That makes no sense.
Your moms pussy.
I never said that. And the cop already had his info, so he could mail the ticket.
When you think someone might drive off, that's exactly what it is. Do you normally suck this much cop dick?
I've told you at least two times that the cop could mail the ticket. You obviously don't want accountability. You want punishment.
I kept saying he'd get the ticket in the mail. He's obviously going to be held to the same standard as the rest of us for his selfish parking habits. If I connected with entitlement, I wouldn't waste my time like this. I'd be out getting things in life I'm entitled to.
So trolling your lawless projections means I'm insecure? Also, how many times do I have to say that the ticket would get mailed to him? You keep ignoring that, and pretending I'm advocating lawlessness. Insecurity and lawlessness. What other bullshit are you going to project on me?
The officer didn't say he was being detained. He wasn't pulled over either. There's no legal obligation for him to stay parked. He'll still get his ticket in the mail. You're really obsessed with this respect for authority bullshit.
Definitely. If this guy were driving a shitbox, no one would care about the cop's precious foot.
Dude, making up random bullshit about someone else isn't "poking holes." Your complete lack of English comprehension, and lack of focus in this debate, leads me to believe you haven't graduated high school, or even middle school. It's no wonder you come across as hindered. Now am I pointing out your insecurities and poking holes in your statements? Or am I just making up random bullshit?
I use one insult and you keep bringing it up like it's the constitution. You seem to be giving a lot of thought about it. Perhaps you truly are sexually confused. This would make sense, since you've only reached physical maturity and not mental maturity. Being a high schooler, or even middle schooler.
Guy stole a cops taser and tried shooting one of them with it while running away. Definitely not murder. The prosecutor is also corrupt.
"Pristine order."
I'd kill you, too.
Why do people whistle like that? It's absolutely obnoxious.
Yes. This guy was fighting two cops over something as trivial as a DUI. He even stole a weapon and attempted to use it on them. The chances of him reaching for the cops gun after he downed him with the taser is an absolute certainty.
The cop had a weapon pointed at him when he shot that fucking piece of shit. Just because that human trash was unlucky doesn't mean he shouldn't have gotten shot. He earned his death.
At the time if the perp didn't assault two officers, steal their weapon and attempt to use it on them, he'd still be alive. It's funny how so many people side with dumbass minority criminals. As if they believe the system is rigged against them so much, they should never be held responsible for their actions.
Just watched the video again. Cop did say he felt the barbs hit him. So you can shut up now.
You're arguing for no god damn reason. You don't have any opinion. You're obviously trolling. So just shut the fuck up already.
That's obviously a backlash from the George Floyd riots and looting. And when you're arguing over something you don't care one way or another about, that's called trolling.
I know I'm right. And no jury will convict him. They'll never find 12 retards that would all agree with the prosecutor. And you obviously don't care. If you did, you'd pick a side.
Never. Not once. I don't waste my time or energy like that.
I encounter trolls like you every day that project the same "emotional" crap. I don't get flustered by dime a dozen amateurs like that. But go ahead and say what you want to make yourself feel better.
Troll.
Troll.
They took our shoes!
Trololololololol.
.
I win.
Funny how easy it is to reverse troll a troll. They never know it until you explain it to them.
You love getting trolled.
Is it worse than red label?
Is his Irish whiskey as shitty as the scotch I mentioned?
God damn. I couldn't even drink red label.
Definitely. Glenlivet 15 tastes far better than green label and is cheaper.
I like the cut of your jib.
🤣
I win, you're dead, I killed you 😂🤣😭💀
Very cringe, good work kid.
[Apparently Baumgartner isn't liked in the restoration community.](https://www.reddit.com/r/videos/comments/afe713/watching_this_guy_restore_old_paintings_is_way/edyq03y/)
I don't know shit about restoration and I was thinking he was heavy handed before even reading that post.
You only heard about the videos from reddit or YouTube, where did you expect the criticism to be posted? On CNN? Here's a [more thorough comment](https://www.reddit.com/r/oddlysatisfying/comments/bdogyv/this_art_restoration_soothes_me_down_to_the_soul/el09ret/).
Doesn't mean he's good at his job.
"Fix It Again Tony"
And shark fin soup tastes amazing too.
Like a bull.
That's illegal. If the entire shark is brought in, it's legal. At that point, you use the whole thing.
People that can't take out a Hydra deserve to be griefed. Edit: looks like you sissies never heard of the explosive 50 caliber rounds.
More white people get killed by police than black people.
The media and most of the left leaning public that buys into it.
Where did I say it wasn't? Oh, that's right I didn't. And I'm not your guy, buddy.
That's just some website saying what might have happened. I'm not seeing any video of the protest.
Show me a video.
People say they do, but I haven't seen any video of those protests. I'm not your friend, guy.
Already did before I replied. Didn't find shit. Nice try though.
You better link to those comments, because I never saw them any of the times this was reposted.
It's no skill gaming. You don't get better at any game by camping.
They've attacked me, and charged me with a crime I didn't commit. And I was successfully prosecuted despite hiring private attorneys. I'm also upper middle class and white. It can and does happen to everyone. "But but but, it happens to black people more, so we need to concentrate on that instead." /s
Do you not realize the police kill about twice as many whites as blacks?
I didn't die because I wasn't a fucking idiot that resisted arrest. The grand majority of people that die from police do.
Maybe, just maybe, black people and other poor people commit far more crimes than everyone else? Have you ever been to ghetto neighborhoods or cities? There's very few grocery stores or convenience stores, because people always steal shit. And if they do exist, all their easy to steal stuff is behind locked plexiglass. I went to a Walmart in a ghetto city a few months ago, and I couldn't even get a $4 charging cable for my phone without it being unlocked and delivered to the front register. Looks like personal responsibility is now considered racist, isn't it?
You gave a justifiable reason for them to resist arrest. I'm done debating high schoolers. Reply all you want, we're done.
For every movie, I like to eat strong edibles and drink 4-5 tall boys. It only makes sense that I go to the movies alone.
High school, college, you all have access to the same information these days so it's it's no different. Why are you even arguing with me? Clearly you have the whole world figured out.
Thought you were someone else for a second. I was debating 2 or 3 other snot rags and I thought you were one of them.
CS:GO is trash in the first place.
Call it whatever you want, it's boring as shit.
The worst part of the game is how slow it is. When I first started playing, I kept trying to find the "sprint" button. Turns out the default is sprint, and you push a button for "walk." I can't think that slowly.
Another popular opinion from somebody that can't exercise self control. People like you are the reason I can't get a prescription for percocet. You get addicted to anything and dodge all personal responsibility.
It's fair, honest and accurate. You're even responding to my comment less than ten seconds after it was posted because it's that much of an issue for you. I've never seen a reply that fast in 13 years of using Reddit.
So you resort to insults and flimsy rationalizations.
&gt;1. i dont need to use fucking %100 of my brain capacity to respond. Implies that I need to use 100% of my brain, therefore I'm not as smart as you.
Says the fragile person with a fragile ego that spends their time grandstanding on Reddit to feel important.
Now you're projecting. Good luck with that.
Found the middle schooler.
Impressive. I can barely take bars these days.
Because they worked.
Be didn't kill anyone and wasn't running from the cops.
On foot, not in the car.
That has nothing to do with my point.
Phones are far more affordable than housing.
More popular opinions. You're only saying this because the same thing has been posted multiple times.
You ever think he builds muscle using methods other than cycling? Probably uses steroids too.
I shit you not, someone brought an infant into Saw III. That should get child services involved.
Antifa protestors and advocates always say Antifa isn't a specific group, but a general idea. Then as soon as this shit happens, they say "they're not Antifa." You can't have it both ways.
Oh you...
Unless you're talking about your wage with coworkers. That silence helps upper management fuck everyone over.
Gotcha, cheap hookers it is.
With that free thinking ability, you must have just graduated middle school.
I shave my armpits for hygiene purposes. When I didn't, they stunk immediately after getting out of the shower. I shave my pubes too. I've also shaved my head. But that's high maintenance and impractical, without any advantages. You're still a damn idiot.
It's okay. You make up for it with the excellent food.
You've really never heard of anyone shaving their armpits for this purpose? Have you even graduated high school yet?
Now you're playing victim, after condescending to me first. Might as well go set up an autonomous zone and cry on Twitter when it gets raided by police.
Fuck yeah.
When I've been fat, those same girls would ignore me, not that I was into them anyway. It's only when I got in better shape than them that they told their friends they like me. It's a lot easier to ignore that.
Ever heard of these things called unions? Where everyone gets wage benefits? Jesus fucking christ, some people on reddit really are that retarded.
That's the same arguement I've heard against using condoms.
So I'm right, thanks.
Nah, you're just one of those stupid fucks that admits how someone is correct, while at the same time trying to sidestep everything in an attempt to argue they're wrong. Then you finish it with the tired old line "blah blah you're dense." It's really fucking sad how predictable the behavior is. I'm even betting you're going to double down and continue it.
Funny, because I was describing your actions, not mine. How do you even drive a car or hold a job when you can't comprehend such simple things?
Lots of people can afford to hand out a little money to homeless people and film it for Facebook or Instagram. That doesn't mean it's not self serving when a few people do it.
What kind of reply is that? I never said anything you said either.
Ain't no laws when you're drinkin' Claws.
Riiiight. We should sympathize with the people that created the loud, miserable situation that everyone else has to deal with.
What about the water that's used to make almonds, cashews or even avocados? Certain nuts take as much or more water to make than beef. But vegans conveniently ignore that.
Which means jack shit, since most of the animals, including the fish, are raised by man. But I guess factory farming is only bad when it's for animals, isn't that right? You also conveniently ignored my comment you chose to reply to.
Damn, if I knew you were going to play dumb, I wouldn't have even replied.
South Dakota then.
Especially the homeless.
But they're not Nazis. You can't call every racist a Nazi just because you disagree with them.
How does that make him a Nazi? That technically doesn't even make him a neo nazi. Anyone can wear anything.
If I wear a NASA shirt, does that mean I'm a NASA employee?
Retarted? And it's funny how you resort to insults when you can't handle simple logic.
It's funny how redditors let their simple emotions control them instead of logic.
Just because you disagree with a person, doesn't automatically mean they're a troll. Grow up you big baby.
Who's trolling? Something is obviously wrong with you guys if you get irrationally angry and label someone a troll just because you disagree with what they're saying.
So people wearing red are Bloods, people wearing blue are Crips, people wearing NASA shirts are astronauts and anyone wearing camouflage works in the military. Gotcha. There's a big difference between being a racist wearing a racist shirt and being an actual neo nazi.
Animals have far fewer taste buds and lack the intelligence and experience to know there's tastier food options.
If you're showing the dog the steak, then they know it exists. If you don't show it to them, they're not going to ignore the kibble because of that one time they saw a steak. A horse won't ignore hay because of that time they remember eating grass or grain. Nice try though. You're still wrong.
They can still be racist. But people automatically use the word nazi to stir up emotions. It's a bullshit, propaganda style tactic. Call them what they are, racist pieces of shit.
Seriously, if you want to mindlessly argue with someone, you can just fuck off already. This has nothing to do with my original point. But you intentionally took it in a different direction because you knew you were wrong.
Cute grade school tactic. "I know what you are but what am I?"
Yup, he's clearly a member of the SS. Moron.
["My boyfriend..."](https://youtu.be/I66aySW4le8) Edit: that silver matches my flair quite nicely.
I know what you are, but what am I?
Not really. The big one could clearly stop, but didn't until it ran over the smaller one.
Thank you.
No, but I did buy a pack of Magnums. Guess that means I have a big dick.
Yup. But they shouldn't have been that close in the first place. Normally the small boat yields to the large one, but considering the area and how easily the big one stopped, they should have kept their distance.
I just noticed your name. It's genius.
Fine, be retarded.
Victim? He's a vigilante. And he's only validating that old ladies racist beliefs by assaulting her with a can of lysol.
Except these aren't Nazis. Everyone is so desperate to see Nazis get hurt in their lifetime like the good old days, they'll call dumbass posers Nazis to scratch that itch.
Except actual Nazis committed genocide or worked for a system that committed genocide. That's a tiny, forgettable difference you left out.
You stop defending Nazis.
It sucks when people make shit up and treat you like a child, doesn't it? You want to act like a child, you get treated like one.
Dude, why are you worshipping Nazis? You clearly have a fetish for them, because you see them where they don't even exist. I know you want some SS fräulein to peg you in the ass, but that's your sick desire, I can't help you with that.
It is different. And supporting something that happened almost 80 years ago is entirely different that supporting it when it happened. It's sad how desperate you are to tie people to that travesty today.
Sometimes they shouldn't. Refugees want to flee their country for a better life, but they bring with them their backwards traditions and customs that are often oppressive and abusive.
Have you ever commented on a porn video? I haven't. And I've been watching them on YouTube style sites for 13 years. Very few people comment on them.
So how many people wearing nazi insignia do you think would want to be actual Nazis?
