You called it hotlanta. You don’t live in Atlanta.
I think Kirby Smart might be the smartest man alive.
The Dead Sea &lt; ACC salt
They basically have.
nb4 we don’t even care about the regular season.
Nah, North Carolina.
They should just call it Xhanced
Schefter always hangs out at Rudy’s.
Apology for poor English When were you when Drewb Rees dies I was sat at home drinking brain fluid when Fred ring “Drewb is die” “No”
I wouldn’t necessarily say this is white supremacy. I would just say that it’s someone aging “America is better than other places”.
I guess so but it seems like a lot of those cultures and places wouldn’t have been great in the late 1800s
If y’all don’t tailgate on Tech’s campus you’re doing it wrong.
With that Japanese in the 1800s? I’m not sure.
I heard that Bama isn’t planning on showing up to the stadium. Go dawgs.
I play DraftKings all the time and I’ve heard Bill say “Millions” before. Is it really 50 million dollars or is it 50 thousand? I’ve heard him say this a few times but I always thought it was thousand.
Where can I get a sticker?!
It’s hard to defend against Old Man Football.
I think that Imgur link in the second thread is dead :(
I run away all the time and they still shoot at me. Those turd men.
Yeah, don’t call the shove either.
Who actually talks like this?
ESPN is such a trash network now. When in high school (class of 05) i would literally watch everything ESPN had to offer, I’d even watch the same episode of SportsCenter 3 times in a row because I enjoyed the highlight packages and anchors. Now it’s just screaming at each other, tweets, trolls, Emojis and piss poor journalism. I used to love watching PTI, I would schedule my days around 5:30 so I’d be able to see Mike and Uncle Tony and yesterday was the first time I’d watched PTI in months and that’s only because I wanted to see what they had to say about UGA. I agree with Kerr so hard on this issue. ESPN has given that fuckhead a voice that carries absolutely no weight whatsoever but because he’s rammed down our throats, we have to listen to it. Seriously, who the good fuck cares about LiAngelo and LaMelo? Like, who? The saddest part is that LeVar talks about Lonzo like he’s Magic Fucking Johnson so the media will ask “why isn’t Lonzo better?!” When Lonzo isn’t Magic Johnson but he’s well above average for a rookie. All because his fucking dad won’t stop overshadowing him and overrating him.
I wish him all the best in the world. I hope he goes out and dominates the PAC12 but the truth was that there wasn’t a spot on this team for him anymore. Fromm is our future and Fields is our dynamic RPO’r so that doesn’t leave a lot of chances for Eason but whoever gets him is getting an absolute stud.
I love our team so much.
I remember thinking during the Rose Bowl: “Man, that’s weird to lose two coin tosses in a game” and then the opening coin flip last night I was like “man, that’s weird to lose three coin tosses in a row” and then before overtime I thought: “man, it’s weird to lose four coin tosses in a row” I’m not a smart man so what is the probability of losing 4 straight coin flips?
Wait, is Jalen Ramsey gay? What?
Yeah, they’re supposed to be a legitimate journalism site and over the past two years it’s just a circle jerk. I’m glad I unfollowed.
Yeah, it was like all non-patriot fans last year. Like, if you didn’t make the Super Bowl, you kinda can’t talk. Just like the only fans that can talk today are Bama fans.
This hit me right in the feels more than anything else. Because as much as I loved Gurley, he left a year early and was suspended for a chunk of his last year so we didn’t get as much time him as we didn’t Chubb and Michel. We literally watched these dudes go from freshman backups to the best RB duo of all time. I remember the summer of their freshman year everyone was kinda excited over Chubb because of that insane photo of him in high school track but I was always WAY more excited about Sony and then when he started to become elite I was so happy. Also, he helped us through the Sophomore season with Nick’s leg going backwards. I think Chubb was the better back over his career but Sony was the better prospect and in big spots he stepped up like a future pro should. I wish him the best and I’m going to miss this senior class like crazy.
&gt;I suppose we all look alike to you, right Constanza?
This guy looks like the King Turd over all the other Turd Men.
As long as he goes somewhere I’ll be happy.
This isn’t sexual harassment but it’s fucking stupid and has no place in public. No one wants to see that while they’re eating and they sure as shit don’t want to see it when they’re working at their shitty job.
Tumblr talk.
One is a city full of on the go people with so many weekend options and the other is a quiet mountain town in North Carolina (that I love). It’s still pathetic but people in LA could throw a rock and hit something cooler to do than watch the Chargers.
How much college football do you watch? Alabama’s talent doesn’t “vastly outweigh” the other top teams. Georgia and Clemson’s roster is comparable, if not better than Alabama’s.
Good lord, the Labontes look like children. Even Jeff Gordon looks taller? What?
Then he he and McDunough had to play the “gosh gee goly shucks” card all the way till the end.
Right now UGA is pacing everyone in recruiting. They signed six 5 star guys the first day of early signings and have a massive class coming in next year. But you’re right, Saban would be crazy to leave Tuscaloosa. Just like Coach K would never leave Durham. There’s literally no benefit.
Well, you don’t have to be a dickhead about it. I’m simply saying that Alabama isn’t lightyears ahead of the competition anymore.
And yet they’ll still find their way back to the finals :,(
Lebron is so scary that even with his band of scrubs I’m worried they can beat us just because of his super powers.
God I was laughing my goddamn ass off.
Explain plz
thnk u bby
Sean Payton is an insufferable fucking prick. Thank god for the Minnesota Vikings.
Kind of like how the Sun seems hot.
We cannot make the Super Bowl with Sark as our guy. Period.
Nah. He totally neutered a legendary offense with piss poor, predictable, uninspired boring play calling. I’d rather have a corpse in the booth.
It’s like “oh, let’s hope he gets better.” First, why? We don’t owe him anything it’s not like we should care that he develops into a good coach. And second, why not hope to sign a coach that hasn’t a been a total fuck up his entire career?
I wish movie makers would think about the consumers who have to talk to people and say things like “hey, did you see the trailer for ‘Don’t Worry, He Won’t Get Far on Foot?’” Or “Two Please, for Don’t Worry, He Wont Get Far On Foot!” These long ass titles have to stop because I try to say as little as possible to people and when I want to discuss movies with them I don’t want to spend 8 words on a fucking title.
Nah I know, just a goofy joke. Long movie titles are just so awkward to say.
None of that has anything to do with the coordinator? Or the awful QB play?
My thing is that the offensive coordinator literally coordinates your offense and our offense had absolutely no coordination this season. Timing and placement is a big thing for offenses and we had a absolutely none of either.
It shouldn’t be but unfortunately those people don’t respond to anything else.
I feel like I’m taking crazy pills for wanting him gone. I wanted him gone after the New England embarrassment. He is an awful coach and I can’t see any logic behind wanting to keep him
Embiid over Drummond is my only real issue with the starters.
Drummond is averaging 14.5 PPG, 15 RPG, 4 APG and 1.2 BPG. Starting 41 games and averaging 33 minutes. Embiid is averaging 22 PPG, 11 RPG, 3.4 APG and 2 blocks. Starting 31 games and averaging 31 minutes. I think there should be a premium on playing every game. Embiid rests constantly (not his fault) and has played 10 less games than Drummond. Besides the PPG their numbers are very close and Drummond is never going to be an offensive force but his defense and his rebounding is pretty insane this year. I just don’t like awarding an ASG spot for a dude that has missed as many games as he has. I also kind of don’t like Curry and Harden being in it because of their time missed.
Yeah but the ASG is literally based on he first 5 months of the season. I value durability more than most people and yeah Embiid is a better player, obviously, but he misses so much time that you can’t rely on him. Whereas this is Drummond’s 6th season and he’s played 60, 81, 82, 81, 81 and 41 games this season. He’s much more reliable than Embiid and not an injury liability at all. Which is huge for me. Also I don’t think Embiid would be a top 5 pick in a league redraft but that’s just me. I’m not arguing that he isn’t great but I’m not sure you can rely on him for 82 games.
That Richard Petty jacket is too dope.
IIRC Cinemassacre filmed some stuff about this place.
Dang, Rick and Morty wasn’t far off.
all free updates?
I live near Greensboro, NC and on one of their main streets they have two mattress stores literally right beside each other and I’ve never seen anyone in there.
Did you ever hear the story about how LHO apparently tried to kill some senator or something several months before JFK? The dude was sitting at his desk less than 200 feet from Oswald and he missed the shot? And now, all of a sudden, he’s splitting wigs in a moving car several hundred feet away?
Fromm. He’s our Tom Brady but can definitely see Fields coming in for some RPO like Tebow Leake.
No offense but no one is gonna be running y’all into the ground a year from now. I’m literally STILL hearing 28-3 jokes.
Weren’t people getting mugged during that time?
Yeah I know but I feel like if the NFL had their say in it you’d never see small market teams making the super bowl. Which, I guess they didn’t this year. Same with the NBA. If the NBA was rigged, Cleveland would never make it to the finals.
I mean, you never expect that stuff to happen but if it’s ever going to happen it’s gonna be in Philly. Also, don’t act like Boston fans are the poster boys for good behavior.
I read that Giannis was “devastated” over the firing of J Kidd but I had to assume he meant “delighted” seeing as how English isn’t his first language.
Guys don’t worry. They’re going to trade for George Hill and then everything will be fine!
The conclusion that he got smashed in the head, took forever to get up, looked groggy and then laid down again on the field?
The bigger issue isn’t whether or not he had a concussion but that the NFL (or whoever) didn’t put him through a test. What’s the point of concussion protocol if you don’t use it? I’m not saying that Cam had a concussion but the league should have done a test with all the evidence they had. A giant hit to the head, a slow get up and another fall on the ground (even if it was to make time for Anderson). The league should have went through the proper tests to be sure.
What? I’m just saying that what i saw looked like a concussion and should have been tested as one. Why have a concussion protocol in place of it’s just gonna be ignored?
You’re probably right but the league is supposed to protect these players and these quickie evaluations aren’t ideal. I’m not blaming the panthers or Cam because The same thing happened with Russell Wilson. He gets rocked, sticks his head in that goofy tent for 5 seconds and is right back out. Doesn’t seem like the league goes through all the steps unless it’s painfully obvious.
What did I say that was incorrect? These quickie evaluations aren’t safe for these players. The same thing happened with Russell Wilson when he gets rocked, sticks his head in the tent for 6 seconds and is right back out.
Zing
&gt; I love you Stop &gt;I love you Stop &gt;I love you Stop
Yeah but have you played Mario Odyssey?
That might as well be confederate money.
Eh I was being overly opinionated on r/NFL
Shhhh don’t tell anyone.
Plus Kris Kristofferson and Matthew Perry. Obviously has nothing to do with IASIP but how many big names did they have doing voices in this game?
🔥🔥🔥
No, just the first one.
I think so but it’s still so crazy that he’ll probably be back this season. If my foot ever did that I’d be in traction for years.
Is this part of the DLC?
Thank you.
Well yeah. That’s why I’m saying to not do that. Unless it was already in the spring and summer. Either way.
Fucking praise. Jalen better have his bat
We can’t have nice things :(
AUG? Is that a crate drop weapon?
I’ll take standard answers for $1000, Alex.
&gt;gay retard What year is it?
One of the greatest paint schemes of all time.
I swear to Christ, if Jayson gets injured tonight I’m going to pee on Bill’s mailbox.
Whoa I didn’t know this was a thing! I always wanted there to be some sort of record kept for when my Civ first discovered iron, or when we expanded to our second city, or war/battle records.
Whose are these? I love them.
WSHH
Were these two pictures taken at two different locations?
Jesus.
Oh yeah KD hit a dude with a basketball. You’re right.
It really is astounding how low JR’s basketball IQ is.
JR Smith’s lack of basketball IQ is astounding.
That’s cool. I’m not the biggest Durant guy anyway. Who’s your three?
I always do this. Especially if it’s something on YouTube.
Well, people shit on LeBron all the time. So giving him props isn’t necessarily a rarity
Maybe don’t punch people if you don’t want to get punched back? Sorry but I have no sympathy for people that start fights and then get rocked.
I don’t get why we need to make any moves at all. We had a team that just forced game 7 in the ECF and we’re about to essentially draft two All Stars. One of those guys is the 4th or 5th best PG in the league. Why would we want to trade him?
He’s not falling out of the top 4. That will be more insane than Kyrie on a long term.
Can someone explain what referees even do anymore?
Neither one of them should have been on the sidewalk, right? Obviously the car shouldn’t have been but bikes technically can’t be on sidewalks either.
The Ray Charles rendition.
Can’t be out here having Duke on Duke crime.
It’s crazy that they were doing the stuff they were doing (and still doing) at their age. People my age are complaining about aches and pains and these dudes are like 10 years older than me.
That’s cool too.
Well, to be fair so did I. But yeah, haha.
Idk it’s weird because he has been sucking LeBron’s dick all week. I never know which side he’s on now.
I think it goes all the way back to 1966 when UGA beat him and knock them out of a conference title. That man has the memory of a genius elephant.
I never really watched any of his shows but me and my friend would always joke that the ending of the *Pawn Stars* theme song sounded like it ran directly into the beginning of the *No Reservations* theme song. RIP
I’m not a huge hockey fan but my favorite thing in the world is watching long time athletes win their first title.
I really love Violent Crimes. Idk why, I’m not a dad and I don’t have a sister. It’s just a really good song.
Nascar is so goofy. They know they have this giant piss storm coming their way and they just continue to run lap after lap of caution. Then they’ll say “aw shucks we really wish we coulda finished this one for the fans”
Yeah if I had that dudes face, hair, body, skills, fame and money I’d be uninhibited too.
Now show the time Manny got punched so hard I thought he was dead.
I’ve had three android phones in my life and each of them shit out in under a year. Please.
Yeah, he’s had the car for a few years so he’s doing what he usually does but for some reason it’s stopped working properly.
&gt; Get in line (for the) asshole.... ftfy
Ehhhhh I feel like beating a pregnant woman close to death is grounds for deserving to be killed.
“Some AMD B350 chipset MOBOs may need a BIOS update prior to using Pinnacle Ridge CPUs. Upgrading the BIOS may require a different CPU that is supported by older BIOS revisions”
So just get whichever MOBO i want and it's an easy fix?
That meme of the kid with the veins bulging in his forehead is ESPN after not talking about Bron for 3 minutes.
Anything is better than Coming to Yo Cittay
Isn’t Tim Murphy the dude that slept with Dennis Reynolds’ prom date?
I wouldn’t let fucking FedEx tell me what to do. It’s their mistake. Not yours and not Newegg.
Oh! So I may not have totally fucked up?
They were so much scarier in FO3 IMO. I can remember going on that quest for Moira Brown to place that thing in the egg clutch and literally sweating when I got to the location.
Who needs a running back that can take that type of heat? I can’t think of anyone but he’s an upgrade for just about anyone but a handful of teams.
The guy in the purple pants should be beaten way harder than that. What a fucking scumbag.
Ah so OP is the real shithead here
College hit her *hard*
Play a good team.
I would give up everything in my life to be able to live in an alternate reality where Obama acts like Trump and watch every conservative shit their collective pants. This man is an absolute fucking embarrassment.
Kage is probably one of those dudes that bitches and complains about how we don’t have an Earnhardt anymore and than boos guys who race exactly like Earnhardt in favor of some boring turd.
I’m kinda glad it’s not us. I think Georgia would win but good Christ if we lost to UCF I’d have to give up on sports altogether.
With that hair and jacket be kinda looks like hipster Lloyd Christmas
&gt; don’t mess with our video games. But you bought the video game with “SJW” side missions. So, what’s the point exactly? That you’ll pay them for the game but you’ll kill people in it? That’s like, the point.
I think this is a statue dedicated to poker.
Seinfeld &gt; Friends Anyone who disagrees ain’t funny.
Nah
My collection isn’t impressive but I’m proud.
For sure. Thank you, I’m happy with my purchase. Also they’re the Air Force 1 Utility. The OBJs are 🔥🔥 too.
If I had money I’d give you gold!
Hopefully he was key to Alabama’s success and this will send them into a thousand years of darkness. 🙃
At least we contributed to an Alabama L.
I’m pretty sure they could prop up a dead dog as OC and still win at least one playoff game.
Of course I would. I could basically do the 1950-2000 sports almanac trick and be a billionaire. Plus I wasted a lot of time as a stupid kid.
For sure. I like plain Jane shoes usually. I don’t like crazy bright colors or anything. Maybe a little accents of red or green or orange or yellow but usually I stay conservative.
He also does a lot for children and his community.
Why is he wearing a Kane dog mask?
I almost went with prebuilt because I didn’t want to fuck something up. I’m happy I built mine and it runs like a champ but I would have gladly gone prebuilt. Plus it’s really not cheaper to build your own.
George Constanza’s dream car.
Malcolm Sex over here.
Fuck off
Thanks!
Midlife crisis at age 3.
🤤🤤🤤
White SK8 Hi. I kept checking to make sure it was right and my size was correct. I printed the receipt and everything.
Lol he should have hidden it under that welcome mat
I got my AF1 Utility yesterday, ordered the Vans today and hopefully getting Concords Saturday. It’s getting crazy.
At first I thought this sign said “Stone Cold kicks ass, hit man and eats ass” lmao
Worlds colliding.
Did anyone else think he looked lost? Edit: read the comments yes everyone thought that.
Somehow I found a pair in my size on Vans.com yesterday. I ordered them but I’m still waiting on the confirmation email. I’m afraid I’ll get something saying it was an error.
Yeah they will. It’s coming with your copy of Half-Life 3
Kojima is kicking himself for not coming up with this character.
Just like MJ played, keep the tongue out.
The king: MGS
Nice. I’m going back to bed.
At least we contributed to an Alabama L.
Oh and you can hear kids in the background. What a guy!
It kinda was a brag. You listed that shit out in detail and if was such a “shameful” moment you wouldn’t even bring it up in the first place.
Hey man, you gotta cover all your bases.
Hey man, if you want to hit a girl so bad, you can. I’m just saying it’s a bitch move.
What exactly did this girl do to deserve being hit though?
TIL that not hitting women is a hot take.
That’s me! I don’t think you should you should hit women. I am truly an idiot.
10-4
Yep. Just use the absolute minimum or it’ll seep out the sides. Fucking typos
We might not be the worst team in the league but we’re definitely the stupidest.
My favorite thing to watch: when Rodgers gets sacked and he tries to figure out who to blame. The receivers? The o line? The coach? The refs?
It’s football. I didn’t say I wanted to see him get hurt?
Hey quick question, has this team ever played football before? We are so fucking stupid and Quinn is borderline worthless.
Whoa! I didn’t know the prison guard from Shawshank is Mr. Krabs.
It’s crazy to think that’s just really hot sand.
I never thought those looked good on the app but they look awesome in this pic. Making me reconsider some things.
I like those socks 🤓
Lol got it.
Like seriously. The smallest dab you can manage. I can’t stress this enough haha. The good news is that if it does seep out the sides it gets all puffy and hard and you can basically chisel it off if you’re patient.
💚
First Kyrie and then Steph. If Richard Petty says the earth is hollow I won’t have any heroes left.
Andrew Wiggins must be proud.
Every Trump headline should just be forwarded to The Onion. Don’t change a single thing about it because Trump trying to be serious is funnier than anything the Onion could possibly come up with.
I love the blue soles but the little dots are a bit of a turn off. I love them though. Doubt I’ll get them.
Not everyone who has this haircut complains to the manager but only people with this haircut complain to the manager.
No you didn’t
Jimmie and Kurt look like TOTALLY different people.
You literally can’t mention or show any product on Reddit anymore without it later showing up on here.
At first I really liked the KD pods because he was so open and honest but now he comes off like such a shithead that I’d rather listen to Lombardi fart in a microphone for an hour and a half.
The Bay Area? Tired of these Warriors.
I’ve done a total 180 on the Spiderman 1s. At first I wasn’t a fan but now I think I’m going to try and get them off SNKRS. Wish me luck
To be fair, cold weather usually isn’t an issue since the NFL season takes place during the summer and every team plays indoors oh wait
How was it off topic?
I’ve never even entered a raffle before 🤓 I don’t know how they work lmao
Thanks
I don’t wanna judge a book by its cover but that dudes profile picture screams “I’m a big shithead”
I want to be remembered as being rich and well-hung. Unfortunately ...
Is Marcus Morris the best player in the history of the NBA?
I somehow snagged a pair in my size on Vans.com last week, I have no idea how. They feel great.
I miss the Mars Volta
My credit card is blocking the transaction at the moment. Gotta get on the phone.
I called Chase and the lady told me she approved the charge and cancelled the duplicate (I tried twice) but I never got to the confirmation screen on BSTN or a confirmation email so it feels like it might be in limbo until I talk to someone there.
Final update: I entered my first ever raffle with BSTN and won! I can’t believe it. When I went to order them I got an error saying that I had cancelled the order. I checked with Chase and they said they let it go through, so I checked with BSTN but never got a response so I got impatient and tried ordering them again and this time I got an alert saying Visa needed to validate it. Didn’t get that the first time. I called visa and the guy told me he’s approving it and to try to order them one more time with him on the phone and it went through. This has been a stressful morning to say the least. I hope everyone gets lucky 🍀
For Henry add in: Every time he says “I think a part of it is that” You’ll be fucking demolished.
What if you had to do a shot everything he said “esoteric” in the Solar Temple part 2?
Anyone know how long it takes to get a delivery from Germany to US?
Hell yeah. I’ve never ordered anything internationally. Idk why I thought it would take forever. We don’t live in the 1700s lol
Newman is the best character in Seinfeld fight me.
Ohhhhh how I’ve longed for this moment, Seinfeld. The day when I would have the proof I needed to haul you out of your cushy lair and expose you to the light of justice as the monster that you are! A monster so vile ...
Dang. With that kind of past she could have played football at Florida.
He literally filmed and distributed child porn.
Black Sambas, assorted Vans authentic and Nike SB Portmore II
The red laces don’t even match. They should have included white laces with blue tips or something.
Fuck off. What a bitch move. Ohio State, Florida State or Oklahoma. Again, bitch move.
I can’t believe he just expected to take Fromm’s job in his first year.
AHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHOOOMGHHHH
Say-Oh-Sin or Say-Ocean? I was a Say-Oh-Sin boi but I always heard it was really Say-Ocean
ohhhh so you're everyone i play against. Now I understand
Hey what part of the body is this???
Thanks!
Sometimes I see this shoe and I think “this ain’t it, chief” Other times I see these shoes and I think “maybe this is it, chief”
Oops.
I really don’t think he will.
Hm, I guess you’re right but I still think he stays 4 years.
🤷‍♂️
Jim and Pam were pretty fucking toxic.
This looks really bad. Really really bad. Really really really REALLY bad.
Uncivilized.
Kaepernick’s collusion case is going to be a slam dunk.
Technology kicked the Boomers’ asses so hard that they don’t even bother anymore.
I always thought Clark, Oh Henry, Bosco, Drake’s and Hennigans were all fake brands.
Was Shawshank a Dollar Baby?
Genius and Urban Dictionary has helped me immensely with my small amount of street cred.
I don’t think so. Durant and Kawhi could all bolt after a year and Harden wouldn’t work as a Celtic. Sure, they’re all better than Tatum but Tatum’s value is more than just his productivity. It’s having him locked up on the cheap for the next couple of seasons.
Yeah so you wouldn’t trade for them anyway. It wouldn’t be smart to leverage your best young asset for 6 months of a player.
I remember when polygon was mad that we didn’t feel guilty enough during FarCry 5 I remember another site complained that Red Dead 2 didn’t make us feel guilty either. Maybe people like to just play games to have fun?
Back to my main point. This isn’t a list of the best players. It’s a list of the best assets and when you look at Tatum’s contract compared to Kawhi’s Tatum is the better value.
Which part? Because all of this can be proven
The dude on the left has the smallest head I’ve ever seen.
Fromm is already father along than Stafford or Murray ever was at this point in their career. I never fully trusted Stafford and it took Aaron Murray until his senior season before I 100% trusted him. I’m already there with Fromm. He’s done so much in so little time that it’s kind of hard to believe. That’s why I don’t care about Justin Fields. Sure, he’s good and it would have been nice to keep him but we have our guy for (hopefully) two more years. I think Fromm and Kirby will definitely get us a national title.
Tampering rules don’t even exist anymore. The Clippers are actively stalking Kawhi and no one cares.
I work at a place called Bonset out in Brown Summit. We’re basically always hiring. It’s manufacturing work with swing shifts but it’s a great place to work.
I’m not entirely sure House understands how the trade value column works. It’s not a ranking of the best players in the league. It’s a ranking of the best VALUE. And by any standard Tatum’s current deal is a better value than Kawhi’s.
There’s literally no chance in the world the Celtics would ever do that. It would be stupid to give away your best asset for renting Kawhi for 6 months and hoping he resigns. No one is saying Tatum is better than Kawhi but Tatum’s situation is much better.
Good for him but I hope he doesn’t end up on Broke Part 2.
They weed out blinking in Durham.
Neither one of them are real so just go with whatever sounds right to you. I’ve never even heard of a fucking wyvern so I’m going with dragon.
Yeah I know but it’s not the same :(
Goddell is frantically looking for a way to suspend a retired man.
Not bad for an hour and a half
To be fair, when was the last time you saw an athlete with dreadlocks? Oh, all the time? Everywhere? Well then.
I did. Dang phones, man.
Yeah dreadlocks don’t just grow overnight and I’m assuming this wasn’t his very first wrestling match. So I’m gonna say that someone enforced a rule just to be a dickhead.
Yeah but not every rule is enforced. Like this one for example. Kind of like traveling in the NBA And to make a 16 year old kid cut his hair because this dude was on a power trip is stupid.
This perspective makes it look like a giant shoe.
You know they’ll all stand around it for a photo op later. Lol
The playoff committee answered my prayers for not watching compelling football for the rest of 2018.
Seriously. The conference champ games aren’t worth it anymore.
I would rather be a Bama fan than have Richt bring his fart cloud back to Athens.
If they hire Hue Jackson I might laugh until the falcons win a super bowl.
What gets me most hype for this game is thinking that when the original Metal Gear came out, it was considered an action game because the stealth genre didn’t exist yet. Death Stranding is called an action game because its genre doesn’t exist yet.
Blockbuster. Nothing was better than getting out of school on a Friday and my mom letting me pick out one movie and one game. Super nostalgic for that.
If you’re getting your facts from a talk show you have bigger problems.
r/im14andthisisdeep
Dude I’ve seen a ton of Titanic posts today? What the heck is going on
That commercial doesn’t make any sense. You’re still wearing the logo, Harvick. Nothing has changed!!!!
“My names Glenn. Glenn Danzig. People call me Glenn Danzig”
What exactly is the referee’s job if he can’t even get that shit right?
Dr. Disrespect in the house.
Imaging being so scared that you can’t leave your house without not one but three guns.
Oh yeah. I always forget about that.
Toxic Humanity. There we go.
I've literally never heard of a Rumple Minze in all my years of drinking.
TIL Blake Bortles is on the Rams.
It’s like hay in cartoons. It always looks so good.
Whatever, man. Go fuck yourself. But seriously the funniest part of this entire story is that while all this mayhem is going on there are sleeping children in the same house.
Loved in blue Feared in gray Loved in blue Feared in gray.
It’s Big Shot Bob, right?
As a diehard Dawg fan and a native of North Carolina I absolutely love Todd Gurley. Maybe the best college football player I’ve ever seen in person. Sucks he’s seemingly already falling off the radar :(
I’ll never understand why people race like this. It’s much more fun and satisfying to race clean and close. However, when it comes down to the last lap last turn, all bets are off.
According to those pants, James is 13 feet tall.
He’s like the G Man in Half-life.
Good lord, That’s so fucking pretentious
I didn’t think it was possible for Aaron Rodgers to get any lamer but he did it. He actually did it.
Is Doc Canadian?
I’ve never met anyone named Benedict in my entire life and this movie was two of them? That’s wild.
Nothing is fucking lamer than this stupid dog-speak shit
The letter N is now racist, guys.
Okay but those Raygun Dunks are sick as hell
This is a huge dick move but also very very funny.
Yeah they’ll definitely break in. When I first got them I almost regretted them because of how uncomfortable they were but they’ll get better
Sits courtside knowing you might get ran into: 🤠 Gets ran into sitting courtside: 😮
Can we actually go back to calling it The World’s Largest Outdoor Cocktail Party again? Please?
Charlie Kelly?
Just a real glossy JPEG
Yep.
IM LETTING YOU KNOW IM MAD BUT I DONT WANT TO TALK ABOUT IT
You know it’s a good fight when the crowd is taking their shirts off.
This makes me really want a pair of these now.
I know cousins is coming off a big injury but holy god
She’s a bumpkin and she makes love like one.
“If you stay ready you don’t have to get ready” “Don’t let people take up space in your head. They ain’t paying rent”
Yeah but for mark Jackson to reassure us that Livingston isn’t that type of player was lame. We could all see it was an accident. No one was gonna demand for Livingston’s head.
This game is going to OT. Mark it, dude.
I’m gonna ahead and say most of them are fake fans.
If Kawhi leaves the Raptors I’m going to be seriously bummed out.
The NCAA has absolutely no right to tell you who is an important member of your family regardless of who it is. If your 5th cousin is important to you, they shouldn’t be able to tell you otherwise.
This looks cool but take it with a grain of salt. This is E3 footage.
I got banned from r/whatisthisthing for saying it was the Vegas Giant’s makeup pallet. Those guys are no fun.
I try to keep up with F1 but I always forget to remember when they’re on. I’m so glad I watched this entire race today.
Coming from the NASCAR world it’s really hard for me to accept this as the right call. I understand that F1 is way more finesse and precise than stock car racing but it’s all racing. You can’t just let a guy pass you, knowing you probably wouldn’t get that spot back. Sometimes the two guys need to settle it and not let guys in an office decide for you. Still a fun race with lots of drama.
Hey, at least Bethesda is striking the BR iron while it’s lukewarm.
Frank Abagnale??
This is infringing on a popular vacuum cleaner. Used for toys, mostly.
Just once I want this to happen to me. I feel like I’m always surrounded by idiots on the road and not a cop to be found.
He like if Kramer and a gorilla had a baby
Marcus Smart is the only current Celtic I wouldn’t trade. I know it’s irrational but I love that dude. Celtic for life or I’ll riot.
Personally, think Joey is the best driver out there. I mean, who else can win races without eyeballs?
I’m just so tired of him. It’s never his fault that he didn’t win.
That’s a very good point. Grantland probably couldn’t exist today, which is a bummer. The Ringer is exactly what today’s internet is.
Cheering an injury? That’s a bitch move, Toronto. Awful karma.
Yeah idk. I mean it’s hard to tell what he’s actually doing. Maybe he was taunting but he looks super young here. Those fuckheads in Toronto were *clearly* cheering his injury and *clearly* waving goodbye to him.
Yeah, Kevin Durant, Jimmy Butler, Kyrie Irving, Steph Curry, Jayson Tatum,JJ Redick, Richard Jefferson, Jalen Rose. Who the fuck has ever heard of these dudes?
Durant will still get max money from any team he wants to go to. The problem is that IF it’s a torn achilles he probably won’t be on a court until after the ASG.
I prefer the conversation element with bill and his buddies over a more interview type pod. Also, most of the NBA guys are either playing in the finals, covering the Finals are on vacation from the season. I wouldn’t really care to hear much from a football player during the summer and I don’t think I care one ounce about what’s going on in Zac Efron’s life.
If you cheer for an injury, you’re a piece of shit and it’s just begging for bad karma. Kevin Durant might miss an entire season because he came back too fast helping his team. To cheer a guy that can’t get up on his own is fucking pathetic. Also this whole “they were happy their team’s chances just got better” is bullshit because fans were *clearly* mocking and waving at Durant as he was down.
You can be feel better about your chances when the best player goes down but once you start waving at him when he can’t stand up you went too far.
Again, they were mocking him and waving goodbye to him. That wasn’t a “Go Raptors” response that was a “Fuck KD” response. Cheering for injuries is fucking pathetic no matter how you slice it. When your own players are telling you to shut the fuck up you know you went too far.
Not all of them, not at all but the vocal majority surely was. Their knee jerk reaction was to celebrate an injury. Not cool.
Because I have empathy for another human. It has nothing to do with basketball. He didn’t deserve this.
Dude what’s even the point of Reddit gold? Every time I’ve gotten it I have no idea what to do with it
I agree with Russillo 100%. Jim and Pam are both total dickheads that only care about themselves. I mean, Jim broke up a marriage because he had a little crush, Pam lied her way to a fake promotion, Jim lied about jury duty to get a week off from work, Jim literally harasses Dwight and Andy, they both think they’re better than everyone else in the office and are just generally lame people.
Welcome to America with international soccer tournaments. It’s not just the Ringer.
NOHO Hank?
10-4 buddy. Not trying to make this a morality thing. It’s a thing people say.
Yeah, you want to beat the best at their absolute best. Also people will say stuff like “yeah, the Raptors won but...” although I’d assume that your first championship would be sweet enough by itself.
Hey man, don’t worry. I’m 31 and still don’t talk to girls much.
Ok this is epic
I work with a dude who is a diehard UNC fan. So it’ll be cool to see the Bears be successful but hearing him circlejerk himself over the Tarholes is going to make me want to quit watching sports.
My dad was like this and I thought he was crazy. Now I’m like this and I know that I’m crazy.
I’m saying they don’t say no to anything. They’ll make anything. The fact that they are saying no to this isn’t good. I don’t think it’s them not recognizing talent.
SQUAGELS! SQUARE BAGELS!
The lakers would cum their pants for a player as competent as Aaron Baynes.
For which party? Lol
Klay Thompson is a motherfucking warrior. No pun intended.
I worked at a pharmacy for 5 years and the reason they do that is because the customers take that time suggestion as the fucking gospel and will freak the fuck out if it’s one minute longer than what you told them. 20 minutes is just standard so when you get it in 5 you feel like you won something.
Mark Jackson needs to fuck off with this “no business in this game” narrative. This is an all-time great team. It feels like sour grapes he’s not coaching them.
Yeah, Mark. We don’t give a fuck what you think. I’d rather Doris be in the booth.
So say that. Don’t say they shouldn’t be there.
Fred VanVleet is the greatest player of all time 🐐
Congratulations to the Raptors. Always so cool to see a franchise get their first title. But MAN I wanted one more game of this series. Game 7 would have be absolutely pandemonium in Toronto.
Why the fuck would you call that foul? I’m so sick of referees.
So, Kawhi can’t leave now, right? RIGHT? I really don’t want him too at all. Much more fun with him in Canada.
Always good to see the 🐐 in the building.
Bill 💚💚💚💚💚
Well Finals MVP for two different teams but yeah that’s crazy too
So overnight the Warriors became sympathetic. So weird how that works. I fucking love Klay and for him to tear his ACL, come back in and hit his free throws just in case he was able to come back in makes him a legend. Next year the Warriors are going to be without Durant, which they kind of expected anyway and Klay. It’s gonna feel very weird seeing them next season.
Nah dude that’s a punch to the neck.
This is awesome but also the picture on the right makes it look like that dude’s head is super tiny lol
🦶
Ladies, this is why you shouldn’t go after tall men. They might turn out to be a mass murderer.
Please let the Lakers continue to be this fucking stupid for years and years to come.
Thank God the Lakers stepped in and made this trade. If the Celtics had pulled the trigger I’d be yanking my hair out right now.
The Pelicans now have 3 super young players and the 1st and 4th picks in the draft this year. I feel like this is a dork in the road for this team. The Pelicans have a chance to build something special now.
Oh you mean the one team that will probably be in reboot mode next year(Toronto) Or the team we own (Philly) or the other team with one good player that can’t shoot (Milwaukee)? I like our chances.
Reminds me of when Cartman put Butters’ dick in his mouth so he had to make up that crazy excuse why it happened.
Bob Wehadababyizaboy
Survive deserves it.
I think we’ll be fine. By the way I’m absolutely loving all the SECE salt in here.
Seems like either a smooth landing or the bird only fell from 2 inches.
NOHO Picard
If Fromm gets a fishing injury while he’s down there I swear to god ...
Welp looks like it’s about time for another playthrough
Uh, excuse me? Last time I checked Jayson Tatum never starred in a Hollywood BLOCKBUSTER checkmate, atheists.
Eating ass for one hour sounds like the absolute worst.
Most of this is opinion but they absolutely didn’t have the fastest cars. I mean, come on.
That kid is going to grow up to be a psychopath and it’s fucking sad.
The Knicks missed on Kyrie, KD and Zion.
Boris Shcherbina 🙃
Jim and Pam are total dickheads. Self-absorbed turds that act like they’re better than everyone around them when in fact they’re much, much worse.
Also Jim encourages her to move to Scranton with him, knowing full well that he still wanted Pam and then basically tells Karen “oops sorry”
Oh yeah, I forgot you can’t not like a woman in a tv show.
Ugh. I wish they were quiet.
Go step on his shoes
I love this. I thought about going through the all-time top posts on r/carporn and recreating everything I could. Unfortunately I’m lazy and have no talent.
By George! I’m about to perform the ‘Dab’ because it is aesthetically pleasing!
Integrating the balls into the wheels was a classy move. I’m going to stand and bow.
As a diehard Seinfeld fan I can’t wait to run HELLO NEWMAN into the ground
The amount of sand in China’s vagina could create a 1:1 scale replica of Jupiter.
What a glow up
I bet they mean yellow teeth and not yellow people. Come the fuck on
That’s why I listen to bill though. If I wanted stuffy NFL experts I’d listen to them. I listen to Bill because he’s an irrational fan like me.
I think so. It’s all cheating but the Astros cheating was way more egregious IMO
Jackie Chiles
I mean, I guess she could have been a prostitute.
You could load me up with PEDs and I still wouldn’t be able to hit a baseball or throw one 100 MPH. It helps players that are already pretty fucking good. However, if you know what pitch is coming before it’s thrown, that’s huge.
He reminds me of the blind guy that Larry and Richard Lewis help move
As a Georgia fan I’m thrilled to get him out of the conference. As a falcons fan I’m terrified to have him in the division.
90’s Jeff Gordon is fuming
If I eat that much for breakfast I’ll be on the toilet for the rest of the day. No thanks. Also, beans for breakfast makes me want to kill myself
&gt;a few weeks of my life to save the rest of it That’s so well put. Good luck!!
I feel like we should be comparing Ingram and Jaylen Brown. At least that’s the same draft.
I’m not very well educated in UFC. Are those shoulder strikes like a game changer or something? Or did Conner just execute them well?
Yeah everyone immediately holds back the dude in red but couldn’t be bothered when the first kid got slapped. Let the dude in red blow that little turd up and then maybe think about stopping it.
This happened in my town. I only saw the dad running on the mat and didn’t see the move before. I don’t blame the dad at all after seeing that move.
You don’t even need to pay attention. He’s just a fuckhead.
Yeah, I forgot that rule where players have to stay in state.
Brock Vandagriff is a great QB name.
I love that Kyrie sees himself as “woke” but wouldn’t be able to be this profound in a million years.
Believe me, no Celtic fans are hung up on Kyrie lol
There’s literally a comment with 1800 upvotes at the top of the page talking about Kyrie.
Knowing this administration, they’ll plant 1.2 trillion fake trees
Pot meet kettle
If they’re real: a diamond If they’re reps: a rhinestone Either way, that’s a great gift.
No Doug? Smh
There’s absolutely no way this happened.
That’ll teach ‘em!
I’ve had my same fob for 7 years and I’ve never had to replace the battery. The fuck is mike doing
Even if it happened no one “made you” lay in fucking mud you dong
Someone on my timeline said they didn’t care that Kobe was dead because “Kobe said fuck you to the Hornets” which is factually wrong and just fucking edgy for the sake of being edgy. Can’t stand shit like this.
I was a waiter for all of one month a few years ago. It was, by far, the worst job I’ve ever had. The customers were awful, the management was even worse. In the short time I was there there was a physical fight between a customer and a waitress, a waitress and a waitress and a manager and a chef. All legit fights. My last day was the Saturday before Memorial Day Sunday and I was scheduled to work the weekend. That Saturday was a fucking nightmare and I worked a double without a single break, got yelled at and got bullshit tips. So I woke up Sunday morning and just didn’t go in. I hung out with friends and watched the Indy 500. No regrets.
Tirico pointed out in Ryen Russillo’s pod that before Kobe’s last free throw, Gordon Hayward was intentionally going to get a lane violation just in case Kobe missed, to give him another chance at 60. That’s fucking respect. EDIT: Hay said it wasn’t intentional so who the fuck knows.
Using ABC Doug instead of Nickelodeon Doug is a federal offense.
Damn, remember when we had to actually remember phone numbers?
I’ve enjoyed the season so far but I agree. Him snapping the selfie stick over his knee was so stupid. It felt like something from way left field.
I don’t see why anyone on earth thought this would be a good idea
People gonna start wearing the Luka Doncic numbers.
He’s a top 10 guy ever. That’s all I need to know.
Don’t forget handegg 🤮🤮🤮🤮🤮
Well, you can still be great and not in your prime. Look at LeBron.
All four of mine were like this. I don’t know if it’s *that* crazy
Like Kenny said, everyone is in such a race to be the first to report that they don’t even get the facts straight. For a while I thought Rick Fox was with them
Man, just say “that dude soft” and leave it at that.
Marcus Smart for Luka Doncic straight up who says no
I love all my boys equally
I’m glad they’re standing with the protestors but this could get really, really bad. But the protestors need the protection.
How many bad apples is this now? I’m starting to think the whole orchard is fucked.
Yeah, that’s enough lmao
“Aw shucks, guys! I want to help these people not eat chicken ...... but if you insist” And then he floats behind the chicken smell like some Looney Tunes character
Yeah, you nailed that right on the fucking head.
It’s because they can’t understand anything else. They’re soft men and women that get their feelings hurt far too easily and they don’t understand anything that isn’t aggression.
His supporters don’t give a shit. They’re too deep in the Kool-Aid and nothing will change their minds.
I can’t believe ANTIFA would do this!!!!!!!
Nah. They ain’t pretending. They worship this man.
Lmao so true. “He loves our lord and savior so much that he creampied Jesus!”
They know. They just don’t care.
That’s because the national guard gets actual, proper training as opposed to cops that take a 3 week course online.
The army has people to answer to so they have to be on their shit. Cops are unchecked at every level.
They’re dying for protestors to do that. They can’t wait to have an excuse to beat the shit out of people. Everyday they wake up HOPING someone will step to them. They don’t want this to be peaceful.
I’ve tried reffing basketball before. It’s way too stressful lol.
I wonder if this has anything to so with the fact that the National Guard has actual, proper training as opposed to the cops who send away for a badge from the back of a comic book? Nah, probably just a coincidence.
She might want to focus on the police and not a fake terrorist group.
My home town. So fucking proud.
That handwriting what the fuck
If they’re protesting peacefully you can try shooting them with rubber bullets?
This police union is just organized crime.
How dare you. Robert California was SO much more than the lizard king line.
One bad cop and one complacent cop = two bad cops
This dude thinks protesting is illegal. He couldn’t even read the first amendment.
I’ve never been in a fight before. This is my biggest fear. That I’ll haul off and punch someone as hard as I can and they won’t react.
Lmao that cop’s itty bitty little feelings got hurt. He was so flummoxed that someone would dare speak to him that way.
They don’t care though. Cops don’t care if you film them anymore, they’ve made that very clear. Until actual change is made, there won’t be any consequences for these cops and they know it.
Two pigs and a whale
Bologna Strong sounds like a Tim and Eric skit
Most of the people complaining about this couldn’t name 10 drivers in the field anyway. Fake fans getting fake mad for the sake of being mad. Good riddance, snowflakes.
NASCAR hasn’t been a “racist” or “redneck” sport for a long time. The fan base has made it that way. Luckily, that is becoming less and less an issue anymore.
I would love to know the medical condition.
Bart Gunn’s head turned to fucking rubber. Also, one of the worst ideas in WWE history.
Where does this happen? Lmao
Goddamn, you might be the dumbest person I’ve seen on Reddit in a while. I’m glad to hear I’m glad to hear I’m glad to hear I’m glad to hear I’m glad to hear
God, yes. Please let this keep going! I'm so close!
Sometimes I wish freedom of speech didn’t cover stuff like this. I would love if this was fine-able at the very least.
Oh yeah fuck
What were the Vegas odds that something like this would happen at Talladega? -1000?
Linus Tent Tips
Ayyyyy I didn’t know a better way to explain it.
Thanks man. Gotta keep it simple.
The times I’ve gotten gold I had no idea what to do with it. Feels like such a waste.
They don’t even care about their immediate families anymore. It’s so sad how selfish people have gotten.
