Was George Zimmerman actively being attacked when he shot the boy? We have loads of case files where the self-defence defence works only on the testimony of the shooter. The court doesn't attempt to assess whether the shooter is genuinely under threat.
"potentially". There are loads of cases where the self-defence defence works based only on the testimony of the shooter, they just say that they "feel threatened". I think being able to get away from any murder is pretty convenient.
He said he can't speak Chinese, but Slavic people are known to be criminally sardonic. He probably meant that he can't read the operating manual of a nuclear power plant in Chinese.
That's a McD belly. He doesn't drink.
Oh i see the problem. You guys are completely off topic. The nestle ceo (and me) was talking about access to natural water resources, as in aquifers, lakes and rivers. This has nothing to do with municipal tap water.
flat abs alone costs $490. Loud snoring is $389.
You can't beat thermodynamic. Rain means lower solar insolation, means less energy available to synthesize the rubber protein. No amount of genetic engineering can make the trees break the law of energy conservation.
r/the_erotic_Donald
But actually, only heterosexual couples are producing children that have to be raised by the state foster system. The non heterodox couples that adopt are the ones that take away children from state care
almond has a huge water footprint, it's almost as bad as dairy milk. Soy milk is a lot more sustainable.
&gt; It would have some collateral damage in the west, but would definitely achieve a lot without a single bullet being shot. And also ruin the life of 130 million Russians. They are women, men and children, just like you and me, not a bunch of robots.
This is the king, not the Prince. Omg you're such a racist, not all middle Eastern despot look the same you know.
Literally cultural appropriation. Don't use Arabic numeral unless you're at least 1/8 Semitic
Those British universities became great in the first place because they were able to attract the best brains in the world through Britain's inclusive policy. This Britain first attitude could cut the postgraduate population by a third.
This is the HW that refused to apologize after the US navy shot down an airliner full of civilians
Pakistani
Really? I don't remember voting for that
Completely wrong in every point. The Constitution literally gives the power to run presidential election to the states. Besides, this requirement would be a procedural requirement, different from the absolute requirements outlined in the Constitution (above 35, citizen). You will be required to submit the tax return in the same way you have to submit the other forms to get your name on the ballot. As for the slippery slope argument, gee Gerry, you have some good ideas there. The President is the most powerful position in the country, one of the most powerful in the world. Why don't we totally vet the mental and physical health of the president? College transcript, sure, i can agree to that. If a senior executive position at a company require those vetting process, why not the president?
Clean coal, because we're not monsters here
Something straight people will never understand: being turned on by one's own body
The idea is that a white woman's only purpose in life is to be the wife of a white man, therefore, for every white woman that is in a relationship with a non-white man, that's one white man that lost his rightful woman, therefore cuckoldry.
They don't need anyone's help to be riled up
&gt; they are convinced that government is never the solution I once went to a libertarian sub and suggested that customs &amp; border patrol should also shut down during a government shutdown. They suddenly turn progovernment.
What media were you watching? I don't remember it being like that
Call umno, they have thousands
How do you cut daylight short, do you move the entire earth?
Asshole Moronic Orange Low Energy Don - AMOLED
I thought Mecca is in Swedenistan ?
Because operating the helicopter need a lot of maintenance tool and fuel
My dear, you very conveniently left out the crucial part, the senate trial after the impeachment. What's your take on that?
This is just DKP rebranded
Nope, the platform is lightweight on purpose. If it's heavy and sturdy, a wrong jump would push your feet against the platform, causing you to land on your head, which is very dangerous. With the lightweight platform, it pushes away, so you land safely on your butt.
Do you just A-click on your enemy army?
Marijuana of also illegal, but there are literally restaurants that serve them
A chain of distribution, each step dropping in age incrementally. The 21 year old gets his supply from the national distributor, he sells to high school seniors (17), seniors sell to juniors (14), lower form sell to primary seniors (12) etc.
One step below the millionaire business owners and hedge fund managers are the professionals. These are the doctors and surgeons that make $500,000. They are rich, they live almost like the millionaires, drive similar cars, live in similar mansions, but they don't have fuck you money. An Audi is something that they can buy, but not before sitting down with the wife and going through the books.
I assume that means if the babysitter wants to eat the snacks in the pantry she has to pay for it? That the most charitable interpretation I could come up with.
Does keeping the old buildings lead to a measurable net increase in the living standards and happiness of the people living there? I'd like to see some evidence-based policy
Here you can see the effect of muddying the water. Fox has tried very hard to mix the concept of voter fraud and election fraud, see this guy being asked about election fraud and answering only about voter fraud
LA is not crowded. In terms of people per square area it is way down there in average land
But did he show a pile of empty folders in a press conference?
No, we should build a Hillary email wall around the capitol building and the WH so that no republicans can enter.
If Hillary did won the presidential of 2016, the House and the Senate would still have been completely Republican, and any illegal money laundering that she did would still be prosecuted and she would have been impeached. So what do you say to that?
That a Republican congress would investigate and prosecute the crimes of a Democratic President? Do you disagree with this assertion?
Yes, it does have to go through the FBI with its REPUBLICAN director. But that's about it, because the Congress has the exclusive power to prosecute the President. You're not even American i don't think, if you don't know this basic fact.
I hate the term "unskilled immigrant". They have low education, sure, they don't have a fancy degree, but they are skilled. The people that are willing to travel thousands of miles into a completely new environment are no mediocre slouch.
When did we agree that the issue is not worth addressing? I don't remember voting
How much revenue does the D2 servers generate?
He's a Nobel laureate who discovered DNA. Why would that give any credence to his thought on human psychology? Mind you, he was a chemist, working on the DNA in purely chemistry term. The study of genetics is a completely different field.
Yes, like what they're doing now.
It's like the dorne arc, but actually watchable
Premarital sex is bad! Let me have sex with your children to really teach them that sex is bad
Sendiri pilih healer, sendiri kena blame bila kalah
PM done
I don't need to justify everything i do. If i want to do it, i will, if i don't want to, i won't. That's freedom.
Nope, since the Qults were blasted off reddit TMOR no longer get any content on them. I kinda miss them actually.
It just means Asian bears, doesn't have to be sumo wrestlers specifically
Funny how you try to absolve the Congress off their constitutional duty.
When Feinstein casts cleave, a state splits in two.
For eternal youth, no price is too high
Well good, can't wait to have the gst again like a proper modern country
If you actually calculate the fatality rate, doing the hajj is no more dangerous than walking at the park. When you have millions of people, of course there would be deaths.
Does your park have 5 million people in it?
If your job is to stop Christmas, the agency name should be Chrisn'tmas Enforcement Agency.
That's the national animal of Scotland
So it's telling that no conservative meme could pass the low low bar of r/politicalhumour
Need a new program to counteract this bias: No Right Left Behind
Also need blonde hair and thin legs
I'd like to go a different direction. I propose that the kementrian pendidikan reduces its involvement in individual school governance. The kementrian provides syllabus, salary, training and examination services, and the PIBG becomes the school governing board that decides on other things like scheduling, uniforms, fees and student activities.
&gt; To suggest that in the US, we should wait weeks for ballots to arrive That's how it happened before modern road and automobiles were invented. That's why there is a three month period between the election and the actual inauguration and swearing in. &gt;is absurd The limits of your cognition doesn't hinder reality.
There is a good reason to have different funds for different purposes. Is this not obvious?
To kill a smocking bird
So at the end of the day their asset value is constant?
The Philippines had how many millions of people?
Go ask a libertarian. They believe that private businesses will always do the right thing.
&gt;Libertarians were supporting LGBT rights well before the left or the right saw that it came into fashion. Could you elaborate?
The current president
That video is in Indonesian. I don't know why they pronounce it that way, or if this pronounciation is the official Indonesian pronounciation, but at least that explains the difference.
Could you provide sources for those numbers?
They are like Joodee
Make sure you are hydrated. The vast majority of complaints from people starting fasting is due to dehydration and low sodium
I don't understand, why did your stepfather see you and your bf in the living room and immediately assume that you're gay? Were you two naked?
Should be in the olympics IMO
kkk - ketawa keluar kuat
There's no comprehensive list of which map feature favours which race because really nobody knows. The map designer couldn't possibly predict how the players would exploit certain features to their advantage. &gt;I could make four maps, each of which would be completely dominated by one of the four races Yeah, huge doubt on that OP.
Is there a middle ground between theistic and atheistic? Please explain.
So ask everyone to send mail to the border, the postal workers will stack the mail into a wall. That could work.
You've never heard of a throwaway account?
Watch out for those that have fillings. May contain animal-based gelatin.
Singapore was the administrative capital of the British Malay territories and home port of a royal navy fleet. It wasn't New York or Hong Kong then, but it wasn't poor by any stretch of the imagination either.
Disagree completely. StarCraft 1 and wc3 kept going for a decade without any gameplay update from blizzard.
So?
You can't just copy a bad take word for word and call it satire.
You mean you're not giving special treatment to the conservative? They will vote trump again because of you.
&gt; As a military guy who can read between the lines when people are slyly rebuking leadership Are you under the impression that this is a special skill that only a few people have? You might as well say "as a mom who can stand in line at McDonalds without going through a full on meltdown".
&gt; t's a much bigger 'fuck you' then you can even imagine /r/justbootthings /r/iamverybadass Did you graduate top of your academy and have 300 confirmed sternly written letters?
&gt; This is legit This is pumping loads of ozone and nitrogen oxides into the air. It'll never pass emission regulation.
Why are you ignoring the fact that this is done by the state government? Does that statement mean anything to you? Do you understand what it means for this country to be named "Federation of Malaysia" ?
That post has ten times more comment than votes
Actually he's president of the United Deep States of America.
Isn't that a succulent sweet tropical fruit with a red skin and translucent flesh.
It's nonessential in the same way that your intestines are "nonessential" to your body. In the event of intense stress and danger, the brain will empty your rectum and draw a lot of blood away from your guts to go into the limb muscles, the heart and the brain, so that you can run away or fight a threat more effectively.
This is in a Muslim majority country, so the roads would be empty during Friday noon prayer. Basically most traffic rules are de facto suspended for about two hours.
Foundation single crochet. Also i recently realized that Tunisian crochet is just a very large foundation crochet turned sideways.
Even a dog knows how to perform tricks to please it's owner. We're not talking about complex manipulation here, it's just a matter of repeating things that got the loudest cheers from the crowd.
Because he already delegated the duty of bringing peace to the middle East to kushner?
So? We still refer to concepts that was written about by ancient Greek and ancient Roman sources.
Because the US pumping massive amount of weapons into the region was what enabled the conflict.
Naan desuka?
All languages are like that. You go hard hard learn hochdeutsche in GMI, land in Koeln still tak paham sebutir pon.
I'm guessing that chart is nominal, not real. The dip at the end is purely due to ringgit depreciating against USD. Our real GDP has shown steady increase.
We do judge a country by the actions and words of their lawmakers.
So you add more. Like in high latitude countries where they spread salt and gravel after every snow fall.
So you can hire someone to clean the toilets every morning, or to powerwash miles of street every morning. Which one do you think is cheaper?
&gt;My goal is just to automate E V E R Y T H I N G The journey is the destination
How many years is blademaster the op hero that everybody fears?
Those are not cave paintings. They are trump's own handwriting
In terms of genociding brown people and sectarian violence, yeah you're right. Jordan is much more liberal than Israel and the US.
It means what it means.
Malay originally meant just Malay. It's just that the Europeans couldn't tell the difference between brown peoples, so they call everybody in South East Asia Malay. So you got your logic backward. It's a bit like how faranji came to mean all white people, even though it originally refers to the Franks (French people)
Literally every second that he sat behind the desk of SOS was a corrupt act. Conflict of interest.
What are you even trying to say? Even if a mitochondria from the sperm were to get into the egg, that sperm mitochondria still originally came from the father's mother most likely, and it doesn't affect the hypothesis at all.
And more importantly, have the workers themselves defend their right to be underpaid. Damn the american food service business owners have it good.
Worth it for the 72 virgins
&gt;&gt; They did put people in camps, like the Americans did with the Japanese, &gt; &gt; Argh! It was NOT just like the Americans did! The circumstances were different, sure. Germany was blockaded, with limited space, food, fuel and manpower during the war, which lead to the horrible conditions in the work camps, and eventually the mass murder. But the motivation behind the internment was similar enough that if the US were to be blockaded, surrounded and invaded on just like Germany, I speculate that the internment camps would likely turn into extermination camps just like in Germany.
&gt; I think the data sample set is biased against the population data set and actually, no fair conclusion can be provided. We have a hundred years of development in statistical analysis, and we know full well how to isolate and exclude variables in a complex dataset. So cut it with this bs that just because the dataset is not perfectly clean is not useable.
It's literally the exact same thing as the Marshall plans, something that the Americans like to cart out every time the Europeans get uppity.
What stitch is used in the main body of the sweater?
Notice he didn't kneel. Don't want his $5000 suit get dirty.
The foil blanket is the best blanket material at keeping heat in and wind out, better than any fabric we have. The only reason people don't use it at home is because of aesthetics.
How so?
The carbon tax covers more than just your car fuel. Even then, the actual actual poor people (not the Reddit "poor" bros) ride public transportation. Literally every product you use requires energy to produce. Home heating, cooling and lighting is also a big chunk of our energy consumption, so the carbon tax punishes suburban stand alone houses in favour of high density urban housing and low energy rural houses. It punishes long distance travel, something that rich people regularly partake in.
Bill Gates pay less in income tax than his secretary due to various deduction shenanigans. How's that for regressive? You can't avoid consumption tax the way you (meaning rich people) can avoid income tax.
Factorio would have been perfect if it didn't use LUA as the scripting language.
No. Most will go towards the salary of the people building and designing it and the parts manufacturers. The actual profit from the sale of a car may or may not be distributed to the shareholders, but usually the company will reinvest it into the business.
If anyone's interested in the prosperity rule set and it's real world implementation, check out r/georgism and r/neoliberal
Not without paying RM30,000 a semester
The same reason the US has bases in many countries all over the world.
&gt; a large, economically depressed nation seeking it's former glory while testing it's borders? A growth in nationalism? Western powers who don't seem interested in stopping an aggressive foreign power? Are you describing the US?
United Fruit could be the name of an lgbt band or something.
I heard the CEO of thaibev has a cousin whose grandparents sold kelapa ais to chin peng when he was hiding in the jungle, therefore the company cina dap.
I just got a cheque from toblerone last week.
I think so too, but what to do about all these people singing praise of solar and wind energy as if land area is infinite.
But what if it was a group of black teens trespassing on the property of a wealthy white neighbourhood?
Great point. This is also the same as LGBT pride that homophobes ignorantly miss. It's not about being celebrating being LGBT, it's celebrating living and surviving as an LGBT person in the face of adversity.
Actually pretty much everybody agrees that this is a violation of the teachers freedom of speech. It's just that in America the Israeli lobby is more powerful than the Constitution.
Why does it ruin the narrative? The narrative is not that the cuban missiles were retaliatory, but that the US didn't have the grounds to object to its placement.
That's like asking what value does a physicist bring if they can't analytically predict turbulence. (Seriously, we have probed the farthest galaxy and the smallest fundamental particle, but water flowing down the drain is still a mystery) First of, the field is much more broad than making macroeconomic predictions. Secondly, just because they can't precisely predict the market doesn't mean they can't predict the market at all. It's just a matter of reducing the error of the existing models.
Many other countries have a bicameral legislature that aren't fucked up like the US. Usually the upper house is ceremonial, they just pass whatever the lower house had passed unless it's really egregiously bad. I think the key difference is that the US senate is allowed to write bills. In other countries, the upper house is limited to either voting on yes-no to the lower house bill, or sending it back with amendments, but never write one from scratch.
You bring up a very good point, but I'd like to argue it. First, the prophet was commanded to perform the Hajj specifically at that time, so he didn't have much choice there. Second, the two hajj attempts (there were two hajj before the liberation of mecca right?) were partly a political maneuver to compel the meccans to sit in a negotiation with the medinans, so I'd argue that was as a precedent that hajj is a potent political tool. Third, at the time the kaaba was a polytheistic shrine, so performing the hajj wouldn't serve to validate the host's believes, whereas today the pilgrimage to mecca is entirely a Muslim affair, so a Muslim going on hajj does affirm the believes of the host in some ways? I mean i have heard some grumblings from iranian shias who don't really appreciate the fact that the two cities are in sunni jurisdiction.
Such an overt aggression from the US is actually strengthening support of the CCP. The people of China may debate to what extent they want the party to control their lives, but they unanimously agree that they will never ever bow down to the west again
Oxygen carbide?
They can. They really really can. It's called conversion rate. https://theonlineadvertisingguide.com/glossary/conversion-rate/ Reddit really underestimates advertisers. It's a full scientific discipline, and no, adblock doesn't allow you to escape from advertisement.
Obergefell v Hodges was in 2015. Korra book 2 was 2013, when the first hints of her bisexuality trickled through, the show ran to 2014. The show was literally riding the wave of change.
He was elected by 538 people.
Yeah, ain't nobody going to forage deep into the jungle for a cheap kuih. The periuk kera for human consumption is cultivated, so making and eating it has no impact on the wild population.
Statistically speaking, straight white people are the source of all my problem. Do you know that SWP makes up 45% of the population, but a whopping 90% of Congress and 76% of white collar crimes. Data don't lie.
We already live in a tropical paradise, every day can be a vacation. I feel like Malaysians take for granted just how pleasant this country is, and why Europeans have to travel to the Mediterranean or the Caribbeans to relax. I wish it is socially acceptable to go topless outside in parks for some sunbathing.
Well, at that level of wealth they can afford to have a piper cub fully fuelled sitting in a hangar in the airport. Godzilla comes to the bay area, he can be up over Nevada in an hour.
motion-tracking maybe
Difference between acupunture and stabbing a knife in your gut, you know. Difference between sauna and splashing someone with boiling water, you know. Sunbathing can be therapeutic if done properly. There's no question that it can be harmful if done poorly, but that's true of literally everything.
&gt;I mean atleast we don't massacre our people to quell rebellion Read a history book.
A shit tree can only bear shit fruits. There's no way you can make any deep or witty joke about trump, because he's just so the way he is. It's not hypocrisy that we consider a boomer tier meme about Obama to be distasteful while upvoting the same meme shopped to be about Trump. The meme must match the subject
Yes, I do love to make fun of people who gatekeep a joke meme board. Do you also complain that your McD joint doesn't have a Michelin star?
&gt; There is a difference Unless you are claiming that we have managed to conjure petroleum out of thin air, I don't see how there would be a difference.
https://assets.weforum.org/wp-content/uploads/2015/07/150710-US-petroleum-consumption-voxeu-chart.jpg Woo, look at how that demand totally didn't change.
All military services have that system. When you disobey an order, you get court marshalled. At the hearing in the military court, you get to explain why you disobeyed as you did.
The evidence provided is not enough to say that it is genetic either. But that's totally besides the point, because there is nothing to support the notion that being genetic and being a choice is a dichotomy. People don't choose to be autistic, bipolar, depressed etc. Human mental development is complex, and we're still missing many pieces of the puzzle.
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Calcium_carbide When mixed with water, this carbide produces acetylene gas, which combust rapidly when ignited. Apparently it used to be sold in grocery stores because it has many other uses, like lighting.
The Prime Minister of the Republic of Ireland really knows his moves yeah
Towelsuck what? Trump just met the Prime Minister.
Sofa sitters say
Gay Doing math Choose one
Just because he's Catholic doesn't mean he's retarded.
And yet they're telling me they couldn't get supplies to Puerto Rico because of logistics issue
Translation: country does textbook monetary policy
It's just a different perspective. For example, I'm from a country where most people don't drink alcoholic beverage. Here, people view alcohol in absolutes, because of the lack of familiarity and exposure. Either you drink alcohol or you don't. One drop of lite beer is just as bad as a whole bottle of vodka. There's no discussion on BAC, on hard liquor versus light beer, on dosage, on time since last consumption, you go to hell all the same. Similarly, for the general public who have never interacted with hard drugs, their view of it is also absolutes. Either you take it or you don't. It's onlt people who are intimately familiar with those drugs who would think of dosage and blood level.
Helicopters don't bomb drop cargo what the fries are you talking about. Show me one model that has a bomb door.
You're saying Puerto Ricans are savages who couldn't think logically like a normal human. They do speak English you know.
I actually really like the Johor crown Prince for the honesty. All the other royals are all hush hush, they put up a sterile public face, they read the scripts, they say they love and protect the rakyat, but we know they are just as rich as TMJ. But tunku Ismail is like fuck that, I'm rich, bow before me you filthy peasants. It's kinda refreshing you know?
&gt; Obviously companies like visa, MasterCard are international, and i think it's better not to get a huge debt against them, but maybe in China he could dodge them. Those two are payment processors. When you get a credit card, your debt is with the issuing bank not visa or mastercard.
Although even he pales in comparison to Haley Joel Osment
The fact that Esperanto has no prescribed phonotactic rule. To be fair, the study of phonotactic only began more recently, so it makes sense that Zamenhof would prescribe the phonology but not the phonotactic. Regardless, the lack of it means coining new terms is left to the person's native language bias.
Spoken like a devout Muslim. One does not order a "cup" of whiskey, the whiskey is customarily drinken in a shot glass. That's what my kufur friend told me.
His main programs are Binging, where he recreates crazy dishes from TV shows and movies which often end up being inedible and impractical, and Basics where he shows the simplest and easiest way to cook a particular ingredient. So why do you expect his channel to be a masterclass? If you already "know anything about cooking", well good for you, go watch Gordon Ramsey.
There is no risk. A private entity like a bank has to generate cash flow from its assets to cover at least the taxes imposed on that asset. The federal government doesn't. It doesn't have to pay taxes to itself. It doesn't have mortgage payment because it literally bought the asset cash. It cannot get repossessed on its assets. The federal government has been holding millions of acres of empty lands for two hundred years. A few more houses is not even a dent.
&gt;Which could have effects on the currency Right, the effect is an injection of liquidity into the economy. This is called quantitative easing. &gt;then turn out to be worth a lot less than they paid The drop in house price was temporary. As I said, the government can trivially hold a property as long as it wants, up to the point where the housing market bounces back and the real estate can be sold at a profit. A private bank couldn't necessarily do this. That was the point of the bail out.
I read his chapters as if it is a comedy sketch set to the tunes of Yakety Sax. It's only cringy if you take it seriously.
&gt; it just comes from a belief that individuals are entirely responsible for themselves and the government should mostly try to stay small and out of the way of people. It comes from the believe that society should be hierarchical, and that in the post-monarchy world this hierarchy should be based on wealth. Everything else associated with conservatism is either a euphemism of this or is in service to this goal https://youtu.be/E4CI2vk3ugk
Well, I do want it too, but thar's besides the point. The law is the law, you don't get to use the law to oppress people but suddenly say it doesn't apply when the barrel is pointed to your face. Either work to repeal the law, or suffer under its punishment, that's his duty as MP.
Nice moving the goalpost.
That paper explocitly admits that the concepts are completely different, right in the abstract. &gt;here angular velocities are systematically treated as antisymmetric matrices, a symmetric tensor I quite different from the moment of inertia tensor plays a central role As i said, you have to derive an entorely different mechanics theory to describe the rotation.
We have gay marriage, when can we have corporate person marriage too?
That's not specific to any religion. Whenever you slaughter an animal for consumption, whether you are an atheist or a satanist or wiccan, whether you stun the animal or electroshock it, you do still need to slit its carotid artery and hang it upside down to drain the blood. It's just good practice.
r/the_erotic_donald . Come on guys, I've been shilling this sub for months, it's still as dead as Pence's eyes. Maybe direct like just 1% of the creative writing energy y'all put into r/tifu into this one?
The Constitution is just a guideline, it doesn't have any power beyond what the current government is willing to enforce. Congress in particular is somewhat immune to the Constitution, because it can elect and impeach officers of the other two branches at its discretion. If a party has majority in both chambers and has the people's mandate, the SotH can actually hijack the White House and turn the president into a de facto ceremonial position. As i said, it only happened when the president was weak and incompetent, but it has happened.
What about China?
&gt; Not influencers, they just influence people's shopping habits. I'm not a farmer, I just farm carrots and beets.
Okay, so please define "job legitimacy".
That's just selection bias. The only reason we know about morgase's ability was because she's royalty. If she had been a regular girl no Aes Sedai would look at her twice.
Less mechanistic, more like Harry potter spells.
Yg kau nakal tengok video to knape
Sorry, the gay confederation has dankelem the rainbow. All copyright violations will be met with earthquake, taufan, and ending of civilization.
An accident in which nobody died and only a few people injured their legs? As far as energy installation accident goes, that's nothing.
It's actually a wholesome quote about gay relationship.
Those weak nerds are the genuine fascists. The idea of the ubermensch is fantasy, there were never a full battalion of chisel-jawed muscular full-haired dominant Nazis.
https://physics.stackexchange.com/questions/54738/rubber-band-stretched-produces-heat-and-when-released-absorbs-heat-why Rubber band (or any elastic polymer) heats up when stretched, because the stretched polymer has lower entropy.
Look at that exposure
Punching up versus punching down.
That's the way it goes everywhere. If you develop software on company time and on company computer, that software is deemed to belong to the company. If you develop a gadget using company machineries, that gadget belongs to the company. The students developing an idea while on university grounds and using university services (WiFi, library, references, classrooms), that idea is also deemed to belong to the university. My advisor (American uni) warned us that if we had any good original idea, to not make it the final year project, he told us to save it for after graduation. Inventor's spaces differ case by case. Some allow the tenants to retain full rights, others require partial rights to any patent that the tenant file.
That strait is one of the most heavily guarded waterway in the world. It carries a third of all petroleum export. I don't doubt that every ship passing through is surveilled.
Must be members of Proud Boys
Regarding that plot: It's redundant to put a per capita metric versus another per capita metric. Could just simplify it to CO2/GDP. It's a log-log plot, so it visually skews the distribution a bit. In reality the countries at the top right have far higher CO2 emission per $GDP than the countries in the middle.
&gt;are motivated by some of those ideas, but also racism, religion, guns, and general toxic masculinity Right, but these ideas are in service of the hierarchy, not in spite of it. The pyramid is a fractal structure, there are many small communal pyramids that make up the larger societal pyramids. In a small community you may have the pastor at the top, followed by the sheriff, the mayor and the business owners, followed by the male head of households, followed by the women and immigrants. When the people are conditioned to accept this pyramid as normal, they are more likely to accept being a part of the larger pyramid. They are more likely to be okay to be at the bottom of the large pyramid if they are at the top of their small pyramid. Egalitarianism and liberalism threatens this structure because then the straight white Christian male would no longer be a lord of his local pyramid, but rather just a small fish in a large lake. That's scary for them.
&gt; Like you can't confine a charged particle with electromagnetic forces how so?
&gt; cyber involving more active engagement according to who?
Can you list them here?
On the one hand, the doomsday preppers are certifiably crazy. On the other hand, their premise is not totally wrong, and I am certainly gonna do some preparation to survive at most a week of total electricity collapse.
Someone said that it wasn't formulated specifically for intra-human use. I'm not sure if the FDA regulates this kind of stuff.
I don't think you understand what Rowling is of you think this is pulling a Rowling. The TV show does not back-canon into the book, it is its separate canon, derived from, but is not co-contiguous with the source material.
This seems to match the description: http://www.akron.com/20070322/wsl1.asp
This seems to match the description: http://www.akron.com/20070322/wsl1.asp
That article is on a business related magazine, posted to an economics-themed subreddit. At no point should it be considered misleading, but yeah this sub is what it is.
Subsidies and externalities are different, but this article didn't fail to make a distinction. Negative externalities that aren't taxed does equal a subsidy.
The top left thing is filled with iron fillings. The purpose is to prevent current surge to your electronics. The iron fillings act like a magnetic spring that dampens any sudden change in electric current.
&gt; and live the rest of his life with full Secret Service protection. The SS is under the control of whoever is the current president. If the next elected president wants to withdraw the SS coverage from the Trump family, they can.
It's fine now, never mind.
Right, we're talking about vanilla.
Not everybody has an ex from a bad break up. Sometimes couples break up because of life circumstances (moving to a different country for job/education), sometimes couples break up because one of them passed away.
But isn't all card games p2w?
Indian guys always using famous bollywood actors for DP smh.
You mean you can't freely manipulate another sovereign state to your advantage. It's funny that the US cites preserving their sovereignty to not join the ICJ, and the UK cites sovereignty to Brexit, but they never respects another country's attempts at enforcing their sovereignty.
The Maori and Malay people are distant cousins, much to their delight when the Maori battalion served in Malaya during the Emergency. http://teaohou.natlib.govt.nz/journals/teaohou/issue/Mao40TeA/c11.html
The devil didn't ask for any advocate. Let them speak for themselves, don't waste your time repeating their talking points.
That's... torture.
&gt; Where do they learn about accounting or law or economy or theology? From the maesters that reside in every noble house seat. The Citadel is more like a teacher's academy than a university. The bulk of the instructions and study happens in individual house seats, which also have libraries and private artifact collections. Most maesters live outside of the Citadel. Essentially, every house seat acts like a remote branch of the Citadel.
Why is them not being citizens significant here?
Need to be clear what we mean by "temperature". What you are saying is spiking is the &gt;surface temperature&lt;. What we are worried about is the &gt;atmospheric temperature&lt;, measured at a station like the Mauna Kea, which is linked to climate change. Stopping air traffic would increase surface temperature in the daytime, which might have consequence on human comfort, but the net change is actually lower atmospheric temperature in the global scale because water vapor is a greenhouse gas.
&gt; and even if they could they wouldn’t Yeah, unlike the US navy.
GEM is general relativity applied to electromagnetism.
The Arabs might tell you that vowels are unnecessary.
Adding salt does increase the pH of an organic acid solution. It's not neutralisation per se, rather the common ion effect.
It still works. The NaCl gobbles up the free water molecules, leaving less available for the organic acid anion, which pushes the equilibrium towards the left.
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Solvation_shell
Looking at that flag, i thought you are proposing a Taiwan-Malaysia Union.
Y'all getting paid to post these right?
I hereby declare that I am ASKING for one million dollar deposited into my bank account. Anyone want to drug me at a seedy bar and forcefully fulfill my wish?
Why are healing spells limited to just a few classes? Healing is a humanoid right, we want universal healing, accessible and affordable healing spells for everybody.
Yet they say sending supplies and equipment to Puerto Rico was impossible.
This is why there is a dissonance between Western leftists and the South east Asians about "sweatshops". What the white people think as sauna, is just normal everyday condition for the asians.
&gt;PR was a hurricane torn island that has already poor infrastructure, roads were inaccessible And Afghanistan was a war torn land locked country with poor infrastructure, roads had IEDs and jihadists firing rockets and machineguns.
&gt; And in the case of Afghanistan there weren't dozens of fallen trees blocking roadways No trees, only IEDs &gt;Afghanistan isn't covered in trees which prevent helicopter landings Yup no trees, just some jihadists with some heat seeking rockets.
Well, technically it's not a "diet", since it doesn't say anything about what kind of food you eat, it's a meal plan, about when and how you eat your meals.
Clever Cleetus
It's like a video game world. Enemy fighters? Just bomb them out. Trees? Oh no, ABORT ABORT there's no way we could ever pass this road!
In other words, the government is subsidizing the unhealthiest food products in the store. No wonder people are unhealthy.
Yup, it was suggested that drought in Russia contributed to the Arab Spring. The world is interconnected.
These are the people that failed boot camp or got discharged
There is the Johor-Riau Malay, which has existed for like two hundreds of years already, and is still spoken today. Then in the early 1900's, both the Malaya nationalists and the Dutch east indies nationalists developed standardized registers of the JRMalay, that's how we get Bahasa Melayu and Bahasa Indonesia.
Terrorist groups. Stop calling them militias
The stock price multiplied by the number of extant stock units is the company's total valuation. If the value of the company stays the same, but the number of extant units of stock is reduced (due to the buyback), the price has to go up. The fact that you don't understand how stocks work doesn't make it less useful. The stock price is still measuring the value of the company, you just can't do a multiplication.
So he's a younger and more attractive Bernie Sanders?
r/southjohor
Lol, tell that to the white British retirees in Thailand, Singapore, Indonesia.
Remember the Congo war, the biggest armed conflict since the world war 2. Yeah, nobody really knows about it.
If it's a legitimate death camp, the body has a way of shutting itself down.
Because Malaysia is the name of the country, Malaya is the name of the physical place. Malaysia is a federation of the states located on the Malay peninsula and the Borneo Island.
50:50 they'll still remove because one pixel looks threateningly against the rule
Housing can either be a good investment, or affordable, but not both. If housing prices rise faster than inflation, it's a good investment, but not affordable to first time buyer. If housing prices are on par or below inflation, it's bad investment, but affordable to first time buyer.
What is prohibited is charging interest as a percent of the remaining balance. It is acceptable to give a loan with a fixed payback profit (i lend you $100, you pay me back $150 over twelve months). Islamic Banking is still possible even in the modern era.
Well, most anyone older than that died in the epidemic, so there is a sort of ceiling in the gay community.
Wow, it's super obvious now they are couples, but kid me would not have understood that.
You can call it whatever you want, it's a system of credit which limits the liability of the borrower.
That's gonna crash the economy
Yeah, just like a good Christian is supposed to be kind to their neighbour
LoamLob
He's the only one I know that actually does the math though. Usually I click his video to see his calculations, then fast forward through his rantings. 30 minute video, only like 5 minutes I watch.
I think the intention is for these to only power the border infrastructues, not to be your main power source. By separating your grid and making the border defense self-sufficient, if your main base blacks out you don't suddenly get crushed by biters.
Well, no one questioned it because it wasn't really a mystery to begin with.
I haven't watched that show, could you explain why it is associated with the gays?
Banks are the heart and blood of the economy. The doctor don't need to sample every cell in your body, they just take a blood sample to know most of the things they need to know about you.
That's is still "expansion". It's not like we observed a wall that is expanding. What we call "expansion" is the apparent movement of distant galaxies away from each other and us. Whether or not the universe is infinite is irrelevant, this movement is still there and we will need to explain it.
Why are we even using this flimsy mat saleh firework. Meriam buluh is perfectly rain proof.
I did say "distant galaxies". Andromeda is part of what we call the Local Group. https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Local_Group
Probably a patch of grass in some Yankees backyard. They expect the rest of the world to know everything about them.
And you think people in Germany or Denmark are living in Elysium, always happy with no dissatisfaction at all?
Mustard gas, 1915 vintage
The "developed country" is rigourously defined by the UN. You can easily find its definition and the list of developed countries from a Google search.
&gt;He's not ENTIRELY wrong In so far as he accidentally gets one thing correct every day, out of hundreds of things he gets wrong.
It's about the usage of terms like "mineral resource" in certain fields. Underground water, petroleum, natural gas, top soil, peat and bat guano are some of the things that aren't rocks but nevertheless are included when talking about mineral rights legal matter.
So who are the neolib dems supporting this? You got names?
There is a book, it's a very famous book that every Iranian knows, the title is something about kings and names. Could you tell me what this book is.
Christiano Ronaldo, Christian Bale, i mean you can just do a Google search.
Cesar Pelli is a master, the tower looks like it was built yesterday, hasn't aged at all.
What if, there is a huge asteroid coming to destroy earth in year 2080, and through our two hundred years of some polluting we developed advanced enough to repel this asteroid? In the year 2081, would you say the earth will be better or worse with human intervention.
Nobody said they are indestructible. And horizontal wind turbines fail too, you can find lots of videos of that on YouTube.
Nonsense, babushka only drop baby as many times as her infinite wisdom deems it sufficient. There's no such thing as "too many"
You mean unfreezing the funds that belonged to Iranian citizens in the first place?
I heard in USA they have a black market for medicine. People buy pills cheap in Mexico and Canada and smuggle it in.
Illusion+dreamspike could explain it, but how would the aiel and aes sedai that built the city have access to the dreamspike? When graendal first was given it, she remarked about how extremely rare it is even before the breaking.
I didn't ignore it, I'm saying the environmental impact of the American way of life outweighs the environmental impact of the shipping.
What's the point to being soy free? Peanut allergy is far more common than soy allergy. If you're concerned about environmental impact, peanut is grown in the same ecology as soybean, and they use similar cultivation method.
"double 270"
&gt; a nation that once stood as a symbol of what good countries should act like when?
If you watch Avatar, the bloodbending episode, at the final fight scene the old bloodbender nana took control of Sokka and Aang and made them attack each other. That's Putin.
And cooling
I remember a few years back when there's a massive scandal involving a fraternity filled with white boys accused of date rape. Droves and droves of comment on Reddit and on every news site saying how we can't judge all frat boys based on a few that got caught. Meanwhile all minorities in the USA collectively slapped forehead.
It's an animated tv show that features genocide, ethnic cleansing, the horror of war, Zen Buddhism, transgender and political assassination, just to name a few. If you want to call that a kid's show, well, i guess i should be glad that the next generation will be wiser.
The closet is actually a time machine
&gt;over this dumb phone call The president said it's the best phone call, the perfect phone call. Do you say the president was wrong?
So how does that equate to "voting against statehood"?
And Reddit wonders why the UN condemns Israel more than any other country.
What additional information could possibly absolve them of that association?
&gt;but Iranian religious groups are similar Could you give an example of an Iranian group operating mostly in Iran who is similar significantly to isis
Ten hours and nobody's made a breaking bad reference? Fine I'll do it myself &gt; Jesus Mary, she's a mineral!
The 2nd amendment supports assassinating the president, doesn't say anything about lobbing missiles to another country.
That's the best time to shoot a plane, when it's relatively low, slow and its trajectory is predictable. A simple shoulder launched heat seeking rocket can do it. When its at cruising altitude, you need big expensive radar guided missile. When do you suggest then?
"kids" roughly mean anybody half your age. To an 80 year old, 40 years old is young and inexperienced. Justin Trudeau and Barack Obama have been described as "young" by the highest age bracket of the demographic.
Medical imaging and radiology.
A trans woman undergo surgery to add boobs and a snatch, her DNA is still XY.
A quora answer is not a valid source.
Already has this. Jump Street 21 and 22
The rule with Americans is like this: "if it's done in other countries, it's impossible to do in the USA". Saudi Arabia and Israel managed to supply the majority of their water needs using desalination, therefore this is impossible in the USA.
I have no idea what he's even trying to say.
&gt;isn't just (British) English with words borrowed from other languages, but an actual English-based creole. The grammatical rules and sentence structure are quite different from standard varieties of English, being more similar to those of Chinese languages. That makes it a Malay language Creole with Chinese and English loan words. A language is classified based primarily on its grammar and syntax, not its vocabulary. English itself has more French vocab than Germanic, but its distinctly Germanic grammar and syntax puts it as a West Germanic languages with French influences, not the other way around.
What does chipping paint mean?
You can still get a boner from watching porn, in lieau of actually touching a person of sexual interest.
Khutbah jumaat has been constantly about bashing liberalism lately.
&gt;..the latter fits the definition of assassination much better. Which definition are you using? The video game definition? &gt; assassination is normaly the killing of a single individual. Says who?
Arab guy talks about maybe going to a secret gathering at the community center in an SMS to his cousin two weeks before his aunt's birthday =&gt; FBI raid guns drawn no knock at his home Caucasian guy on a public Facebook post saying he'd kill people with his collection of guns =&gt; crickets
Well, not "only" at least.
Liquid oxygen enters the chat
Oh really? I'd argue that slavery was abolished DESPITE the founders' effort to make sure it lasts. I mean, slavery lasted for 200 years, so they must have tried to prolong it.
Is Blackwater/Academi part of the US government? How about Lockheed Martin? Sometimes an organisation can be technically not part of the government, but its operation is so well aligned with the government agenda it is indistinguishable from a government department.
&gt;The House moved to impeach before the Courts ruled on the subpoenas that Trump blocked from testifying Him blocking those subpoena is one of the reason for impeachment.
To be fair, I've only heard tales that you guys are on the liberal side with regards to alcohol
It means don't eat while sitting on the floor. Curry stain is quite difficult to wash out.
The slave labour adds an earthy note.
Could you please elaborate on the criteria that was changed?
I say so. Because Israel has nukes, Iran should have them too. Either both have nukes, or neither, balance ensures peace.
There are like a billion people in East Asia who exclusively use rectangular knives.
/r/fragilewhiteredditor
Mathematically, you best chance is to run in a spiral.
You reject the neoliberal neo-keynesian economic theory, yet you accept the neoliberal neo-keynesian assertion that monetary policy is effective?
&gt;a country needs to have a central bank and sovereign currency It doesn't. You can have a fixed exchange rate or a sovereign currency. Either one is fine, and there's no evidence that one is better than the other, but we do know that trying to have both leads to disaster. The eurozone decided that they prefer a customs and currency union over independent monetary policy.
Ill son, camping no genny trail valor
That video is really reaching for it. Literally all spy characters will get tied up at some point, but apparently it's only sexual if it happens to a woman. Sexist.
The obvious implication is that UK has to invade Germany again after Brexit.
What you said doesn't apply here, you just need to say it anyway because you will never find the opportunity to soapbox on this anywhere else. I suggest you get a dog, they are very good at looking like they are interested in your rant.
If the president orders for New York city to be bombed, they will obey.
Killing this Iranian general is also unlawful.
Same with Hillary Clinton. Her haters like to imply that she was riding her husband's coat tails in her 2008 and 2016 run, but if you know history it was exactly the opposite, Bill was the one that got a boost from Hillary.
Considering that the human population is 7 billion, these numbers should highlight how much of a luxury beef is for the average world citizen. I see Americans here on Reddit saying how unfair it is that the USA is pressured to reduce GHG emissions more than China or India, but if you eat beef more than once a week you are disproportionately contributing to global warming. There are many people in Asia and the middle East who only eat beef twice a year from Eid donations.
It can work on the juries.
Well, if one is not familiar with pron tropes (and the meaning and implication of "twink"), then this picture could be interpreted as a concerned principal looking out for her student. It is wholesome at face value.
There's no such thing
Link me one example of a straight person using top or bottom as a verb.
That's not a lot, considering the country has 110 million people, that's around €720 per capita. Malaysia has GDP of near $1 trillion with only a quarter of Ethiopia's population.
Siuan = swan, because her story arc is an ugly duckling story. Any other name pun?
You have to remember why Compulsion is considered evil. It's because it robs the victim of CHOICE. Choice and self-determination is one of the biggest question of the series, to the point that Rand's confrontation with Shaitan at Shayol Ghul is almost entirely about them. Why people choose to live, to love, why people choose to fight, for what or whom they choose to fight. At several points in the series, the characters remarked about the evilness of Turning, they find it absolutely detestable that Turning compels someone to serve the shadow as opposed to a regular darkfriend who chooses to do so for their own reasons. Blackmail doesn't rob you of choice. If someone threatens to release an embarassing photo or info about you, you can choose to damage your reputation instead of complying to the blackmailer's demand. If someone threatens torture, you can choose to endure the torture. If someone threatens death, you can choose death.
I checked the dictionaries, they give two pronunciations. Koksen and kokswein.
You're saying we need a dome?
Because the original """joke""" is so crass even its derivative stinks.
But we do? By Western standard practice, we cordone off a part of the land as forest preserve, then clear the rest for agriculture. That's the gold standard of sustainability.
Naan desuka
Have they tried marketing it outside the Chinese speaking population? It's not like Malaysians aren't used to watching movies by subtitles, we certainly enjoy Japanese movies and animations, but if your promotion materials are completely in mandarin the Malays and Indians won't even begin to get interested.
Moggy share a trait with semirhage, with most the forsakens really, in that they revel in being a living legend. Moggy was not scared of nynaeve because nynaeve was scared of her. She was scared of Egwene because Egwene was not scared of her (visibly at least).
Personal loyalty is a fantasy thing, it doesn't exist in the real world. Loyalty or oath doesn't put food on your stomach, money does.
Is there an offline dating app? Take a flash drive, put in your dick pic and any other info you feel is relevant, then leave it in the woman's bathroom for a week.
"It's not that he can't run, he's just so fat he can't even stand up from the couch"
&gt;the Paleocene–Eocene Thermal Maximum, a time when both marine and terrestrial ecosystems experienced widespread extinctions[3] I could not verify this claim. The Britannica encyclopedia article you cited doesn't list any citation that I can see. (THIS is why your teacher said not to use an encyclopedia as citation!) I checked wikipedia, it only cited the extinction of specific calcifying microorganisms due to ocean acidification, but otherwise nothing else. https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Paleocene%E2%80%93Eocene_Thermal_Maximum
My advice: don't use cues at all, just straight up say "buddy, i have to continue my work, i want you to return to your cube." Part of not picking up social cue also means people like us are immune to social slights. We appreciate literalness, we tend to operate around factual statements as opposed to emotional statements. Just lay out the facts of the situation.
Explains all of inceldom.
Your badan berisi jalan 5 minit semput don't blame climate la.
Hence, functional adults
Right. So why did the US lead in military but not in other fields? Did Jesus rub myrhh on the Constitution and decreed "this land shall excel in warfare to the end of time" ? No, it was because decisions made by people. The USA could have opted to maintain its lead in financial technology, but it didn't. Just saying "China leapfrogged" is a silly cop out.
Nobody's stopping you
In this context, what does being "gone" mean?
If Bernie gets the nomination, will he retract everything he said about the DNC in 2016?
Such a crass article. People are dying and suffering, and some people just care about numbers and statistics.
Could you give some examples of lifestyle changes that the average Chinese and Indian people can do to reduce their carbon footprint?
My postgrad research is on sustainability metrics, so i can confidently say that industrial activity only contributes around 20-30% of a typical country footprint. The majority of it comes from domestic activity like transportation, air conditioning and lighting.
Abolish the dewan negara. Ban kementerian kewangan from having an investment portfolio. Local election for municipal and district administrator position. My three-point plan for a more democratic Malaysia.
Behold, a product of the American education system
Actually it reads like Sophie said she's "not interested", the rest is just pulled from the authors sphincter. Like, the editor told the journalist we want to hype up a got sequel so ask some actors to say they agree, when the actors refuse the editor say run the story anyway.
Which pressure difference?
They should also make durotar completely herbless to be fair.
That's because you're imagining bedouin civillians wearing their everyday clothes. Try to search for pictures of bedouin warriors from a hundred years ago before they adopt the modern sedentary lifestyle, the Aiel do actually look like them. Like, do you actually think they'd wear robes to battle?
On the other side, Sanders supporters will say the DNC primary is rigged if Sanders lose, but it's legitimate if he wins.
It's a themed birthday party, it's not weird. Some kids are obsessed with the band, so their loving parents throw a band-themed party with a bass shaped cake, karaoke set on the side, rock songs playing in the background. It would be cringy as fuck, everybody would be embarrassed, but twenty years later you look at the pictures and you let out a sigh and a smile: "those were good times"
Imagine if all French people are barred from travelling because there's an outbreak in Romania. China is huge, both geographically and with 1.4 billion people. There are certainly precautions to be taken, but to treat all 1.4 billion people as one group is a very ignorant and unrealistic view of the situation. It becomes "anti-chinese" when people suggest barring chinese from entering one's country not because of risk of contagion, but just because they don't like the chinese.
Gender dysphoria is also a mental illness, officially recognised.
The question still stands, and the answer remains the same: because the president is stupid.
This is text book censorship
Singapore is a tax haven. In terms of economic policy it's not different from KL.
Trink ting ting ting ting
I don't think demons have penis
The struggle to not order another bowl of the hainan noodle: Mien Kampf
What's the difference? Looking at the DSM manual, i found this passage &gt;It is important to note that gender nonconformity is not in itself a mental disorder. The critical element of gender dys- phoria is the presence of clinically significant distress associated with the condition. Implying that it does consider gender dysphoria a mental disorder.
&gt;Another interesting feature, Nymphs and Dryads can apparently reproduce, though I was under the impression they were both exclusively female. We have seen successful attempts of inseminating an ovum with the nucleus of another ovum, but apparently you think female-female reproduction is less believable than dragons, magic and goblin.
Stupid article title, the body is actually talking about a few aging buildings in one section of the city.
You mean the same military that obeyed his illegal order to murder the Iranian general?
It also brought every year from 1930 to 2007.
It sounds reasonable, to fool people into lowering their guard, to allow a little bit of leeway. Then ten years later we will discover that the company that took a billion dollar contact to supply the military with these "smart" mines simply repacked dumb mines in a fancy housing, and by then the mines have already been dropped and it's too "expensive" to clean them up. Same with electronic voting machine, they will tell you it's full of smart features to prevent tampering, that it will be easy to audit, one election later your country has a dictator.
So what specifically happened in 1980?
Somalia ftw
If taking the US president's statements at face value results in this, don't you think it's time to physically drag him out of the white house?
If you start from the coast of California, face West, then sail in a straight line, you would reach Papua New Guinea or Australia. You need to have North West to reach Japan.
Or... it's just an exercise for the students to practise using "he" and "she" in a sentence. There's no right or wrong answer, you just pick an adjective, pick a pronoun that you feel appropriate, and make a sentence: "she is sporty." It's a common exercise in language textbooks.
If you read that page carefully, the definition in question here is only used in the US. It's literally shit Americans say.
Arable land is not a generally meaningful measure, it's quite specific in its definition and application. Arable means land that is currently being used to plant annual crops. It excludes all rainforests, fruit tree farms, nut farms, vineyards, palm tree farms. Those are multiple food categories excluded. A country could be a major agricultural powerhouse yet technically has little arable land, like Malaysia.
&gt;If you haven’t seen results you aren’t eating properly and/or training properly/hard enough. Or body dysmorphia
&gt;The only reason you r not seeing massive overseas emigration I'm sorry? Vancouver and Seattle are practically half hongkongers.
Consider that the most sanitised squeaky clean least-gay gay movie ever, I'm talking about Love, Simon, is considered a bold move in American mainstream media. If you blink you'd miss the single kiss at the end of the movie.
Duolingo is built on the theory that adults can (and some believe should) learn languages like children. Children don't learn the grammar of their first language, they just listen and mimic. Duolingo tries to replicate this experience by presenting words and sentences to you and asking you to recall their meaning. Supposedly, after enough exposure to the language you should be able to produce the grammatically correct sentence purely through muscle memory and instinct. Unfortunately the abysmal quality of the voice recording undermines this effort.
I mean, in the political era that the show is set in, the churn is high. Naird could get fired at any time for no reason.
&gt; Is it cognitive dissonance that liberals are now perfectly happy to protest in huge crowds Do they look happy? Show me a picture of the protest where most of the people there are laughing and smiling. &gt;when two weeks ago they thought conservative protesters were essentially guilty of murder for spreading coronavirus? Risking death to prevent more deaths. (protest to end police brutality) Risking death to promote more deaths. (protest to end pandemic lockdown) One is a calculated risk to decrease total death, you could argue its efficacy but the logic is there. The other is just increasing more death, no question.
A fairly unremarkable opinion on Grindr. I've seen stranger takes.
Totally agreed. The world should also the the same with the USA.
&gt;they must be run by civilians Define "run". You think the chairman should be not cops? Well that civilian chairman wouldn't have any effect, they are not supreme ruler, they still need the support of the majority of the members of the union for most of their decisions. Who elects this civilian chairman? What's stopping them from electing a pro-police civilian chairman?
It's okay to prefer other mods of transportation, the bad part here is denigrating other people for choosing differently than you. It's perfectly possible, and civil, to drive a car and not think bus riders are savages.
She's a cougar?
So what do you think they should have done instead?
A tank round can blast through brick walls.
What about them? Could you clarify?
Damn, you should call up Kenny G's manager, they are making a huge mistake in October this year. They might even hire you because you know so much.
If you want to use the highest estimate of swine flu death, then you'd also need to use the highest estimate of covid19 death for comparison. If you want to use the official confirmed covid19 death, then compare it with the official confirmed swine flu death.
What about China? China didn't make the rules that govern international relations, China is just following the precedent set by USA and its allies.
Well buddy, I suggest you learn about the history of the USA in the 20th century. It's all there, it's up to you to learn it.
So you're gonna ignore the countries that did it and managed to control the spread. Just because some countries executed it poorly doesn't mean the strategy is bad.
&gt;shield many of the outbreak sites from suits if they were following public health guidance. If they followed proper safety measures, there wouldn't be any infection spread from that site. This bill is admitting that either their public health guideline is completely ineffective or the businesses could fake compliance to the guideline.
Grad student research is like high school sport. Sure most of it is crap, but you wouldn't have professional sports without the talents developed in the high school sporting competitions.
You wonder? Britain didn't directly administer India, they delegate most of it to local rulers. You might conclude that the British intended colonial policy was mostly similar between the East Indies and West Indies.
&gt;What in the world is going on...2020 is the weirdest year. It's like someone broke the brake pedal on the crazy bus, so we can only get crazier every year.
Yelp reviewer. They don't really do their job covertly.
Many Islamist groups have tried, they all got crushed by the FBI. I'm convinced that drug gangs are allowed to operate so that urban minority communities are repressed. If the government wanted to wipe out drug gangs, they could.
Allegedly US intelligence agency knew about a month before any doctor in China sounded the alarm about the bizarre pneumonia cases, so the blame should be on the USA
The defining trait of the right, also known as conservatives, is hierarchy. They believe that human society should naturally be organised into layers, like a pyramid. The opposite is this, the left, believes that human society should be a flat pancake, everybody should be on equal grounds. There are authoritarian right, who believes that the pyramid hierarchy should be enforced by law. There are libertarian right who believes that society will naturally organise into pyramid hierarchies if the government stops interfering, because some people are smarter than others, more hardworking, has better ideas etc.
A car loan is a type of collaterized loan, meaning the loan is backed by the value of the asset (the car). Another example is a mortgage, which is backed by the value of the house. This is in contrast with a regular loan like a student loan, which is not backed by any asset, the bank just gave you the money. In a typical collaterized loan, the asset value should always be greater than the loan value. You have a car valued at $50,000 , your loan with the bank stands at $45,000 , if you somehow can't continue paying, like you lose your job or something, the bank can repossess the car, sell it, so that settles the loan. You lose the car, but you don't have to pay anything more to the bank. Upside down, or underwater, is when the asset value is lower than the outstanding loan value. This happens when you severely damage a car, or the housing market crash. What happens is that when you can't make the monthly payment anymore, the bank repossess and sell the asset, but the value of the asset doesn't fully pay off the outstanding loan value, so you are still in debt to the bank (in addition to losing the car or the house). This is a very bad situation.
I draft an email describing my sexual fantasy with my nude pics attached, with my boss as the recipient. Then I leave the email window open with the mouse cursor on the "Send" key, then I smear catnip on the mouse left button.
Is that a problem?
Why would those countries agree to take the loan if they can't pay it back?
Have you ever washed your hand under a tap? Does it make a "bigger mess"
There is no such thing as "calling in a debt". Jesus you say that like it's a friend borrowing beer money from another bro. All formal debts have a set schedule for repayment. In this case, the US treasury note has a maturity date, the bondholder (China) has no right to demand the principal payout before that date. The best they could do is sell the bonds they hold to other investors. That will probably depress the market value of the bonds, but it's not something will crash the economy, it will just prompt big fund managers to shift their portfolio around to meet their institutional target.
&gt;There’s a reason why your region is doing way better than Southwest region. It's not really right to say that when Massachusett, Rhode Island and Conn are top of the chart in cases and deaths by population.
&gt;Especially since most state's "safer at home" orders actually resulted in a reduction of car accidents and non-covid-19 related sickness. According to Reddit, nobody in the US is actually complying with the stay at home order, and also traffic fatality is down.
If you want to see a legitimate second wave, see Iran.
India is a huge country with climates such there being alpine, tropical rainforest, and desert.
Of course they have their agenda? That's what they are voted in for. I don't think you can get elected for any high office with a campaign of "Nuh'un really, just chilling".
How was she dense?
Chef Ramsey in every video: add salt to taste Well yeah no shit.
No it's not. The sanction do cause many issues, but the collapse of agriculture in Venezuela is entirely because of government policy. It's a parallel to the situation in Mao's China when farmers were coerced into being blacksmiths, leading to 30 million dead. The country has more than enough productive land to feed itself, but government policies like forbidding farmers from investing, shutting down the market, and intercepting the supply chain just made it impossible for food to be grown.
&gt; I think it shows good character from her. How she holds herself to a higher standard. It may not be as altruistic as you think. At this point in the story, her primary motivation was to discredit the White tower. She blamed the White tower and all aes sedai for all the dangers and damages suffered by the fielders since bel tine. Demonstrating that she could refrain from lying without the oath is one of many ways she tried to tear down the aes sedai organisation.
And who are those "doubters"? The aes sedais. Her acting an aes sedai raised by the child amyrlin is part of her agenda to tear down the aes sedai. Shit goes deep yo.
And when this trade agreement means China buys less meat from Australia, it's also China BAD.
You seem to be insinuating that the whole of Johor should be like the whole of PP. Are you aware that the total land area of PP is half that of the developed land area of Iskandar?
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Leitmotif
&gt;I studied music And Donald Trump has a degree in economics.
The 99% that is similar encodes the fundamental cellular mechanisms that makes life possible. If course humans and chimps are 99% similar because we both user the same Krebbs cycle and the same digestive system layout and the same nervous system layout. The 1% that is different, between individuals and species, tend to be regulatory genes. How long should this bone grow? How much melanins should this hair follicle produce? How large should this muscle grow? How big should this stomach be? Imagine you look at cake recipes. If you do a semantic comparison, all cake recipes would look largely similar, you mix the dry ingredients, mix the wet ingredient, combine, put into mold, then bake. But what makes cake recipes unique are the exact measurements of the ingredients and cooking time/temp.
Especially considering that those countries have 90% of their land area developed, with only pockets of forest remaining, European wolf extinct. If they really want Brazil to not develop its interior, maybe France in turn should abandon all of its vineyard and stop producing wine, and Germany should abandon all of its barley fields and stop producing beer. Fair is fair right?
You're looking at the GDP per capita in US dollars, which is skewed by exchange rate. Here's adjusted GDP per capita: https://data.worldbank.org/indicator/NY.GDP.PCAP.PP.CD?locations=DE
You mean divided like Europe is divided with its 30 languages? With its many different religious sects? Vastly different histories?
If every country has that division problem, but only the US seems to struggle with forming an effective covid response, then clearly societal division cannot be blamed. Imagine if i say "the US struggles to fight covid 19 because it has blue in its flag". Clearly that's absurd right?
So tell me this, does this department play a role in standardising the SOP of pandemic response in the country? Of coordinating shutdowns, lockdowns and reopening? Of distributing medical equipments and supplies? In the past four months of following the news, i literally see zero mention of the department.
Malaysia has a unique solution to this problem. Create a massive government change and political crisis in the beginning of March, so when the virus arrived in mid-March the prime minister, the ministries and the parliament were too disorganised to politicize the issue so the director general of health, an actual qualified doctor, was able to lead the pandemic response effectively.
Arthas: The infected grain has already been distributed. This whole city must be purged!
So far there's nothing to suggest that the number is maliciously wrong. Contact tracing were performed well, the people mostly obeyed mask and distancing order, quarantine were mostly obeyed.
https://youtu.be/gxAaO2rsdIs This video gives great visualisations of infectious disease spreading. You can see how under certain circumstances the infection can present in waves.
Are you saying... time exists!?
Really? Canada, Australia and Malaysia all have about the same population, see how the other two compare to Canada.
It's called a case study. This Reddit aversion to any study design other than randomised blind study is stupid you know, scientists have a vast array of tools that they use to investigate the wide variety of problems posed in science.
How do you know that?
Where do people get this idea that island countries have it better? It's like you're stuck is the 19th century. 58% of international travel is by air: https://www.statista.com/statistics/305515/international-inbound-tourism-by-mode-of-transport/
&gt; a character informs us of or learns information the reader already bloody knows. Why is that a bad thing. I'm far more annoyed when the character magically knows thing that another character learns half a continent away.
Do you think astronomy doesn't give any information useful to the rest of the population? They can't randomised trial stars and galaxies.
America then: America now: Virus no exist. No wear mask. I die, god's will.
Go read your declaration of independence.
That's not the declaration of independence
So trans people really did hatch from eggs.
But according to this post you also need to multiply the US number by ten
So much for pregnancy being god's gift, or god's plan.
It's called precedent.
That's the moderate interpretation. What I've seen they preach is "don't enjoy this world".
What's your data source?
A lot. The well endowed universities all have low average tuition fee because the high number of scholarships they can give.
By that standard, the US has already declared war when it funded Ukrainian resistance against Russia
Of course you can replicate pattern matching with switch case, but that's about as reductive as saying "AI is just ifs". You can replicate pattern matching with JMP. You can replicate pattern matching with XOR gates.
That's moiraine sedai in the gif.
Heat can curdle soy milk, or any milk really. People don't make tofu with heat because it won't form the smooth pretty block form, but you can do it that way regardless.
I don't see you complaining about all the dubai posts here.
They are so bad with numbers, they doctored their reported cases and death such that it fits perfectly with the pattern of peak and decline that has been observed in its neighbours. Only complete idiots would do that.
Yes. Usually around 11pm, with the bedroom room door locked, and my lube bottle on the desk.
Y'all keep saying China stole your manufacturing, I think it's more likely that those big honking aircraft carriers did it. The government commandeer hundreds of thousands of laborer, skilled and unskilled, to build all the ships, aircrafts and tanks, missiles and bullets and bombs. They must be so happy that you ploebs keep blaming China but never question the huge labor supply controlled by the military producing useless shit.
US intelligence knew about the virus before anyone else, they are to blame for not warning the world.
Once upon a time a "car" is only the chassis, the tires and the engine. You have to buy and install the body kits and seats yourself.
How legit are the soy sauces found in a typical grocery store? Are all of them legit the juice from fermented beans, or maybe some of them are adulterated with food colouring and starch thickener and flavouring? Which brands are legit?
Ivanka Trump was a handbag copier, now she's an advisor to the president.
Right, which is why the criticism that China didn't shutdown when the pneumonia clusters were detected in December is non-sensical. If a country has to shutdown for every suspected infectious disease, that'd be 300 days a year.
I'd argue that we are more religious than cultural. When i began taking a critical look over the Islamic scripture, one thing that stood out was the large portion "islam" that i learnt when i was younger was actually cultural adaptation or inventions.
Or maybe y'all need to read some goddammed books about international relations and geopolitics. You have lived for so long as the super dominant military power, that you forget how countries normally interact with each other. Spoiler: it's not rainbow sprinkles and glitter.
