&gt; Really? What does it say then? Is it just "fruit of the tree"? It's "the fruit of the tree of knowledge of good and evil" -- in my opinion, it's eggs. Serpents you see, sometimes raid birds' nests for eggs. And according to the story, Adam and Eve would have been frugivorous -- never having had to kill even a plant/tree for food. Eating eggs would have been the first time they'd have had to consider whether killing for food was good or evil.
Lispworks.
#include &lt;ctype.h&gt; Functions isalpha() and/or islower() will probably be useful to you.
I guess it's supposed to be funny because it's the opposite of what Uncle Sam would actually say.
Just a silly NPC.
&gt; Should I just suck it up and learn to use LOOP? Yes. &gt; Are there any alternatives y'all like better? Yes. Iterate. &gt; Am I being a whiny crybaby, or do you feel the same way? Both. Yes.
SAXX ftw.
I lurk there and ended up spending a couple hundred dollars on a 50-year old Gillette adjustable. But since then I've saved enough on blades to cancel out the expense. I am super-happy with it.
&gt; Who the hell picks a donkey as their persona? Chelsea Hubbell.
Sink her? Oh dear no! #We love love love her She is solid gold. We on the right are deliriously happy every time she opens her mouth. And imnsho, she's very pretty so I don't understand anyone who criticizes her looks.
[You have already learned to snatch the error code from the trap frame.](http://wiki.c2.com/?YouKnowYouAreaRealProgrammerWhen)
&gt; Missile development takes ages to do unless you spend your countries' entire budget on it (North Korea). Or if somebody sends you planeloads of cash.
Not at all. I just meant that you are ready to take on real projects rather than just practice.
&gt; If it spots an employment gap of even a few weeks or months, it will instantly reject you. As if there were something wrong with enjoying some time off between jobs.
#T = (P / P) * 40
s/probably has/has/
Does SBCL have a treeshaker yet?
Moloch.
I don't think so -- pretty sure I'd have remembered that.
I don't get it.
You need a bip-boop.
&gt; those who voted for him rather than Hillary are regretting their decision Yeah right. &gt; I don’t think he’ll be re-elected. It's pretty much guaranteed that he will.
The proof will be an election about 23 months from now. You'll see.
The word you're looking for is "if" -- and that's not even an issue. He'll be re-elected just as certainly as he was elected in the first place.
The Tao of the humorless humor.
Nobody has ever prospered by betting against Donald Trump.
No. Unless something has changed since I last used it years ago, you can only launch AutoLISP from AutoCAD.
He's not a real scientist because he's an Engineer.
Na und?
Conjugate the verb!
Are you a cactus?
The sound of food crunching ***is*** disgusting to some people.
Those are sleezstack prints
The US is the very definition of first world. The Soviet Union was second world. And any country not supported by either the US or the USSR was third world.
Move somewhere warmer. Ice = bad.
&gt; Lol This is funny because that’s exactly what is causing chaos in our government right now. Reptile people?
true
I remember piss tests in the 80s. I think I had one roughly twenty years ago. And my current company does them but I wasn't given one -- but for all I know, I just haven't had one **yet**. Doesn't matter. They can have me piss in a bottle whenever they want. I'll pass.
Why is she pointing over my shoulder?
That's far more tactful than "hey no judgment or anything but you could knock a buzzard off a shit-wagon with that thing".
As if there were some other way to take out Prince Ali...
"Do my bidding"
&gt; the fact that people see this sort of thing and can still eat animals is haunting We don't eat **dogs**. Cows never do this sort of thing. Nor do oysters.
We have **male** genital mutilation occurring everywhere.
That was the plan all along.
At least you're allowed internet access from your desk. I am too, but it's severely limited. **Severely** limited.
Then I am *so* getting a guard-oyster and a service-cow.
“Extra “
Lassie would have been a much better TV show if Lassie had been a heifer. More believable too.
Seasons of Wither? Draw the line? Adams Apple? Crazy? Eyesight to the Blind?
Thank you!
Agreed. It's 5 times the size of the KKK in 2018.
*was
I voted for both Obama **and** Trump. Obama was a disappointment -- as for Trump, time will tell. But he'll have a hard time topping the planeloads of cash sent to Iran during Obama's administration.
&gt; What more are you waiting to see? - A big beautiful wall - A Unified Korean peninsula - Bring 'em home
&gt; Obama returns seized Iranian cash as a good-faith gesture in securing a multilateral nuclear nonproliferation deal Ransom. But whatever. &gt; that, to date, had been nothing short of a success. It seems you're using some definition of "success" I was previously unaware of: https://www.nbcnews.com/news/us-news/iran-test-fires-ballistic-missile-capable-carrying-warheads-pompeo-says-n942586
&gt; 2 billion is planeloads? [Yeah.](http://www.pagetutor.com/trillion/index.html)
The ransom was literally delivered on two airplanes, packaged as cash Euros on pallets.
You make a well-reasoned, coherent and compelling argument. Most impressive.
&gt; the Koreans are not unified by any stretch of the imagination The question was what I am waiting to see. And I'm waiting to see a unified Korean peninsula -- there would be no reason for me to be waiting for something that had already occurred. &gt; and the wall isn't happening That still remains to be seen. We still have six years left so it's too early to know how this issue will shake out. My bet is on Orange. &gt; cutting and running in Syria. That's an odd way to characterize bringing our troops home. Not our monkey, not our circus. &gt; NO COLLUSION! Well, there wasn't. Just a bunch of sore losers.
It may be a surprise to you, but nearly everything presented to us as "news" is in fact, propaganda. It does not matter what channel you tune in to. It's **all** propaganda. It's actually Soviet tier propaganda and is rather impressive. So impressive in fact, that you're convinced that things I am waiting to see before I'll pass judgment on President Trump are things I'm asserting as true. Yuri Bezmenov underestimated the commie disinformation machine.
Worst. Phish. song. ever.
If true, that violation is now old enough to drink.
Ok
#Ma'amspreading
Explosions.
Go ahead and run. Or skip. You're allowed to have fun. Non illigitimus carborundum.
That's how certain religious zealots hold aloft the severed heads of infidels.
&gt; almost 51-years-old geezer I feel personally attacked.
I'd totally "settle" for a pretty housewife.
honk honk
Valentine's Day.
Well, to be more accurate: a week is a month and an hour a day, when your reaching just pushes it further away. If gay people get a month, then surely we can have a single friggen day. Jeez. Source: basic fairness
Still, he **was** walking with the Queen. Laugh all you like.
&gt; not uncommon for people to be in the back of ambulance after a crash thanking their lucky stars they survived unhurt... I was rear-ended by an 18-wheeler on 06/06/06 and was **severely** burned. When my VW Bus came to a stop I was able to get out of the fire -- I distinctly remember backing away from the mangled wreck and massive fire -- thinking "I can't believe I got out of ***that*** unharmed". But then I realized that the weird stuff that seemed to be sticking to my face and arms was sheets of my own skin coming off.
I achieved being straight on my own.
Getting a court-ordered refund however, indicates that God is on your side after all. Selling rice to China — that was just beginner’s luck.
There is a big difference between a special forces recon mission and a US Embassy being attacked.
My point is that special forces troops signed up for dangerous missions behind enemy lines. US Ambassadors do not sign up for that sort of thing. And it is beyond reprehensible that those who might have rescued those people in Benghazi were given stand-down orders. The two situations are as different as night and salamander. But what difference at this point does it make?
That is a quote from Hillary Clinton.
Because Ted Stevens was totally a green beret.
Coulter's Law is in effect.
Fake news. He read Ken Thompson's paper and concocted a story based on it. Also, you don't sit down at a 3B2 because as far as I remember (I was a 3B2 herder in a past life) no model of 3B2 had a monitor/keyboard. Dumb-terminal only. I am also surprised at the part where an AT&amp;T tech brought source code -- because a source license was hella expensive and if they'd had a source license they'd have had the source already. And frankly they should have already had an ***idtools*** disk too.
&gt; Did people not have terminals to these things? The story does talk about other people using this for other things. It's not like the entire thing was dedicated solely to the survey. By default, a small one like a 3B2/300 supported 2 terminals -- but it was possible to support as many as 17 (one being the console). I think a /1000 could support 32 but I never saw a /1000 in person.
Why would a picture of AOC make us angry? She's both cute and funny.
Don't sweat it, brother. Have you forgotten that you went back and got her number? That's a huge win! Now, regarding the text... In my opinion, text messaging is a good way to work out the logistics of an in-person meeting. And not much more beyond that.
&gt; I believe you are mistaken Hate speech!
You know why.
I am now a jar of jellied parentheses.
You should run for president again, Mr. Cruz.
&gt; There's a phrase, "The leftist cries out in pain as he strikes you." That's a ***paraphrase*** but I won't say the original.
#Bacon it is, then!
Is it not?
Best. Night. Ever. Can’t wait to do it again next year.
He’s a personal trainer
I knew there was a timezone difference, but had no idea it was that large.
replaced
Buried at sea.
My out of my damn mind?
Still kinda cute, but my god were you hot when you first started skydiving! That was what, 24 years ago?
That wasn't a t-bone.
I think there were 6 people who switched parties
They didn’t start antifa. Antifa has been around since the 1930s.
I am not sure either. That’s the number I generally use and don’t remember where I got it.
Guaranteed that she placed herself within arms reach of you at least three times during the evening. Oh sure, it seemed like she was just getting a drink or something but she was there waiting for you to talk to her.
&gt; Are they in the way? Only when sitting with our legs close together.
I’ll allow it.
*microvawed
Clearly they were exposed to disease carried by American ICE agents. There's zero chance that undocumented invaders brought highly contagious diseases with them into our country.
As a burn survivor, I needed that.
Good luck, sir! I admire your courage. Nashvegas can be a lot of fun -- lots of live music if you're into that sort of thing. Once you're truly on your feet, make sure to check out the rest of Tennessee. It's a very nice place to be.
No time machine would have been needed. In 1987, we all thought political correctness was funny. I guess because we didn’t think it was serious. Surely nobody could take such silliness seriously, right? Anyone who did take it seriously would have seen it coming from three decades away.
&gt;&gt; The Common Lisp Conditions system is an absolute pleasure to work with. &gt; Is this similar to Racket's continuations? No. It's something completely different and as far as I know, unique to Common Lisp. [Here's an introduction to the concept from the book "Practical Common Lisp".](http://www.gigamonkeys.com/book/beyond-exception-handling-conditions-and-restarts.html)
Parts of Memphis are reasonably nice. Even much of downtown is quite nice. There *are* some real shitholes though.
Fair enough. I live downtown and don't often venture anywhere else other than Midtown or Germantown. I will say I was shocked the day I went to Orange Mound -- seemed like a movie set for a film set in Detroit or something.
I know that now. I didn't know it at the time.
They'd be cool with it though, if Obama did it.
Translation: ***Trump is breaded, deep-fried, and composed of ground up old women***.
Skinny.
Because when a fish gets tired of a bike, it can get the government to force it to pay the fish money every month.
I'm troubled that she doesn't appreciate rants about Java.
I agree with AOC on this one. MAGA, AOC!
1. Walking barefoot into a bog. 2. Skydiving
Or moonrise
“School project”. Yeah right.
Popular enough to be president.
&gt; “freaked out and did all these color changes,” "Too high" dose? Nah,the dose was just fine. Those eight-legged freaks thought they were at a rave.
Yeah but this one dolphin fell in love with the girl and iirc, committed suicide because he missed her.
Ouch.
People who lose often want to change the rules of the game. In the case of Trump -- he set out to win electoral votes. If the losers of the last election get the rules changed such that the president is elected by popular vote -- he'll win the popular vote and those people will still be losers.
&gt; The electoral college makes no sense Of course it does. We are a union of states and the electoral college ensures that the states elect the president.
It matters for the same reason we have two houses of Congress. The house of representatives is based on population while the senate gives each state an equal number of members. It is the states that elect the president because otherwise -- California, Texas, and New York would elect every President and the rest of the states wouldn't have any meaningful say in it at all.
Brown isn't a real color.
&gt; For one thing, the Electoral College predates Texas (the 28th state, admitted to the union in 1845) &amp; California (the 31st state, admitted to the union in 1850), so the population of Texas &amp; California had nothing to do with the creation of the Electoral College. Go read the Federalist Papers and the Anti-Federalist papers, then come back.
Olives grow on trees. If you see where I'm going with this... Nudge, nudge, wink, wink, say no more.
See Coulter's Law.
I don't think it hurt your dryer -- still washer and dryer safe.
No brakes.
&gt; Only 18 to sign up to become cannon fodder 17 with parental consent.
Maybe. I like to think the Big Bang is a simulation of a nuclear bomb in some other world/dimension.
I am convinced in the reality of Quantum Immortality -- I've paid close attention to each of my deaths, and shit keeps getting weirder and weirder each time.
&gt; When a computer program encounters a bug, it crashes. You'd be amazed at how rare *fatal* bugs are -- most bugs are not fatal. Most bugs are far more subtle and it's common for them to go unnoticed because the things they corrupt get overwritten by something else -- which is sometimes also a bug. Some bugs turn out to be features. Some features turn out to misfeatures. Some misfeatures turn out to be warts, and some warts turn out to be bugs.
&gt; we would find a way to duplicate stuff You mean like a 3D printer? Or The Sims? Or MP3s? Maybe we are in an unsophisticated simulation. Possibly several layers deep.
The trees?
Not possible to create matter. But 3D printing is possibly one step towards arranging atoms to duplicate more sophisticated structures.
&gt; And I'm pretty sure that every author of the Federalist Papers &amp; Anti-Federalist Papers did not intend for the Electoral College... The Federalists and Anti-Federalists were the groups involved in the 12-year debate over the US Constitution. And if you'll take the time to read their papers, you'll better understand the Constitution. Essentially, there was a decade-long argument as to whether the country was to be a union of states (countries) or a single entity. We ended up with a compromise. Senators represent states and Representatives represent the people. The electoral college is a similar compromise. It has always been meant to prevent mob rule (the popular vote) from trampling the influence of the states. And realistically, if you were to subtract the votes of people not entitled to a vote (like illegal immigrants and dead people) you'd find that Trump won the ***actual*** popular vote as well. &gt; But muh russia! Russia, russia, russia... Silliness. Pure silliness.
Or just take your car to AutoZone to get a free diagnostic. Any time.
So what I hear you saying is that we shouldn't make the same mistakes the Native Americans made -- and should do our best to prevent even a single illegal immigrant from coming in. Maybe the Native Americans should have expelled ***all*** of the European invaders! #ok. You've convinced me. Build the wall.
He literally said that when you're famous ***they'll let you*** grab them by the pussy.
Y'all are just making your own mythology up -- it's fascinating to observe.
Again, he didn't say what you're claiming he said. So yeah, mythology. Fascinating.
Crawling through a mile of shit and coming out clean on the other side.
Nice try, Big Brother.
Condoms are not 100% effective -- and condoms with holes are not effective at all.
Not needed yet.
&gt; Condoms with holes literally burst when you put them on. Try this: poke a hole in the tip of a condom and record it literally bursting while you put it on a banana. When I see the non-michael-bay video of it literally bursting, I'll send you $50.
The "fart set" -- hard to explain -- hopefully somebody has audio.
Well to be fair, there are *lots* of men saddled with the responsibility of some other man's biological child.
#Die.
Merely a flesh wound.
I actually had a great time. I don't know what to say other than that.
Username checks out.
Sorry, kid. I've been told that only Black Lives Matter.
Of course I do. Always did.
Then how do you explain the extreme anger directed at anyone who dared to say “of course black lives matter because **all lives matter**“?
Because of the fart noises during Boogie With Me -- do you not remember that he had us making fart noises along with him? -- literally the last 20 minutes of the set. It was tons of fun. I couldn't stop talking about how much fun I'd had at JAB -- so I'm not knocking it at all. It will always be known as the fart set, though.
No. It's completely sincere to say "of course black lives matter because all lives matter" -- because that's what literally everybody except the teensy tiny number of actual racists believe.
No. The simple fact is that there are not very many people who are actually racist. There are some to be sure. But not that many. Oh sure, y'all are trying to drive a wedge between people based on race -- but it isn't working. And before you started, race relations had been getting better for decades.
If nobody believes the ugly one -- try again with a pretty one.
Username checks out.
I think what we men should do is **go ahead and make a decision** -- it gives her something to either accept, or disagree with. It may just be because I'm from an older generation, but I feel like it's being kind to a woman to give her something to work with. I don't think women (generally speaking) like to put the first option out there, to potentially get shot down. Tbh I generally don't much care where we eat or what we have -- I'm just happy when I have someone with whom to share a meal.
&gt; Even the reporters have become desensitized to Trump's mistreatment of women and other important news. Or they don't want to be embarrassed by reporting on obvious bullshit.
"credibly"
Absolutely not.
Only after you've downed a few shots to prepare for sipping.
Those are rookie numbers.
Nicely
&gt; And the hunger in my belly, and the fever in my head will vanish ‘ere my first glimpse of home There really is a Half Moon rising tonight.
&gt; He came through Minneapolis later when he was in 30dB I was there -- went to all the 30dB shows that first run. Related to that, I have a great Jeff story (the way I remember it): 30dB got kinda a cold reception that run. And after the first couple shows, they started introducing the shows -- kinda apologetic -- explaining that the music wasn't going to be what people were expecting based on their other bands. And as the tour went along, you could just see them becoming more and more dispirited. Not that many people were getting into it. And the crowds were rather small. Until this one set at iirc, Summer Camp. I think they played kinda late at that tiny stage beside the barn. Like normal, they drew a smallish crowd. But this time, **everybody** was into it. People knew the words and were singing along. Jeff wept. ----- I'd dearly love a recording if anybody can find one. It was one of my favorite moments ever.
It was one of the songs he loved to play with Yonder.
Was that the year everybody was walking around with "Kanye is a douche" shirts on? Same year Robert Plant came out on stage with Yonder? If so, the previous night we were at Penn's Peak and Yonder gave me 4 tickets for Bonnaroo with the stipulation that we had to be in the front row during their Bonnaroo set. We just barely made it in time -- it was something like 12 hour drive.. And I remember that as one of my favorite shows -- and I don't think I've ever been so hot in my life except for a little run-in I once had with some fire.
Bert?
Short shameful confession: I fucked some cotton candy 20 years ago and this girl is my daughter.
Is you rollin?
Fitting.
...unless you have dreadlocks.
Reevers.
Devtools.
Not even close
Mr Potato Head with a G.I. Joe beard.
*Somebody* has to be first.
Dog sitter.
Nah, it tells which guys to take aim.
They do.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HF_5lPsqvPs
s/AnyoneBut//
/r/Outside is big enough to accommodate both of us. Relax.
I think that saying comes from a time when books came without proper covers — so they all looked essentially the same.
I am willing to meet you if you’re interested in meeting someone who wishes he hadn’t been circumcised.
You're like a human typewriter -- that's as perfect as perfect can be.
They think Trump supporters would be unwilling to enlist now that there's a likelihood of a war with Iran. Of course, many of us Trump supporters have already served in the military -- and many more are in the military right now -- and yet more will enlist in the future. TBH I thought this was on TheDonald until I started reading the comments.
Average IQ is 100.
&gt; and who now brought yall one step closer to all out war. Maybe. Frankly, we should have tangled with Iran in 1979.
Walk in, sing “you can get anything you want from Alice’s Restaurant” and walk out.
&gt; you take it off when you go indoors or else Except when you're part of the pay officer team iirc.
This is the correct answer
If that's important to you, you'll probably have to build your own.
Iran should fly a planeload of cash money -- $1.5billion sounds good -- to us.
Melber, Kentucky.
/r/unpopularopinion
Yes! asa-gao is beautiful and wet -- one of my favorites!
They have brains.
Real shoop.
Remember kids, always carry a hook knife you can reach easily. This should have been a story about how he ruined his risers with a hook knife -- before a glorious reserve ride.
1776
Time traveler confirmed.
bitchute
I'm reminded of the opening sequence to Idiocracy.
The filling mechanism of my Pelikan M800 is amazing. Functionally similar to one of my TWSBIs -- but the Pelikan feels solid where the TWSBI is kinda mickey mouse. And it writes like a dream. IMO, everyone should have at least one higher end Pelikan. My cheapest nice pen -- a Namiki Falcon has the nicest feeling nib I've encountered on a modern pen. And it sings.
Pilot Falcon.
High IQ means fucking nobody.
&gt; Islam, christianity, Judaism are all the same. That's not even in the same galaxy as truth.
Well, that and the fact that Qur'an demands it.
To be fair, that **is** a pretty solid hint.
I'd chant it with you.
Steven Tyler drinks Heineken?
Bacon does come from a magical animal.
I think that word was fare.
Hold my beer.
Go back -- you're going the wrong way!
Stop hitting yourself.
That's how I always do it -- and super-thick bacon fat is deliciously creamy.
Canada should apologize to Iran.
I'm a former BASE jumper (body is now too busted up from a car crash to jump any more) -- and it seems that he expected more horizontal separation than he got. I think he expected to clear the "hump" and when he realized he wasn't going to, he pitched. It's brutal to see shit like that -- but it was a dumbass move on his part.
He was supposed to clear the "hump" and deploy a parachute -- and fly to a much softer landing.
He expected to have more horizontal separation -- if he had had enough, he would have cleared the hump. If he **had** cleared the hump, he probably would have been able to fly all the way to the river. The mistake that kills you was always made before you left the exit point.
Bingo. He was clearly counting on clearing (in freefall) the part he bounced on.
I haven't -- but the fingers on my right hand are all fused such that if they caught on suspension lines I'd be hosed. I have thought about taping them all down but I don't know that I'd be able to handle toggles properly with just a partially mobile thumb and a single partial finger. Also, my landing gear is still pretty fucked up. I would dearly love to get my knees in the breeze, though.
&gt; there’s a horse loose in the hospital still and I need somebody who understands that reference I don't get that reference but I once saw a bird loose in the airport.
Sweet! I will look into that — thank you!
And dicks.
How's that minimum wage increase coming guys?
&gt; What's even the point of a full-time job that doesn't pay enough to live on? I don't know. Last time I made minimum wage it was something like $3.60/hr and I had 12 roommates. Sucked.
&gt; tests are not a reliable measure of students' knowledge And scales are not a reliable measure of weight.
An M800 broad writes a narrower line than an M1000 medium and the M1000 has a bit of flex to it. IMNSO, they're not even comparable.
&gt; Or am I entirely wrong, here? Pretty much but since you're a girl, we'll go along with it.
False.
I have lost most of the use of my right hand and can confirm that it sucks balls.
Pay its father 30 silver coins?
So there are courageous Chinese reporters?
**My** going?
Chicago received 0.0002 vertical football fields of snow last night...
I am not in possession of a going.
I think it means more specifically, that you believe there are no gods.
The way I figure it, once I've given somebody money -- it's none of my business what they choose to do with their money.
I just read the list of toppings on a meat lovers supreme pizza — not a single mention of climate change! Now I can’t eat.
Trump?
It's not so much that they're made of gold -- it's more about who made the gold. Might be more than you want to spend, but the Pilot Falcon is an amazing pen.
I think the Sheaffer is a Statesman
Ain’t no taters at all
He likes you but may have no interest in dating you.
Largest
**My** stupid?
Interesting and certainly unpopular. Well done! &gt; Consider that dullness, avarice, shadiness, instability, stubbornness--all negative qualities can also be measured by looking at one's face. Likewise eagerness, curiosity, trustworthiness, kindness, and all other positive qualities. I think we all generate a mental model about people when we first see them so I can't immediately disagree with you. Of course, sometimes we have to refine our mental models as we learn new information. But that doesn't mean the person hasn't worked very hard to overcome their initial "settings". I suspect that given a large enough data set -- a very accurate and terrifying computer program could be created to predict people's behavior based solely on photographs. Such a program would run afoul of the politically correct people -- and almost certainly already exists.
Clearly you're missing the point -- The correct way to place your toilet paper **IS** paper over roll and you shouldn't have cats or dogs.
That means you're being cheated on.
Find a good relaxed position for your arm and move the paper instead of extending your arm position.
Yes. I will try to find the video that I learned this from.
A vacuum filler Wahl-Eversharp Doric with an adjustable nib! I'd suggest sending that nib to the legendary Greg Minuskin to have it retipped. Beautiful pen -- I used to have one and absolutely loved it.
I'd go with a Pilot Falcon -- my first gold nib was a Namiki Falcon (same thing), and it's still one of my favorites. Always inked.
The M1000 lays down a lot of ink and has a satisfying softness to the nib as well a significant line-width variation.
Where is Brentwood?
Oh dear dot jpg.
&gt; I am basically a child to them No. You're a woman who is offended that men who you consider below you are showing you proof that you're not at the level you think you are.
Because insurance exists.
Someone hitting on you means they consider themselves worthy of you. Take from that what you will.
Communists.
That makes sense, because "beautiful" is more wholesome.
I met a straight man once whose voice sounded absolutely like a woman's voice. And there are plenty of men who sound gay but who aren't.
He literally sounded like a woman -- you know how many women have a kind of musical ring to their voices? He had that. But also that kind of lilt that many women have and the gay lisp sort of mimics.
Maybe 10% of that price.
&gt; Any suggestions? Increase your budget?
I think I’m learning Japanese I think I’m learning Japanese I really think so
You also need a fighting force young enough to be willing to follow stupid orders without giving it much thought. I joined the Army at 17. By the time I was 25 I would have been a problem for Uncle Sam.
A recruiter would probably say that to older people — but most certainly not.
Nobody can eat 50 eggs.
Leuchtturm 1917 has really shitty paper.
The snow people are easily startled. But they'll soon be back, and in greater numbers.
If only you had started with a **red** paperclip, you could have a Montblanc 149 by now.
Your before picture looks way better than your after picture -- looks like you really let yourself go.
&gt; Why does this have to relate to women specifically? Why not? Men tend to have different selection criteria than women have -- so there's nothing wrong with having one that talks about hetero men's perspective.
Or 7 really
They exist. Few and far between, but they do exist.
Yes. Few are loyal. We are in agreement.
#Quarantine China now!
&gt; How about the case in the '70s when he discriminated against black renters in his properties? Welfare recipients. They didn't want welfare recipients. The white welfare recipients who were denied didn't sue.
Are you saying that there were **no** black renters? If you can prove that Trump properties turned away rich black people while allowing white welfare recipients -- you will be able to completely change my mind.
So they did have black renters? I see.
Also I think, about having a favorite color.
Mine too!
I always remember my perfect.
Practice.
Quantum immortality.
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Stoicism
No. I've had two and they both ~~sucked~~ were unsatisfying.
What you have to understand is that reddit is the great frontier of modern marketing. The vast majority of traffic on most subs is little more than guerilla marketing. Keeping that in mind -- it shouldn't be surprising that people here are encouraged to buy cheap pens and ***lots*** of inks. Why? Because the people pulling the puppet strings make so much more money that way. Fact is, the best pens are between $150 and $1000 -- less expensive pens are mostly crap and more expensive pens write no better, though they may appeal to people for different reasons. And most people never use most of the inks they buy (I am so guilty of this). Let the marketing droid downvotes commence...
Maybe. In my youth I successfully evaded ~~several~~ four times. I doubt they have faster cars, or more radio-y radios today than they had then.
He didn't say anything of the sort.
So your impostor syndrome leads you to think IQ tests are bs. Kinda funny when you really think about it.
No.
I think Satan means 'the adversary' and generally refers to some foreign king.
Not certain about this -- but I read somewhere that 'apple' was once a generic term for fruit. Also, I'm convinced that the forbidden fruit was eggs. Picture this: our ancestors' ancestors -- possibly pre-human were fruit eaters. But something happened to the health of the trees and fruit was becoming scarce. Now, up until this point our ancestors' ancestors had lived in peaceful symbiosis with the trees -- eating their fruit and shitting pre-fertilized seed. So the men started ranging further and further away looking for food. Women who had stayed behind, were starving. And they noticed that the snakes seemed to have a food source because the snakes were raiding birds' nests and eating eggs. So they did the same. They climbed the trees and stole bird eggs and ate them. Thus they gained the knowledge of good and evil. Their innocence, lost forever. Thank you for coming to my TED talk.
Obvious sarcasm is obvious.
/r/dontdeadopeninside
For the most part, you're reasonably safe everywhere in the United States. And it's beautiful. Don't let the news spoil your cross country. Have fun!
I for one, am glad he did. When I had my heart attack, Methodist University Hospital was the closest Emergency Room. When I was admitted, they didn't have an available room where I was supposed to go -- and they ended up putting me in the transplant area until my surgery. It was **so** nice. Absolutely the finest hospital room I have ever seen. Because Steve Jobs had donated some insanely large amount of money to the hospital. So that makes twice that Steve Jobs helped me out. He may have been an asshole -- but he wasn't *always* an asshole.
L Donfoluy
Eventually, yes. And though I did not know it at the time -- I got type 2 diabetes.
&gt; Is that why you had to stop? No. I was severely burned in an automobile accident -- and while in the hospital, I was forced to change to a vegetarian diet. &gt; Honestly, what was the appeal in the first place? Eating fruit is the only purely harm-free way to eat. Fruit-bearing plants offer their fruit and you don't have to kill anything at all. It's like being a [level-5 vegan.](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=N_Yaa_LMDcs) It's not the only extreme diet I've done.
I see it now!
It actually **is** semantics -- but in this case, arguing semantics is appropriate.
If that's your first attempt, it's nothing short of amazing.
Potato, potato.
Not possible. &gt; It gets pretty annoying when you drop a flower stick on wet grass and it becomes so slippery that it's practically impossible to use. Solution: never drop it.
None of us mention it to get any kind of response from you or anybody else. We mention it when it adds needed context to a conversation or statement -- and in fact, it's a little annoying when someone says "thank you for your service". It's a job. A weird job but a job nevertheless.
No veteran wants your thanks.
Or to get out of a bad living environment or to get money for college.
**My** fuck trophies will triumph over everybody else's fuck trophies.
Indubitably.
Oh babyyyyyy
Dude gave up way too much information that positively identifies him: color of shirt, locations he was taken to, etc.
Yes. And that's good. But depending on how good pantifa's opsec is, he may have given up too much information anyway.
&gt; society can expect two people with an age gap not to bang if it's a stepparent/ adult stepchild Clearly you haven't visited pornhub.
[**I'd like to introduce you to the idea of a joke.**](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Joke) I'm pretty sure the people in porn are not actually related to each other.
The evil manipulative risky click is a link to wikipedia's page explaining the meaning of the word "joke". &gt; your "joke" wasn't funny. It's probably funny to everybody who isn't a joyless fuck.
ok?
We have different ideas about what hottie means. Oh sure, she's cute but she's also fat and there's no clear indication that she even likes Trump.
That stick looks heavy
Apparently he gave her herpes.
The first I heard of that "rule" was in the 1992 movie, "Malcolm X" -- except in the movie, that was stated as the **perfect age of a wife** at the time of the wedding. Somehow it morphed into the "creepy rule". Go figure.
The minimum age of a US Army soldier is 17. Yet Uncle Sam is far older than 41. Just saying.
Put down the doritos and go outside to play, you out-of-shape fucks! You should be able to run for a bit without anyone training you. Jesus tits!
I joined on my 17th birthday. And because that was such a long time ago I just checked to see if it's still true: Before you visit your local recruiter, be sure you meet the minimum qualifications for serving in the U.S. Armed Forces. Some qualifications are required by all five services: - You must be a U.S. citizen or resident alien. - **You must be at least 17 years old (17-year old applicants require parental consent).** - You must (with very few exceptions) have a high school diploma. - You must pass a physical medical exam.
For a few years I was driving a lot -- and had had several close calls with deer. So one day I decided to put a cowbell on my trailer hitch. The Memphis Cowbell. Anyway, that seemed to solve my deer problem. Didn't make me very popular in campgrounds, though.
I don't know but I have a sense of impending doom. As if a million voices are about to cry out and then be silenced.
You should change your driving very often, then.
Take the keys out of the ignition.
A few months ago I was having a little bit of difficulty breathing -- like basic anxiety. Not bad at all. Also, I really didn't feel like going to work the next morning. So I took an uber to the hospital -- figuring they'd give me some shit about smoking and send me home (but I'd have a good excuse to come in to work late). Yeah, well I was in the early stages of congestive heart failure. Ended up getting a triple-bypass surgery.
Finally! An older woman who is really pretty -- and has some Trump gear on display.
Not impossible.
It is possible to eat only meat.
A pure carnivore diet is rather enjoyable.
How much sugar do you find in salt and pepper?
I won't tell other people what they can or cannot eat. Except of course, BBQ sauce. Nobody is ever allowed to have BBQ sauce again.
Right now I am not. However, back when I was at my most healthy -- I ate a 16 oz ribeye each day. Only seasoned with salt and pepper. One meal a day. Only water to drink. During that time I had no food cravings, hardly experienced hunger, had extreme clarity of thought.
Yeah, when you've cut out everything but meat from your diet -- you just really don't want any of that stuff. Except of course, BBQ sauce. But BBQ sauce is forbidden to all humans.
Na und?
***Pilot Falcon*** has a beautiful nib that writes wonderfully. My first gold nib was a Namiki Falcon (essentially the same pen) and it remains one of my favorites, even though I have many pens generally considered superb. I prefer the medium nib on the Falcon. I have two Falcons (one a Namiki and one a Pilot) and I have a few nib units ranging from EF to B. It is worth noting that this is **not** a flex pen. It has a really nice bounce to it and it's wildly expressive -- but don't expect it to flex. Oh yeah, and it sings!
Sometimes, depending on how fast you write and the roughness of the paper -- it'll emit a tone. Not as high pitched as a squeak. Lower, like a musical note.
The protests ended the pandemic. Also, murder hornets.
That's the best way to learn on the internet -- make a strong statement and read the replies.
Something like this? https://github.com/lisp-mirror/defstar
By my estimate, it would only take about 160 years to use that much ink. Maybe they think you need to stock up for the next pandemic. Or murder hornets.
Wolfram Alpha has no idea.
Remember back in 2012 when the Mayan calendar said the world was going to end? Well, the world **did** end. It's just that none of us are aware that we're living in a bizarro afterlife. Things have gotten progressively worse and worse -- but nobody has really gotten the hint -- until now in 2020. 2020 vision. The big epiphany came when I saw the movie Apocalypto. It's a great movie. You should definitely watch it. In the movie, those who are destined to become human sacrifices are first painted blue. Aha! This is how we defeat murder hornets! Paint them blue! Now clearly, Baystate Blue would be best -- but it's far more expensive than Pelikan Blue. And Pelikan Blue comes in a bottle suitable for filling a super soaker (hint, hint). hope this helps
It's almost as if Hong Kong tried to warn us.
Flavored chemtrails :)
You seem angry. Are you ok?
Need to buy another begins to surface in 3...2...1...
It's supposed to be **hotties** for Trump.
&gt; Bill deBlasio’s daughter Crack whore Barbie?
You make a compelling argument and your eloquence is second to none.
The kinds of strippers who work at every city's ratchet strip club.
And Nazis **would** appreciate the efficiency.
You mean the gay couple? I just can't see either of them growing the scruffy ISIS beard. Besides, they're both far too smart to fall for any fundamentalist mumbo jumbo.
I think my country may be at war with ISIS, in which case joining probably counts as sedition. Providing comfort or support definitely counts. So that's a hard no from me, dawg. And I don't recall ever having been released from the oath I swore to protect the Constitution against all enemies, foreign and domestic. I take that oath very seriously.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NOVVs_Uik6A
12 Angry Men.
I bet those kids would have sucked at Minecraft, though. Spent way too much time in /r/Outside.
Sadly, this is true.
Also because nobody can eat fifty eggs.
Do we all have to see the same therapist?
The looters are getting creative.
Why are you so racist?
You are of course, correct. No-fault divorce is one of the main causes of the unraveling of civilization.
Get that commie bs out of here!
It's a joke.
Of course they were just talking shit. It's not like they were playing the [**knock out game**](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Zvpb9sBcwgk) or anything like that.
Sounds like the pacific northwest.
&gt; Bretton Woods was abandoned in 1971 # [Nixon shock.](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4-cB1Z9qceI)
You're old enough that you were forced to write with your right hand as a child?
It's complicated. Those who display it generally have no such thoughts or beliefs. Rather, they are from the south and like the region they grew up in. But for some people (those who would never display it), it certainly seems pro-slavery.
I feel so bad about the evil spirits devouring his child.
# LPT: don't pay.
&gt; Doesn’t every government have the responsibility to care for its citizens? Absolutely! But for some reason, the bastids refuse to pay my rent, car note, or internet bill.
Care is not limited to healthcare you dumbass.
Ethernopia.
I started school in 1970 and was not allowed to use my left hand even though I was fully ambidextrous. So now I write right-handed and do everything else left-handed.
Oh wow. That’s much later than expected.
Home of Elvis and the ancient Greeks.
Yeah but everybody knows that when you say Paris you’re talking about Paris, Texas.
Wtf I love New Zealand now.
Summertime can get pretty hot here.
The one on the left is a super-cute centaur. /r/confusingperspective
It is the worst picture ever taken of anyone.
&gt; ...racist slave-owning traitors. Democrats. Yes.
Wait. Birds aren't real?
## [Mr Diety.](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Qzf8q9QHfhI&amp;list=PLA0DF4EC9BE551565)
African american list.
European american hats and African american hats.
It's raining. You are supposed to drive slower when it's raining. You were tested on this when you got your first driver license.
It's not safe because it's raining.
Practice.
Yes. That's it.
People, I guess. Github has changed the name of the default branch on repositories from "master" to "main" and I thought it'd be funny if everybody everywhere changed every instance of "master" to "main". My next target is the local university -- they are still handing out Masters degrees.
Aw, really? That seems unexpectedly harsh.
Melania doesn't have a dick.
Was he not a military genius? Our country treated veterans of both sides of that conflict as american veterans (in the case of the officers, many had attended west point together before the war).
We're tearing down those racist architectures.
There's no slave branch in git either.
The word "main" is racist as hell! Maybe we should use the word "trunk" to honor our southern heritage.
&gt; why do people care so much to oppose it? Because it's stupid. It doesn't improve anything for anybody. And because it comes from a place of false moral superiority. Oh, and did I mention that it's stupid?
I choose "trunk".
Poor marksmanship skills.
But he'd have easily beat her into a coma.
The inscription doesn't say anything good about the man except that he was a military genius. Until reading your comment I didn't know anything about him other than what I'd learned from Forrest Gump.
The word "robot" **LITERALLY** means **slave**. And robots are computers. &gt; The computer isn't sad. Even though we're taking away its humanity and rights.
"Russians are the black people of white people" -Yuri Kouznetsov
It's grey and it's upside down.
Montblanc 149.
Back when it was filmed, those cars were just a few years old.
Main-peace
&gt; being white doesn't equate instant hiring or easy to find a job Or easy anything for that matter.
Maybe not *every* night for me -- but it's pretty common, for sure.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uj0mtxXEGE8
Sometimes you feel like a nut. Sometimes you don't.
&gt; Is it really that offensive? Not at all. Carry on with your bad self.
The trick is to shoot younger animals. The meat of a young squirrel is quite tender.
The C work that is done at my company is in support of very old software components that are still in use. Maintenance programming for the most part. Nothing new has been done in C for at well more than a decade.
I meant at my company. Nothing new has been done in C at my company -- for at well more than a decade.
Funny how it’s always the same shoes, though.
That is an amazing transformation!
Suit yourself.
How much experience do you have as a perv?
#Funny how it’s always the same shoes, though.
I've been hearing "201 poplar" ever since I moved here -- vaguely understood that it meant something bad -- and now I finally understand that that is Memphis slang for "jail".
All women named Rebecca are suspect.
I just browsed homes for sale on zillow -- I saw a few that look nice but have bars on the windows. Does that mean that robberies are common? Does it mean anything?
From the outset, he was resisting. All he had to do was to be cooperative and the cops would have sent him on his merry way.
&gt; Why has he not become a martyr for the movement? Because he was resisting.
&gt; There was a guy who would often come to my friend’s ER for Barbie head removals. He had several barbies he kept in his jacket, held in place by loopholes he had sewn in. They always knew how many heads to look for by how many heads were missing from the Barbies in his coat.
With all the **legit** police brutality -- we're here discussing a young man who, when ordered by police to stop, told them what he was going to do instead of comply with their orders. Then not just resisted, but fully fought until they resorted to the equivalent of tranquilizer darts. Most cops are shit people and they overstep all the fucking time. But this kid right here was resisting -- and when you are noncompliant and resist arrest, you're kinda begging for an ass kicking.
&gt; If this isn't police brutality, I don't know what is. It's what happens when a person resists arrest so completely that he never stops fighting. &gt; He wasn't running, he was still going about his business. But when told to stop, he refused. When they approached him to detain him, he fought back. And he kept fighting. Long past the time that there was absolutely no hope of breaking free -- he just. kept. fighting. It's really very simple: don't resist. When the police tell you to stop, stop immediately. When police attempt to detain you, let them do it. When they give you commands, comply with them. The time to fight is in the courtroom -- with a vicious lawyer at your side.
#CANCEL Wizard of Oz!!! Cancel everything. Cancel it now. No justice, no peace.
The caller's voice sounded black.
They can stop you to ask questions. If you refuse to be stopped they can detain you. And if you resist even that, you have committed a crime. It is so simple: comply with police orders. That’s all.
It is possible to get watermelon that is flavorless and truly sucks. However, good watermelon is really good. Take my upvote.
We are going to cancel everything.
National parks are racist.
Your well-reasoned argument is racist because everything is racist.
Far more likely.
My looking well?
Everybody with skittles should be shot. No exceptions. Except Alyson Hannigan.
To say he was killed for carrying a bag of skittles **is** funny -- but that's not what got him killed. It was an overzealous community watch guy who had a gun. And when Treyvon kicked his ass, overzealous community watch guy shot him. Treyvon got shot. Treyvon had skittles. There is no causal relationship between those two facts.
So Reddit is American?
Well, yeah. We do get confused. But we can also figure things out.
&gt; Not really, only 8 percent of Internet users are from North America. Yet they're responsible for 50% of the shitposts.
Horny me exists only in the distant past. Regular me has existed my whole life.
Brazil toes.
What is a kahoot?
**Anything** to prevent them from being exposed to other men.
I thought we had essentially gotten rid of this decades ago. Haven't we all been using Ms. since the Carter administration unless the woman herself decided she wanted us to use Mrs. instead?
I've never heard such a thing. I'm not making fun of you or anything -- but I'm imagining having to know name, gender, and marital status of certain people before I could properly address them. I think I'd just keep my mouth shut.
That is beyond insulting!!! ##Rabbis are **VERY** smart! I have never heard somebody use the r word to call someone stupid. Sounds completely made up. Fake news.
Racist.
Why do you care if I say somethings retired?
So your brain was working more slowly than normal?
I understand.
#The evening news.
It is a modern Greek tragedy. Everybody loves a bloody trainwreck.
&gt; And Carole Baskin isn't much better either Don't you mean "that bitch Carole Baskin"?
That should be a statement. Not a question. Have some confidence.
Because my dad didn't build youtube...
Although something should be in place to limit the aggressiveness of the panhandlers. I am very generous, having been homeless myself. There are times though, when panhandlers aren't. asking -- they're demanding -- and sometimes it borders on frightning.
2001
Good job! You're super pretty.
Dude! You're one handsome mf!
There are lots of human bodies I absolutely could not bear seeing naked, so I'm out. Good luck and welcome to Memphis!
Hey, once you get your field journal -- you may be interested to find that a Nanami Seven Seas journal fits in it. The Lochby refills are pretty skinny so they end up being rather expensive. So the Nanami paper as a refill ends up being pretty attractive. If only the Lochby people would produce refills with 8mm lines... ::sigh::
Jesus tits.
Nanami is tomoe River paper
#Maybe because we did it to them in the 1980s. Funny you should mention 9/11 too, because the group who did 9/11 are some of the people we paid to kill Russians in the 80s.
&gt; is it still the 80s? In Portland, yes.
https://youtu.be/xRKq3kdzYrQ?t=90
**Literally** ***everything*** **he did** -- starting with refusing to stop when told to stop. **He fought with them literally from the first physical contact** until he was fatally drugged.
I heard that one of the partners drinks a lot doesn't like people from East Memphis.
It's hit or miss. Was reliable af before the whole covid thing. Now I sometimes get stuck for long periods of time.
That's an argument for changing the types of monuments artists should build in the future. Because we should definitely limit the art that artists are allowed to create.
Canceled.
It's impossible to know.
