I would like to know more about these "taint team[s]". Are they a third-party, theoretically impartial team, or a "trusted" dept of the judicial system, or what?
*furiously gargling blue pills* dude that's the real game for me. I join crews if I want to make money; I sail solo if I want to have fun.
I was in a crew t'other day and our skipper would persist *all evening* in calling the ghosties "pirate ships". Like... you get that there is zero useful information in that terminology, yeah?
Well, no. They're just wetting their hand. But it seems *just enough* like that's what they're doing (note the way Arthur will kind of "flinch" when they do it sometimes) to get some titillation points without upsetting *fucking Karen*.
That would be valid *if* the word "Beta" still meant the same thing it did a decade or two ago. This is a demo at worst, a server stress-test at best. Money's on nothing significant changing upon rollout.
It's great for *any* melee class. Every single day they're going to find themselves in a situation where they don't need to move very far to hit something. To give it at least a modicum of risk/reward, I would say it drops movement to half for their *next* turn (or even, 1d4-1 turns if I wanted to be a prink). Never know if, in 6 seconds, you're *really gonna need* those 15 feet of distance.
I think it's more likely that people are actively seeking out the males, right? Like the killings they're talking about are hunters, who traditionally let females of most species alone.
Because if you have any respect whatsoever for the "sport", you don't kill females, either because it's illegal, or just due to your own ethics. That's not something I'm here to debate, that's just a fact of hunting.
Oh right, it's a Copilot thing?
Well she, kinda sorta, *got* her powers from the Mind stone. Which made more sense with the mind-tricks in her first appearance, but like... who knows anymore.
Ohhh shit, *that* Ms. Marvel! I completely forgot about that aspect! Shit, we're fast approaching the timeline where it's feasible that Mystique and Rogue do actually show up in an after-credits stinger, perhaps as an excuse to nerf her in a couple movies' time when her power creep is out of control!
Seriously if I have to watch two titans reduced to punching each other in the face again, I will probably continue to be entertained by that while forgetting that I hoped it would be something more interesting and clever this time.
It's a public, competitive, high-energy performance. For, like, most people statistically, that's pretty much the same level of pressure.
I've seen this game played where there's a task (like bounce a ball into a cup) across the room, but it just looks like a simple relay race to me here, based on how quickly people are coming back.
Without a hyphen I'm not sure whether you're down with these friends or not.
&gt;Anti-vaxxer, too. I am Jack's complete lack of surprise.
&gt;"I don't think it works that way". Well, he wouldn't. It was mapped on a globe shape, and he apparently doesn't believe that exists. Honestly he's not moving the goalposts - he flat refuses to acknowledge they stand upright. There's no way to complete a challenge if he won't accept fundamental universal truths required to attempt it.
For the record, FE believers would tell you any curvature you *can* see is introduced by the distortion of the plane window. There is no winning with them.
That was a *rather large* dungeon, though. They were effectively taking a few hours in an old market square in the abandoned part of a medium sized city, that the squatters didn't know they'd entered. It's not unheard of, no, but it's pretty situational. Your average D&amp;D dungeon probably isn't quite so vast.
I don't know how to spoiler tag via mobile so I'll be vague: there is evidence to support that.
The first shot we see after the old lady reveal is her smirking. It's like the trailer was specifically edited to respond to the first one's main criticisms.
Just so you know, "The Cheese Is Old And Mouldy Where Is The Bathroom?" in Spanish is a gag from the movie *Encino Man*, where a neanderthal (yes I know he isn't, don't @ me) is adopted by Sam Gamgee and Pauly "The Weasel" Shore.
But if you had any concept of the type of names/words that *are* derived from the native languages, you'd probably pick immediately that Arnhem ain't among 'em.
More importantly, the story doesn't really have anything to do with the image, as far as the reason it hit the front page of Reddit. Y'all just... really like yer cultural juxtaposition 'round these parts.
You see it's funny because he's covered in white paint.
Would you say it's more mechanically, or narratively focused, rules-wise?
At this point, who knows. Impression I've gotten is they've changed their initial plan pretty drastically since it first came up, so it's all speculation anyway.
I can tell you most of the issues you've listed here have been fixed for RDR2, as far as the UX goes. Online is definitely a garbage fire waiting to happen, though, but the single-player experience continues to be well worth the price of admission. I think I'm already done with the multiplayer however, unless things change pretty drastically.
See also: Sea of Thieves, No Man's Sky.
&gt; The game has no auto kick for AFK Then why do I get a message saying I'll be kicked in 15 minutes every time I go out for a cig?
And yet if you want someone else to do your social media-ing for you, say because you run a business, you still have to pay that guy.
Yeah that permanent upload thing was the denouement. They were live-synched exactly as ol' mate was describing for the majority of the episode.
Then she should know there ain't no frying pan in Arthur's arsenal! Tell her to stick her hand in the fire like a pro!
Fucking Brayden or Kayden or Anna or whatever his name was, sprinting across the road at the Big O, probably a bee's dick away from getting dogpiled. Didn't even think of the potential "overwatch" aspect. Bet he was pulling his phone out of his pocket at the same time, just to really make the bodyguards nervous.
I assume those are actually candles? Because if so, that's fantastic! Think I might have to be inspired by this.
If it meant I probably die of starvation in a few days time, yeah I suppose so.
Right!? I was kinda on her side right up until "Spiritual Healer", but that's exactly where the entertainment value skyrocketed exponentially! NOTHING ABOUT HER EXPLANATION IMPROVED THE CORE CONCEPT! *So* amazing.
Cheers. I just assumed I'd have to wait til I got sent to Armadillo, cuz I've spent some time in those mountains and figured I'd have seen berries if they were up there by now. I'll keep looking.
Right? I decided to promise myself I'd only rustle from farms run by genuine criminals. Unfortunately, the one and only working ranch I've encountered where the guy earned his bullet (one of Calloway's old crew)? Pigs. That's all.
They've since proved it to the mods. This was just someone being supremely awkward about their own work. Not Bullshit confirmed.
They did, it was [this](https://imgur.com/a/589rIBb).
I think they know that, given that's almost verbatim what Rachel says. The superfluous hashtag at the end was pretty confusing, though.
Good luck! Weird thing to "guarantee" though, given how little information we have on how it will work.
Yup. She's not exactly "buff", though, so I'm not sure why she was brought up.
See also: the Flossing scene. They'll be lucky if that's still "relevant" by the time the movie comes out, let alone in a decade.
The light.
There's a shard of sunlight coming through a window, clean across the cameraman's shoulder. It's the same beam leaving the shape of light on the wall behind her. Agreed, it's a very crisp shadow - but I don't see any obvious evidence of photoshop (excluding the 23 heart, obviously). I think this is fair. At worst, I'd say the 29 candle is intentionally turned to leave the shadow on her chest.
Something like [this](https://i.imgur.com/kr2KsU1.jpg)]?
I feel like it should take a little while before the amount of confusion they had to seeing him would make sense. Like, that seems to be a, "confirmed kill" level of disbelief.
Oof. Oh man. I am *so* hoping the introduction of the foX-Men corner of the Disney/Marvel Extended Universe happens as a surprise reveal *during* an upcoming movie (I will accept also an after-credits stinger, just as long as it isn't in a trailer). If it does happen. It surely will. Right?
Russos: "Also, it [definitely isn't 'Endgame'](https://i.kym-cdn.com/photos/images/newsfeed/000/849/418/b27.gif)."
Yeah, at that point it ain't "misdirection", it's lying. I mean, at the end of the day it doesn't *matter* at all, it's just kind of a funny thing to feel the need to lie about.
Oh thank fuck, I was beginning to think I was imagining the part at the end of the movie where he reveals *that's exactly what he'd been doing*.
Plus there was only a few of them out there a moment ago. How many is there now?
I kept furiously trying to swing your eyes to the left to see what was happening - the wheel can only turn so far so that part was up to fate, there's nothing more you can do by watching the sand - I really wanted to know how the Skelewags were getting on! So yeah, I'd appreciate that.
Is it, though?
Why is that more likely?
Ok without getting into it too much, Elves and Men are both "Children of Iluvitar". Dwarves are not. I will not be expanding on this any further. Promise.
Actually, the caster is saying suggestions it was caused by "rage-infected monkeys is absolute bull-[click]". But yeah, that's the reference.
Yeah I thought I remembered Edgar Wright was soft-banned from this sub, especially for "details" such as this that are, in a manner of speaking, wrong (it's just one of many red herrings throughout the movie).
It says just the opposite, in fact.
"Easter Egg", at best.
It's pretty common for Zed-word media not to ever call them zombies, though. Assumedly in tribute to the original, sure, but a lot of them rely on the characters not having any assumed knowledge of zombie lore in pop culture. *Sean* is one of few movies where the protagonist is any kind of genre-savvy.
I honestly spent a solid minute trying to work out what new hip sub-millenial bullshit initialism "ywt" was supposed to be before it occurred to me it was probably just a typo. Fuck me I'm so old.
Honestly, I just couldn't remember what we were supposed to be calling them these days. Seemed funnier my way, anyway.
Truth be told I'm actually a millenial myself. It's just a fun term to throw around in the current zeitgeist.
Yeah umm and also you both seem to be skipping the part where there's a curs'd pact with an unknowable entity from beyond mortal ken on the table. Any wizard worth his sulfur knows what an awful idea that is.
It doesn't make sense for most classes to gain a level and new skills out of nowhere. It's your collaborative job as the player and the DM in concert to come up with fun reasons for that to happen, if you even want to address it. &gt;It doesn't make great sense for a pc to suddenly contact a patron out of nowhere to gain a level in warlock. I mean, that's pretty much the textbook definition of a warlock, so we'll agree to disagree on that :p
Of course, lest there be no dual-class wizlocks at all! It's a fair counter to the initial assertion that *every* wizard would "cheat", though. What I'm saying, is that wizards would be *less* likely than anyone else, due to their existing knowledge.
That's sort of her thing, though - she finds the worst things in the world, and quietly, wholesomely enjoys them. Then brings that quiet, wholesome joy to us.
Why is a sudden fel pact the stumbling block then? It would ostensibly seem to be the easiest and quickest (if maybe most "boring", in a particular way) of them all. Person desires power, isn't willing or doesn't have time to earn it, beseeches various deities et al. in myriad perfectly canonical ways. Shit, that's actually the ideal scenario for you as the DM - Warlock pacts are supposed to come at a cost. Your player is basically *asking you to tie them to a railroad*.
A lot of the worst torture-porn execution methods we read about probably were. It's naught but Ye Olde Arr Nosleep.
Oof, I... wouldn't. (For the record I think he's hilarious, but he does indeed do a lot of exactly the type of jokes people are getting in trouble over. If you don't have the context of having followed him for a while, [it's a bit...](https://youtu.be/lciHPcOnxIo?t=29))
It was actually a reference to an old /r/showerthought if I recall correctly. It wasn't even a Ken Bone Original!
&gt; He isn't really funny to begin with Whether I agree with you or not, that's a very subjective thing. The dude is fucking *killing it* in every tour he does. Chappelle has a whole bit about how good Hart is and how jealous he is of Hart's success. I don't get it, but I ain't several million people all around the world.
Mm. Importance.
If it means the porn is more pleasing to watch... what the problem is?
&gt; projectile penis PREHENSILE! O, my Pelor, that's a whole other thing you're talking about there!
&gt; That's more excuse to RP, too. Which is almost entirely the point of Backgrounds, and in fact - &gt; he spent years reading books and though he might not remember everything, he would know where to find something of necessary. \- is basically *exactly* what the Sage background (which the character in question has) is supposed to do for you. The player is metagaming. Rein their shit in.
Then they've failed to appeal to the zeitgeist and draw the audience they're going for, and it's not a problem.
OK, so they failed to capture the audience they're aiming for then. What the problem is?
Eh, 5 hours is probably a stretch, but the last time I gave it a shot, I sat motionless feeling like shit for maybe an hour while the roomful of "pros" chatted. I then wobbled down the hallway, bouncing off walls, barfed, then sat on the toilet for maybe another half hour hoping it would go away soon. It's not exactly how *I* would describe it, but I can see how someone could interpret that as "tired and drunk".
It's a cool word!
I've tried a few times, via various methods. Let it never be said I didn't give reefer a chance. Edibles treated me pretty well, but anything else and it really wasn't a pleasant experience - headspins make me anxious as all getout, and as far as I've been told that's the intended goal, so yeah nah. I don't hold no beef with anyone who can handle it responsibly, though. I certainly have my own vices, but the devil's lettuce isn't back on my bucket list just yet.
I was the same for a long time. Frankly I think our way is better.
The opposite of what it means in pretty much any other context, apparently.
... what was the thing that fell in the ocean, then?
And that's what the real question is. Scam? No. Risky? Well, that's why Kickstarter goes out of its way to remind you it's not a store, it's not an investment, it's effectively a donation. You might not see results. That's simply too bad, be more discerning in future. As for the current monetization practises, they use a lot of the same language. No one signed a contract over here - we're all just hoping for the best.
So... Should I watch *Paradox*?
Oh wow, she's like a blonde, cartoon version of Emily Blunt. I'll take it.
I have never heard of a "Kona", what country/language are these? The most common English dog names are, like, Bella, Buddy and Max.
*Underage* orgy. Let's not bury the lede, here.
[This version](https://i.redd.it/evxgsynb0vv01.jpg) makes it more clear.
That would do it, actually. Hyponatremia is pretty bad for you.
At least most of those are visually or functionally interesting in their own ways. That concept has only recently (as far as I've noticed) started actively shifting toward the practical, with things like fucking *porgs*. Swear to Midichloria, I can practically hear the marketing honcho say, "Eh... Ewoks were a little tough to construct. What if they were almost literally just brown sacks with huge eyes painted on them?" Fuck I hate porgs.
Wow. That is... spectacular. Here I thought the "Bacterium tree in a petrie dish" was going to win my Official Nativity Nonconformity Award this year. I'm happy to be corrected in such a fashion!
The "point" at the top of the image would be at the the front below your eyeline when the faceplate is down/closed.
If I realise I'm going to be late to something, my usual tactic is to just chill the fuck out. Already gonna be late, no point in being late *and* hungry. Might as well watch a cartoon and make the write-up worth everyone's time.
Worth noting, the police are under no obligation to reimburse you if you give them suspected falsies (in Australia). So, if the bank is gonna do you right like that, make sure you take it there instead.
Don't worry, they're wrong on that one. Short version, Perception if you can see/hear/smell it from where you're standing. Investigation if you're sticking your hand in it.
Also 25.000 makes no sense in D&amp;D *because* of the existence of electrum, silver and copper, and the inconsistent conversion values between.
&gt;Atlas just looks like Ark with big ridiculous ships in it Wait what that sounds amazing
It's not the very presence of porgs that offends me, its their terrible, lazy, marketably-specific design. Everything about them screams "cheap to mass-produce".
Well, I can see by a 30 second trailer that's not true at all, but even if it was I'd still be interested. Basically if it was an ARK expac that introduced compelling ocean voyages I'd be down, because ARK is phenomenal and sailing is fun.
Well, as long as the science backs that theory up, I guess we're golden.
Ay yo for reals though thank you so much. I fuck up nearly every encounter in new and exciting ways (like, just *forgetting* a Shadow can Hide), but your articles provide so much rad inspiration for setting up scenes and how my players *approach* an encounter. Love your work, keep it up!
No, and some monsters are grouped into "category" articles. Basically, either just browse, or search a specific creature. Think of it more like a blog than a database.
Assets and game design are different things (plus I see plenty of new assets, so I wouldn't begrudge them reusing a few, every company does). I know they as a company have their problems, but Ark has some really amazing concepts, delivered pretty darn well for a smaller team. It's rough as guts, sure, and they probably could have fixed that by now, but that's all peripheral to what a pirate game featuring giant fantasy monsters sounds like it could potentially deliver. That's really all I'm commenting on.
Theoretically they're all wearing steelcaps (or at least confirmed the kid was beforehand), but still that could have been a broken ankle or somethin'. There are better, less potentially hazardous pranks out there.
Unless he decided to use the arch of his foot to kick, or broke his ankle, or fell on it, or...
&gt; Steel toe boots are compulsory like hard hats In some countries, sure. Spent much time on a construction site, though? Those cats sure do like ignoring health and safety regulations, I tell you hwat.
Oh my, no.
They've also all been defeated. Why would they need to be "addressed" any further?
He lost his show, he was a washed up alcoholic crack-head when he *got* the gig, I can't imagine anyone's rushing to cast him in anything else anytime soon. [Smash-cut to RDJ smirking]
That's probably exactly why the walls have a reduced timer in Yetiball.
Right? I mean come on, they live in "Australia", wherever the heck that's supposed to be.
&gt; Even as fresh born dragons they can speak and are intelligent. Eh what? I thought they didn't gain languages until "Young"? Bugger me, that's gonna screw up my party's first mini-boss fight.
Can a cigarette ignite oily paper towel? Because there's often a fair amount of that at a petrol station as well. I've 100% encountered flaming trash receptacles from improperly squelched cigs thrown in bins before, too. Really, there's a lot of good reasons to keep your cigarettes off the premises.
Good feedback, cheers.
The source is down, and has been for a while, shortly after Wubby's response video. It's uncertain whether it was taken down voluntarily.
Huh, could be, but that was a big part of the discussion at the time. Could be *back* up, I don't actually care enough to find it again. Reddit be weird, yo.
Which is what r/nothingeverhappens covers.
Just about every result players are hoping for, which in previous editions fell under "Called Shot", is asking for a Spell or Feat or otherwise special ability effect. It makes it an incredibly hard thing to balance, when you look at it like that.
It's basically exactly how it's explained in the book, so you're doing well!
"The North Pole" doesn't refer to the matter (earth or water though it may be) in question either. OP isn't really on top of this thing at all.
"Pfft you should be paying *me* for the privilege of doing me this favour, that I asked for", isn't what I'd refer to as 'blunt'. There's a different '-unt' word I have in mind, though.
Hulk got one, I heard reasonably good things.
I mean, it's a quick, easy source of cash if you're desperate and shortsighted. But I've heard enough tales from homeless people to know it's a blessing to have a working phone when you don't have anything else.
I think their username should clear up any further questions you have.
What the heck kind of design is it that you think it might be loading your dice?
Hoo boy strap in, this comment section is exactly what you think it is.
Get your New Year's drinks started early?
The rendered one. Which is hilarious to think someone designed a shirt like *that* for a man, as opposed to the cosplayer who likely alterated a more normal one. More likely though, the artist who designed the character just forgot that was a thing.
What? Nah, man. He was getting paid regardless. Composing little original tunes and humming them during scenes meant he was getting musician credits *as well*.
Especially in 3.5, shit! They literally did nothing else.
They're mechanically identical to a Focus, and should be treated as such. They're a flavour item, 100%.
It says "bourbon" right there on the box, my man!
"All expense paid trip to relax in paradise for almost a week!" "Ehhhh... I dunno, I'll probably sleepy..." Fuckin'... K.
They darkened the water like that *explicitly* so that they wouldn't have to model it yet.
Honest question, what is the etiquette on that? I was at the gym a little while back, and a dude was doing dumbbell presses right next to me. He asked another rando to spot him for a set (which I didn't feel rejected over, nuh-uh, not at all), then did another couple on his own. He definitely struggled towards the end, but I really wasn't sure if that was my cue to butt in. He evidently wasn't too shy to ask if he *wanted* help, but did he need it?
Hard disagree, I guess. The game was exactly as promised at day 1, which is to say there was less content than people thought (largely based on a frankly ridiculous amount of wild speculation among the community) and certainly less than a majority of people wanted, but that was poor marketing on Microsoft's part, who for some reason treated it as a full Triple-A experience when really it was a delightful little indie outing. It's the same game today as it was a year ago, just with a lot more things to stack on a poopdeck.
&gt;a mire of murderhobos. At sea we just call those "pirates".
I appreciate this. I'm pretty new to free weights so I'm still picking up the conventions of the scene. I'll keep this in mind for the future.
It's really not even that purple. It reads like a funny story they've told a few times and made a bit more interesting for effect over time. Reddit is being really weirdly elitist about this one, in my opinion.
I did a creative writing degree (for a little while). All sorts of garbage.
What the *fuck* is going on with the border of that video? How many times did it get recursively screengrabbed before this upload?
I still yell either "JORDAN!" (or, "from downtown..." if I get a runup) because I'm old.
Sounds like a learning experience to me. Give them an "out", but make sure you play up the consequences of irresponsible magic. Then be aware they're going to find an excuse to do that again exactly when it's most inconvenient to you.
But don't you still need those components additionally with a Focus? I might be getting my consumable rules confused.
And it's assumed you do have them if you have a component pouch. So my point still stands, right?
Corrected (I had opportunity to look it up finally) - a spell focus negates only the need for the same components a component pouch is assumed to have. Whichever option you choose, you still need to actively possess components with a gold cost, or that are consumed. So yeah, the choice between a Focus or a Pouch is mechanically moot. It's just a flavour option.
The other button that isn't "release".
Yeah dynamite is just nitroglycerin soaked into clay and wrapped in paper. Super simple, super dangerous stuff.
The dog's name was Sui. Bindi Sue Irwin was named for the croc and the dog.
Bindy is kind of our catch-all name for any spiky ground weed. So, yeah.
That's pretty much exactly what HP is according to the rules, so that should generally work fine!
She looks like him in drag.
You're thinking of Star Trek.
Prot didn't go anywhere. He's the dude in the wheelchair for the last scene of the movie. The other guy, however...
Flames. When you die, the brazier on the Ferry of the Damned will let you change the colour of your lantern's flame depending on your mode of death (outlined elsewhere). You can then use your lantern to change the ship's lanterns to that colour permanently (or until some mangy bilgerat accidentally resets it to default instead of drawing the colour off).
It actually has the same modifier as holding Down+B to make your pokéball more likely to catch a 'mon.
Seriously. Just try doing literally anything else, with a storm nearby. It'll find ye.
I've been thinking about this recently actually, more with regards to Insight checks, but the same concept stands. Ask everyone what they're doing and where they are *before* calling for rolls. If only two people say they're looking around the room, one says they're keeping an ear out for patrols, another says they're juggling mice, only the first two get to roll Investigate (and probably ask which one has higher skill, and state the other one is Helping, thus granting Advantage). At the same time, tell that other guy to roll Perception, and I dunno give that last guy a coffee cuz he's losing focus. Now, everyone knows what they're doing, they roll their separate checks, and you resolve the results. Only give re-rolls if someone offers a decent justification for why they'd feel the need to do so.
He's playing right into their hands! The fool!
Chefs, man. Every one of them will be convinced their mutually exclusive techniques are objective fact, and will tell you so with supreme ~~arrogance~~ confidence.
That is... Not how that joke goes.
It's less that you can't "trust" the civilian princesses, but that they don't want people mistaking cosplayers for cast members, thus ruining the "magic". Gaston's persona is very carefully scripted. Chad from Daytona never got the script.
There is debate about that. A "famous" Gaston did in fact die tragically, but no one can seem to verify if that is him or not.
It was not, the Architect tells him he can choose... I want to say 23? people to be "woken up" to rebuild Zion after they reset the matrix.
Yeah OP, did you just get bored for owl and weasel? All the rest make fair sense with clear mechanical implications, but then those two forgot this wasn't a straight up "joke" one-shot.
Then that's going to require... Going to the moon, and we should probably *at least* talk about it before we get there. It's a baffling tweet.
It's ridiculously tall, of course, but that doesn't make it impossible. I'm 6'3" and at work I'm up on a step, and there are two women I regularly used to serve who could look me in the eye (and several men). She doesn't have the right frame for it (most of us verticality inclined freaks have a certain look to us), but it's plausible, if unlikely.
... what *happened* there?
I mean I got the vibe he doesn't even know what kind of Nintendo the game will be on, but he's just so charming and lovable we'll give him a pass on that.
Maybe. Probably.
I didn't say he doesn't know about the project, just that gaming doesn't really look like his bag. Also, lots of people do mocap and voice work without knowing what the project is. It's how the industry tricks them into doing high-profile projects for minimal pay. There was a whole strike about it.
Oh! Well that was easy.
&gt;i don't think you know just how early in development Starfield is Nobody does, they haven't brought it up since then. If it's that early that they have *absolutely nothing* to show, why bother even bringing it up a year ago?
Well then you missed **nothing**.
Hey, that was the one for *us*.
The people who go to E3 are press, who are theoretically impartial, and industry, being the suits who want to see that the developers are making the moneyspinners (ieb mobile games, online services, fee-to-pay). Any "fans" are actually the outliers, there as competition winners or... People who think it's a con. So, unfortunately, the spreadsheet is actually King, there.
Announcing a game is in the pipeline is an email to your shareholders. A teaser at E3 with nothing following it up for at least a year is begging for backlash.
Well, it certainly looked like... Quake. More interested in Ghostwire and Deathloop (ugh that title is terrible though...), but we really didn't get much to chew on from those.
ES6 was inevitable. It's Starfield I'm more talking about. There was no reason to mention that yet.
Yes. A significant event happened on that date, that happens to match up with this one which was printed *prior* to that date. What part of this is troubling you?
And this is indeed one of them!
Wow, those are pretty big gets, if that's true. Wonder how big the respective parts are, then? I can't imagine Kanye spending much time in the studio.
Corridor Digital is the channel. They've been around for years, part of Freddie Wong's circle if that name means anything to you. **Edit:** I guess they're just called "Corridor" now? That's an ambiguous google, boys, that's suboptimal SEO!
Corridor Digital. I'm sorry I'm on mobile right now so linking is a pain, but it's one of their newest handful of videos.
"Completely", uncertain as of yet. You're playing a 'named' character, which often implies you're stuck within a certain number of presets, but we simply don't know for sure yet. *Some* level of customisation is confirmed.
Jim "Fucking" Sterling-san said it well today, that perhaps it isn't that certain aspects of F76 are worse than in the last few games, but just the fact that it has basically no redeeming features makes it stand out more. It's got largely the same flaws as F4 and Skyrim, but it doesn't have the storyline and writing to hide behind.
I saw those in Japan! At first I was like, "man, Japanese bathroom game truly is next-gen", right up until the snoot full of warm air and soap bubbles.
I was ready to, until SSN. I'm not American so I don't have one :'(
Haven't you heard? *We're all breathtaking*.
I wouldn't think it's meant to be a "twist" as far as the storyline goes, just something that hasn't been revealed in the media yet.
The screaming guy? I assume it was because he was getting paid.
Might be naming Keanu characters (Wick, Mnemonic, Silverhand)
Right? It's 2077 man, this doesn't even *approach* the weirdest thing you're gonna see on those streets.
Seriously, I didn't watch Ubisoft til a few hours ago and the Bernthal appearance was a complete surprise to me. Guess it just came too late, got completely overshadowed before he even showed up. Poor dude, he's probably my favourite perennial also-ran. I had seen the dog, though.
Who else would be that passionate about a Succulent Chinese Meal?
Oh ok, indeed I don't follow Wildlands, so I didn't know that. Either way, I acknowledge he's not the breathtaking drawcard Keanu is. I was excited to see him, though!
She presented Ghostwire: Tokyo for Bethesda, and she was adorable the whole time. It was just a breath of fresh air in an often pretty stuffy and cringey expo.
Yeah, that's also an opinion. Personally, I enjoy those occasional glimpses of genuine joy and emotion, because it's pretty rare on those stages.
What's the opposite of r/contagiouslaughter?
Still feels too positive...
Oh shit, Hitler has two siblings alive today? They must be... old!
"- and while you're doing that, I'll just be over here..."
Isn't that exactly the plot of *Under Siege*?
Oh, this is one of those, "call back and say the complete opposite of what you just said to me", kind of deals, right?
That is not what "logic" is.
Well that entirely defeats the purpose of the thing. Why even bother?
Even better, to reduce the number of animals *wounded* unnecessarily. Training targets probably save more critters than they kill.
I suppose that depends on your definition of "we". Neanderthals are "only" 400,000 years old or so.
And inaccurate! Ain't no way Mr. Ramsay would hold back when it comes to food, no matter what monster cooked it.
It's based on a spinoff character by an artist famed for... Such things. It is perfectly accurate to that version of the character.
Oh, absolutely on purpose. The artist is a pornographer. I wasn't making any comments on artistic merit, just thought you might be interested to know that it wasn't the model who came up with the concept.
Oh man, I had no idea. I usually jump on, check whatever's new, bail after half an hour or so. Time to get my test phase on because that thing is amazing!
I "met" [Michael Caton](https://www.google.com/search?safe=off&amp;client=ms-android-google&amp;q=Darryl+Kerrigan&amp;stick=H4sIAAAAAAAAAONgecSYwy3w8sc9YankSWtOXmOM5eIKzsgvd80rySypFNLgYoOy5Lj4pLj0c_UNkuLL8ypLNBikeLiQ-EqqRvy7Lk07x8Yp2BL_ysch3d_BgfHR6s5VrEwGDE37VhxiY-FgFGDgWcTK75JYVFSZo-CdWlSUmZ6YBwBg04rggwAAAA&amp;sa=X&amp;ved=2ahUKEwj7xJ2O8-riAhXKeisKHSoGBQgQ3LoBMAF6BAgLEAM&amp;biw=393&amp;bih=658#mie=e,overview,Michael%20Caton,H4sIAAAAAAAAAONgVuLUz9U3sCiqik95xBjPLfDyxz1hqbBJa05eYwzgMslOttJPy0wuyczPS8yJL83LLEstKk5FEkrOSCxKTC5JLbIqyEmsTE1RSKoUkuBic80rySypFOKT4uHiApmfFF-eV1nCs4iV1zcTqCU1R8E5sSQ_DwBC_CLnfwAAAA) in much the same manner once, except we basically had that interaction non-verbally. I kind of did a double-take and pointed at him, and he pointed back at me with an exaggerated version of the face I guess I was making. I nodded at him in acceptance and we went our separate ways. True story.
Yeah, as beloved as Del Toro is among a certain demographic, he's not a money spinner. It's gonna take a couple massive hits in a row before someone would trust that kind of money to him and still allow him his "vision" unrestricted.
Speculate wildly as to the evolutionary advantages of such a posture, apparently.
As I understand it that's still just a theory, and hasn't ever been confirmed. It would make more sense, and would have been a phenomenal reveal if they'd bothered, but yeah... Just more wasted potential in that tyre fire of a movie.
Like, that's legit all I can think they'd be concerned about. Some kind of minority. Why else would you possibly think you need that kind of information!?
I wonder what it is about the dude that when they were talking about the butt-fuckin' dirt slave role someone was like "... I bet Channing Tatum would do it."
To be fair, a lot of people even less qualified than those examples, Joe Nocollar at the bar, often think they could too, given the opportunity.
Visions was more like a boarding school. Still technically secondary education.
Right!? "Dad's okay with it." You're a fucking adult, his opinion isn't even important in the matter, let alone calling him to tattle. Holy shit, those "kids" have problems.
Her-MY-uh-ni.
When I was at school it was pretty common to just... Say the person's name derisively. Like, as if the name itself tasted gross. Pretty much taught me that it isn't the word itself that's the problem, a lot of the time.
&gt;It also ignores the main problem she had with her counselor in that they were always unavailable. Says Nataly. I've been a teenager, "never available" could mean she tried at lunchtime for two days in a row, then gave up forever.
Audiobook narrator?
It was at E3 last week. Jables was there to do a live panel with his son. But yeah, it probably would have taken me a moment to recognize him; I guess having a cameraman following him around is a decent tell that he's not just some hobo.
That's a fair point, actually. The D, while still doin' their thing on the sly, haven't been huge for like a little while. Jables is "just" an actor these days, to a not insignificant chunk of people. But yeah, take a chill afternoon and give [their debut album](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_xNM5klPWGE&amp;list=OLAK5uy_my0Y8iaof2_ZaJLCc_4D7w0uLB0qNbgI8&amp;index=1) a go, and if that style of comedy tickles you, absolutely watch *Pick of Destiny*.
Just living the dream, man.
Where fan-fiction writers have been hit with C&amp;D's for using copyrighted materials? That's the opposite of what has happened here. OP used an established world and its characters, wrote a scenario for it, and submitted it, ultimately, to the "rightful" owners. Unless they published it verbatim (all or part), OP is S.O.L. If you're saying courts have allowed copyright-infringing fanfics to be published against the wishes of the actual copyright holder/s, I'd genuinely like to hear about that, because those are always fun cases.
&gt; the legal loopholes you are going to have to jump through to sue a company in another country This is an important point. This is why so many *clearly* copyright infringing games are all over every app store you care to name. Once you get international, all legal hassles are compounded exponentially.
In which case "NO LOOTBOXES" would be a truly bizarre thing to announce to a stranger. Is he prescient?
There is no significance. It's just an interesting Detail. In a Movie. Really, it's just a strange editing choice. The scene features a human head rotoscoped over a different man's body. I feel like just removing the bench wouldn't have been too tricky, either physically or digitally.
You should try reading it in his voice, then.
Nah.
But it's hiding a bench!
You get a poster if you do. Apparently they weren't sick enough of people asking, so they decided to insentivise it.
By "Steam hardware" do you mean a computer?
EB does price match, though (with apparent exceptions, according to my Karen friend, but I've never encountered them), so if they've got a good pre-order bonus or whatever they're worth a browse.
And the Nutri-Grain ads, and the Terran Academy in StarCraft. The Howie Scream was more important to my formative years than Wilhelm's.
Homie got that Height slider all the way up.
Avoid ships like the plague regardless. I ain't got no time for the smack talk. Sometimes it's even more fun to rabbit the moment someone turns toward you, lead them on a merry chase for a good long while, then welcome them aboard your barren, freshly offloaded vessel when you're done for the night. I've wasted an hour of my time. But there are *four* of you...
Happily been flying the rainbow flag all year. It's not "my" flag, but ain't nothing wrong with a bit of gaiety on these seas.
Because there's no backblast to counter-balance him. DO YOU EVEN PHYSICS BRO?
Yeah it's not so much that it's hard, but more that it's *frustrating*, and not fun in any way. Games are supposed to be fun.
I mean, if the colour copiers are the worst we have to deal with, I think we'll be fine so long as we can deprive them of toner.
I think you encountered an NPC. He had to wait for you to advance the Cutscene.
It's a beer ad, Hahn if memory serves.
Kobolds also weigh much less than the average adventurer, and are adept at trapmaking...
Well... Shit, in my office I have a foam Master Sword and a fake vine, I think I know what my weekend project is gonna be.
You actually genuinely should watch it. The grandma sex is only a very minor part of it.
"Bypass the 6-second skip" was a very strange way of saying it, but I assume they mean it fits in that unskippable 5 seconds of ad before you hit the button to watch whatever it is you were actually there for. It's a sizzler to trick you into sticking around for the full trailer.
Pro tip: this doesn't help at all. I dice onyaw the same way shown in the video except without removing the root, and weep openly every time. My knives are *far* less quality than his, though.
Sounds like someone's been sharpening their knife, then moving straight to honing before wiping the "dust" off. Yeah, that'll give your steel a good coating.
Sounds like someone's sharpening their knife, then moving straight to honing before wiping the "dust" off. Yeah, that'll give your honer a good coating.
I don't think so, she's saying she isn't of the opinion that they're unethical. It's just a bit of ambiguity in modern language, but in this context I think the meaning is, "I harbour no concerns about the ethics of this system". Uh, I mean, fuck EA amirite!? (Seriously tho fuck EA, but not about this isolated sentence)
It's a short story by the writer of *Fight Club* about a kid who sits on a pool drain to get off. He accidentally forms a vacuum seal and the drain pulls his colon out. Tethered by his intestines underwater, he... Severs the connection in an unorthodox fashion before he drowns. If you would like more detail, may the gods have mercy on your soul.
Are you sure? It goes into *a lot* of detail.
Not a scandal as such, but he's pretty well documented as being a touch prickly at times. Lot of fun stories, too, but when he's not in the mood he can be a bit of a tool, apparently.
Seemingly meaningless design stuff can be surprisingly interesting (see: *Helvetica*, the documentary about the font Helvetica). This video... Was not. If he'd gone into why the logo was designed that way, and how he worked out what colour the occluded faces were, that would have been worth making a video about. This was just a list of examples for no particular reason.
Reddit can't fucking handle that in *most of the world* the age of consent is less than 18. I really don't get it. I've been ripped to shreds here for bringing it up in the past. Maybe they're confusing it with the age of majority for pornography?
Who suggested that?
Yeah... Nah. The implication is that they've probably been together longer than since yesterday. Which still isn't a problem, because the age of consent is different to the age of majority.
... yeah? I guess? They're biologically and legally "ready", as determined by several branches of society. If you're 30 and a 16-year-old just seems too young for you (and they are, they have nothing interesting to talk about), then don't fuck 'em. But if a 20-year-old fucked a 17-year-old, and that's not illegal, and they have a lot in common, why should everyone be going apeshit about that?
Not some places. Most places. Which means the vast majority of the planet thinks a ~16 year old is capable of making that choice, so it shouldn't be worth mentioning if and when it happens. The legal aspect is sort of secondary to the point. The point is, why do so many people think it's noteworthy?
What grown-ass men are we taking about? The guy in the video said he was 20. Are you saying he lied?
She was 18. If they'd been together for more than a year, he would of course have been 18 or 19 when she was 16. It was pretty common for the girls at my high school to date guys that had already graduated. This is my point: people getting all upset about the subject of this video, when there really wasn't anything worth getting upset about (and past instances where this has come up were largely the same). Nowhere have I suggested it's not gross for a 30+ to fuck a teenager.
The real game in Halo1 was sniping with that legendary gods-damned pistol.
Play5tation?
iOS and Android, per the trailer.
Because [peanut butter](https://encrypted-tbn0.gstatic.com/images?q=tbn%3AANd9GcRkD2HjJBRc1XiFdij1AWzUb3ZdiUAkPb38IdGSz0YqrxmhUgWp).
It's a flat image. By the time it was within line-of-sight, it was behind her eyeline. She wouldn't have seen it at all. So, they were relying on her muscle memory, but that also doesn't track because they moved the target.
They're pretty expensive.
Ooooh they mean without phones or computers, don't they? I still just assumed it meant without the safety barriers modern trampolines have, as in, "this is what kids can accomplish when you don't bubble-wrap them".
I don't remember if it was the PSU or the monitor, but back in the day it shared a port with the kettle, of all things.
That's what I was gonna mention. Depending on the store they might not even *have* an extra 65-worth of everything. One hour's notice? Fuck all of that. A day is absolutely kosher for an order that size.
Pripyat has seen a recent boom in Chernobyl tourism. So yeah, ol' mate might be surprised.
But where are the floating invisible numbers, and which one is Satan/Batman?
Wild guess: OP isn't the creator, they clipped (or found) a clip from some reviewer's video. A lot of them chase betas and whatnot, particularly for indie VR games which seem to be perpetually in beta.
I'm 70% sure one of them was explicitly either transgender or hermaphroditic. I wanted to say Uranus but that feels too on the nose.
oOoo. I bet he *did* kill his wife.
Pfft. A fantasy language that doesn't contain a Thorn character? Particularly one where one of the most important words is "thu'um"? Why even bother.
Fair to say, but that's clearly a "young" backpack.
Oh good, that wasn't just me! Yeah the fight choreography in Bleach was overall pretty great at straddling that live action/anime divide, I thought.
Sorry, I'm spiritually opposed to using /s. I suppose I could have laid the irony on thicker, but mostly I just wish English still had Thorn in our alphabet.
Oh, is that Maxi's anglicized name?
Guessing by "woman's job" being an issue, that both parties here are gents. It's a scientific fact that if a straight dude happens to have two gay acquaintances, they will assume 100% compatability.
If the answer to any of those last few is yes, then that's what you reply with when someone inquires as to remuneration for the job you're asking them to sign on for.
Well, fank you ferdat. It's a great weight off me mind.
Brevity: wit.
Well, it definitely appeals to someone. You can't fight Rule 34.
Seriously. This series of pranks cost that dude about $300.
It might as well be. It's very general and common advice.
Yeah, this has three potential outcomes: 1. You attempt to dick a Dragon. You fail due to insurmountable physiological differences. There isn't enough left of your corpse to resurrect. Shame about those draconic courting rituals, huh? 2. You coax a Dragon into dicking you. There isn't enough left of your corpse to resurrect. Shame about the limits of humanoid endurance, huh? (Did we learn *nothing* from Mr Hands?) 3. You assume WoW rules, where basically all dragons have a humanoid form (which, of course, they don't in D&amp;D), and you treat it the same as any other Fae/Fel/Spirit relationship, with all associated hooks and risks both short- and long-term. This is probably not what the player is after, though, so fuck 'em. You're not obligated to partake in their personal slash-fic.
Oh really? I actually double checked a couple because I wasn't certain, and none of them said so. Might have just fluked the exceptions. **Edit:** without going through every one of them, it looks like *most* metallic and *some* chromatic have the "Change Shape" ability, but it's not so much "their Human form" as it is a unique version of polymorph for dagrons.
Okay then, SHOTGUN! Only I may have the magic circle!
He also trained himself to run without (visibly) breathing. Dude committed to this role 110%.
Some of the shots are a practical effect, so I guess, once they had the thing done, they wanted to get their money's worth out of it.
We didn't "get played". Caspian and co. bit off more than they could chew, and they're not handling it in an ideal way. But this wasn't ever a scam; they've put in *way* too much work by this stage for that. Anyone with half an idea of what it takes to make an MMO would have (and did, loudly and often) said what they promised at the start was crazy ambitious, and there was a pretty solid risk that they wouldn't deliver 100%. Many of us decided we could afford to take that risk, on the off-chance they pulled it off. I'm still keen to see how they do.
Benificent/beneficial? Though that doesn't really work for your example sentence.
A ways back along the evolutionary track, maybe, but a Drop Bear is to a Koala what a Goliath Bird Eating Spider is to a Hunstman. Wicked teeth, venomous spurs, they mostly target tourists because the locals have been ingesting vegemite, which the Drop Bear is naturally repelled by, our whole lives. In a pinch you can dab some behind your ears if you need to walk through [Drop Bear territory](https://australianmuseum.net.au/learn/animals/mammals/drop-bear/).
Spring, Autumn and Summer.
Jesus the "welcome" page for that sub is cringey enough, complete with obvious spelling error! I've got the dosh, but I think this is one of those, "I'd never want to belong to a club that would have me as a member" situations. That's one link I'll leave well and truly blue.
The great thing about those is I can skip straight past them because the "best" answer will be screencapped on Facebook in a day or so anyway.
&gt; Rupi Kaur Wait... of the *decade*? By whose authority? Literally everything I know about her is based on the wikipedia extract in the google search I just did, and I am *outraged* at this suggestion.
Well, more importantly, *Feather Fall* doesn't immediately arrest your momentum, and in fact doesn't even slow you down as much as people seem to think, if you actually do read the block. It basically slows you to the bare minimum required for survival.
Definite doesn't really fit in that sentence. I think they were indeed going for "defiant". Otherwise it would be "certain" given the structure of the sentence.
There are not, nor has there ever been, 250,000 backers. That is the (primary) mistake in your maths.
No, that sounds about right, actually. Generally I'd guess about 5-10% of any large online community are actually 'active', handful of that number financially so (consider the whales/dolphins/minnows" model of game monetization); the vast majority remaining just curious one day and lost interest, bots, or multi-boxers.
And now I'm bummed because I know that exists and I haven't heard it. Way to ruin 2020 for me.
Ideally it doesn't last long (I mean, *ideally* you aren't ever in that situation, but you know what I mean). You're supposed to offload any pressurised containers so they don't explode in/on the truck, so no, I guess that means you probably aren't.
Sussuruss.
"Libel", I suspect. But yeah, gossip rags are apparently immune to libel laws for some reason. I'd love it if someone familiar with such laws could tell me why, it's always driven me crazy. I guess the first test would be whether or not it's "damaging"?
&gt; unless they can prove "malice" had been intended For example, if they actively manipulated an image in order to publish a fallacious/salacious headline?
Yeah but... closer together.
&gt; at 150 above ground level I'm gonna go with... feet?
It's possible! Apparently it's such a rare word that no spellcheck I've ever encountered has it recorded :p
Oh, Grimer?
I mean, that's actually kind of just what revenants *do*, so...
This almost feels more like an experiment. Like, someone wanted to find out if they could front-page Reddit with footage of an open pantry, and they've been testing different subs/titles until they found a combo that worked.
Around where? I would be very surprised if that's true (not that people still buy the bags, just the part about overall usage not dropping appreciably).
Most of the Numbered vaults have pretty amazing narratives around them. This is a rarity, one of the "successful" ones, which actually makes it kind of boring, [as far as Vault stories go](https://www.pastemagazine.com/articles/2015/07/the-10-most-interesting-fallout-vault-experiments.html).
"Deliberately lit", not arson. Fireworks and cigarette accidents, campfires that got out of hand, kids being dumb, those all count towards the Deliberately Lit category without the malicious intent implied by arson. There are some arsonists, but your 80% figure is part of some kind of disinformation campaign.
Merryl Streep. *Merryl fucking Streep*? I don't even think I could describe her to you, I'm not certain I've seen a movie with her in it in my adult life. But she's apparently on the tip of my tongue.
Okay, how about [this link here](https://www.smh.com.au/national/arson-mischief-and-recklessness-87-per-cent-of-fires-are-man-made-20191117-p53bcl.html)? It describes how the majority of fires are "man made", though not necessarily a result of malicious arson. Seriously, did you actually read that article, or just google the number and gave me the first link you found?
Yep, that sounds about right, and lines up with the ~40% of all fires over the time period in the article you linked. So these ones are slightly above average.
Yeah, the original pitch made it sound like we were heading into a fairly unpopulated world; basically a racial capital each, some quaint little hamlets, and a lot of empty space in between. I thought the point was we were starting relatively low-tech, and had to build up from there. Now, we're basically halfway through Elyria's Renaissance period, and everything's been done before we get there - not an empty space on the map. Not what I signed up for, but hey, if we get anything at this point I'll be pleasantly surprised!
Dude... You're giving me these figures. You said 80%, I pointed out that it was lower, you showed me proof that I was right, then updated me again when you confirmed it. What is your argument here?
Wait I didn't delete a damn thing. But yes, that was the only part I was contesting, the arson part. That 80% figure is being shared around a lot by people who think it disproves the climate change angle. I just wanted to draw attention to that. What message was deleted?
Heroes fighting an evil version of themselves is *tight*.
I guess if you assume only Pirate Legends bother to bring a crew into "end-game" content, sure!
It's like a cow's opinion: it's "moo".
I can never get this to work. What's the trick? I think I can't aim up while lunge-boosted or something? I dunno, it's just a technique that's always eluded me.
The first one he was revved for having to brace against the floor, which just smacks of people looking for an excuse to complain. Levers and fulcrums, as Archimedes was so fond of. Still questionable marketing.
Huh. I used to give blood regularly (stopped when I got tattoos and just never got back in the habit), but they always used to give me a little plastic widget of some kind to fiddle with in my off-hand, I assumed to ensure steady circulation. Think I would actually pass out of they went dual-wield on me.
Jim "Fucking" Sterling-san's decade roundup addressed this somewhat, in that he titled it *Most Influential* rather than *Best*, but talked about how that metric changes depending on what you're trying to prove exactly. Incidentally, he actually seemed to have forgot about Minecraft.
I think a lot of people actually mean *weddings* are a scam.
Ol' mate makes 7 figures, that's Fuck You money at this scale.
It's hard to see exactly so I'm not commenting specifically on this video which as far as I can tell looks okay, but if you find yourself in a position to hydrate a koala, *do not pour it into their mouths from a bottle or cup*. Koalas mostly get their water from the leaves they eat, or occasionally lapping it slowly from a billabong or whatever. With their head up, water can very easily get straight into their lungs, so place whatever container you have handy on the ground, so they can stoop with their head down and drink at their own pace.
Look, in this specific case, it's a bit questionable - he's not done the hold-high-and-tip thing you see in a lot of photos, which is to his credit. It looks like he's dunking the snout to show it there's water there, but it's not going for it so he just goes for the capture. But absolutely don't tip into your hands if you have *any* other option; stressed koalas can be cranky little shits and will do some damage if they have a mind to.
Expectation: "It's just slapping things together!" Reality: *[angrily sobs in bechamel]*
Oh man, so my partner's family is Italian(ish), and this sounds like a perfect dish to prepare for her. Mostly, though, because she has this vexation for the words "peasant food" (it's her mother's favourite phrase in the kitchen) and what you just described sounds like the most peasant shit *ever* and I want to thank you for that.
They're basically stoned full time, and they're all pretty exhausted on top of that right now, though they can get pretty aggro, like any wild animal that isn't a quokka. But yeah, for the most part they're quite chill.
I mostly know from people *more* knowledgable than me trying to get the word out. It's spreading, and really it's not super common for a complete rando to be in this situation anyway, so yeah. The folks who are actively seeking the animals out know how to handle them, for the most part.
Holy shit, glad to see it's not just me on this, ahem, train! I mean yeah, it's impressive, this particular example is pretty hard to be mad at, but it's still *vandalism*. There are probably some great reasons why this is a bad thing to do to a train, so it's gonna take a bunch of people a tonne of time (not to mention money) to fix it.
Well, I can tell you in my part of the world the vast majority of them have been painted (by commission though), so it's not, like, *hazardous* or something.
I was actually just referring to how positive all the comments in this thread were at the time. I get that disruption is entirely the point for the perpetrators.
Eh, her justification on that actually isn't too ridiculous. If a kid can be called Rose or Olive, why not Apple? Just because it's new doesn't make it *automatically* ridiculous, we've all seen how bad "new" names can get. Apple isn't terrible, in the grand scheme of things. Just kinda silly sounding. **edit:** I've just realised both of the examples I chose at random also happen to be *colours*, which dilutes my point a little, but put even a tiny amount of thought in and you'll come up with a handful of names that are taken from nature, plants, and food. I believe in you.
Hey, Azeroth has been gaining a new continent every couple years for a decade now. But on the other hand, most of the regions so far have all been on the same continent - roughly equivalent to Japan.
To make it worse, in The Simpsons, Apu's kids are toddlers, despite being born like a decade after Maggie, who remains &lt;2.
Hey did you just make that up on the fly because I'm all in.
In this case, money. Unless you mean the people calling them out? They gain: people in their community not being fleeced out of money.
It's like they've heard about the "question marks in headlines" school of deviant marketing tactics, but forgot which bit if information to be vague about. If it simply read "Would you believe your water comes from pipes like these?" it's just regular ethical bankruptcy, rather than the fraud that comes in when you specifically lie about the source of the image.
It was *hinted* in the first episode, if you were sharp enough to catch all the unfamiliar names and locations being thrown around on your first watch through. It becomes explicit in ep 4, but you were doing well if you caught on much before that.
Yes, those would be the unfamiliar names and locations I mentioned. If the Netflix series was your first contact with the Witcher, you missed those, assumed you misunderstood, or figured it would get explained later, but you probably didn't take it for what it was. That's why it's a hint. Without the context of "there are multiple timelines at play", those scenes were basically just mildly confusing.
Which is what's frustrating about this meme format, which has been around for... About 10 years now. Every time this screenshot comes up, someone is so quick to shit on her for being some kind of hippy Luddite. Surprise, she totally agrees with you! Gaming can be good for you! She wrote a whole book about it!
No deal. I'll just cut back on pooping.
Or you can watch the actual TED Talk in the image, which is about using games and gamification to improve your mental health and wellbeing.
👍
That was a generalised statement, not directed at you specifically. I haven't been following your career for ten years, I'm afraid.
What about "because I've lost control of my life"?
Depends on who's definition you go by. The Almighty Acronym has largely expanded to LGBTQI+ so that it encompasses everything outside "cishet", but in doing so otherises intensely (both within and without the letters), which as far as I understand is the opposite of the point. Unfortunately, in order to make progress, this kind of has to be the case *for now*, but I believe the inevitable future (O, so far away it seems at the moment) is just to abolish gender entirely, and everyone is just people. Got a ways to go for that, though.
Ovaries no, but I saw a story a while ago that there have been a handful of successful uterus transplants. Unsure if there's been a baby born to one of them, though, but in theory a "test tube baby" could be possible. It sort of depends on how strongly the "traditional" processes of conception and childbirth are important to you. But then, would you be as hesitant if science was necessary to ensure a cishet woman could conceive, if her natural processes were for whatever reason impaired? It can be a difficult discussion.
I didn't *know* that, but I think I probably *assumed* that.
If this is an Australian flying fox, then no it doesn't, because we don't have rabies here. We do have lyssavirus though, which is... Basically rabies. But I'm hearing this one might be Indian, so probably don't hug it either way.
Nein. *Optimism*. "Surely at least one person... No? Not a single movement ability...? Hmm. I see."
Mando was a critical success, surely, but how much money did it actually make? That part is harder to gauge, given the platform.
Happened about a year and a half ago.
It was always just a fan theory, I believe.
Is there a source for the vents part?
Do you happen to have that source? I can't find him talking about it anywhere.
Neither is tipping anywhere at all ever, but it is the done thing.
Yeah I'm curious myself. Both the "Waitstaff live off tips!" and the "Businesses that can't afford to pay a living wage don't deserve to be in business!" camps are very vocal, let's see which one gets here first. **edit:** Institutionalized exploitation it is! Good job, America.
I definitely see the advantages in some markets, but that minimum wage is just still too low. Tipping should be a gratuity, not a requirement.
Dude all the training courses were the best part of the game. "Okay, *airrr-bourrrne*..." I spent hours replaying them all to get qualified for everything, bugger all time actually in combat (cuz I can't shoot for shit).
Couldn't make it past the URL tbh.
I've found the "clink" of one of his plates on the counter, or the rustle of the dry food bag if he's further afield often does the trick for this. But yours is more fun.
He has a tin bowl, and a couple of small ceramic plates, so yes the sound is distinctive enough that he doesn't freak out when we serve our own dinner :p
But then how will they know to bring Jerry?
That was well before the Keanuissance, and was wrong anyway. He was great in it. Shia was the real misstep. Everyone else in that movie absolutely killed it.
I had an "argument"* with someone about this a couple weeks back, pushing all the same talking points, all the same numbers. They won't even update their gorramn misinformation! ________ \* Basically, they said "Arsonists!", I said actually that's not true, they spent the next three days sending me links to articles that... Proved me right. It was very strange.
Oh, sure, I don't think it should be him, absolutely not. I was just responding to the comment in a vacuum. I'm not sold on Matt Ryan either, though I fucking *loved* his series and I'm glad they found a way to drag that out longer for him in lieu of a season 2. I think it's time for someone new. McAvoy isn't bad, but I'd like to be surprised by a fresh face.
He might have genuinely got into a blue with Lee, but it didn't go nearly as in-his-favour as the scene we saw suggests.
Man, *Warcraft* is so close to being good. I just can't put my finger on what it was that didn't work, because it does so many things really well. I think it just needed to come in on a smaller scale story to kick things off. It was too "big" and uneven.
Yeah, I don't really stands by what I said, just offering a potential explanation for the inconsistency in the theory.
Homo ludens. Apparently Kojima is leading the charge.
"WE WALK! IN THE GARDEN, OF HIS TURBULENCE!" Everyone was just having so much fun in that movie.
Rules As Written, contrasted with RAI: Rules As Intended.
"Megagames" is kinda that first one, they tend to lean towards a LARP focus (that is, a lot of it player driven) by necessity as you can only have so many Game Masters in a room with dozens of players, but I've seen *Look To The Skies* in action, and it seemed pretty dang entertaining. Heckloads of organization required, though.
Just for your information, a backslash \\ before the markdown will cancel the effect, so \\\*word\\\* will look like \*word\*. This comment brought to you by excessive backslashes (there are 10 of them).
I am an Admin account! Why doesn't it run *everything* as Admin?
But I have a password for when it's me sitting at my computer. So I have a passcode lock over the keyhole.
But it's not like there's any extra layer of protection over running things as an admin, you just have to right-click. Is there a specific reason to not run something as an admin?
From what I've read it's more like an "up to" thing. 2-4 days is more common, but they're keeping track of people who are known to have been exposed, for two weeks.
That is the twitchiest fuckin' trigger I've ever seen. He barely got his hand on it! Love the walk-off though; "Yeesh, aight I'ma head on out..."
That's... Specific.
Cheers for that, cuz I couldn't make heads nor tails of it. Trump admitting he's not the best at something? Clear evidence the tape had been doctored, far as I'm concerned. Bignoting himself in an ambiguous, barely comprehensible way? That's our President* for sure.
/r/yourjokebutworse would generally fit the bill.
Man, when I get around to making my channel, I gotta come to this sub for my art needs. Y'all are underselling yourselves! OP, for something like your avatar, $5 is a bargain. If you do anything more complex than that, I hope you charge more!
When the majority of people say "the Haka", they're referring to *ka mate*, so yeah definitely strong All Blacks influence.
Haha, nah. He's being *just* subtle enough that he's got plausible deniability, but there is absolutely no way he **needs** to be as "present" in Barnes' space as he is in these clips. Now, I'm hearing that's how Barnes plays, and Kobe's just giving it back, but let's dispense with the fiction that Kobe doesn't know what he's doing. He knows exactly what he's doing. And what he's doing, is playing just this side of "prison rules".
Oh sure. I'm just disagreeing with that guy's assessment of, "Barnes is all over him and Kobe's just standing there". That's not what I'm seeing at all. Kobe is being... Obtrusive. Ain't nothing wrong with that per se, but as far as there is an "in the wrong", it's Kobe here.
Some dude.
... Do they label the presence of swine flu?
Hmm. So remember back when North Korea was all over the news and everyone was saying they didn't want to disrupt the regime because no one had anywhere to put all the refugees...?
I think it's kinda crazy how many different people are using the term TWA without explaining what it is.
Pfft no. My katana is not a "prop". It stays on my wall. If I ever have cause to lay hands on it again, you'll know a man is about to die. I do have several photos of me in a Naruto headband, however.
Oh man, thank you for that link, they've got some *great* patterns. I can't find the "hardware" section though. All I can see are patterns, and some tools. Are the bits and bobs gone because they're out of stock, or do I just suck at navigating websites today?
I mean, it changes absolutely nothing to interpret it in either direction. It's literally the same message.
At no point during this compilation could I predict what the next words out of her mouth were going to be. Phenomenal.
Exposure might get you followers. So, for an influencer, that actually equals money, because they are their own product, which they sell to advertisers. For a business... Exposure gets you bugger all.
Probably not as much as you'd hope, because to even be an influencer is kind of predicated on the idea that you have a legion of freakily devoted followers, who will likely instantly take their side and harass the vendor mercilessly.
I think the awkardly-worded implication is that there's a *City* at the hub that's ever-expanding as refugees make their way inward.
But doesn't that make it... Like...a crime then?
That is also an interesting take! So as land disappeared off the edge, it pushed up from the middle? That's some solid world building! [Finger guns]
Right, &lt;30% humidity sounds like some kind of divine paradise. The rest of it sounds like... Queensland. Source: FNQ.
I heard: 1. It's a habit Heath always had 2. It was to facilitate the over-enunciation of the character 3. It was modelled after some "crazy" person Heath drew inspiration from By this point it hardly matters why he really made that choice for the character, we're never going to know the truth. Just keep appreciating the performance.
Short version, it's like having the "raw" footage. It doesn't use pixels, so properly stored, it maintains quality and can be scaled to basically any format. Sort of like filming in vector graphics.
I didn't say "infinite", it can match basically anything we have *currently* to display on, but yeah I was just simplifying for the lay person.
Seems as worthy an expenditure as the award itself in the first place.
They didn't, they said Shrek **2** is.
A simple *COPS* reference doesn't get you "Contains Drug References" note on your rating, though.
Yup. See all the hedging in the language? "Basically", "sort of". Indicating there are exceptions. Avoiding absolute terms so that I didn't have to go into technical language.
Hey that sounds right. Honestly I didn't think it was that important, dude just hadn't had his question answered in an hour, so I thought I'd chip in with some ELI5. Got some good Cunningham's Law data out of it, though! So that's cool!
It's like when the power goes out, and you sit there and realise literally everything you want to do requires at least a decent light. Glad you figured something out for the poor kid! Hope they're doing well.
Sounds like your chiropractor friend might be...a physical therapist. Do they call themselves a chiro? They should stop doing that. Then again, there's a depressing amount of money to be made in just that branding.
And he did. He learned that he is *officially* above the law.
Ayyyy that's what I've been looking for! Cheers, soon as I get a chisel I'll be able to finish my satchel finally!
&gt; Garrett Haake Oh, it's his name. I thought that was an approximation of the noise he made.
I think the only "mistake" you made was finishing your session on such a downer. "You failed, uhhhhh see you next week?" just isn't dramatically satisfying. I understand you were probably taken by surprise, but if you could have found an excuse for a social or combat encounter to be a direct result of this failure, that keeps them failing *forward*, it could have been better salvaged. To reiterate, I think you actually handled this well, I'm just suggesting a possible way that the session itself could have gone a little better, as far as your players' experience is concerned.
Not just "not Trump". *Biden*. O, how I wish that wasn't the only other option, it's not a good option, but a vote for anyone but Biden is effectively a vote for Trump this November.
I know we're all having a bit of fun here, but just in case anyone is new, **do not** tell your player their character doesn't know what a horse is if they fail a check (even on a 1). They just don't know the breed, they can't tell the difference between a plow horse and a race horse, they probably don't know what to feed it exactly.
That's why the big "secret" of being a good road user isn't to be polite, it's to be predictable.
(we'll be stunned)
That is a wild-ass story. I think about how that would look in a movie or TV series - you have this character that just has a dull, scuffed NERF gun on him at all times, and it's only ever vaguely addressed. "Oh, yeah, him? He was in the war. Yeah... I don't think he's okay." Then they do a prequel years later, and there's this pivotal scene at the end of the first act where private dipshit gets handed this pristine, orange metaphor, and everyone would be all, "Booo did we really need to *see it*? Are we expected to believe he kept it all this time? This is unnecessary." Anyway I'm glad he found a relativity benign way to cope, and I hope he's doing well.
You can sitch a little bit of florist wire into a pocket over the nose bridge to conform it better. Alternatively, because I misplaced my florist wire at the time, a small "dart" in each side (kind of a very thin fold from the corner to where your nose juts) works pretty good as well.
At a quick guess, very partially split embryo. Think "conjoined twins", but... not very much.
Nah, it's not his profile. His nose isn't that hooked.
8 Grand? Nah fuck that, I'll walk it off.
I think you're thinking of [kurzgesagt](https://youtu.be/JQVmkDUkZT4).
More so than the first, but it's pretty clever with it. The ending is pretty weak, but I thought it was in the first one, too, so whatevs.
Gotta catch that swell of public interest. People have been looking up again since Crew Dragon.
The idea of slowing the infection rate, "flattening the curve", is to mitigate the impact on hospitals' ability to manage both the infected, as well as all the other people who need hospitals on a normal basis. Slowing the rate of COVID-19 infections would mean *slightly* more people survive the infection, but that's not at all the point of the exercise, and herd immunity is not at all the intended end-goal.
Varies wildly. I've seen some girls make fucking *bank* off being non-nude, and some wild-ass bitches go wanting. I've no doubt there's a handful that wouldn't have had a problem getting this loan. Some dudes are apparently just begging to be taken financial advantage of.
Pay for your porn, freeloader.
"Without Further Adieu". I legit can't even recall the last time I heard it said correctly. It's driving me insane. Even people I've considered rather articulate otherwise, I've heard them make this gaff. N.B. it's, "without further *ado*".
Does it make sense, though? It's a digital medium, why did it need to be "taken down" to add anything?
They aren't supposed to be skip-fired anymore. They stopped doing that years back. They're just not supposed to be fired at faces, nor at close range.
If you haven't got it worked out yet, is your Discord set up to use Voicemeeter as it's audio in/out device? By default it would be set to your microphone directly, which means it's not actually taking the modulated output as audio input, if you follow me.
Somewhere between *The Dark Tower* and *Eragon*. Holy shit, I'm not even a huge fan of the books, but even from a purely film-making perspective this thing is baffling. It's hard to believe it was ever intended to hit theatres.
Best be careful with that kind of talk 'round these parts of the 'web.
Right. We have a different word for that. It's a "retcon".
&gt; You cannot argue with what the director was intending [Au contraire](https://www.enotes.com/homework-help/what-roland-barthes-means-by-expression-death-191823)!
Jeane Dixon might be in with a chance, but.
Did they not know that's just a long way of saying "stoner"?
Assuming she's been correctly identified. The internet gets it wrong and ruins lives *all the fuckin' time*. Naming and shaming is one thing, but internet vigilantism is pretty gross and over the top more often than it isn't.
We did the opposite! "Hey this mark on the rug here must be something?" "Nah I think it's just a mark on the rug." Spoiler: the mark on the rug was indeed something. (In our defence the room was very dark, we hadn't found the remote for the lights yet).
Ay bro, for whatever it's worth just know that over here on the Mainland we're looking to bestow upon her the highest honour available to us: trying to claim her as an Australian.
I only noticed these challenges were a thing about a month ago. These announcement posts never make it to my feed, and I rarely actually visit any subreddits themselves. I don't know if there's a way to make them more visible, other than actively encouraging engagement, here and in the submission posts. I'll try to be more active myself, even if I rarely participate. (Though I have been mulling over a summoning portal for quite some time, for a game that probably won't ever happen. Good excuse to give it a shot!)
Yell back. Assert dominance. "AAAARGH SHIT MY FUCKING LEG!"
I seem to recall you addressing that point specifically when it came to, for example, Molly, compared to The Merlin. A part of the interference between magic and tech is *the wielder's belief* that the machine is simple enough that magic will leave it alone. The Will is as important as The Other Things.
&gt; I stopped making black eyed ones a while ago because someone called it lazy painting ... what? Shine on you crazy diamond, they look amazing. I couldn't even hazard a guess at what they meant by that.
Well now, haggling is perfectly acceptable in and of itself, as long as you both keep it fair and civil. Some artists charge way more than others, I don't think it's out of line to say, "Hmm what would [initial quote minus reasonable amount] get me?" because sometimes you just straight up don't realise how expensive some commissions might be, and maybe they're willing to compromise on a smaller, less colour, less detail etc. version of whatever you were after. I probably wouldn't bother doing that for *any* artists that find themselves in this sub, though, because apparently y'all wildly undervalue yourselves.
She definitely didn't. It's a picture of a rabbit. You can't get a copyright on a vague description of a dead pet rabbit.
Eh, there's basically as much evidence for this being true as there is for Tanuki Gakure. !subscribe
Oh! That's *nice*.
Did you read the image? Journalists have. And apparently we're gonna start hearing what they have to say on June 25th! That's kinda the buried lede in this post, IMO.
I know plenty of people who do, but like, they wait until a little closer to the date. Several months out, for a game that's already been delayed once, by a company famed for delays, is pretty optimistic. Also they usually take, like... a long weekend.
Oh man, I only saw a still image of that before now, and I remember thinking it was the least composed I've ever seen the man. Say what you will about... Whatever the fuck you want, but the dude usually walks around with confidence. *Finally* something might be getting through the shell of delusion he's constructed around himself all his life.
Snapchat does, though.
People noticed it the last couple times this exact gif was posted, so.
And they didn't feel obligated to make him cartoonishly evil. His grand scheme was just a heist, against someone who'd barely miss it. The worst you can say is he was the middle-man to *other* peoples' potential mass murders, which... Yeah, arms dealing is a heck of a legitimate business sometimes, huh?
He introduced the bit by talking about watching *Poltergeist*. He makes a joke about the TV scene from that movie, and uses that to segue into how white people don't just fuckin' leave the house in horror movies. He then starts talking about the scene in *Amityville Horror*, and how it would have been very different if it was a black guy. There's absolutely no "confusion" between the two movies.
He's talking about *Amityville* by then. He explicitly brings it up beforehand.
&gt; Jordan Peele pitching a live action Gargoyles movie to Disney. I see, and who do we mercilessly harrass to make this a reality?
The protests obviously aren't ideal in this environment, but at least for the most part they're wearing fucking masks.
A little bit of false marketing doesn't really cover the breadth and depth of the bullshit salad that is NBNco and co. When I moved house a little while back, I called to change my NBN to the new address, and was told they "No longer offered" the speeds I was ~~getting~~ paying for, and I'd have to downgrade. I told them I wasn't looking for an offer, I had a year left on my contract for the speeds I signed up for, I'd just keep on that one, cheers. Long story short, absolutely no noticable difference after my speed was downgraded by half. 6 months later I got a random cheque in the mail because apparently most ISPs were full of shit about the speeds they'd been offering in the first place. Fuckin' funny about that, huh.
Ah dang, when they said $150 for gigabit, I was like, "Eh, I guess that's not too far off." I forgot that 100mb =/= 1gb.
&gt; 200mb data cap Why even bother at that point? You can knock that out with a poorly optimised gif.
I would dispute that. People were outraged by sentence-long, out-of-context plot points. They didn't give the "how it was done" a chance at all.
I ain't never seen boat wake (big enough to surf on) that smooth. I would have guessed some kind of motor under the boards? But the asymmetry of the boards not being strapped perfectly even might throw off their groove. I dunno. Ask him, he's probably got an insta.
I think it does in terms of actual revenue?
You're not "wrong" by any means, but it's kind of one of those things you just have to accept as being more... *cinematic*. Like drawing a sword going sccCHING! or the superhero landing, it doesn't make sense *realistically*, but it makes it generally easier and more fun to read what's happening in the frame.
It's probably true. It's actually pretty common, though. Any decent martial artist could be "too fast" for 24 frames per second, what makes them a decent actor is knowing what looks good on camera.
Aye, I was going to address that specifically, but neiither of us have gotten enough attention that it's worth getting into specifics about :p. It's not really "wilfully misleading", but it is... not particularly interesting, if you get into the minutiae of the fact. "Too Fast For Film" isn't especially noteworthy, as true as it may be.
Hey, everyone replying to this guy: NO. DO NOT GET INTO A FIGHT OVER A CASH REGISTER. Yeah, it's a lot of fun to see this idiot get what he deserves, but that employee put himself in *way more danger* by fighting back than he would have been by just cooperating.
... do you not accept things as plausible when there is evidence to support it? It's kind of the traditional method.
That's actually how I've been doing it in my head for years. I don't know if it's an official "rule", but it's very helpful.
Right? There are several instances where it it was really Jimmy just standing there looking at his phone or something, he should probably take offence.
Right, if anything, the idea of less advertising makes the platform more appealing.
It's on Australian Netflix, if that helps at all.
Man, our previous neighbours had two young girls, and these bitches would play a game I believe they called, "Scream as loud as possible for three hours straight" just about every day. Their bedtime was around midnight. That family had some fuckin' issues, dude.
Meanwhile, what an amazing use of all that time and effort, because I 100% assumed it was CGI up until this moment.
You can throw someone off a building without breaking every bone in their body, but they can't work out a solution for a simple table slam without knocking a dude out? Kinda sounds like they didn't consult a stunt coordinator at all. I'm pretty confident *I* could pull it off believably with shit I have around the house and a free video editor. To be honest, I'm having trouble believing this whole thing. There's just so much wrong with it.
And still way more work and risk than just keying one in.
I think that's a generally accepted position. Gyllenhaal is a treat to watch as always, but the movie on the whole felt clumsier. Homecoming had some real love put into it.
