Thats not what he meant. He specifically asked if it was marked as an ad. Unless it is an advertisement, you can't pay Google to be ranked higher. In this situation an advertisement is not part of the rankings, it is above the rankings.
Who calls them listicles? Not me.
Thats not how it works.
Sort of. Fruit is very high in sugar.
Doesn't really matter how much water is in them lol they are still high in sugar with or without water.
Yes I know I'm not making any other comment other than it is high in sugar lol I guess it is wise to include more context
Younique is a company, not a sport. I think there is a difference
GREAT grandma
Your ancestors must all give birth when they are quite young
Everyone knows coins and cash is dirty
Is the key necessary though? You've probably remember the key by now.
Please contact dada with your resignation
My god I wouldn't trust a doctor in China with my eyes for god sake just go home and get it done.
Oh ok hahahaha
Lol just a reminder? Why
Ok
Lol
You're not allowed to take selfies when they're awake?
Not really this is just how much beef jerky usually costs.
Please note the cross post cheers
Lol I've had about 120 trial classes and j have received 1 x $7 bonus :)
For tax reasons the owners are not allowed to live there year round? How on earth does this work? Never heard of a tax law that says you may not live in your house all year round. That's a shame it is isolated. It looks like a really great idea. It could easily be constructed somewhere more central with better access to facilities. Small and eck friendly living is becoming more and more popular. You could make the houses slightly bigger even be in sure it will be fine.
you guys are idiots for buying huawei phones
From one Chinese phone to another lol you keep making the same mistake
Don't make shit up then
You should be saying bye bye Huawei
Lol wow one Chinese phone instead of another Chinese phone big deal
Same thing buddy. And they all have backdoors for the Chinese govt.
Um
But bing is unblocked in China because they meet chinas request to censor whatever terms and results they like. So I won't use Bing.
Why not high key
Downloading apps is so weird
Yeah well how could you be mad about something happening when it doesn't happen anymore unless you held a grudge about it and regularly recalled it after you moved out and it still made you angry
The only kind of correct lol
Yeah that
Nothing really happened when you think about it tbh. Just went to a shack built by a homeless person at night. The scary part is the way it's written makes you feel OPs fear, so I guess it's well written. But if you analyse it objectively nothing much happened.
&gt;but the bottom line is it's a procession of people playing drums and stuff ... &gt;Oh yeah, and they aren't people. Well that's a pretty shitty bottom line.
It's pretty bad actually regardless of the price
Lol what do you want? Tax free interest? Do you really think that sounds fair?
What a pathetic idea lol
Pathetic
No you're doing it totally wrong I can't believe it
Too much stuff
1. Why? 2. Never said it was
Has more of a 1640s vibe to me
Great videos. I already subscribed a couple weeks ago. Start a Patreon.
Don't panic bro lol
Did you eat the peach though? Or is it just plastic :/
Nah not at all
The real moral of this story is if you want to avoid the raids, don't go to China.
Oh wow a gay joke lol how clever 🙄
Yes highly recommend
不喜歡
What the actual F. This is me right now except in at the park going for a walk with my dog, listening to music and eating an apple.
Don't worry you still look gay to me
How do you know that?
He would probably just think it's a cocky pick up line actually
I’m sorry you feel the need to insert cliche sorry comments like this. I wish you a wonderful and great commenting future.
Under rated comment
repooost
unlikely
Well you’re 16 where do u wanna go rofl
Thanks. Sorry.
I changed my mind. Your comment was a nice one. I apologise.
Seems very unlikely
It’s the most real answer. Every other answer is just bitcoin. Very shallow.
Why would the most judgemental sort by new? That seems a stretch.
As the brother of a son of a teacher, I can third this.
You knows that’s not actually the definition of homosapiens right?
Plato’s definition of a man is not actually the definition of Homo sapiens. Homo sapiens is one species of human. Homo sapiens are not the first mammals to be featherless and bipedal.
A tiny little more volume on the sides just means wait 2 days it will grow out cant have perfect hair cut every day
Good luck protecting yourself from murderers
This is a bit of a straw man
I don’t really see an issue here. Just say no. It’s not belong in this sub.
Why can’t they? It’s the biggest company in the world.
?
Name him in the title. Don’t trash the reputation of the office or country by just making it generic Australian PM. It’s Australian Prime Minister Scott Morrison.
Why are gay men in their thirties giving the most brutally honest opinions? Is this some stupid stereotype?
5.3
Lol you don’t seem to know much about anything that you recommend or reminded by or whatever?
I give 8/10
That is DANGEROUS WATXH OUT FOR THAT DRY WALL
Eat it
What is orange theory please?
I prefer to eat human shit than pancakes. Stop karma farming.
It looks beautiful
Dude just ignore feng Shui rules. It’s based on nothing basically.
Would be interested to see modsy’s initial design
why
How so?!
Yes
Not an inclusive or. The mods on this sub don’t know what they’re doing. Sometimes they ban anything very strictly and now the leave this one and it’s not even close. Make up your mind on the rules of the sub.
Wtf is a mocha latte and why is it not just a mocha?
You can just call it a mocha in the future. Latte is a different drink
What’s it called
Lol it didn’t come up?
Something about this place creeps me out.
Why would you need to turn off the security system when inviting ppl to paint your shop?!
Take one when you’re not then mb?
Link or it didn’t happen
How’d you exit
I mean she’s not suffering any consequences from this. It’s not like anyone expects her to expect what happened and handle it 100% smoothly. Seriously her co anchor is like right at the bottom of considerations in a situation like this. It’s hardly throwing her under the bus.
I’m surprised you don’t have any spartan DNA
No inclusive or
Lol u don’t need to be Albert Einstein to understand that’s going to happen when you leave water out for two days
Under rated comment
It’s common knowledge there are machines out there in the possession of law enforcement that can get into any iPhone. That’s why I’m confused about this article. Just a few weeks ago Hong Kong police broke into Joshua wongs iPhone.
That’s not rly the point
Asus zenfone
Why? Who r u?
I agree. Also when he seems to be out of ideas for his weekly videos he seems to just post an interview that’s more suited to a podcast. Feels like easy content.
Nah... if I went to buy this I would definitely look at the label to see what I’m actually buying. I don’t understand people who claim that looking at what they’re actually buying before just mindlessly chucking it in their shopping cart because the photo looks good is too hard. Is that really something people do?
Omg yes. Can confirm. Also have been doing this since I was a kid. You have to chew up quite a few though to get a good amount on top of 1 non chewed one and then eat it like that, so it kind of feels like a rip off when you finally get to eat lol as if you got to eat less.
What’s the desk pad for?
What r u meant to do with this information?
These were funny at the the time but now just gotten old
But that’s not the point
Lol
It could apply to any club or any place tho so
This is a 6 not 6s
It’s hard to see for me, because the photos are not equal. The second one seems much better quality photo, better light etc. first one looks like you are standing in the dark shadow and is a lower quality photo. hard to compare.
So because this is a gay sub you can just make a meme about literally anything universal but try turn it into a gay meme? This is stupid
lower
Where’dbyou find him
As declared by the German Government Meme Bureau
Oh very nice I see what you did there. You turned the jars around 180 degrees lol. Clever
Oh yeah
Don’t think this is the marines
Well how am I supposed to know...
And as someone else said, the reason you give is actually an argument for it being applied after tax.
No it’s not. She was just ecstatic that she kissed either of them. She was as excited that she was gonna kiss the first guy as she was when she switched. If she had money on it she’d be happy for one and not the other.
I mean he is ok lol not that hard to do that
Might have*
You got it wrong. You literally could have just googled it and read the latest news.
Get that piece of cloth or whatever off the wall
Lol sorry but that’s ridiculous. Filipinos are very good at English, many have native level fluency. Taiwanese English skills doesn’t even come close.
Well it’s a different country though
What would political issues have to do with it?
Why would you use WeChat in Taiwan?
Wow that’s clever!
Yes. That’s all you can do. Nothing in life matters. When you feel happy for a moment, just enjoy it and hope it lasts.
They’re not chinese, they’re Taiwanese. Hardly anyone uses WeChat in Taiwan. Taiwan still mostly use cash, and developing. mobile payments are from local companies and Japanese companies. Line, messenger and Instagram are use much more commonly than wechat. I don’t even think WeChat pay is available in Taiwan other than to Chinese tourists. WeChat pay is only available in very popular Chinese tourist attractions. I saw it maybe accepted at 2 places in the 3 years I was there. Taiwanese people use Facebook, Twitter, instagram etc. is that the same shit as Chinese people use? Lol
Monroe?
Oh gosh what a choice coffee vs water and lentils. I didn’t realise this but is the reason I never have lentils because I chose coffee without realising?
As long as the coffee shop is willing to halve their revenue then yeah
Innovation 💯
Lol just not true
How did you get in here?
But why did they put you in quarantine?
After reading that post I think it’s time for you to leave China. I did and my mental health improved overnight. China doesn’t like or want expats.
Oh but it’s definitely true if it’s crows lol
Yep. If only China realised that, they might stop exporting their viruses to the world.
It’s far too late. They were arresting journalists and citizens for talking about it back in December. Doesn’t get much more cover up than that.
Yeah it really looks under control doesn’t it. Maybe they can arrest more people for talking about it?
If it blows your mind, maybe it shouldn’t. China is not a modern or high tech country at all. China’s tech industry isn’t high tech, they specialise in cheap labour manufacturing high volumes of cheap goods. I lived in Shanghai which is meant to be the advanced capital of China. Don’t let the tall buildings fool you. People are uneducated by design, they’re taught by the CCP what to think instead of how to think. There are wet markets everywhere with people inhumanely killing animals on the spot and at the end of the day they hose down the footpath without an ounce of disinfectant in sight. People cough and spit on the ground, people shove others in lines, nobody goes to help someone if they’re hit by a car. Nothing is done or built properly, everything in everyone I knew apartments was falling apart. Nobody cares about anyone but themselves. And that’s Shanghai, imagine a third tier city. This propaganda image of China being some advanced country has got to go. Advanced countries dont create and export viruses to the rest of the world just because they haven’t learnt how to be clean and wash their hands.
To be fair OP posted about government problems, riots and concentration camps as if it’s some bad luck occurring to China. This is what China (government) wants. OP was the one conflating the government with the people.
The fact that you said get the Chinese equivalent of the FDA to monitor their bat eating alone just shows how little you understand about China. There are no enforceable quality standards in China. That’s why Chinese people who can afford it pay for imported food. China doesn’t work like the west. Business, including government business, is run by red envelope 🧧. Nobody cares about whether your bat is up to health standards if there’s a buck to be made.
No it wasn’t. 31 December is the date chinese authorities realised they can’t hide it anymore and informed their subsidiary the WHO. There was already multiple people infected by then.
Lol please tell me one state in the USA or Canada that can be compared to a third tier Chinese city.
The alternative is we watch the reality of them going back and forth finding a suitable tome, place, swapping addresses, working out how to get there. Nobody wants to watch that. Just assume they plan out the details off screen win the parts we don’t see
Yes. They’re willing to risk global health by excluding Taiwan from WHO just to appease China. They choose politics above health.
Don’t business pay hardly any tax in Ireland? Seems a bit unfair
No inclusive or
She’s talking about Taiwan the whole time
WHO is just a piece of shit subsidiary of China that puts politics above global health
Because WHO puts politics (suck up to China) above global health
The one that didn’t declare he had fever symptoms
Business tax in Ireland is very low is it now? Double Dutch Irish sandwich
What’s the joke
Don’t over exaggerate lol
But Taiwan is not China. Taiwan government doesn’t disappear people.
Yeah well that’s why I didn’t I’d rest and it cos it doesn’t make sense
Me too. I feel like I’m always a Scrooge even though I think I’m saving quite a bit. I’m living in a tiny rental and even though I can afford to upsize I just can’t bring myself to lose the extra $500 per month. How do you know where the line is between reasonable and too OTT? :(
How do you know how much is reasonable?
You’re so smart
As opposed to it being purposely 3 skittles? Lol. Thanks sherlocks
How does that relate at all? And how is having 12 upvotes being down voted?
They need exercise
What’s a socket
Taiwan #1
Wtf r they doing
Context
No. A mocha is not a “kind” of latte. A latte is one drink, a mocha is another. Almost every coffee is espresso and steamed milk. Are they all just “kinds” of lattes? Cappuccino latte anyone?
Yes and the OP had the correct definition. A mocha latte is not a thing.
The first post was right though. A mocha latte is not a thing.
Not sure. Maybe mocha is a more traditional drink than other syrup flavoured coffees. Mochas can be made to a high standard that properly complement the coffee, for example if the cafe uses and melts down their own Belgian chocolate onsite. Good mochas deserve their own name. Caramel latte and the kind really are just lattes almost always with some factory manufactured flavoured syrup poured in.
Coffee is an art. It’s ok if you don’t get it.
Yep. So I think we agree is not a kind of latte. It’s just a mocha.
“Whip” on any coffee is a sin against nature. What does “the brim” mean? Cappuccinos are usually served in smaller cups (and filled to the brim of the cup) and have less milk partly because they have more foam. Is a flat white a kind of latte then? Because latte and flat white are also different due to the milk proportion and amount of foam, which is what you are claiming makes a cappuccino different to a latte. Flat white is also espresso and steamed milk. As I said most coffees are espresso and steamed milk. They are not all just sub categories of lattes LOL. Edit: was a barista, albeit for only three years
Yes why not? Espresso is a popular drink.
Just drink it as a shot. I’m from Australia. Here though the default coffee would be an espresso coffee with milk, most likely flat white.
Ok but it’s not. And I was just extrapolating from your own logic that you used.
This is a massive repost straight from the top posts ever list for this sub
And not just in any other country, but in China of all places. Doing business with China comes with risks doing business in other places don’t. Risks such as a virus epidemic every 15 years. It’s not a coincidence it came from China.
Yeah and if their check up is in China, it’ll probably do more harm than good.
I’m sorry but I still don’t want this? It might be amusing to watch but why would anyone actually want to own this?
Because it’s not a funny story if it’s fake. It’s just a lame lie.
This is so fake and it’s so sad seeing the responses to this. I don’t even understand what’s to admire about someone like this? He skipped the school excursion to charter his own boat because he had money? Ok then so what lol... who cares? Is it because he is rich? So sad.
You don’t need to verify anything just use your common sense.
I wouldn’t feel as good eating food if I knew it came from an unethical company and vice versa so... i think it’s more “childish” not to care about these things and simply going around brainlessly eating anything that looks shiny without considering anything else in the world.
Disagreement about what kind of things then? I can’t imagine anyone refusing to shop somewhere because they disagree about their favourite colour.
Don’t do that. I know the other guy got down voted for saying this but it will fall out. It is not recommended you wash your hair every day.
You mean whilst China denies Taiwan’s request to remove its citizens from Wuhan? And while China circles their country with warplanes and war drills? Mmm...
What r u buying impulsively
So? What are you trying to say?
Um? Do you understand how airplanes work?
I don’t know what you’re confused about?
But I hate the look of obviously waxed eyebrows on men isn’t it?
Those wires though!
Hello thanks i was looking for this information. Does that mean you need to keep a record of which stock you have "sold" for future tax returns? In order to avoid selling the same stock twice? This sounds like it can become very complicated
How do you know its a million plus condo? This could be any kind of space, anywhere. It could be a cheap studio apartment with the bed behind the camera.
How did you research? What resources did you use?
Any audiophile will advise you to never even consider a soundbar
The company won’t know what I’ve done on my tax return though
If I sell one unit of a certain stock, how do they know which unit I’ve actually sold? Whether I sold the one u bought in March for $5 or the one I bought July for $9? They don’t know which unit I calculated my capital gains loss or tax against in my tax return.
Down vote this post to hell
It does apply here. If China wasn’t worried about admitting Taiwan was independent, it would have allowed it to sign a treaty with Hong Kong excluding China.
She probably hasn’t been on many tv shows
I don’t think anyone suggested anyone’s sending suitcases of money lol
Lol you actually think it’s because TLC is concerned about thoroughly documenting their relationship lol ok
!remindme 45 years
Take Uber obviously
That’s the worst of all chinese products you can made. Comes with pre installed tracking technology. Giving away your security buying chinese phones. Surely there’s an alternative. HTC is good
What a waste of money
5
LOL. China is poor
An extra hour at McDonald’s...
Yes?
Why would you wanted to be pandered to by corporations? How degrading
Thanks for bolding the word hypocrites. I guess that means it must be the most severe accusation?
You’re welcome
Oh well now you know
Why would they read it on their phone 🙄
Thanks for the cliche tip amazing
Tik tok fuk off stop using chinese spyware PLEASE
You could be showing any turned on iPhone in the photos
Good point
Are you actually that stupid or do you just think you can say outrageous lies and everyone will believe it? A chinese company has a less than 10% stake in reddit. It’s a little different to being a CCP controlled company like tik tok. Dumb. And to think you believed reddit is a chinese company given all the free information on here including that against the CCP. Some people are clueless beyond belief. EDIT: Nice edit lol. You said Reddit is owned by a chinese company and after my response edited to “backed”. Desperate
Why is hours worked at McDonald’s the standard?
The lie that reddit is owned by a chinese company. Tik tok has CCP party members on its board, just as every medium size company is required. China is not like your country, it’s not about whether a single “Chinese billionaire” harbours secret plans, it’s controlled and regulated by the state who also has full access to all its data. And we also don’t need to assume the database is not stored in the US, it’s a legal requirement that it’s stored in China.
I'm curious why people are using TikTok to make video gifs these days. People have been banned from the reddit sub r/TikTok for posting a single comment about how TikTok censors Tiananmen and Tibet references. Sure would be a shame if others knew about it. https://www.reddit.com/r/news/comments/d948n2/tiktok_censors_references_to_tiananmen_and_tibet?sort=confidence But who cares about that right? It's not like... TikTok Admits It Suppressed Videos by Disabled, Queer, and Fat Creators https://slate.com/technology/2019/12/tiktok-disabled-users-videos-suppressed.html TikTok has been accused of secretly gathering "vast quantities" of user data and sending it to servers in China. https://www.bbc.com/news/amp/business-50640110 TikTok is paying the FTC a fine of $5.7 million for collecting the data of kids under 13. https://www.vox.com/the-goods/2019/2/28/18244996/tiktok-children-privacy-data-ftc-settlement TikTok censors all reference to the Hong Kong protests. https://www.washingtonpost.com/technology/2019/09/15/tiktoks-beijing-roots-fuel-censorship-suspicion-it-builds-huge-us-audience/?noredirect=on TikTok's privacy page admits to collecting as much data as possible, from meta data, GPS location, and pulls all contact information on someone's Facebook and instagram (if connected) and phone, while allowing themselves to use this data for whatever they want. https://www.tiktok.com/legal/privacy-policy?lang=en TikTok has been labeled a "threat to national security" by this USA government. https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=rU0zzHKHxC8 https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=6jOJe9U9Wj8 https://www.nytimes.com/2019/11/01/technology/tiktok-national-security-review.html TikTok is ban from US Navy mobile devices, as it's been declared a cybersecurity threat https://www.theguardian.com/technology/2019/dec/21/us-navy-bans-tiktok-from-mobile-devices-saying-its-a-cybersecurity-threat TikTok had vulnerabilities as recent as last month, which allowed attackers to gain control of users accounts to upload videos or view private videos, while a separate flaw allowed attackers to retrieve personal information from TikTok user accounts through the company’s website. https://www.nytimes.com/2020/01/08/technology/tiktok-security-flaws.html Its almost as if Tiktok is China’s attempt at pushing their propaganda out to the world while also having massive privacy issues. China has realized that to control the global population you have to control social media and what people see. So for the last year they have been pouring a ton of money into getting their social media app to be accepted and widely used- through a campaign of paid content creation/submission, vote manipulation. Once they have widescale buy in, their backdoor monitoring and data collection will have free reign. I find it a worrying trend how easily Reddit is blindly up-voting these gifs and supporting a company with such privacy concerns, an obvious agenda, and that is censoring and controlling the information you see. It's not too late to do something.
You act and sound like you’re around 12 years old, especially lying about editing comments. I hope you’re a young child otherwise I feel quite sorry for you. Tik Toks servers are stored in China. It is a legal requirement for Chinese companies or companies operating in China. That’s why Apple had to move its servers for those whose Apple ID location is China. https://medium.com/faun/understanding-chinas-data-security-law-an-intro-for-foreign-businesses-bedc7105231
I’m not mad. I can tell you’re totally ignorant, that’s all. It’s not propaganda or conspiracy theories, it’s facts which you can research yourself. I just gave you about 10 links to reputable sources. Besides the fact that I have lived in China now for several years and speak fluent Chinese. It’s understandable you don’t know how China works, I didn’t realise the extent of things until I moved here, but you shouldn’t pretend you do. Plus it should have become more obvious over the last year or so at least. It’s funny how easy you got triggered to the point of lying about editing comments lol.
Not that many. Most are on desktops
So retire
Oh he’s worth staying up to save his health or life thanks for clearing that up wow you really sacrificed it big time this is a big one
It was that authoritian government that absolutely destroyed chinas economy and saw millions of people literally starve to death during the cultural devolution and great leap backwards. If you’re going to credit them with a “rapid rise”, you also need to credit them with putting their country in such a terrible position in the first place and having a very low bar from which to start this supposed rise. I too could increase my personal GDP 100,000% in a year if I first destroy it to 0.1.
South Korea has much stronger allies than Russia
Taiwan has nothing to do with one country two systems
I agree. It may be sarcastic but it still promotes China’s ridiculous narrative. Ignoring Chinas stupid claims is much more powerful. Politics 101 Constantly repeating a lie, people will eventually believe it.
Nobody cares about China’s stupid propaganda. Even if your comment is sarcastic it’s stupid. I don’t need to see their propaganda every time I see a fukin map of Asia or Taiwan or China.
They’re probably as much part of Asia as Russia is. When it comes to football, Australia is part of the Asian confederation whilst Russia is part of the European!
Yes understandably. They get favourable treatment while spending billions on overseas propaganda and bad loans. They do not deserve developing country status, but they sure fight tooth and nail to keep it.
Probably happened once in hundreds of thousands of lessons
I still don’t see the need for you to bring up chinese propaganda on a discussion about a perfectly normal map. You are actually just helping to spread their propaganda
Which one are you?
He just wanted a cake like normal kids nothing amazing
Do you oppose the CCP or not?
Why is this news and why are you posting this here? Have we really reached the point where referring to Taiwan correctly and normally is newsworthy? Referring to Taiwan as a country is normal and has been for decades or centuries. Make news about when government websites refer to Taiwan as a province of China, because that’s not normal. By celebrating a reference to Taiwan as a country as if its some amazing outlier you are actually just helping Chinese propaganda, you are saying this is the newsworthy story and the normal story is when it’s referred to as China. Businesses and people see this kind of thing and it makes them think the neutral option is to call Taiwan part of China. Posting shit like this shows we are losing.
They had it for like 20 years or so
So it should
&gt;Have you seen the futures you twat !remindme 3 days
!remindme 2 weeks
You guys laugh, but this I’d actually a thing in China https://wonderfulengineering.com/chinese-quantum-speed-reading-technique-lets-you-learn-100000-words-in-5-minutes/
They were probably ordinary Chinese recruited by actual Chinese spies. This is a regular tactic. China probably doesn’t care a couple random Chinese go to jail for a few years given the potential pay off.
What’s going on in the after photo?
Why don’t they just make it a podcast already?
Brilliant
How so?
up
No they weren't. Only dumb people blamed Chinese people in the US for starting the China virus, it certainly wasn't common. Nobody mainstream was doing that. If you can't tell the difference between blaming the Chinese government and blaming Chinese people that's on you.
I don't think this is comparable at all to the case you cited
Who decided on that definition of leftist?
What did you expect? Why would you expect special treatment for Asian owned businesses during the china virus outbreak?
China Originated Viral Infectious Disease?
Why am I getting down voted? What’s wrong with podcasts?
25k
The article doesn’t prove anything. There is always racism, but people blaming asian people for the China virus was a minority. Trump called it the chinese virus a couple times after China started saying the virus originated in the US. And so what were you wanting for chinese businesses? How about foreign owned businesses in China when China started calling it the American virus, when they started evicting Africans from their own apartments and banning perfectly healthy foreigners from entering supermarkets, restaurants and pharmacies in China based on nothing but the shape of our eyes? I hope you complain about the term “Japanese encephalitis” too.
So why did you bring up the fact that Spanish flu doesn’t actually come from Spain then? Does it mdjr any difference? Are you suggesting it would actually be better we name the China virus over a country other than China? Or that next time a flu (unlikely) originates outside of China, only then we should call it China virus, and then it’s ok? Just wondering what was the point of your comment and why you assume the person who said Spanish flu didn’t know it didn’t actually came from Spain as they never said it did.
The reason he said Spanish flu was to demonstrate the fact that we actually do name viruses after places. Why is it different all of a sudden just because it’s China? What’s so special about China that doesn’t apply to Spain, Japan, Hong Kong (chinese people don’t bat an eyelid at the name Hong Kong Foot Disease), several African places and US places?
It doesn’t matter whether or not it originated in Spain, the fact is that it is named after a place. If we change it from China virus to Russia virus because it didn’t originate in Russia then that’s ok?
He is not a car company just shares the same name
I doubt it. China does not hold much influence in the football world.
As I have said now several times, the reason they brought up Spanish flu was precisely because we do name many illnesses after places. Like the Spanish flu. Like Hong Kong foot in Chinese, it is not called athletes foot in Chinese it is called Hong Kong foot. Japanese encephalitis. Zeka virus. Ebola virus. Middle Eastern Respiratory Syndrome. Do you actually think this is not a thing?
Those 2 videos show a pretty good results? The first one, if you check his most recent video, it has turned out quite well after 7 months...
A teacher should have low qualifications? Wow
How do you know he is younger?
He wasn’t inexperienced at all
Exactly what I thought lol. A whole lot of grandeur about what reddit should and shouldn’t be be about and how apparently nobody on reddit knows how to write and then he contradicts his main point. What a fool.
Um he kinda has a point though. It was a stupid joke that deserved this response.
Surprised he made it to $1m with this kind of question
How
Literally if you picked a few stocks over indexes during the last couple months you would have outperformed the market by far. You are the one trying to give dodgy advice.
Because the gains people made by buying individual stocks far outweighed the gains you’re going to make by cost averaging down. You don’t know what negligent means.
20 years is far too long. This is meant to be retire early
Agree. I’m about to give up. Probably just do a few mini retirements instead and just retire at normal age or later than normal. Waiting til your old to retire what’s the point
who cares nobody knows its fine as it is if it bothers you that much then change it that's all there is to it
Yes but don't say that in here. You'll get shouted at. This sub is about INDEX ONLY averaging down ALWAYS
Who is gonna stop u lol why not
First translation is accurate, second could mean female teacher but 女老 usually means old lady
It does nothing draw out “bad things” from your body
2014 was still a very different time. The umbrella movement was for political change the protest was to find a political solution. There is no local political solution anymore for Hong Kong. Just mass arrests, mass “suicides” and the CCP totally bypassing Hong Kong’s constitution you do whatever it wants.
There are hundreds of missing countries don’t worry
Umm I would never agree to this. Why is it so hard to say no? Why are you so concerned about appearing “suspicious”? Literally just say no.... lol
Ouch
Does it hurt? How long did that take? Is there any risk to having so many all done at once?
Honestly, be real. Trump has done more to counter China than anyone else has done. What did Obama do? Nothing. China built fake islands and have now annexed the South China Sea under him. Bush? And Clinton? Well he just beats them all and is partly responsible for this mess we’re all in now. And you think Biden (!!!!) is going to do a better job at opposing China? You say you want this to be a bipartisan issue, then why don’t you act like it? Trump has done more than anyone else against China, just because you don’t like him you can recognise this fact, and it doesn’t mean you are now a trump supporter. THIS is why we can’t have a bipartisan stance against China.
That’s true
Can u do it for me
The doctor I went to said that wearing a hat will make it worse
Because of the heat
I am shocked this would be removed in the first place. Part of avoiding Chinese products is obviously removing chinese software. Zoom is a chinese product. Very disappointing actually. Does the mod own shares in zoom or what? I really can’t understand it. How is it any more political than any other Chinese product?
Obviously this doesn’t apply to people who don’t have hair loss issues. Nobody said wearing a hat causes baldness.
You’re gay
So why are you talking about your scalp when we are talking about hair? You wearing a hat 38 hours a week and then having a wonderful scalp is meant to show what in a discussion about how wearing a hat fastens hair loss?
What do you think she’s going to do? Run at him screaming and crying? Shoot him? Scratch his face? Pull his hairs out? Pop his tyres?
You are a pioneer of philosophical studies
What do you think she’s gonna do? Run at him screaming and crying and scratch his face?
Oh god heaven forbid you spell IAN wrong!!!!
Better sell then
Lol this is a polite way to insult
She did raise her voice. No it must be your first instinct though because she’s acting like any normal person would but you seem to think she’s done such a great job at being calm and classy. Seems you aren’t aware of your own internalised racism.
Well they’re a chinese company. Chinese products are not known for quality
I do. I’d prefer to buy the iPhone model with less chinese made components for ethical reasons.
It was one of the reasons I bought a made in Taiwan HTC U11, my first android phone, in 2016/17. But I missed Apple and I trust Apple more than Google. All the high value components in iPhones are not chinese made.... except for this BOE screen now I guess.... so
I know you were a different person, but you seem to agree. And no I didn’t insinuate she might act that way, I was asking why would you think she would act any differently to how she did? You are the one who thinks she acting quite normally is amazing. Shows you are unaware of your own racist stereotypes.
If I’m projecting you’re just being explicitly racist
If a contacting party is willing to pay extra for quality, they don’t go to China.
Were they made with predominantly chinese components? You may want to check that.
I don’t know why people are bringing race into this. All I said was she acted like a normal person nothing about her race. I don’t know what people expect? Maybe the average situation is someone going crazy and throwing knives at him or something but just not in my experience?
Not sure what we can do about Chinese buying universal? Sometimes we rely on the government to protect us and this is where they need to be stepping in.
Holding China accountable is “sinophobic” now?
Well I’m not from America, and I used to live in Shanghai, so?
What do I mean? I mean Chinese products are not known for quality. iPhones are not chinese products they are made in China.
I guess thats fine then if they cleaned it up a day later more Chinese tourists should do it
The parents probably thought it was hilarious at the time. Their little prince a part of history forever
Lol racist how?
Yes they excel at making large quantities of cheap goods and utilising labour exploration and slavery to make them. Thank you for making my exact point for me and calling me racist at the same time lol.
You don’t think cheap labour is a factor when workers are getting get paid $100-300 month? Sometimes the companies that run the manufacturing are not even chinese in the first place, they are in China and build their own factories in China specifically to utilise china’s labour exploration market, for example.... hmm... iPhone manufacturer Foxconn! I think you should know what you’re talking about before you go calling people racist lol and “uninformed” (ironic) and learn what the word racist means
It’s obviously not actually bought from a store lol
It’s not real obviously
Not at $15 lol
With the way China is going are you sure you can expect a more inclusive environment in the future?
They do care China’s LGBT community has had a tough year: censors have shut down social media forums, news media have curbed coverage of gay issues, and online shops have removed rainbow-themed products. https://www.scmp.com/news/china/politics/article/3010475/fewer-rainbows-less-social-media-chinas-lgbt-community As Taiwan legalized gay marriage, China shut down its most iconic lesbian social media platform https://qz.com/1020474/as-taiwan-legalized-gay-marriage-china-shut-down-its-most-iconic-lesbian-social-media-platform/
Well I think it’s not true that the government doesn’t care. They actively suppress it. Not completely, but they still do.
Taiwan did not leave from the real China. Taiwan is its own.
Civil war where? Civil war means a war within one country
How come? I think it would be strongly united against China
Give me $20 and I’ll tell you
Taiwan is its own country now. China is not Taiwan’s responsibility and Taiwanese people have no interest in ruling over China.
The population who fled the CCP is not really that high anymore if you’re talking about the 1949 migration. A 20 year old back then would now be 90 years old and each successive generation sees themselves as Chinese less and less. Overwhelming majority of young Taiwanese see themselves as exclusively Taiwanese. Why would they when they’ve grown up their whole life in Taiwan
I speak for myself. What I say is based on my experience living in Taiwan and on polls and data
Well please read carefully next time. I am just meant to agree with the others giving China to be my country’s responsibility when it has nothing to do with China?
Well it should be obvious that I don’t mean every single person, however I do mean that is the common consensus 共識 of the Taiwanese people. And it’s a fairly common way to express that. It’s like saying the Taiwanese people prefer democracy over communism, or that the Taiwanese people elected tsai ing wen. It is obvious to anyone with common sense that that doesn’t mean that every single person voted for her.
You don’t like my money making scheme?
Actively suppressing gay people and gay groups, news, apps, media... seems pretty homophobic regardless who is doing it and the end effect is........
I know what your saying, but hiring a personal trainer does not equal instant results. You need to work for it
Is his arse real cos yeah
Why do you call annoying stuff gay? It’s very offensive
You should stop
I think you should stop now. It’s unhelpful to other gay people who may not be secure about themselves to hear others using gay as a synonym for something terrible. You don’t need to use gay as a slur to feel better about yourself
It’s not meaningless. It has a lot of meaning and can be very damaging. It associates GAY with a everything bad or annoying.
It’s called rude and offensive.
So what you’re saying is that my local PC repair shop cannot afford to pay its employees as much as Apple can? Mind. Blown.
Why snap chat
There’s no such thing as a “listening corner”. I’ll send you to the naughty corner though
How sad
266 upvotes. Ok then
Don’t like it. Looks tacky
Poor kangroo
Not all Taiwanese are Han
Donate the money you make beyond $16/hr then. You won’t feel guilty anymore you’ll probably feel even better.
In what world do you get to rent an apartment for free just for having a large deposit?
You’re probably lucky it was an inch long then
No they’re technically gloves
No why would I be joking lol
That’s what they all say
Sad representation of Chinese people. This is very typical beliefs of Chinese people which I learned from my time living there. The CCP has become worse and worse and keeps whipping up nationalistic fervour and teaching it’s kids propaganda. So sad. Chinese people think China is the best and everyone else is the enemy.
Simp
Reading? Lol. Come on. That’s not what for “reading nooks” are for. Once you’ve got a “reading nook” you’re set. No need for reading.
lol that’s not she Eames chair hahaha
It really can’t and it’s really not. The government says to get angry at Korea and the whole country starts destroying Korean franchise Lotte. That’s just one example. China is not the west, it’s certainly not a mirror. It’s totally different and it’s totally opposed to the west and our system. China is able to mobilise huge majority of its country through nationalistic fervour. Chinese people are exposed to propaganda all day and their whole life. Everything is controlled by the CCP. The whole media is controlled by the CCP. All the villains in tv dramas are Japanese. I don’t think you understand China very well. It is nothing like any western country I’ve ever been to.
Not sure if you mean 40 lesbians or 1 x 40 year old lesbian ....
What’s the best option?
They probably were fireworks. It’s not that creepy. You’re both in the same area of course you’re both going to hear the fireworks in the area.
It’s not an exaggeration
We know it’s not your home country otherwise you’d be there. It’s not your home while the CCP is in control. They would never let it be a home to you.
Too high
Pretty sure it’s a guy
It’s a bit offensive. Obviously they are calling him they because he acts or looks feminine to them. I don’t think we should go start calling feminine guys or masculine girls they unless you’re gonna call everyone they. It’s a bit presumptuous otherwise. If I was a feminine guy I would be like why the fk r u calling me “they”. Rude imo.
So you’re telling me if that was a masculine guy in the video they would be calling him they and not him?
That’s just not reality and you know it.
Is he non binary? You shouldn’t assume feminine guys are non binary.
Yes. So you are assuming because he is feminine. I know lots of feminine guys who identify as male. Absolutely offensive to go around calling feminine guys they because you think they’re feminine. Unless you call every one they, which people do not do.
It’s only inclusive if you call everyone they. This is clearly targeted at someone because they are feminine. You do realise men are allowed to be feminine?
So what does it have to do with then? Why choose this guy in particular to refer to as they?
They do not refer to everyone as they. You’re the one making assumptions.
Because I don’t live on Jupiter
Yeah I’m 99% sure he’s a guy it’s pretty obvious don’t you think?
Ah ok. Well I can tell it’s a guy pretty easily. I hope you give everyone the same benefit of the doubt then and not just someone who doesn’t conform to your personal standards of what is binary or what is male and what isn’t.
Ok well then you never know unless they tell. So please apply the same standard not just to people who you think you are not sure of, but to everybody from now on. You should know that men are allowed to be feminine, and women are allowed to be masculine without being misgendered. All I’m asking is that you treat everyone the same. Treating people according to how you view them is not treating everyone the same. You should be aware your personal standards may not be the same as others.
Yes I find that is offensive to see others misgender people. It’s a common way to insult gay people too, by misgendering them. It’s also a common misconception in some places that all gay people want to be the other gender or are the other gender.
What do you like about the penghu?
That’s great. Maybe chinese people can import Australian goods legally then and pay the tax on it instead if stuffing it in the suitcases of “tourists”. If a company wants to run a business on this model then I hope they do go down then. But I don’t think they will, I think think you are far over emphasising the affect this would have in chemist warehouse.
Great. Give the place to a local Australian. Less bonuses based on numbers of Chinese enrolments for Uni executives. Integrity for our universities. Win win for the country.
Have a look at what’s happened to other countries that are over reliant on China economically and you may begin to understand.
Yeah people seem to think China buys from us out of charity lol. As if they don’t get or need anything from trade with us. They buy from us because we deliver value that others don’t, and because they need our exports. I don’t know where this server inferiority complex comes from.
People like you get so scared to oppose China or to move away economically from China that it’s just as good as loans. You want to keep relying on China economically, what do you think will happen when 90% of our trade is with China and China threatens us with whatever they want? Is that a better time to stand up to China than now? Or are you willing to do whatever they want for their money?
You don’t need to clarify for this troll. The word “Chinese” or “China” in whatever context has become racist to some people. These are people who are trying to turn a perfectly fine ethnicity into a racist term. Ironic.
I’d also like to see what happens to China’s economy when they stop buying from us. Seems people still haven’t learnt from the trade war with the US. You were all out there saying how they US economy was going to collapse, but in the end it’s China that’s paid the bigger price. How interesting. China does not buy from Australia out of charity. It cannot just press the stop buy button without massive effects on itself. Where does this severe inferiority complex come from?
Countries are grouping up now more so than in a long time
It might be time to keep our housing for Australians to, I don’t know, live in? Time to ban Chinese investments in residential property like New Zealand did a few years ago.
Some jobs may be affected in the short term, but longer term it would be a great thing for our economy and our country. Relying too much on any one country, particularly when it’s a global bully and authoritarian regime with atrocious human rights, is not good for any country. This needs to be used as a turning point to heavily reduce our trade with China. And one thing I can promise is that that is one thing China does not want, below the bravado China will do whatever it can to make us fully economically reliable on them. They have shown they have great interest in our country.
The figure is not important mate
I wish this title was just “Taiwan could soon have US navy style torpedos”. Why does everything to do with Taiwan need to be reported from the lens of China? Over it
But then aren’t you just putting off paying tax for later, at which point you’re going to be paying massive CGT?
What does the “width” measurement mean in their site? How to know if it will fit?
You must have missed the whole trade war thing if you don’t think China is “picking a fight” with the US. You think Australia is the only country China is “picking a fight” with? Rofl. Just the past week they’ve ramped up their attacks on India’s border, made their 4th intrusion into Taiwanese airspace in a week, further annexed the South China Sea, I could go on and on.
China is buying more agricultural goods from the US is because that’s just what they negotiated some months/a year ago as they were massively suffering from the trade war with the US. Perhaps we can learn something, namely that being a little assertive might help, rather than simply caving into the demands of a murderous regime. If your input as a finance person is that losing business with our largest trade partner will have an affect in our economy you must be incredibly proud. I think a primary schooler can come to that conclusion. There’s more facets to international relations that you need to consider before going around touting that we should be at the behest or chairman Xi.
Yeah it seems they love it a little bit too much when they go expelling Australians for speaking out against the CCP. Perhaps we should take away their government funding as it seems they prefer to live off chinese student funding
That’s good. Another sector that needs to change its strategy away from over reliance on one foreign market.
Having good relationships with neighbours is a two way thing. China is a global bully who is picking fights with everyone. The thing you seem to misunderstand as an wumao is that we are friends with the USA and not China because we hVe a common belief in democracy and the rule of law. We don’t believe everything is up for sale in the west. China increased their agricultural products bought from the USA because they agreed to it one year ago as part of the trade war which they are severely suffering from. Australia should learn from that and be aggressive towards China. China does not hold all the cards. Their (richer) people are sick of poisonous milk powder, produce grown in poisonous air etc.
Lol
Absolutely not. Won’t ever help anyone make the mistake of installing this chinese junk spyware on their phone
Why should she
Boycott newtegg
What career
Fair enough
It’s not like properties are that cheap elsewhere. He didn’t even give a figure for what price he was looking at. Could be a small 1 bedroom in the outer suburbs
I agree with you but I’m not happy about it. I hate going to work, I hate having annoying bosses. I earn well at the moment but I’m not going to last long in this job before I take another mini retirement. I will have saved a bit but not enough to FIRE early. I hate the fact that the E in RE is usually not that E unless you’re earning mega bucks and don’t take time off while you’re young. I’m waiting another 2.5 years before my next (3rd) mini retirement I’m 30 now. Waiting til I’m 50 just can’t handle to think about that.
“Asians can’t be bad” Uighur Muslim, East Turkestan Falling gong practitioner, China Tibetan citizen
Probably would do it after saving $250k. Seriously there are so many resources for this. You should have 25x ur annual spend invested. U wants a buffer then make it 30. Who cares.
Is it a repooost
That’s right. How rude to call Taiwan a “chinese democracy”. Taiwan has a culture and identity totally seperate to that of China. It’s not chinese
Correct
Well I tried it and it just opened my Apple Pay.....
Well just a couple months ago the Hong Kong police confirmed they hacked into democracy activist’s Joshua Wong’s iPhone using Israeli software in court documents. They were unable to unlock his colleague’s android phone. This really surprised me tbh. What is the implication of this? If there is software that can do that than maybe everyone needs to assume it is foreigners conclusion.
I don’t think so I’m using XR
What do u mean break even? iPhone 11 would give you the best screen. XR performance is just as good imo, but you will get a downgraded screen. Might be worth to check out the screens in store
Wallet day is the worst. 5 days a week. Hate it
Wow do you have a PhD in English literature?
Lol it’s just a sea. How can you tell that a city must be marvellous based on a view of the sea!? I know some really average cities that happen to have access to a sea.
Apple never said your iPhone isn’t secure with a 4 digit passcode. And 4 digits was the default for a long time. Doesn’t make sense at all to just say oh it because he had a 4 digit pass code. Seems like an easy way to dismiss as a problem and forget about it with your extra two digit passcode when there seems to be a real problem.
This isn’t a virus or a hack or something. Struggling to think of a situation where the intruder wouldn’t have physical possession of your phone. Would you just be holding your phone while voluntarily allowing them to hack in?
No the screw would need to be screwed into something to be loose. It’s not loose, its not screwed into anything at all.
Agree
Misleading post. Why are you comparing the number he claims was requested with how many attended? Why don’t you compare the number he claimed attended with the number who attended? Or the number he claimed requested tickets to the number who actually did claim requested tickets? This is just too obviously an attempt to misuse data to mislead. Misinformation is against the subs rules.
That’s like comparing the number of people who tried to buy World Cup final tickets to the final attendance in the stadium and then using a misleading graph to say FIFA is lying. Truthfulness of his claims aside, they’re two different datas.
Do you actually believe them?
Sell everything all in on afterpay any reason why not
No, that is it
I’ve wanted to travel to Lanyu for a long time. What do you think about travel to there? Would you recommend? What did you do? Thanks
I'm curious why people are using TikTok to make video gifs these days. People have been banned from the reddit sub r/TikTok for posting a single comment about how TikTok censors Tiananmen and Tibet references. Sure would be a shame if others knew about it. https://www.reddit.com/r/news/comments/d948n2/tiktok_censors_references_to_tiananmen_and_tibet?sort=confidence But who cares about that right? It's not like... TikTok Admits It Suppressed Videos by Disabled, Queer, and Fat Creators https://slate.com/technology/2019/12/tiktok-disabled-users-videos-suppressed.html TikTok has been accused of secretly gathering "vast quantities" of user data and sending it to servers in China. https://www.bbc.com/news/amp/business-50640110 TikTok was found to be suppressing videos from black content creators https://www.cnn.com/2020/05/19/us/tiktok-black-lives-matter-trnd/index.html TikTok is paying the FTC a fine of $5.7 million for collecting the data of kids under 13. https://www.vox.com/the-goods/2019/2/28/18244996/tiktok-children-privacy-data-ftc-settlement TikTok censors all reference to the Hong Kong protests. https://www.washingtonpost.com/technology/2019/09/15/tiktoks-beijing-roots-fuel-censorship-suspicion-it-builds-huge-us-audience/?noredirect=on TikTok's privacy page admits to collecting as much data as possible, from meta data, GPS location, and pulls all contact information on someone's Facebook and instagram (if connected) and phone, while allowing themselves to use this data for whatever they want. https://www.tiktok.com/legal/privacy-policy?lang=en TikTok has been labeled a "threat to national security" by this USA government. https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=rU0zzHKHxC8 https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=6jOJe9U9Wj8 https://www.nytimes.com/2019/11/01/technology/tiktok-national-security-review.html TikTok is ban from US Navy mobile devices, as it's been declared a cybersecurity threat https://www.theguardian.com/technology/2019/dec/21/us-navy-bans-tiktok-from-mobile-devices-saying-its-a-cybersecurity-threat TikTok had vulnerabilities as recent as last month, which allowed attackers to gain control of users accounts to upload videos or view private videos, while a separate flaw allowed attackers to retrieve personal information from TikTok user accounts through the company’s website. https://www.nytimes.com/2020/01/08/technology/tiktok-security-flaws.html Its almost as if Tiktok is China’s attempt at pushing their propaganda out to the world while also having massive privacy issues. China has realized that to control the global population you have to control social media and what people see. So for the last year they have been pouring a ton of money into getting their social media app to be accepted and widely used- through a campaign of paid content creation/submission, vote manipulation. Once they have widescale buy in, their backdoor monitoring and data collection will have free reign. I find it a worrying trend how easily Reddit is blindly up-voting these gifs and supporting a company with such privacy concerns, an obvious agenda, and that is censoring and controlling the information you see. It's not too late to do something.
They focus on tiktok because it’s popular, chinese spyware and with a host of other privacy and security issues. You can’t just get all positive media coverage about memes and happy dances and then expect not to get focus when something bad happens and when u r Chinese government controlled spyware and propaganda.
Tracking of dissidents within its own borders? You mean like how WeChat and the whole suite of chinese spyware propaganda apps is censored in the west? You try posting about Tiananmen in June. When Zoom shuts down a meeting between Tiananmen Square massacre survivors who live in the USA? Like Swedish citizen Gui Minhai being disappeared while in Thailand, then being snatched on a train while travelling with Swedish diplomats? Like the disappearing Hong Kong bookstore sellers, snatched while in Hong Kong where China does not have authority to do so? Yes, who cares about Chinese censorship. Very inward looking in its own borders.
I wouldn’t give you my password either. Apple repair store gives u the option not to and they can test your computer using a seperate boot up disk.
Just wouldn’t give my password to a stranger
Well that’s you. You know what you do. I don’t know what other people will do.
Teacher Ben is either on a lower wage than you or the lowest step mark thing
Wjy
China is not like the west. There is no question about the Chinese government being “invested” in an app like tiktok. The Chinese government controls everything coming out of China. It is a requirement. There are CCP party members on the board of any mid size or higher company. There are no privacy or security regulations, unlike the west. These apps are made for this exact purpose, to control their citizens and for overseas propaganda. They reverse engineer any western app that becomes popular, ban the western version and force Chinese people into the Chinese government controlled version. No offence but it is so sad and disheartening to see how ignorant people are. There is no equivalency between China and the west. At least there are privacy regulations and a real judicial and legal system. In China 99.9% of cases end in a conviction and people get arrested for making political jokes on WeChat. If you want to complain about your data on WeChat or tiktok you can just disappear into a concentration camp.
m curious why people are using TikTok to make video gifs these days. People have been banned from the reddit sub r/TikTok for posting a single comment about how TikTok censors Tiananmen and Tibet references. Sure would be a shame if others knew about it. https://www.reddit.com/r/news/comments/d948n2/tiktok_censors_references_to_tiananmen_and_tibet?sort=confidence But who cares about that right? It's not like... TikTok Admits It Suppressed Videos by Disabled, Queer, and Fat Creators https://slate.com/technology/2019/12/tiktok-disabled-users-videos-suppressed.html TikTok has been accused of secretly gathering "vast quantities" of user data and sending it to servers in China. https://www.bbc.com/news/amp/business-50640110 TikTok was found to be suppressing videos from black content creators https://www.cnn.com/2020/05/19/us/tiktok-black-lives-matter-trnd/index.html TikTok is paying the FTC a fine of $5.7 million for collecting the data of kids under 13. https://www.vox.com/the-goods/2019/2/28/18244996/tiktok-children-privacy-data-ftc-settlement TikTok censors all reference to the Hong Kong protests. https://www.washingtonpost.com/technology/2019/09/15/tiktoks-beijing-roots-fuel-censorship-suspicion-it-builds-huge-us-audience/?noredirect=on TikTok's privacy page admits to collecting as much data as possible, from meta data, GPS location, and pulls all contact information on someone's Facebook and instagram (if connected) and phone, while allowing themselves to use this data for whatever they want. https://www.tiktok.com/legal/privacy-policy?lang=en TikTok has been labeled a "threat to national security" by this USA government. https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=rU0zzHKHxC8 https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=6jOJe9U9Wj8 https://www.nytimes.com/2019/11/01/technology/tiktok-national-security-review.html TikTok is ban from US Navy mobile devices, as it's been declared a cybersecurity threat https://www.theguardian.com/technology/2019/dec/21/us-navy-bans-tiktok-from-mobile-devices-saying-its-a-cybersecurity-threat TikTok had vulnerabilities as recent as last month, which allowed attackers to gain control of users accounts to upload videos or view private videos, while a separate flaw allowed attackers to retrieve personal information from TikTok user accounts through the company’s website. https://www.nytimes.com/2020/01/08/technology/tiktok-security-flaws.html Its almost as if Tiktok is China’s attempt at pushing their propaganda out to the world while also having massive privacy issues. China has realized that to control the global population you have to control social media and what people see. So for the last year they have been pouring a ton of money into getting their social media app to be accepted and widely used- through a campaign of paid content creation/submission, vote manipulation. Once they have widescale buy in, their backdoor monitoring and data collection will have free reign. I find it a worrying trend how easily Reddit is blindly up-voting these gifs and supporting a company with such privacy concerns, an obvious agenda, and that is censoring and controlling the information you see. It's not too late to do something.
Please don’t try to hijack the thread with your large font. If you have a good point or question to make people will see it.
Yeah but this is a reddit thread. It already has a heading
There are1 or 2 good points in your reply and some others not so but seriously... you’re trying to legitimise China’s Muslim concentration camps and ethnic and cultural genocide with a link to chinese state media? And you called Muslim concentration camps “quite neat”... wow. If you want to learn the truth there is a lot of information out there I wouldn’t trust chinese state media.... you can check out this link if you want to know what it’s really about https://youtu.be/DsFbaHQUa18 or https://www.nytimes.com/interactive/2019/11/16/world/asia/china-xinjiang-documents.html And also Nathan rich is not a good YouTuber to be sending links to either. He is a chinese propagandist with a criminal record in the USA which he lied about to get his Chinese visa. He is well known among people who follow China for just being a shill and profiting of Chinese nationalists. This kind of white youtuber has been popping up a lot lately, it’s a great way to get instant fame and money as a foreigner in China. This kind of shows you how despite being so obvious the CCP’s billions of dollars it spends on overseas propaganda is working well. You are really eating it up. As for your link about Chinese poverty please stop with the propaganda. China plunged itself into poverty and famine under Mao. Millions of people literally starved to death. It’s not hard to bring those people out of poverty when you are starting from nothing. And China’s poverty line is terrible. According to their own premier https://www.cnbctv18.com/economy/china-has-over-600-million-poor-with-140-monthly-income-premier-li-keqiang-6024341.htm Chinese tech privacy regulations are so great, that it censured doctors for discussing the China virus in private WeChat conversations in December/January. Amazing. Sorry but I must emphasise again that China is not like the west. You are using your western viewpoint to consider the Chinese government and you need to step out of it if you want to see the issues clearly. As someone who has lived in China and Chinese speaking countries since 2014 and speaks fluent Chinese the experience has really opened up my eyes. I genuinely think you would be shocked.
Ok
Oh dear
Ok I don’t know how that happened
Whoever wrote that template should be sacked
Zoom is horrible. Boycott zoom
Um no
More like instant attraction
As if you’re not part of that community
Price
Nice. Up $100?
Deep.
r/mapswithoutVanuatu
India has been getting closer to the US as China gets more aggressive. They’re probably closer to the US now than ever before when they previously remained quite neutral. India is becoming a reliable western ally. China are the ones spreading the propaganda that having friends is being America’s “dog”. It would be best not to help them out with that but that’s just my opinion.
Who said take military action? I don’t think anyone is proposing a war yet. Australia has already been making freedom of navigation exercises in the South China Sea for years.
Quasi allies? Japan and Australia are bona fide allies, and I would say so are India
What makes you think Xi has really good foreign policy advisors?
Google.com
No. India is a democracy. Russia is China’s strongest a ally. The CCP was built off Marxism.
You should try to protest in Russia or vote for Putin’a opposition then come back. Enjoy your real election in November. Not much can come out of those two candidates, but the black community really helped give Biden the nomination. Could have seen real change otherwise. Oh well. Take it as a chance to move to Russia, or even better China, and then maybe you’ll know what true oppression is. Well, that’s how I found out.
Lol you clearly don’t know anything about China. Xi Jinping is the biggest coloniser out there. He’s literally colonising several countries as we speak and committing ethnic and cultural genocide. But you don’t know about any of that do you. You keep drinking the CCP propaganda and stay ignorant. I bet you use tik tok.
Well somebody has to be responsible. Not sure if it’a successful yet though, are you?
You should go back to China if you love the CCP so much. Our values in the west are incompatible with the CCP. I do find it weird how all the richest Chinese and CCP officials and their relatives all migrate to the west.
That’s not the confusing perspective part lol
I’m very chilled. Not sure why I’m getting downvoted literally just need to google ASEAN and it will tell you what it is. It’s a fkn acronym obviously how can people be so lazy?
So what? Multiple countries claim sovereignty over different parts of the South China Sea
What country do you live in? My point was Biden will not change anything.
Well I don’t really know much about Bangladesh but I would be surprised if it was more oppressive than China.
Mm I’m not too sure about that. I had a similar opinion as you before I moved to China. I didn’t think it could be as bad as they say, but boy was I wrong. I mean just basic things, does Bangladesh block websites and apps like China? Has Bangladesh banned it’s citizens for registering on social media or any forum sits like reddit anonymously?
Don’t worry. These people are ironically trying to turn the word “china” and “chinese”, a perfectly fine race, into racist terms. That in itself seems more racist than what they falsely accuse people rationally talking about China of. Just need to get use to the fact that whenever you use the word “China” in a way they don’t agree with you will get accused of being racist.
I would suggest that they might be kidding if it wasn’t true, meaning your statement would actually be more accurate if it wasn’t true
I’m not talking about business deals with africa, although that certainly does qualify. I was thinking more about the colonisation of East Turkestan, Tibet and Mongolia and the ethnic and cultural genocide that comes along with it.
Deport it to China. Thanks
When did the first 100k is hard to get becomre the first 20k?
因為這樣的話，這個句子什麼意思都沒有。
Absolutely not. There is no way known to human kind to have a nice car and FIRE at the same time.
