Two brain-dead morons slugging it out on live telly. ...It should be on Sky pay per view.
That's a bit different to the letter the new British PM got after the departing Labour government got voted out. It read something like... "Sorry but we've spent all the money, good luck!".
Get a wooden one.
Can't you do this with any leash and just let it trail on the floor? That's what I've always done. Unless the leash is made of wet spaghetti it's unlikely to wear out in a hurry.
After a day or two you'll probably be fine taking the cone off when the dog is outside on a walk, or is otherwise distracted enough to not be thinking about their stitches. ...eg. during meal-times, walks, during training sessions, when playing, etc. --- Just be sure to only ever do this when you are able to provide direct 100% supervision, and keep the cone close to hand so you can whip it back on the moment the dog should start to show any interest in their wounds.
Could it be that he's just excited to be going outside? If a dog associates going outside with being able to pee then just the thought and excitement of going out for a walk is often enough to trigger them to prematurely release their bladder. I had a dog a bit like this. I'd let her out into the garden with no warning then get ready to go out while she was out there (put coat, shoes, on etc). That way she wouldn't know she was going out until the door was opened.
Not really training treats, but for chews and big rewards baked pigs ears are easy to make and cheap if you have a friendly butcher's shop nearby. With pups I just use a portion of their regular food to give them over the day as training treats (then I'll wean them off of using treats for training at 6-months or so).
Depends where it's located I guess. For an inner city hostel I'd expect video streaming to work at probably 720p as a minimum (which is mostly fine for laptops and mobile devices). If it was a small backpacker's cabin on a remote mountain trail then if there's any internet connectivity at all it'd be a bonus.
or Mutts Nuts ...Dog's Danglies, etc.
Guns don't kill people, [Rabbit stew](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ICG0MuzEYzw).
&gt; And to be honest it will probably take a long long time before you’re allowed to be drunk. The way I can see this happening at first is where you'd call a remote chauffeur company who has an office building full of folks with VR setups or fancy driving simulators ....or hell, why not have the chauffeurs working from home. You tell them where you want to go and one of their drivers takes over full control of your car (with the car's autopilot acting as a backup in case of poor signal). While their driver is 'at the wheel' the car's manual controls no longer operate and it's occupants can legally be driven by the car while they're intoxicated. Such a company would be able to charge significantly less than a taxi service as they'd be driving the client's own vehicle so no fuel or maintenance costs, and zero time wasted driving to &amp; from pickup &amp; drop-off locations. They'd also be able to drive empty cars (get out of your car at the door of your work, hire someone to park it for you), buses, lorries &amp; vans, etc. Again with none of the drawbacks of having the driver physically in the cabin. --- This would all be a stop-gap until full autonomy becomes more commonplace, so such an industry would always have a limited life-span. But that's never stopped folks before.
For the same reason you don't put your favourite song as your morning alarm clock tone. You'll end up hating it.
Hell, I rarely lock my car after parking. I keep nothing of real value in it, nobody steals radio head units nowadays and modern immobilisers make it next to impossible to physically start the car without a key. As such locking it at all seems kinda pointless. Not that I live in a high-crime area, but I'd rather let a would-be thief have a rummage and walk off with half a packet of gum and a couple of quid in low-denomination shrapnel than have to go through the rigmarole of replacing a window.
&gt; What kind of training does riot police go through? If France is anything like the UK then "Riot police" are just regular police drafted in from all over the country in times of need and given extra padding &amp; a shield. IMO the anonymity this extra padding, visored helmet, shield, etc. affords them is what causes the excessive violence we see. They feel they can get away with it and are srrounded by their peers wearing exactly the same gear so nobody will be able to single them out after the fact. If they all had their badge numbers emblazoned on their backs in foot high white lettering I guarantee we'd see less of it. ...similarly you'd likely see less crime from 'protesters' looting &amp; throwing rocks at the police if they had their names &amp; addresses similarly emblazoned. --- Regular police are given specific training on crowd control, but there's not really such a thing as dedicated 'riot police' who sit around waiting for things to kick off so they can gear up and smash heads in.
...or print one of them at a time in vase mode. I can't see why something like this would need infill.
Nowadays you could open a vegan restaurant serving stuff like that and millenial hipsters would lap that shit up.
I lived in Castlefield for a couple of years. Was a pretty good spot. Close enough to the centre you could walk to most places but out the way enough to not be overly busy. ...I was living on a narrowboat though and my mooring fees at the time were £20 p/w. I don't think I'd have wanted to rent or buy a flat there as IIRC they tended to be kinda pricey (although nowhere near London prices). --- Living on a boat there was also fun as in about 1/2 hour you could up sticks and be moored outside one of the VIP lounges attached to one of the bars/clubs along Deansgate locks. You'd have to get to know a bouncer or two and slip them a few quid to let you moor there, but having your own personal VIP lounge attached to the club's VIP lounge was always a fun conversation starter.
Not really, I just trained them to only play with toys, chew bones, etc. when in their bed. Same end result and it's far ...far easier to teach, and at the same time teaches them to love being in their bed/crate/kennel.
Or when your fridge packs up and needs replacing, or you buy a new sofa.
FYI, this is the same law firm rounding up people for a [class action lawsuit against Monsanto](https://www.baumhedlundlaw.com/toxic-tort-law/monsanto-roundup-lawsuit/#contact). As such there's a *tiny chance* they may not be entirely unbiased here. --- So yeah, a great example of propaganda (likely on both sides if the allegations are true).
/r/karmaconspiracy ...but yeah, that's exactly what I thought.
Maybe you're like that bloke from that film who can't be hurt. Do you have a good pal who owns a comic book store?
I'm the other way around. I pretty much saw the protomolecule as a mcguffin which only really existed to provide something to generate conflict between the varying factions &amp; characters.
Helps if you know or are related to someone who already works there. I've heard that the underground workers unions are nepotistic to the extreme (or at least used to be).
How often are you driving back to Poland? Don't know how Polish insurance works, but most standard UK policies stipulate the car can only remain abroad for 90-day stints.
Electric vehicles are gonna fuck that system right up.
So is riding stolen mopeds, arming yourself with knives &amp; clubs then stabbing and bashing people over the head to steal their phones &amp; possessions. The previous policy was to allow these criminals to act with impunity.
&gt; Keep your eyes open to see if foreign forces help pacify the protesters in France. Unlikely; not before they have their new EU army at least (which is being planned). ...and I think they're waiting for the Brits to leave, taking their military with them before doing that as it'll give them the perfect excuse.
Are your previous set unevenly worn? This might be why re-alignment is being suggested if that's why you're asking. It's not necessary, but if you're in the habit of bumping up kerbs occasionally, driving off-road, or not slowing down for sleeping policemen quite as much as you know you should then then it won't do any harm to have it done every few years, especially on an older car which may have never been realigned before. So yeah wheel alignment when having a full tyre change probably isn't a bad rule of thumb I guess. ...If it's quite a way out of whack then fixing it could save you some tyre wear and give a small improvement in fuel economy. If that's the case then it'll be £20-30 well spent. --- Go to a specialist wheel alignment place though as they have far better kit and will often be cheaper. Don't rely on the place that fitted the tyres.
&gt; tannoy I think you mean 'public address system', Tannoy is a brand name. ...why are you all staring at me.
They often put that because it gains sympathy from idiots who'll believe anything they read, not because it's true (although I'm sure it sometimes is). For example, [this guy](https://www.forces.net/news/navy/doubts-over-homeless-veteran-who-asked-cash) only got caught because he moved his deception online and started a GoFundMe page.
Most early training was fairly standard and straightforward, house training, leash work, basic retrieve training, off-leash walking to heel &amp; recall under distraction. --- Steadiness to shot was one of the first major milestones we struggled with and eventually cracked. This is where the dog has to sit next to the handler off-leash watching shot gamebirds falling from the sky all around them and be able to resist the irresistible temptation to run in and pick them until after the end of the drive ...even though that's what they've spent the previous 18 months or more practicing and building up drive for, and is the their most favouritest thing in the world to do. That takes some serious self-control on the part of the dog.
The real question is, why would you? Can you not take a coach or train? If you have a lot of gear and a taxi is your best option then, shop around for a fixed price, try to book during their quietest period, and *let them know that you're shopping around*. ...try taxi companies that specialise in airport transfers as they'll be more used to doing longer distances. --- Maybe also post some messages up in /r/nottingham, /r/london, facebook, etc seeing if anybody wants to share the fare (charge them whatever they'd otherwise spend on a train ticket).
You should have a hardcore mode where you also have to avoid stepping on the cracks (lest you break your mother's back).
At home you can just scoop them up and flush them down the toilet as you would your own. Or throw them in a border and rake them in. Personally I've always trained my dogs to only crap under bushes and in borders/flowerbeds (not on lawns or hard surfaces); That way a quick rake-over every once in a while is all that's needed. ...if you can house train a dog you can also garden train them, it's exactly the same principle and techniques used. --- I have a fairly big garden so there are plenty of places they can go. There's also 600 acres of private woodland backing on to our property where I don't need to worry about clearing up after the dogs.
This. The only thing I do with my dog on a regimented schedule is their early morning toilet walk. Breakfast will be any time between 6-9, dinner any time between 6-11, formal training sessions are random as and when I can fit them in. Afternoon or evening toilet walks are similarly random. I have friends whose dogs go absolutely mental around walkies and meal times. That sort of behavior would do my head in very quickly.
Maybe they got the result they wanted and proved their point at the polls, so unlike remainers no longer feel the need to try to ram their POV down everybody's throats?
Under that logic then so should the Russian trolls &amp; bots.
For maximum efficiency you could lay the clock out something more like this... IT'S TWENTYTEN QUARTERHALFIVE MINUTES PASTO SEVENINESIXTEN TWONEIGHTWELVE THREELEVENFOUR FIVE O'CLOCK
It's because these are the people who *want* the price of fuel to go up. I'm surprised they aren't all kicking the shit out of each other. ^^^^^/s ^^^^^\(in ^^^^^case ^^^^^it ^^^^^wasn't ^^^^^blatantly ^^^^^obvious)
Obedience is an important part of gundog training, although personally I don't start too early or go overboard with it as I don't want to dampen their prey drive and want them to work enthusiastically. I don't really train any 'tricks' at all unless they have benefits that will roll into other aspects of the dog's more formal gundog training. eg. I personally wouldn't bother teaching roll over; but teaching a dog to balance a ball on its nose while you throw another ball past them, walk around behind them and clap your hands, or walk away a few paces then fire a starting pistol is something which promotes steadiness in the dog and an extreme level of self-control. Something which is a highly desirable trait when out on the shooting field. Each to their own though and I know a lot of people get a real kick out of teaching their dogs parlour tricks to show off to their friends. --- As for the general public, I'm sure a lot of people 'try' to train their dogs, and I'm sure some may see some level of success at home or in the church hall puppy classes they attend for a few months while the dog is young. It's translating and transitioning that low distraction, treat &amp; reward-based training into generalized behavior that many people fail at. I guess that's why so many folks end up going to professional trainers with the line of "He's so well behaved at home, I just don't understand it"; while many more simply give up and resign themselves to the 'fact' that pulling on the leash and being unruly is "just what some dogs do".
I'm surprised there aren't plugins for the software so you can designate the component as a 3d-printed part, specify print orientation, layer thickness, and expected layer adhesion strength so it can give more accurate (but still pretty ballpark) results.
You could still design this part easy enough in Tinkercad.
&gt; Onboard videos from WRC are awe inspiring to scary at some times ...and the onboard videos from the Group-B era are another level of insanity altogether.
What's wrong with doing stuff outside? If you get wet you get wet; The water stops when it gets to your skin you know? ...just have everyone take a change of clothes &amp; a towel if there's a chance of dampness. You can be guaranteed somebody will forget and that gives everyone else ample opportunity to laugh at them the rest of the day.
&gt; or a foot or 2, in the case of "sitting too close to the tv" ...which is still no worse than sitting and reading a book, and no mother has ever scolded their child for sitting too close to a book.
Businesses still often get two deliveries a day. My house is at the back of an mini "industrial estate" (large farmyard where I've converted most of site into rented industrial space). I still get two deliveries a day, as if there's anything for my in the afternoon it'll get put in with the business post and still delivered to the site.
I'm not the person who asked, but if it was a little over a grand I'd advise to just keep it around as cash and spend it on going out, groceries, shopping, etc. over the following year (don't go out any more often, but just earmark the cash for that purpose). If it's at the upper end of four figures OP might not want that amount of cash lying around the house so may want to do something else with it. Under those circumstances I'd agree.
Last time I was in Scotland a chip shop there was selling deep fried pizza.
Heh, I didn't dare try. I could feel my arteries creaking just at the thought of such a thing.
Study makes complete sense. If a well trained gundog is asked to dive head first into a thick &amp; thorny bramble patch in search of a downed bird they'll jump in there without hesitation in search of it. They do this with the knowledge that the joy that they feel in retrieving the bird and bringing it to hand is more than worth the cuts, scratches and thorns stuck in them that they'll inevitably receive in their search. ...however, if you do this in error enough times where the dog emerges empty-handed they can eventually become reticent to jump in and look in the first place. This is the dog basically telling you that they don't trust you, think you're full of shit and they don't believe there's anything in there worth hunting for.
Nah... Chumbawamba
I think they're talking about the [short where the right hand roof is](https://i.imgur.com/8s8ACIG.jpg).
I think it was 2011 that liability shifted from the seller to the buyer for the period between exchange and completion (new builds when bought off-plan are usually an exception to this rule). I'm not sure if auction purchases would be any different to this, but I can't see why they would be. But yeah, definitely seek advice from your solicitor, they'll probably be able to lay out your options and find you the solution which leaves you least out of pocket. --- Not that it has any bearing, but presumably you're a cash buyer? ...else your mortgage provider would almost certainly have required you take out insurance from the date of exchange as a condition of them lending you the money to complete.
Like others are saying you're really going to struggle with rigidity with that setup (both for wood and especially any kind of metal). A decent plasma cutter will cut Aluminium though (and steel obviously), so that may be something worth considering if metal cutting is a requirement.
Or even just around the house. Wrap an extra turn around their neck so less is trailing on the floor then gradually lengthen it until the full length of the leash is trailing behind them, then start picking it up and gradually introduce you leading them with it.
London has a huge problem with criminals on stolen mopeds &amp; bikes snatching phones, stabbing/clubbing folks or throwing acid at people so they could rob them. Police here used to have orders to ignore any crime committed on motorbikes &amp; mopeds and not enter into any kind of pursuit in case the criminals fell off and hurt themselves. Recently permission was given to [deliberately crash into them, run them off the road, knock them off their bikes, etc.](https://www.theguardian.com/uk-news/2018/nov/23/met-police-say-tough-tactics-have-reduced-violent-moped) Funnily enough it seems to be working as moped crime has shown a marked drop since the new policy was enacted.
Seems like you're going about it all wrong. Dog's aren't very good at making associations where they're sometimes allowed to do something but only dependent on certain circumstances that aren't immediately clear to them. You'd be much better served by conditioning them that they're *never* allowed on the bed ...unless specifically invited. This is what I do with mine with being allowed on the sofa. ...That way you're teaching a command to which they can provide a response (which is also its own reward). Dogs brains work much better that way, and it means that when you *do* invite them to join you they'll value their time with you on the bed/sofa all the more. --- As with everything though, there are exceptions.... eg. I don't know what I did so probably couldn't replicate it, but I somehow managed to get my Lab to associate coming into the house with wet or muddy paws with not being allowed in the living room. Granted, he'll sometimes try to sneak in half hour later while he's still slightly damp and come sit next to the sofa. I'll then check his paws; If they're still wet he'll be sent back to the kitchen and his bed, otherwise he might be asked onto the sofa or at least be allowed to stay in the room. I've no idea if he knows I'm checking his paws for dampness (I very highly doubt it), but he does seem to be getting better about knowing when he's dry enough that he won't be sent back out. So yeah, it is *possible* for a dog to form more complex associations, but it's much harder to teach, and probably just pot luck whether they'll 'get it' or not.
24 hour epoxy is a thing.
&gt; and the drivers feet. AKA the crumple zone.
...and a View to a kill.
No, but I'd only ever leave my dog with a friend or relative who also has dogs, knows how to look after &amp; properly exercise them, and I'd always be willing to reciprocate when they go away. ...I'd probably buy them a bottle of wine or something to say thanks but paying them would feel weird. --- NB. I also wouldn't leave my dog with someone who's own dog is poorly trained or bad mannered. Firstly as I wouldn't want them or their dog teaching my dog bad habits or undoing their training, and secondly I wouldn't want to look after their poorly trained dog when *they* go away on holiday.
If you have all three options available, drill a few holes in an offcut and see which gives the best results. Also, if you've not ordered it yet, consider getting Acrylic instead of Polycarbonate. It's more brittle, but far harder wearing and less prone to scratches.
Less well off folks tend to live in smaller houses so I guess those bills do still *kinda* scale with income.
They certainly did at the time. And the other side were all cries of "fake news", "evil MSM", "the media is out to get Corbyn, why do the Tories never face any criticism", etc. etc. ...ad nauseam. Hopefully those folks are seeing that the media is just as happy criticizing May and the government, yet the cries about the media being unfair and bias seem to have miraculously died down
Would a spare oxy tank not allow you to make it to the water wall which leads to the teleporter in lost river. From there you can make it to the thermal plant (and back), lava castle, containment facility, etc.
LIMA (positive-first) is probably the most flexible. It attempts wherever possible to primarily utilise the best aspects of the positive-only dog training movement, but is fully open to the fact that some dogs learn and respond better when at least some level of low-level corrections are present (even if that's only speaking to them in a mildly harsh tone or withholding something the dog wants). Attempting to have a one-size-fits-all training ethos will end up failing a lot of dogs (whether that policy be purely positive, or purely aversive &amp; dominance-based training). Dogs are as varied as people so the true skill in training dogs (as with teaching people) comes with being able to determine what training methods will get the best out of each individual dog and their owner/handler.
Two is one, one is none. ....three? Now you're talking!
A BNC is the best solution. Gets around any port or IP blocking issues and stops you spamming the channel with disconnects/reconnects every time you lose signal for a few secs.
I just went &amp; counted, there are in the region of 100 adult trees on my property. Could probably double that again if I included saplings, unwanted self-setters, and immature trees I only planted a few years ago. The UK has 47 trees for every person, so I'm doing my part I guess.
Nah, wanking in the office was [recently banned](https://youtu.be/VKbq9uuBrJY).
Is there a servo per eye so you can do squinty, winky, nervous twitch spidey?
Put him in another room to sleep and close the door.
Obviously the best course of action is to practice practice practice 'leave-it', 'drop-it' etc. (by giving them things, taking things off them, giving them things back after they hand them to you, etc.) There's some great advice for this in other comments so I on't go over it again. --- To get something off them in an emergency though, a tried and true method is to to take hold of the thing with one hand, place your other under their jaw, then pinch the skin of their lower lip against their back teeth. If they don't give up the goods when asked then as they bite down on the thing you can apply pressure to their lip so they have the sensation of biting their skin. As dogs aren't able to make the association that it's you causing the discomfort they'll instead assume that it's their biting down which is causing them to bite their lip. This normally causes them to release pretty quickly. In an emergency this is a far better method than wrestling with them trying to pry their jaws open, which looks horrendous to bystanders, risks a bite injury, and risks the dog no longer trusting you when it comes to giving you things in future. ...As I say though, this pinch method should only really be done in a dire emergency; I'd never advocate this method to take a toy off them for instance.
Reddit cliche noticed: Dumbass bot spamming inane comments.
Seems like they'd cause more disruption &amp; chaos just flying them over airports ...on programmed waypoints, not under direct radio control (so their location can't be traced). You can get fixed-wing RC planes which can be made fully autonomous fairly cheaply that can stay aloft for several hours. If they had a van full of them they could send one up every few of hours and if they did this in a coordinated way across multiple airports could effectively grind the whole countries air-transport network to a complete halt for days. Which would then likely take weeks to recover from. --- Hell, they could secretly set all the drones out days in advance around the airport periphery, programmed to sleep until a certain time then wake up one at a time several hours apart, then start flying pre-programmed routes all around the airport. That way the folks responsible could be long gone by the time the effects of their attack are felt.
I have a couple of liveries. I let the stables out on a full DIY basis. For mine that means I'm 100% hands off in all aspects. They look after &amp; exercise their own horses, they maintain the fields, stables, etc. they replace any damaged fencing, etc. I charge £20 p/w per horse, £15 for ponies. I'm in the East midlands in the South Notts area. You can make much more (an order of magnitude more) if you're willing to operate a full livery yard, although that means you or someone you employ takes care of the horses (feeds, mucks out, exercises them, etc.) and the owners just turn up and ride the horses or take them away to events when they feel like it. I've personally got far too much on my plate for any of that, so for me DIY-livery works out better. --- In addition to the stabling you'll need a minimum of an acre or so of grazing per horse, although you might get away with less if you have particularly good soil with exceptional drainage.
&gt; face muscles don't bulk up because you're not moving them with weights, so no resistance and no stress. [You were saying](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Rw38ZQmcBZc)
&gt; I have no words Well they say a picture is worth a thousand words, but I don't think that saying applies when the picture in question was taken at night with a potato.
I kinda agree with this, however processed food already carries a 20% tax (VAT) which doesn't apply to fresh fruit and other raw ingredients. Are they saying 20% isn't enough?
The drinks wholesaler I get kegs from for parties sells it (only in cans though). I remember it being in their brochure and remarking that it was a blast from the past and contemplated getting some for old-times sake. It's in Nottingham though so not sure if that'd be any good to you... www.libradrinks.co.uk I'm sure there'll be a Leicester equivalent. --- Just checked and the food wholesaler I use [also sells it](https://www.booker.co.uk/catalog/productinformation.aspx?code=137357&amp;categoryName=307750&amp;CSUrl=https%3a%2f%2fwww.booker.co.uk%2fcatalog%2fproducts.aspx%3fcategoryName%3d200040%26view%3dUnGrouped%26multi%3dFalse). Again they're in Notts though (I live on the LE/NG border).
Just having a warning pop up if the request times out suggesting the user disables adblock would probably do as a stop-gap. Better than leaving them hanging at least.
I made a comment addressing most of those issues awhile back. [See if any of this helps](https://www.reddit.com/r/dogs/comments/8vm3e5/help_how_can_i_teach_my_dog_to_bring_the_ball_back/e1okn9c/)
Could you give a quick rundown of how you embed the feathers in the resin? (I presume it's resin) ...also, you should post this to /r/somethingimade
Ah, so you use positive pressure while the resin cures? (to shrink the bubbles rather than pulling them out using a vacuum before pouring) What are the advantages of doing it that way? --- Do you put resin or any kind of glue behind the feathers to keep them flat &amp; in place or just rely on the fact that the resin will hold them down and will seep through &amp; behind them to make a solid bond with the wood underneath?
You certainly can do a lot with electric collar training.
I don't think that's true on low-gravity planets/moons.
Don't worry, he'll have home secretary Abbott to back him up and make sure he doesn't put his foot in it or make any serious gaffes.
Queen's message TL;DR: &gt; Be excellent to each other.
[Reminds me of this TV ad from I think the 80s](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4yAcmDQdcHA)
Hard to explain, but for reference... * 'You're talking bollocks' -&gt; 'you're wrong' * 'You'll get a right bollocking for that' -&gt; 'You're going to get a severe reprimand' * 'You dropped a bollock there' -&gt; 'you made a mistake' * 'Bollocks!!' -&gt; 'Damn it!' * 'That's the dog's bollocks' -&gt; 'That's awesome!!'
They don't need to be earning three times much as a police officer though.
Out of interest, what was the first one you did? What's the second?
Wouldn't it be great if small businesses and companies could rely on charity donations and generous government tax breaks to pay wages and building upkeep? Then all their employees could swan around all day in fancy uniforms proselytizing a simple life of doing no work and fucking kids.
The fact that the tow rope attachment point comes pre-attached from the factory rather than being stored in the glove box should give some indication :)
Can't really go wrong with a used CR-V. Cheap, reliable, spacious, reasonably fuel efficient.
Poisoning foxes is very illegal, so is most forms of trapping. Shooting them is by far the most efficient way, and ideally you'd spare an old dog fox who is beyond breeding age and leave them be. They tend to be highly territorial and will then discourage any younger (and more virile) foxes moving back to the area and breeding. ...but yeah, in full agreement about fox hunting with dogs being about the least efficient way to control them.
I doubt they're 'trained' to do that, it's just instinctual. I used to have a terrier and she was fantastic at killing rats super efficiently. Pick them up by the neck, hard bite and 2-3 shakes then on to the next one (a bit like a fox does when it gets in a chicken coop). She was never taught how to do that, she just knew.
&gt; if these were the only aspects that mattered then why on earth hasn't fishing been gone after too? Or literally all equestrian sports ...where you sit on an animal's back and kick it repeatedly in the ribs to make it go, then yank on a bit of metal in it's mouth to get it to go in the direction you want.
&gt; How many foxes do you see out and about? How effective do you think that makes a shotgun? Loads if you're out at night with the intent to shoot them. &gt; How effective do you think that makes a shotgun? Shotgun, not very. ...But a rifle, lamp &amp; squeaker call will often allow you to bag a dozen or two in a single night in many places where fox populations aren't being regularly artificially maintained (which needs doing for welfare reasons). By the time they get to that point many of those will be mangy and starving. --- ...but yeah, I'd much rather see foxes shot than torn apart by dogs.
Well yeah, theirs don't land astronauts anywhere.
Space tourists might. ...read: definitely would.
Do you mind correcting me then rather than just saying "you're wrong". ...unless you're referring to the fact that sometimes the horse is whipped to get it moving then yes, sometimes that is also the case (or am I wrong about that as well?) Also, [what are these things](https://www.ebay.co.uk/sch/i.html?_from=R40&amp;_trksid=m570.l1313&amp;_nkw=riding+spurs&amp;_sacat=0) if not devices to better enable you to kick the animal in the ribs without having to put quite so much effort in?
There are multiple ways to do this. Which work best will depend on the dog. [I made a post a while back that might help](https://www.reddit.com/r/dogs/comments/8vm3e5/help_how_can_i_teach_my_dog_to_bring_the_ball_back/e1okn9c/)
Red leader this is gold leader we're starting our attack run.
I think I'd have got bored after the first one then cracked out the step drill.
Trucking games compress their maps to a massive extent. For instance, I remember watching a YT video showing that in Euro Truck Sim the whole of Europe is 100km across (scaled down about 1:20).
They should just have bond team up with a female '00' agent for a movie (one who doesn't turn out to be a baddie). Then, if the film is a success, spin off her escapades into a different series of films in the franchise. That would keep everyone happy I'd have thought, and mean more spy movies for those of us who like those sorts of things.
Stilton. I live a few miles from where a lot of it is made so can get it directly from the creamery.
Never in a month of Sundays will that thing be able to machine Ali. ...not without chattering like mad and breaking dozens of end-mills.
CofE services are a bit more like that. Bit of talk, couple of dull hymns, bit more talk, done. I can't stand that happy-clappy shit. Makes me cringe. --- NB. I'm not religious, but do go chop down a large Christmas tree from my property and donate it to the village church each year; so do wind up going to the occasional Christmas service to 'receive my blessing' ...whatever that means.
Yes of course, but you'll likely need a recognized degree and preferably years of experience in the industry you'll be working in (preferably both) to get a company to sponsor your visa. So you need to get your degree then likely work in your home country for a bit building up experience. --- To get a job picking fruit you just need to have half a brain as well as working arms and legs. To get a *decent* job (a career) you need to prove you are the best candidate. And if the company is going to have to jump through additional hoops in hiring you (visas, moving expenses, paying for flights/accommodation during interview stages) you need to be better than the others by quite a significant margin. It's up to you to demonstrate to them that you're worth all the extra hassle.
Hovering around 50%
Simple. Don't let them in the same room together and always keep a closed door between them.
I always found three per tool was the optimum for production work. On in the tool, one cooling down, one on charge. More batteries and a second charger is oblivious better still, but three was always about the level where low batteries stopped becoming much of a hindrance.
[I don't see that much difference TBH](https://diyprojects.ideas2live4.com/wp-content/uploads/sites/5/2015/12/Cordless-Drill-Storage-And-Charging-Station-Main-Image-696x398.jpg)
Great pic, kinda reminds me of [one I took](https://i.imgur.com/bMh6kk3.png?1) a few years ago near Stanford Hall, Notts.
Hose pipe to get the mud &amp; crap out then isopropyl to displace &amp; help evaporate the water. Compressed air helps with the latter as well. The bearings should be sealed so long as you aren't using high pressure the water shouldn't get in to them.
Their guest, their responsibility. If they want to then peruse the other party for the cost of the repair that's up to them.
They'd be (very mildly) poisonous if your body digested them. ...The whole propagation strategy of fruit bearing plants relies on the fact that animals can't digest their seeds and will crap them out elsewhere. Thus the fact they may contain trace amounts of poisons is largely moot.
Except resenting someone purely because they made a success of themselves makes *you* the asshole.
Yep, thought the same thing. I always believed Lazenby was the most average Bond. This proves it.
...then watching them bawl their eyes out when they subsequently find out after voting for him that he's about as hard-line pro-brexit as they come.
So long as the total income from all 'casual services' is less than £1000 p/a and you aren't already self-employed it'll come under your [trading allowance](https://www.gov.uk/guidance/tax-free-allowances-on-property-and-trading-income#trade).
&gt; When they lived in London Well yeah, that explains it. Anywhere else in the country they'd likely have been fine.
It's about minimizing risks. With a regular paying tenant, even after vetting you have maybe a 1 in 10 chance they'll turn out to be a dick who will trash your place or run off without paying. With a low income tenant who isn't even paying the rent themselves that probably jumps up to lets say 1 in 4. For many it's just not worth the risk while there are plenty of folks willing and able to rent the place without government assistance. ...numbers are obviously pulled out my arse, but that's basically the calculation they're making.
I happen to rent a unit to a bloke who has a lawn mowing &amp; hedge flailing business. As there's no travelling or callout for him he only charges me £20 to cut my 1/2 acre of lawn in-between his other jobs. I did the maths and it worked out I'd get about 10 years worth of lawn cutting for the price of a decent ride-on mower (cutting once a fortnight for six months of the year). ...If I were to factor in the servicing, maintenance, &amp; fuel costs of running my own mower I'd likely get 20 years of mowing for the same amount. That's assuming my mower even lasts 20 years without needing a replacement. And then there's my time to consider. --- So yeah, I have someone else handle all my lawns &amp; hedges nowadays as it actually works out better value.
They've made chainsaws and professional forestry kit for decades. I just looked it up and they've been making lawnmowers for 100 years now. And their first *robot* lawnmower came out 24 years ago. So yeah, they branched out quite a while ago.
&gt; Fully waterproof, drop resistant, and able to warm up or cool down without the use of batteries. ...no shit, it's a stone.
I wonder what the stats were for the Space Shuttle. That thing was an absolute deathtrap, but it sure covered some miles.
I live in the sticks, so whenever I goddamn please.
&gt; **Forging the world's biggest Tommy gun** FTFY
If you buy them yourself you can then take them to the next property you move to, etc.
Well going off the numbers, there are now 54% of people willing to vote for parties who wish to switch to a PR-based system (that's assuming BXP follow UKIP with regard to their policy of wanting to enact PR).
...if only he'd eaten that damn bacon sandwich 'correctly'!
Most ropes can carry far more weight than most people would expect. A decent climbing rope smaller than your little finger should easily manage a couple of tons. Where weaknesses come in are usually where there are knots in the rope (which can lower the breaking strain by more than half). Their safe working load is also usually far less than their breaking strain, so while a rope will likely hold a couple of ton with ease, if you're trusting your life to it half-way up a mountain the manufacturer's stated "safe" load will likely be an order of magnitude less than the amount which would cause the rope to break.
And more people than that didn't vote at all so couldn't give a shit either way.
It *would* result in a majority of parties &amp; MPs in favour of PR though... Brexit, Green, LibDem, SNP, UKIP, Plaid It's highly unlikely they'd ever work together, but seeing as all of the above can at least all agree on wanting to switch to a PR-based parliament there'd be nothing stopping them forming a short-lived grand coalition with the sole intention of pushing through voting reform to a PR-based system before immediately dissolving their otherwise ineffective government and thus forcing a snap election under their newly implemented PR system. As unlikely as it may be, that would at least break the impasse.
Or maybe they'll throw a complete curveball... * Create a grand coalition with Farage, along with Greens, LibDems, SNP, UKIP, &amp; Plaid. * Enact PR by clear parliamentary majority. * Next day dissolve the fragile &amp; ineffective government and force a snap election under PR.
Even though it's a new-build get a full survey done anyway ....and using a surveyor who's not in any way recommended or affiliated with the construction company (likewise with mortgage brokers &amp; solicitors). --- NB. It's not that buildings are built to a worse standard nowadays, but more that substandard housing that was built in the past has either has since been demolished &amp; rebuilt, or that over the years it's been renovated, rewired, re-roofed, re-plumbed, etc. until it's now where it should have been on day one.
Pay for them to have a decent education and teach them not to be loose with money and they won't need any generational wealth.
When living in rented accommodation I'd say you have legal rights, and moral obligations. I mean sure, you might be able to legally overstay your welcome in a property not paying rent until the landlord gets the bailiffs in to kick you out and seize your possessions, but I'd also say that if you're living in somebody else's property then as a decent human being you should feel \*morally obliged\* to pay rent. Just because you can do something legally doesn't mean you morally should. --- If you're going to be an arsehole and enact your semi-legal right to dick the landlord around in regard to rent and outstaying your eviction notice then you shouldn't be at all surprised if they start being an arsehole back to you. It's to be expected. ...and yes, ending up with CCJs and finding it extremely difficult to find new landlords willing to rent to you are definite concerns you need to think about should you choose to continue down the route you're currently on. --- If you really don't want to speak to them in person then I'd send them a letter along with a cheque for two months rent, apologizing for the late rent and for overstaying your eviction notice, and explaining that you're desperately in need of an extra month to find new accommodation and have now paid the month's rent that you owe, plus another up front so they might hopefully give you an extension to allow you to do that. That's the morally-correct route to an easy stress free life (or as stress-free as it can be at this point). The more morally-ambiguous alternative of occupying the property until you're forcefully evicted certainly isn't the stress-free option, but it might be the cheaper one.
What's the longevity factor like? I'm only going by the trailer, but it does kinda look like the kind of game which might be played out in a few short hours (not that there's anything inherently wrong with that if it's priced accordingly).
&gt; turkey is turning towards authoritarianism, they probably should not join the EU until that is sorted out ...or just wait until the EU becomes just as authoritarian as they are. Lets see what happens next time Greece needs a bail-out and the Germans can't afford it alone without the UK there to kick in their part.
&gt; Why can't the individual armies and Nato coordinate against any aggressors ? Because most EU countries refuse to help kick in their fair share of NATO assets. An EU army will be different as the EU can use sanctions and other strong-arm tactics to force countries to pay in to the EU army, provide troops, equipment, etc. That's not something NATO can do.
If EU countries kicked in their fair share of NATO assets in the first place then the US's overwhelming defence presence would be less of a deciding factor of the makeup of the group. That way if Trump went off on one and decided to pull the US out of NATO it wouldn't make anywhere near as much of a difference.
With that in mind does that mean you're now arguing *against* the EU having a centralised mega-army? By your own admission Germany alone already spends more than Russia.
Yep, worse when they use the names of products/companies they perceive as being upmarket... Chardonnay, Tiffany, Mercedes, etc.
&gt; And with the jump thing, yeah.. I could have, but I The game has very little input and beating a level but simply holding a key sounds kind of boring to me 😅 The way I was envisioning it each press would still only result in one jump. Holding it would cause the character to jump next time they're able (and jump at max height if the key isn't released), but they wouldn't then jump again until the key is next pressed. The way it is now if I happen to press jump a frame or two before the character lands from dropping off a ledge or from a previous jump the input is ignored completely, which feels slightly off and IMO makes the game more frustrating that it needs to be.
It's not really about large jumps. Even dropping down from hitting a button your input will often be ignored if you happen to press jump a frame before you were touching the floor.
I was born before '96, *and* I've never used self-deprecating humor to help with a study. I guess that rules me out yeah?
Gotta spend that sweeet EU funding on something. ...if they don't spend it then another country might get it instead.
What about hydrogen powered ones?
This is a great start. Hopefully one day they'll go a step further and add some kind of rebate similar to what's available when buying a new electric car.
Poor thing.
Abusively so. Poor thing.
It's also almost directly on the flight path of aircraft landing at LCY.
Allow it to go month-month. Alternatively, make it be known that you're shopping about for a different agency. If they think you're leaving they might waive the fee in order to keep their 8% ...or whatever it is they're charging you monthly. &amp;#x200B; Or if after 12 months you think you can trust the tenant then sign them directly and cut out the agency altogether. This often isn't ideal though if you don't live locally.
Just imagine how many more people they could have saved if they'd rescued them and dropped them at the nearest coastline a km or two away rather than making a several thousand mile round trip to drop them off in Italy! Not to mention the fact that if this was what they were doing after pulling a couple of rafts out the water and dropping them back at the shore folks would stop putting themselves at risk in the first place. ...pretending that the people behind these NGO ships weren't in cahoots with the people smugglers as to know when and where people needed *rescuing* is a joke of the highest order. The only reason people were drowning in the first place was as a direct result of their actions.
...Maybe when they know they're being tested. What about the rest of the time?
&gt; nice day trips over the weekend? ...compared to *Bradford*? Literally anywhere. NB. just because you're working in Bradford doesn't mean you're forced to live there. Try looking at places in the outlying rural villages.
Morrisons did me a solid once. They were running late and I was due to go out as they arrived (taxi had already turned up). I suggested that they leave me the tote bins so I can unpack later when I get home and I'll give them back to the next driver with my next delivery. ....now when I get a delivery I just carry the full boxes inside and appear at the door two seconds later carrying a bunch of empties. That's a perfect system IMO. --- Another thing Morrisons do that I'm sure others do too is that if you give them some empty bags when they drop off your bagged shopping they deduct the bag charge from the order and then reuse the bags. ...As I have their boxes I don't bother getting stuff bagged nowadays though.
The secret is to not hold your hand parallel with the horizon, but perpendicular to the direction of motion of the sun in the sky. On the equator these are the same as the sun sets more-or less straight down. The higher your latitude though the more important this becomes.
This is why the secret is not to hold your hand parallel with the horizon, but perpendicular to the direction of motion of the sun in the sky. On the equator these are the same as the sun sets more-or-less straight down. The higher your latitude though the more important this becomes.
Does it hay extended power-saving features and built-in charging circuitry? If so then sign me up for a couple if you ever do a run of a decent enough size to make the price reasonable.
It was free on the Epic store a few months ago. I already have a copy on steam but decided to get another for the sake of it.
If you want to bring back the fear, start a new playthrough in hardcore.
Followed by Sex on Fire.
Couldn't you have negotiated sweat equity to up your share of the business to greater than 50%? Or kept ownership at 50/50 but you take a greater wage for the extra hours you're putting in. Or kept ownership at 50/50 but suggest your partner become a silent one with you both splitting profits equally but you also drawing a wage for your hours. ...Ideally you'd put down in writing which of these should happen if one party decides to take a backseat when drawing up your initial partnership agreement. --- But yeah, there were lots of ways of handling this which didn't involve you walking away. I'm sure you now realise it, but you really do only have yourself to blame here. How do you feel you'd do things differently if you were to find yourself in a similar position nowadays? (to me discussion of this aspect would be more interesting than the actual story)
One option is to keep a small jug of beef or chicken stock in the fridge and add a couple of tablespoons to their kibble. That usually makes any food more palatable to even the most fussy eaters.
No, not personally. &amp;#x200B; Unless you have a young pup or your dog has bladder issues then they should easily be able to hold it for 10 hours or so. ...conversely they should equally easily be able to go without water for a similar period, although it's always better to give them access to water than not.
Is that just another name for digging a hole?
Get one with [slanted sides](https://www.valupets.com/media/catalog/product/cache/1/image/650x/040ec09b1e35df139433887a97daa66f/s/t/stainless_steel_non_tip_dog_bowl.jpg) and fill the underside with resin or concrete, then glue a layer of sticky rubber to that so it doesn't slide about. For water you can do the same, but the nuclear option is to get [one of these](https://www.smallholderequipment.co.uk/auto-drinkers-water-troughs/galvanised-auto-drinker-3-litres-1814-.html) ...although they need hooking up to the mains so are only really useful if you have a water supply nearby.
A lake more or less sorts out that problem. You just have them take a dip when they're getting hot and then even on a hot day you have a good half-hour to an hour before the water has evaporated off them and they need another dip. If I'm doing gundog field-work in the summer months I'll always make sure there's a watercourse or pond/lake nearby.
It's a similar situation in the UK re. working dog food. Food marketed as being for working dogs (gundogs, hunting dogs, working hounds, etc) is VAT free so is instantly 20% cheaper than 'pet' food right off the bat. They tend to be more open about what goes into their food as hunting folks are generally a lot more pragmatic over what they and their dogs eat. They're more likely to recognize that there's nothing inherently bad or 'icky' about heart, lung, testicles, arseholes &amp; eyeballs, etc. going into dog food. As such there's no need to try &amp; hide the fact by using flowery language to disguise what sorts of offal products are used. It's not always the case, but working dog food also often has higher protein content than pet food, as working dogs tend to be more active than pet dogs. --- The stuff I buy is £12 for a 15kg sack (33lbs). One sack will feed an adult Lab for a month.
It's pretty simple really. Washing up is a ballache, so meals that can be prepared using the minimum of crockery have become popular in recent times. --- Or were you referring to the fact Dr Chris is getting married? Can't help with that one I'm afraid as I've no idea who Dr Chris is.
Super cute. With a harness on from day-one are you expecting them to be a super strong puller or something? &amp;#x200B; I've always started with a slip or collar leash so they never get into the habit in the first place (while they aren't strong enough to hurt themselves is the best time to teach them not to pull).
This comic certainly shows the author's age (or lack thereof).
Is this a joke? Ethernet is digital, the audio from your mic is analog. The two aren't in any way compatible. If your camera doesn't have a pigtail with audio-in support then the easiest option would be to replace your current IP camera with one with a built-in mic,or the ability to accept an external one.
Swapped out one of the pots for a multi position switch on mine and added a balance lead from the battery connector to the charging port so a lipo/lifepo4 can be properly balance charged while still in the handset. I had to set a custom curve for the multi-switch as the one I got was in no way linear, but other than that it was pretty plain sailing.
&gt; London pays far more tax than is spent within it That's a complete bullshit argument though. London only pays more tax as that's where most national chains locate their headquarters. If I take out a business loan or mortgage to buy a house a start a company in my local town even if I take out that loan at a local branch of my bank (assuming one still exists) the profits the interest on those loans generate (and taxes paid on those profits) are registered and collected in London. If I'm like 99% of the population and do my shopping at a local supermarket then the profits and taxes aren't paid by that individual store, they're paid nationally and in most cases their HQ will be in London. If I book a local travel agent whose head office is based in London then according to you any taxes generated on the transaction &amp; profit are paid "in London, by Londeners" when the reality couldn't be further from the truth. I could go on and on, but I'm sure the point is clear. --- ...So yeah. I respectfully disagree with the assertion that "London pays more taxes". London may *collect* more taxes, but the economic activity which gave rise to those taxes being able to be collected likely occurred nowhere near the place.
What subsidies? If Car tax (VED) and fuel duty were spent solely on maintaining and expanding road infrastructure rather than going into central taxation then they could do so more than ten times over. NB. I'm not arguing that cars are good for the environment, or that we need more of them (less cars on the road and more folks switching to public transport, evS, ETC. is obviously a good thing for all). But to suggest that drivers are subsidised is pretty laughable when the taxes they pay to operate their vehicles are at least ten times greater than is spent on maintaining the infrastructure those vehicles rely on. --- Conversely, and to play devil's advocate for a minute... if rail travel wasn't subsidised and instead passengers had to collectively pay 10x the cost of maintaining the rail network a trip from Manchester To London would probably cost more than a new car.
&gt; I worry that the electric future will be prohibitively expensive so when the inevitable ICE ban comes in, it'll be the poorest who can't afford to upgrade who feel it hardest. Oh, you can be sure of that. Just like solar subsidies meant that the energy bills of the middle &amp; upper middle classes (who can afford the upfront cost of the panels) were being subsidised by everyone else EV subsidies are doing the same for their transport. Thankfully the EU recently dropped their draconian import tariffs on solar panels imported from the far east, so at least solar panels are cheaper now than when they were heavily subsidised by feed-in-tariffs (while being taxed at ~65% by the EU at import). So while the middle classes still get to benefit from their fancy solar panels it's no longer the taxpayer footing the bill. --- Also, IMO there should be subsidies similar to those available for EV cars available for eBikes. eBikes are a lot more viable for the masses and massively cut down on congestion in cities ...more so than regular bikes, as even when ridden by the relatively unfit they're more able to keep up with traffic flow (when traffic does flow that is). That policy would cut congestion (so should win over car drivers), help the environment (so should win over green-minded folk), and would be a subsidy everyone can take advantage of (not just the wealthy). ...If that isn't a vote winner then I don't know what is.
Where will it be placed? If on grass then assuming the hot tub will be in place for more than a few weeks the grass will be dead when the hot tub is removed ...which will necessitate re-seeding or turfing the lawn. Landlord may insist on re-turfing, so be prepared for that expense. If it's on a deck then be aware that water is insanely heavy so be sure it'll hold the weight (it probably won't). If it's going on a patio then you should be be fine. --- If in doubt just ask your landlord.
...real ones it is then.
...and where insurance will actually cover the theft. If it's just leant up in your back garden good luck getting your home insurance to pay out.
A bullet to the head is no more painful to an animal than a lethal injection. It's squeamish humans who place value on a 'peaceful death'. Practically though a bullet is quicker &amp; cheaper than an injection, and ends up with the exact same result.
I prefer to be a bit more proactive so I'm mostly in commercial property at the minute with a bit of residential. * £25k p/a from a single main tenant with 10 years left on contract (multi-acre site). I currently only own half the site but am looking to buy out the rest which will double the income to £50k * £4k p/a combined income from renting a couple of small workshops/storage units (shipping container sized units). * £7k p/a income from a mid-size warehouse (2000sq ft) * £3k p/a livery income from a stable yard * £12k p/a residential income Everything is self managed, although I do sometimes think it'd be worth paying someone to deal with the hassle when things go south. No other pensions or investments at the minute as currently all the income from the above goes toward other projects (currently converting a couple of derelict farm outbuildings into cottages for rental, doing all the work myself). I'm also working self-employed part-time when not managing and working on the the above. --- NB. Will be deleting this comment tomorrow sometime as I don't really like too much personal financial info floating about online.
&gt; deleting your comments will get you banned from /r/UKPersonalFinance or /r/EUpersonalfinance Of which this is neither, nor are you a mod here; but thanks for the warning about those subreddits. I just unsubbed from UKPF as I see you're a mod there. Whether you agree with folks deleting *their own comments* or not, making screenshots of someone's post when they've made it clear they intend to delete it is spiteful and kinda childish IMO, but whatever makes you feel like a big man I guess.
Criminals are increasingly switching to strong acids instead as there are no laws against possessing acid. ...so guess what they're banning now.
The eggs are the only bit which is generally done to taste though, which is why they're the part which are often enquired about. "How do you like your eggs in the morning?" isn't just a cheesy chat up line, it's saying "I'm making you a fry-up tomorrow, would you prefer your eggs scrambled, fried, boiled or poached?".
Don't worry about it. There are trainers out there who insist on never letting a dog off the leash. Those are generally ones who will advise that you let your dog stop &amp; sniff whenever they feel like it. If someone has so little faith in their abilities to train a dog that they're only ever going to let the dog outside when it's being physically restrained by a leash then this is solid advice; as sniffing and exploring *are* both important things a dog should be able to do. So yeah, they're right in that respect. If you intend to train a solid recall and give the dog plenty of off-leash periods of free play where they can do as they please then *this* is the time they should be encouraged to explore and take in the world around them; Not when they're walking down the street going from A to B.
It's like the internet.
\#SUSANALBUMPARTY
UK has a lower *knife* homicide rate than the US. ...so much for the so called 'epidemic' our media keeps bleating on about.
Just use an ad blocker. I get that sites need money to operate, but any site which places ads within the content gets the adblock treatment from me. Likewise with noisy ads, auto-playing videos, or whole site 'sponsored themes'. I used to subscribe to Reddit gold but they even managed to muck that up.
&gt; Average panels supposedly produce around 15-20 Watts per square foot. Presumably there's a significant reduction if the panels are laid flat vs pointed toward the sun? On this car some are on the bonnet, some are on the roof &amp; boot. The ones on the front and back of the car are effectively facing opposite directions, which is going to be highly sub-optimal.
&gt; Because this kind of technology can't work with OLED I don't see why not. Would it not be possible to skip every other OLED pixel and have plain glass in its place? When the OELDs above the camera are turned off half the light (the bits which aren't blocked by OLEDS) will be hitting the camera's sensor. This can be compensated for by having a larger sensor to gather the diminished light. If the OLED density is high enough they can just up the brightness to compensate for the fact that there are only half the amount of LEDs compared to the rest of the screen. With a high enough density you wouldn't even notice.
Great comparison. Are they all based on full occupancy, or based on average occupancy for that type of vehicle? Eg. Outside of rush hour trains, buses, etc. are very rarely filled to maximum occupancy. Last time I was on a bus I could count the number of passengers on one hand. Likewise cars are usually only travelling at 1/5th max occupancy. Planes on the other hand are nearly always full. And with the diminishing legroom in modern short-haul planes some might say *too* full. --- EDIT: Also, even during rush hour the mass transit options will spend half their trips mostly empty. Eg. in the morning travelling out to the suburbs they'll be pretty empty, then be full when ferrying commuters back into town. Overall that's a 50% capacity rate over both legs of the journey.
&gt; Cars in general, but the Volkswagen Group (which Porsche is part of) especially have made massive improvements in efficiency in that time. ...Made massive improvements in faking emissions tests more like.
That's all they could find.
Oh yeah, I get all that. I was kind of joking. As in ...they searched high &amp; low and could only find that many folks who would admit to being members.
Man, you'd probably hate living in the UK then. There are no generalised 'leash laws' here. Unless there's a local bylaw or a sign stating otherwise off-leash is fine pretty much everywhere. The only rule is that the dog must be 'under control'. I often see dogs sitting unleashed outside shops waiting patiently for their owners, off-leash dogs walking to heel down a street alongside their owners (with cars whizzing past inches away), off-leash dogs in urban parks playing fetch with their owners while ignoring other people &amp; dogs (not "dog parks", just regular parks), dogs on rural trails walking alongside their owners who are on horseback, etc, etc. --- Teaching dogs to have patience, self-discipline and self-control just seems to more tightly ingrained and expected of dog owners here. And that's made much easier by the environment they're training in. People &amp; kids will by &amp; large leave strange dogs alone; as will other dogs. I think it's safe to say that if from a young age your dog regularly came into contact with off-leash dogs who completely ignored them they would likely have never become reactive to off-leash dogs in the first place. Granted, it's a bit of a chicken and egg problem as you already have a reactive dog, but hopefully you can appreciate that had they been brought up in a more off-leash tolerant environment and had overwhelmingly positive (and by positive I mean neutral) experiences with off-leash dogs they likely would not have the reactivity issues they currently do. --- Don't get me wrong; It's not all milk and honey here. Poorly trained dogs with bad manners do exist here, as do dogs who have never been taught a proper recall. Thankfully though, even without the existence of countrywide 'leash laws' owners of such dogs are usually gracious enough to *not* allow those dogs to run free. And it's probably that part which is equally important in creating an environment where off-leash dogs are not just tolerated, but encouraged.
2D &amp; multidimensional universe theory is the backbone of my argument when trolling folks about a flat earth being theoretically possible. ...usually in conjunction with the simulation hypothesis. --- So far, when arguing with people who actually know a thing or two I've won every time. ...with laymen, not so much; as many of the concepts that the argument relies upon are far too conceptual for a lot of folks to get their heads around (as exemplified by half the comments on this page).
So long as the EU are investigating each and every MEP with the same vigor as the ones they disagree with then I don't have a problem with this. Are they?
&gt; “System come crashing down”. The laws are above the people in power in theory. Well yes, they *should* be. But how often have folks in power got away with stuff us mere mortals couldn't dream of? ...and what makes you think the EU is somehow immune from this sort of abuse of power? (it's a fallible political system the same as any other)
&gt; batteries in the thousands of pounds I really like the idea of an EV, but this is the one which really concerns me. The high cost of replacement batteries kills any resale value of an EV. Literally nobody is going to drop five grand on a second-hand EV, then the same again on a new battery for it. It's just not gonna happen. --- Range and plugging the thing in aren't major issues (I have a old Range Rover if I need to do long distance in comfort or tow anything substantial, and a pickup for hauling crap around and work jobs). For just nipping to the shops or going out locally for a meal, school run ...shit like that is what an EV would fit in for. I don't commute, but that too for folks that do.
Not really Brexit related, but I read somewhere that there were about a million more bikes &amp; eBikes sold in the UK than cars last year. So shit does seem to be moving in the right direction. ...Don't get me wrong, I love driving, love cars, but do wish there were less of the damn things on the road :)
&gt; The Segway is up there with Blair Witch (that came out a few years earlier) in showing that internet buzz could be a marketing bonanza that could create buzz like nothing before. ...also showed that "buzz" doesn't necessarily translate into sales.
Depends if I'm on my phone drinking a coffee and eating a sandwich at the time. If I'm doing all that while smoking a cig and changing the radio station I'd probably want to stay below 100. ....for the kid's sake.
It was a handful of takes cleverly cut together to seem completely seamless IIRC. There are quite a few 'long take' shots in that movie that are done this way. ...The cuts were as few and far between as physically possible, so each cut was still longer than most. --- And while the car's movement was an entirely practical effect there was a lot of VFX as well (the motorbike flip being the most obvious example), but also ball catching, the fire on the windscreen, the windscreen breaking, the entire roof &amp; headlining of the car (which didn't exist during filming to allow the camera rig to move about within the interior), etc. But it's all done so well that it's still held up as an excellent example of practical effects. Which should be seen as the ultimate form of compliment to the VFX team involved.
And the motorbike crash. And the fire on the windscreen. And the falling glass when the windscreen breaks. And the camera leaving the car at the end of the scene. ...And probably about another dozen bits that were done so well you can't really tell it's VFX.
Because quite a lot of it is... https://www.artofvfx.com/i-am-mother-vfx-breakdown-by-fin-design-effects/
It just has the pressure measured in bar rather than psi. ...If in doubt, stick to 2 bar (\~30psi)
If it's family or close friends I've usually gone with a few hundred worth of foreign currency for wherever they're going on honeymoon. ...I'll get the notes in low denominations and on the wedding night I'll get each note signed by a guest and have them write down a short message to the couple. That way they get to read all the messages as they spend the money on their honeymoon, which makes the gift slightly more thoughtful than just giving them a wad of cash. It also gives me reason to mingle and speak to as many people as possible on the night. Which is also good as I'm crap at that sort of thing normally. --- If it's just an acquaintance or work colleague or something and I'm only attending the evening do then I'll just get them a mid-range bottle of fizz or spa voucher or something (and a card).
Airlines could just jack up their prices for bookings coming from people living under the flightpath. They can then use those extra revenues to pay compensation to people living under the flight path.
I think he's shown that nobody can trust a word he says about Brexit. And his election result shows that most people have the sense not to. He spent his whole life railing against the EU at every turn and now when he thinks it suits his political ambitions he's suddenly in full favour of a second referendum and remaining in the EU ...but wait, not really, because first he wants to negotiate a different deal that he'll then turn around and stand against at said referendum. If that's not the epitome of a duplicitous &amp; untrustworthy political operator then I really don't know what is. I'm just glad the electorate were able to see through him.
The whole EU needs to change how it handles the situation IMO (the UK included). --- Illegitimate economic migrants should be sent back to their home countries, genuine asylum seekers and those with no papers should in the most part be sent to aid camps nearer their claimed home countries. Along with donations of financial aid, food &amp; medical supplies to those camps in order to care for those not fortunate enough to be able to afford to pay people traffickers to smuggle them across a continent. Money spent looking after refugees here in hotels, B&amp;Bs, &amp; private homes can and would help orders of magnitude more people over there, due to living costs, economies of scale, etc. This is undeniable. --- This approach would still save us (and the EU) money in the long term over what we're currently doing, and would free up funding to help untold more people from these war-torn regions. It would also put them in a better place to return to and rebuild their country once the conflicts end. Not to mention it would dissuade people risking their life savings and their lives making dangerous crossings in order to reach the EU and UK in the first place.
Lance Armtrong never played in arcades I take it?
The billions in aid they'd get which would otherwise be spent putting up these folks in hotels should help with that. ...Germany alone spent [over €20 billion](https://www.reuters.com/article/us-germany-budget-refugees/germany-spends-record-23-billion-euros-on-refugees-document-idUSKCN1SQ182) just last year housing, feeding &amp; integrating asylum seekers, and that's only one country in the EU. Offer Jordan (as an example) that money instead and they can help millions more folks than Germany can alone. And with the extra money and aid they can offer proper help, not just squalid aid camps. The money can also go toward building the economies and prospects of the countries which are housing those displaced by war. --- You'll probably also find that those with questionable paperwork suddenly remember that they aren't actually from the war-torn country they're claiming and decide that they'd rather return home to their actual country of origin instead. Which will lower the total numbers of legitimate refugees being relocated there.
I don't think anyone realistically spends 10k a year on maintenance &amp; upkeep. Unless they made a dreadful purchasing decision. You do hear a lot of people taking about what happens when things go wrong, but people with problems are also the tiny minority. You simply don't hear from those who move into a new house and have no major issues. I live in a reasonably large 150 year old house in the UK where it's constantly wet &amp; windy and probably spend a tenth of that on upkeep. I don't know how it works in the States, but here local property tax (council tax) is paid by the resident whether they own the property or rent it; so that doesn't really come into consideration when comparing the two options as you'd be paying it in either case. Same with HOA fees where applicable. --- You also have to ask yourself how much you'd pay in rent to live in a similar 500k house (including yearly rent increases). Then ask how the landlord is able to afford all the upkeep, plus pay taxes on the income, property taxes, etc, plus pay their mortgage. They're obviously still making a profit else they wouldn't be doing it. ....Talking of rent increases, they're inevitable whereas your mortgage amount is usually locked in for the life of the mortgage. If you decide to overpay as you earn more you can do (if you want to), and it'll just mean you own the home outright far sooner. When your rent goes up you see no benefit.
....Thick insulation also keeps the heat out in summer.
In other news... cigarette 'importers' rub their hands in glee.
You missed probably the most important questions.... How are you gauging your ROI on social media marketing spend? How are you setting targets and what metrics are you using to determine if SM campaigns are deemed successful?
A true serial killer would just sign up all the people they don't like.
&gt; It's early on in his tenure but he is trying. ...very trying. I do view him as mildly preferable to Corbyn though, so he does have that going for him I guess.
I don't think she's specifically transphobic. It's probably more that in her mind trans people are still men underneath, and Jess hates men &amp; male privilidge. So not really a surprise she'd be considered 'transphobic'. ...This is quite a commonly held belief among radical feminists. They don't dislike trans folks per se, just men in general and they're incapable of making the distinction.
Nice troll. But some people do sincerely believe shite like this, and it's people like that who are the reason why the party has lost touch with the electorate.
I can't imagine the glass weighs much more than a steel floor. ;)
Kinda reminds me of the [Penkenbahn in Mayrhoffen, Austria](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3f2sZZtz0WI#t=1m20s). That one isn't quite as extreme, with *only* a 1.5km span between two ridgelines (with the requisite huge drop as you go between the two). It does also have about a 10 degree change of direction just as you crest the middle ridge though, which used to jolt the cars quite a bit and would always unsettle the more nervous passengers. That one's been running nearly 30 years though. It was pretty unique when it was first commissioned.
Even so, most drivers still rate them for learning a track (but not so much for learning the car).
Yep. The main thing is the the centre of the screen be level with your eyes (so the horizon is where it would be in real life). [Here's my poverty setup at home](https://i.imgur.com/nwC6IrE.jpg). Which works on a similar principle, but without the fancy actuator gizmos or wrap-around screen.
Some people are assholes. Some people are bigger assholes.
When the overweight obese cat literally rips off its own skin did it for me.
The last two words of your comment were superfluous.
And the irony is that this mess will likely also kill the stageplay.
Do you not have friends with opposing political views to your own? How is this any different?
I think I'd have picked a super common word, with the thinking that everyone else is specifically picking uncommon words so is less likely to pick the common ones. ....I'd just have to hope nobody else was using a similar tactic.
If you cross referenced the list of uniquely chosen words with how [common each word is](https://www.wordfrequency.info/free.asp?s=y), what was the most common word that only had a single person pick it?
...CLAP
Our absence.
Fuck that. I hate hanging around for folks who are constantly late. Those folks are the worst. Especially when they feel like they're entitled to be late so don't even bother to apologise for their tardiness.
I'll settle for a municipal Irn Bru supply (so long as it's the original recipe not the sugar-free tasteless crap).
That's not good queuing etiquette, that's multiple layers of pointless &amp; unnecessary bureaucracy. ...are you sure you weren't in Germany?
Looks great. I'm sure you won't, but please don't fall into the trap of having the dumb AI units you're supposed to be escorting constantly charge headlong into enemy fire or AI that hangs back constantly badgering you to clear the next area so they can move forward. Both those things usually sap all the fun out of escort missions for me. Escort missions are a tricky thing to get right and not many games manage it. --- Good job though. The aesthetic looks amazing.
Have done similar before. We used pasta sheets as fins and an ice-cream cone on the nose. Cook the shit out the baguette to stiffen it up and add strength then bore out most of the bread from the middle to add lightness.
For lead-free solder that looks perfectly serviceable (I'm guessing it's lead-free?) --- EDIT: Was going off the preview image which only shows the top half of the pic. Yeah, the ones down the side aren't quite as good, lol. Don't be afraid to take them off and redo them. Get some liquid flux and leaded solder, both help immensely.
I tend to prototype on a breadboard using a D1 Mini (the in-built USB-serial makes programming easier but sucks power so not ideal for finished battery powered projects), then transfer that prototype to a perfboard and bare ESP-12/07 module with mostly through-hole components. Then go on to a custom PCB and SMD parts. eg. [Here's a fairly compact perfboard monstrosity I made a while back](https://i.imgur.com/ephKWx0.png) which is about as simple as it can get. It has a low-power 3.3v LDO and breaks out the I2C pins for making simple MQTT sensors. 2mm pitch pads onto a 2.54mm perfboard isn't ideal but is perfectly doable if you're only using a few of the pins and use a thin bit of bare wire to bridge the ESP pads to the perfbaord. ...a good idea that I didn't think of at the time is that when you next get some custom PCBs made use some of the extra board space to have some custom prototyping boards made which have 2mm pitch pads for the ESP module and then takes the GPIO pins you're likely to need over to a small area of 2.54mm perfbaord you can then use for development. To program the bare modules you can either break out the tx/rx pins in your design along with adding the required pin connections to enable flashing, or get a [suitable programmer](https://www.aliexpress.com/item/33007957721.html) so you can pre-flash the module before installing it in your project (I went for the latter). --- I also put some code in the setup function which before anything else happens checks for a particular shorted GPIO pin and then puts it into OTA programming mode so I still have the option of making OTA updates to the firmware in case there's any last-minute changes that are required or extra features that might need adding once the thing is 'finished'. ...If memory is tight you might need to skip this step though.
NB. You can get kevlar reinforced 2mm hydraulic hose which will handle up to 10-20kPSI. It's usually marketed as 'test hose' as it wouldn't usually be used to push working fluid through but to run up to the cab or control board where a gauge could be fitted to measure/test system pressure.
&gt; Houses are expensive but your mid 20’s so you shouldn’t expect to have a 3 bed house in a nice area without a big help from the bank of mum and dad. We live in the era of instant gratification though. People tend to forget that it's called the housing ladder for a reason and that the vast majority of folks have to start at the bottom rung and work their way up as their earning potential increases and they build equity. Very few are anywhere close to fortunate enough to be able buy their dream home right off the bat ...and many *never* do.
Out of interest, does it sum up the total combined stick movement when working out what motor rpms to apply? (with the main boom counting double as the twin rams have double the piston area &amp; displacement).
A link to their voting records maybe?
You mean the "Farage method" of public engagement? Worked for him I guess. But yeah, rural MPs who's constituencies cover a large area tend to do this sort of thing all the time.
&gt; or god forbid do even worse then yes, get rid of them. If they do worse then it's unlikely to be purely a leadership issue. It'd be hard for any future leader to be as disliked as Corbyn is/was (even if they were trying). A worse result than 2019 would signify a further mass rejection of Labour's core values &amp; policies, not just that a bad leader was picked.
Didn't Corbyn even claim that Labour "lost the election but won the argument" (or some BS like that) even after the 2019 election? Would seem lessons are still failing to be learned.
&gt; I don't know what pigeon tastes like. Well unlike chickens they actually get to use their wings, so like pheasant &amp; partridge they'll have a distinctive 'gamey' flavour and the breast meat will be red meat not white (again, due to the fact that the muscles actually get used). ...Taste far more like rabbit than chicken. Some folks like that sort of gameyness, some don't. --- Generally you just take the breasts off rather than fiddle about plucking &amp; dressing the whole bird for not a lot more meat. Removing just the breasts is super easy and only takes seconds once you've done a few ....So when you've shot 100+ in an afternoon you can have them all breasted out and in the freezer before it's time for dinner. They're a great way to fill your freezer up with organic &amp; natural meat for free *(or ~10p each if you include the cost of your shells). You're also doing your local farmer a massive favour (some will even pay for your shells if they're having major issues with crop damage).
I wouldn't call them 'tactics' per se, much more likely that he's just a genuine alcoholic.
" ♪ ♫ We're off to see the wizard.... ♫ ♪ "
At my GP you can turn up without an appointment and sit &amp; wait for a cancellation or no-show if you like. It's normally a good way to get seen ASAP if you're in a pinch and don't want to wait a few days. So long as you live nearby you can also leave your number with reception and they'll call you back if someone rings to cancel an appointment later that day.
Where farms (and houses for that matter) are on known flood plains then no I don't think compensation should be given as the chances of flooding and the results of it would have been factored into the lower land prices paid when the land was purchased. Where land &amp; property was behind flood defences and those defences failed or were inadequately provisioned then yes, I think it's entirely fair that compensation be paid.
Or tell him to just back the pickup he filled with sand in the previous shot right up to the doorway so he can shovel it straight out the bed directly into the shed.
I think this is probably a lot to do with it. Folks who had made complaints about how Momentum, Corbyn, Milne, etc. were handling things were constantly demonised and shouted down by those in charge so eventually they got sick of it, decided to shut up and let them get on with it and see how they do. They didn't do well (to put it mildly), and now those people who were forced into silence feel vindicated and justified in carrying on airing the same complaints they were previously shouted down for, hoping that this time they'll be listened to. ....it's not working.
If it's *too* windy they have to put the brakes on so as not to overdrive the turbines.
Oh I don't think any of it is deliberate 'bullying' per se. It seems to be more that many folks are blissfully unaware of how current attitudes permeating the party are negatively perceived by the wider communities the party is supposed to be there to represent. And those who *aren't* unaware of the divisions they're causing seem positively proud of the fact that they're sidelining people who would otherwise be voting for and supporting the party. That's a dangerous combination as both those groups seem to feed off each other in social media echo-chambers, patting each other on the back &amp; cementing their attitudes. Making the problems worse, and making all involved completely deaf to any suggestion that they might need to tone it down a notch or two if the party is ever to get back to the point where it's electable.
Why should those taxpayers who can't afford to put thousands of pounds of solar panels on their roofs pay to subsidise the energy bills of those in the upper middle classes who can? ....who will likely only spend the savings on an extra foreign holiday or two.
...or all those revenues could pay for a whole week or so of EU membership. Sounds like a deal to me.
Um, yep. Me too.
I'm completely in favour of employees right to strike, but that option is there to force an employer to change its practices, not for any reason you feel like; especially something the employer has absolutely no control over. Calling a general strike if you don't get the general election you want or because your football team didn't win isn't something your employer can hope to resolve so shouldn't be considered a valid reason to call for strike action. --- EDIT: &gt; Expecting employers to to give a damn about their workers rights is... wrong, according to you? And that's in no way what I said at all. Maybe re-read my comment and adjust your response accordingly.
There's the ["Escapade challenge"](https://www.latania.co.uk/skiing/escapade.html) Doesn't cover every run, but takes you all over the ski area and can be done in a day if you start early and plan your route well (and pick a non-busy day with good conditions). As the article says, at its peak it involved skiing over 100km and 17000 vertical meters in a day ...the equivalent of skiing from the top of Everest down to sea level then going back to the top and doing it a second time. --- We just managed it in 2007, but very nearly missed out by one lift. Had to persuade the liftie to let us on after the official closing time as it was the only one left to do before we had a long run back home.
Do you already know the area pretty well? If not, consider spending a few days doing the route you intend to take split across a couple of days so you can take your time and get to know how to get from A to B when you're not in a rush, aren't tired and are thinking straight. ...Then combine it all for a final push and attempt to do it all in one hit. --- We were there for a season so had plenty of time to figure out how we wanted to do it. We'd also got to know folks in different resorts so crashed at someone else's place the night before so we could start close to Val Thorens and tick that area off first before winds pick up there. With the route we took it also meant we could end up back at base in Le Praz without having to get a taxi. I've no doubt it helped, but this wasn't really to save time; It was so we wouldn't get most of the way around just to find that half of Val T was closed due to high winds ...this happened to some of our group during an attempt they'd made earlier in the season. We still had to change our plans about half-way through when a lift was shut for some reason I can't remember, so we did a detour which cost us the best part of an hour and nearly scuppered our attempt (and would have done if we'd not been able to take an after-hours lift to complete the route). If it hadn't been for the broken lift we'd have probably done the route with an hour to spare. NB. We went in two groups of three, each going opposite ways around the system. One group didn't make the whole thing. Don't remember why. Groups of two would have been better as you'd likely save a minute or two on most of the smaller lifts. --- As for what day. So long it's not a French bank holiday ideally I'd go for it on a Saturday as it's typically changeover/transfer day for non-French tourists so not as many folks on the slopes. Might not be possible if you're one of those who will be changing over though :) Having said that, lifts are all pretty fast nowadays so queuing on busy days is far less of an issue than it used to be,
...yes, and it [applies even when Labour is in government](https://www.politicshome.com/news/uk/political-parties/labour-party/news/104590/watch-tony-blair-tells-jeremy-corbyn-%E2%80%98enough).
Usually only go for a 100 bird round. My next door neighbour has a clay ground. It's only 40 acres and the route goes in a figure-8 with the car park &amp; lodge in the middle, so if you don't want to carry 100 shells you can stop by the car and grab some more part-way around. So yeah, I just take a pocket full of shells and my gun in a slip.
So long as they're foregoing any inheritance and money they'd get for being part of the royal family then good on them. I wouldn't want my life to be under such constant &amp; intense scrutiny either. I don't mind the taxpayer funding the royals so long as they're carrying out the engagements &amp; duties that their titles require of them. If they aren't willing to do the latter ten they shouldn't get the former. Seems fair to me.
These are even better pan fried with a bit of finely chopped cooked bacon.
Why even use a peltier? Just use a refrigerant/compressor based cooler and a heat exchanger to chill the water in the underfloor pipes (same as how a beer chiller works).
Breadmaker bread, yes. When buying flour from a local mill and decent quality yeast sachets in bulk from a cash &amp; carry the loaves cost something like 10-15p each (about a tenth the cost of supermarket bread). ...Tastes miles better as well, the smell is awesome to wake up to when using the timer function, and you know exactly what's in it. The two of us will normally get through a loaf before it goes stale, and if it does start to harden up it still works great for soup-dipping, eggy-bread/french toast, or for making croutons. Even if you wound up throwing a load away each time you'd still save a bunch (also why I buy spuds in 20kg sacks). I'm really not a fan of cooking at all (nor am I any good at it), but throwing a few ingredients into a tub and hitting a button is something even I can manage; and the results are most definitely worth it for the freshness alone. --- NB. We actually have two breadmakers as someone I know was throwing one out that they never used. There was nothing wrong with it and our tin was starting to lose its non-sticktivity whereas there's was like new. Means if we've got folks over or having a BBQ we can have two fresh loaves ready at the same time for max freshness, or can quickly knock out decent sized quantities of pizza dough for the outdoor pizza oven.
What episode was this? I don't remember it.
[Pikeys.](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6NAjXgfi6PA)
; )
&gt; What good would having a riot achieve Their TV is probably getting a bit long in the tooth and they want an upgrade (it *is* the [2011 model](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/2011_England_riots) after all).
Well at least the conspiracy theory that he was being railed on purely because there was an election upcoming has been well &amp; truly blown out the water. ...Corbyn really is just that dislikable.
&gt; especially as he acknowledges Iran's responsibility in the very next sentence. ...You mean the part where he praises them for owning up to it (without any mention of how they did everything they could to cover it up first).
It's unlikely that resellers would be able to flash the modules without first removing them from the reel and I'd guess you'd need to be ordering multiple reels before Espressif/AI-Thinker/etc. would consider pre-flashing them for you. --- I've never heard of it done like this (probably for a reason), but for smaller amounts you could possibly make a custom programmer using pogo pins which pierce the top layer of the reel to connect to the power &amp; serial pins so they can be programmed without removing from the reel. Then wind them off the reel and back on again once programmed. That way you could send the pre-programmed modules on to an assembler without them needing to be re-packaged onto a new reel. Once you have a good relationship with the assembler you could then ask about sending them your custom programmer and see if they'd do the flashing for a fee. That would save you having to have the reel shipped to you first for flashing before forwarding the pre-flashed reel on to the assembler.
Have you seen what difference assigning a static IP makes yet? It's not overly practical for a production device, but it shaved loads of time off for me.
I just received a part reel of 12F's from [these guys](https://www.aliexpress.com/item/32633529267.html) @ 85p ($1.10) per module, plus a couple of quid shipping. For a full reel (800+) you'll do even better elsewhere.
Was it?
Job Centres are pretty crappy places to find professional work (as I doubt ousted-MPs are looking for work in McDonalds &amp; the like). If you have desirable qualifications &amp; professional experience then you're infinitely better off signing up with recruitment &amp; headhunting agencies who will actively shop you around to employers who are looking for people with your skillset.
I note that this meeting took place in a drinking establishment. This is wholly inappropriate and unprofessional from the Labour MP.
I think the long run-up helped.
Not really. Corbyn believes that socialism is what Venezuela is doing. He's also said that's the form of socialism he'd bring to the UK if given the chance. ...this was obviously before it all went to shit over there.
The EU wants everyone to see themselves primarily as 'European' and gradually strip countries of their national identities. Removing national flags from the European parliament might seem like a insignificant &amp; petty thing to moan about (and on its own it is) ...but that's the idea; It's all part of the gradual homogenisation of national identities as a precursor to a federated European superstate. As Jean-Claude Juncker famously stated... &gt; "We decide on something, leave it lying around, and wait and see what happens. If no one kicks up a fuss, because most people don't understand what has been decided, we continue step by step until there is no turning back." --- ...whether you view this as a positive thing or a negative thing really depends on your view of the EU and whether you deem national identity to be important or not. And both interpretations are equally valid.
If you aren't worried about it waking up *precisely* at 8am/pm and are fine with a second or so either side to allow for slight timer drift, then be aware that the duration variable sent to the deep sleep function is an [unsigned 64-bit int](https://github.com/esp8266/Arduino/blob/75a6a3f0730a2c20af7b444f2e0044e39e77607c/cores/esp8266/Esp.cpp#L110-L115) nowadays (meaning you can sleep for multiple hours or days if you wanted); So you can check the NTP time, work out how long till 8am/pm (whichever is less) then tell it to sleep for that duration. ...As a backup you might also want to default to setting it to sleep for 12 hours if NPT time not available for whatever reason. If you subtract micros() when doing this then you'll also be taking into account the execution time of the most recent feed cycle, which should retain good enough accuracy so long as WiFi &amp; NPT time is occasionally available. --- NB. This means every time it wakes up it dispenses food, but it's only waking up twice per day. This will simplify your code somewhat as there's no variables to keep track of between wakeups. Your battery will also last longer as you're only waking up and connecting to wifi twice a day rather than 24. --- In Pseudocode: Wake up Init wifi connection Cycle feeder mechanism Check if wifi has finished connecting Connect to NPT time server Get current time Calculate time until next 8am &amp; 8pm then use the smallest Sleep for that period If no wifi connection or NPT server connection fail Sleep for 12 hours minus time since wake
Or just shop online.
Dump the majority of subsidies for electric cars and apply the same total funding to e-bike subsidies instead. Electric car subsidies should continue to apply to the elderly, infirm or severely disabled. Everyone else should be pushed towards e-bikes &amp; public transport and away from cars altogether. ...A million quid in subsidies could knock five grand off the cost of the car purchases of a lucky few 200 wealthy middle class households, or it could outright buy e-bikes for five times as many folks on low incomes who actually need the transport subsidy.
This simply can't be true. In a recent membership ballot held by Momentum, every single person who voted in favour of a candidate voted for her!
...and people still can't fathom how &amp; why Labour has lost touch with regular working people.
A legendary bellend? NB. I kinda liked the guy (from what I saw of him at least). But he should definitely have tried a bit harder to keep his own personal and political beliefs out of parliament where the primary aspect of his job is to remain impartial.
...he won *the argument*.
For most companies enviro-packaging is more about the companies image and as an extra marketing talking point rather than actually doing anything to genuinely help the environment. This is just the reality. If being eco-friendly gets more sales then a company will be eco-friendly and that's just the way it is. --- I use wood shavings as packing fill, but mainly because it's a legitimate byproduct of the manufacturing process and I might as well use something I have on hand which is a free byproduct rather than pay money for something else which will increase the overall cost or reduce margins (and still leave me with a byproduct to get rid of).
&gt; I really don't know why someone didn't decide at some point in the past to fit ducting for new installs and retrofit it for old ones. All services in one easily accessible chamber. [One company did suggest it](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=THoCE_9tyfk), but the idea was mistook for a clever marketing campaign for some brand of beer or something.
...and their intuitions were proven correct. So I guess the lesson should be that when the PLP say someone will make a terrible leader the you might want to listen to them.
Did you miss the half a dozen other cables underneath the orange ones?
Question: Do you have the puzzle ID so I could start from scratch with it?
Watch the Orville, and Star Trek Continues Much better than the dross which is Discovery --- ...also The Expanse (although it's nothing like Trek)
&gt; Trump's rallies are more like WWF. &gt; I think people will try and emulate his style in years to come. [Probably](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sGUNPMPrxvA)
Positive impact for who? Presumably not those who are actively discriminated against?
Could also be that they've been thinking of selling their current offices for a while ...as they'll make millions due to London land &amp; property appreciation. If they were planning on selling up &amp; moving anyway why not score some easy political points along the way?
Being a dithering &amp; ineffective opposition hasn't worked for them thus far. What makes you so sure that carrying on with that failed tactic will be any more successful in the future?
[Yeah, looks like they rented it](https://www.standard.co.uk/business/conservatives-matthew-parker-street-hq-sold-in-515-million-deal-a4110346.html) The move is probably due to it being bought by new owners then. Maybe their new landlords hiked the rent on them and they decided not to renew the lease?
Out of interest, why does it need to be wireless in the first place? Normally you'd have the contactor triggered by a pair of float switches in your water tank. One near the bottom of the tank which triggers the pump when the tank is low, and a second one at the top of the tank which activates the stop switch when the tank is full. --- I don't live there any more, but that's how my old borehole pump worked.
If you don't care for presets then the analog version is probably easier to use with otherwise identical capabilities &amp; internals. I have the digital version and setting the temperature is a pain. I wish I'd just got one with a twisty dial on the front; Much easier.
I'm not surprised. The country you live &amp; work in will nearly always be the most important \*to you\*. How it's run has a direct &amp; tangible impact on your life, and the running of your own country is the one that you have the most agency to affect change in if you aren't happy with how things are done.
It kinda will do once you get it going. Isn't that the entire point in the stuff?
Yeah exactly. Service dogs, like gundogs, should be trained to be super resilient, have impeccable self-control, and be able to handle stressful situations without batting an eyelid. ...this dog showed none of that whatsoever.
Be aware that they only work with 2G compatible SIM cards. They won't work on networks that only have 3/4G connection. ....I found that one out to my cost after ordering a bunch of IoT cards which didn't work. The company took back the ones I hadn't opened though so it wasn't too bad. Just a bit annoying more than anything.
Watch the last portion of the video of the dog being 'walked' in a quiet local environment with very few distractions about. It'll tell you everything you need to know.
Would certainly keep the local glaziers in business.
....improve the rail network? They could stick their HQ on the HS2 route and it'd be job done.
Usually governments use their huge buying power to pay \*less\* for goods &amp; services and get companies to compete against each other so the taxpayer gets a better deal. What services will she be cutting so the government can artificially pay over market prices for steel it uses in infrastructure projects? How much over the odds is she willing to pay? Will this policy apply to other industries where the government makes major purchases (pharmaceuticals, etc), or will it be limited only to ones which have large unions who donate lots of money to the Labour party? --- I have so many questions.
Nice idea, except folks actively can't stand salespeople.
Then you'd know that the person you employed to go around collecting all the donations together from each jar is a thief willing to steal from a charity. Without this they could skim the odd note out of each jar and nobody would ever be any the wiser.
It has 4 tracks and all four tracks are driven, so "4x4" still technically works I guess.
If you're using SIM cards in your IoT device you really should use dedicated M2M ones which connect to your own custom APN so you have full control over where they can &amp; can't connect to. Seems like this barnacle idea was half-baked to say the least. ...or even better, use a SIM-On-Chip where there is no SIM "card" and the SIM is a chip soldered directly onto the device.
&gt; This was before the recession, so employability was not pressed on us as a high priority. I went to Uni in late 90s (so also before the recession) and it was super impressed on us that the degree we chose would likely heavily shape our future employment prospects and earning potential. ...This was at a fairly standard comp school, not some high-flying private institution. I wonder what changed?
Now if they'd gone with "Free beer!!" they may have been on to a winner. ...Corbyn doesn't drink though so that was never going to happen, and ["free coconut water"](https://www.independent.co.uk/news/uk/politics/jeremy-corbyn-alcohol-no-drink-unilad-coconut-water-apple-juice-labour-leader-a7775461.html) doesn't have the same ring to it.
Just tell Corbyn that "Netflix" is the pseudonym for a dangerous Iranian foreign agent being held by Israel on terrorism charges. ...He'll have a "Free Netflix" policy drafted out by lunchtime and will be petitioning the UN to make it happen before supper.
...but now they have more air than crisps ***by weight***!
Same. I make my own flapjacks, shortbread, etc. nowadays. Flapjacks with raisins and topped with chocolate is my current go-to. They only take like 5 mins to prep and another 15 to cook. ...I can make a whole tray of them for about the price of a miniature mars bar.
I'm not a solicitor, but I'd guess that'd only be a civil matter between the employee/employer though right? The police aren't going to go around investigating people telling porkies on their CV (at least I'd *hope* they'd have better things to do).
Depends how he approaches it. If he were to state that he's attending as a regular member of the public and bringing his family for a day out and that he won't be there in any political capacity I can't imagine there being any problems. ...If he went in asking to make a pro-Tory speech on the podium though I could see things quickly going sour, ex-miner or not.
I think that's more that traditional working classes of the mining era are getting smaller in number and being replaced with upwardly mobile middle-class white-collar workers. --- I grew up in a small mining village in the midlands which was plagued by crime and deprivation in the 90s and early 00s when I was growing up there (and presumably before then as well). In the last 15 years the place has literally been transformed into an up &amp; coming commuter village (now officially a town), and in just the last couple of years tens of millions has been spent transforming the main shopping areas and village centre. The high street there is now booming and things are looking pretty rosy. The old &amp; bitter ex-miners have mostly retired or expired and the place is now filled with optimism and a sense that things aren't as bad as folks had previously been led to believe. Granted, this is a ex-mining village which happens to be located in a long-standing Tory constituency with a Tory run local council, but if what's been achieved in my local area can be replicated across their new Northern territories then they could be on to a winner.
I'm not so sure. I read an article a while back about folks doing similar with SIMs out of those pick up &amp; go scooters that have been springing up in cities all over the place. So it's certainly believable. If you're a new tech startup who's never worked with IoT and M2M SIMs before then you might not even know that custom locked-down APNs are even possible. --- ....but yeah, even if you aren't large enough to want to go to the expense of laying out a self-hosted APN then at the very least you should have expense tracking on each SIM with alerts if certain expected data thresholds are breached.
&gt; There are plenty of nice professional apartment buildings - and young people would find those desirable in town centres. True while they're young and want to be close to the 'action' (was certainly true for me). Those views often change as they start to consider building a family and are looking for a bit more space (also true for me). --- NB. I lived on a narrowboat in my 20s ...couldn't afford to buy a house or flat but still wanted the city-living experience. Now I have a smallholding on a couple of acres out in the sticks.
The former. I had a mooring at a small boatyard in Castlefield, Manchester ...about as close to the centre as you could get. Was £22/week IIRC (over a decade ago). It wasn't an official 'residential' mooring but plenty of folks there were liveaboard and nobody was bothered about it (often better for security having a few folks living on site anyway). --- NB. The boatyard has since been replaced with a stack of dinky 1-2 bed yuppie-flats ...which is admittedly probably a more efficient use of space if your main goal is to cram as many housing units into as small of an area as possible.
Huh, Rommel was in command of the Eastern front? I'm going to need a source for that please ...else I'm going to have to assume the rest of your comment is made up BS as well.
I use lengths of [alkathene/MDPE water pipe](https://www.google.com/search?tbm=ischq=MDPE+water+pipe) when I've got young dogs who are teething. Cut a load into 6" lengths and treat them as disposable. The plastic is food-safe (as it's designed for potable water), and deforms rather than breaks apart when chewed so they'll be far less likely to ingest any bits. I have a smallholding and always have random lengths of the stuff knocking about so it was pretty much free, but even if you had to buy some you can make dozens of teething toys for a couple of quid. --- Dogs really don't care if their toys are bone shaped or whatever. All they care about is that they have something they're allowed to chew &amp; gnaw on whenever they want.
Hah, not quite. I'm converting all the derelict farm buildings into small workshops and storage units to rent out, and have converted an area of the site into an additional dwelling, so had some left over from that. We also have a couple of pheasant release pens on some land we rent the sporting rights off for a shooting syndicate I run. Each pen is about an acre in size and has a few dozen bell drinkers hooked up to a large tank at the top of each pen. ...so yeah, there are always water pipe offcuts floating about the place for various reasons.
When I was in my early 20s I bought a narrowboat. I didn't want to be spunking money away on rent every month but also didn't want to be tied to any one place. I paid £25k for mine (15+ years ago), and wound up selling it for £35k 8 years later. They tend to hold their value very well if looked after, but won't appreciate if you just sit on it like a house often will ...I made good money on mine as it was scruffy when I got it; I professionally repainted it in my spare time, and spent a good deal of time and a few grand neatening it up and making it much more presentable. --- There are 4000+ miles of navigable waterways in the UK so unless you're very unlucky there will nearly always be a mooring within an easily commutable distance to anywhere you might wish to relocate to during your early career.
I was living in central Manchester (Castelfield) and working in Carrington so had a car for getting to work, yeah. I was on a mooring not doing the continuous cruising thing so only tended to move the boat when I took it into the countryside to moor up next to a pub for a long weekend or whatever. Didn't need the car for that.
Aww man, I'd kill to get a job in prison training puppies all day.
&gt; If I remember right, a drug dog will have a "plant" every once and a while. ...which still usually results in an arrest :)
Out of interest, how much were they charging for a brace of peasants on the feather?
Plucking isn't all that difficult, just messy &amp; time consuming. Personally I don't bother. I get mine straight from a small syndicate shoot I manage. Since I'm not paying for them I tend to just breast them out (which takes less than a minute and gets probably 80% of the meat out). I did 20 a few weeks ago in maybe 15 mins; then made a big Goulash stew to feed 30 folks. The rest of the ingredients cost about a fiver. They're cheap eatin' if you shoot them yourself. --- ...Game dealers near me pay ~20p a brace. I'd rather give them away than sell them for that. We're only a lads &amp; dads shoot though so rarely shoot more than will be taken away by folks there on the day (as it should be IMO).
There looks to be ~200 odd bottles on that rack. ...Yeah, you're basically hanging 1/4 of a ton off your wall. A couple of drywall screws in't gonna cut it.
I get the need to blur out officers and civilian's faces for privacy, but was there any need to blur out the entire video?
&gt; What kind of volume do they deal with when paying 10p each? It must be fairly large or it wouldn't be worth their while, surely? I couldn't say for sure, but it'd be thousands a week. The fact they can buy them on the feather for 10p ea, and sell them dressed to supermarkets for £1-2 (or probably double that if they're selling direct) is precisely *why* it's worth their while. &gt; I was under the impression that game was very small-scale, and that it was sourced from a small number of private estates and that's why it attracted a premium price tag in the supermarkets or farm shops. It's fairly small scale when compared to the rest of the meat industry "small number of private estates" is a bit of an underestimation though. It's estimated there are close to 10,000 shoots in the UK, releasing 20-30 million birds each year. Most shoots reckon they average a 30-40% return on what they release, so even allowing for some birds to not be edible (dog damage, poorly shot, etc) that's still millions entering the food chain each year ....much of which is exported to the continent where game meat is much more in demand. Sounds a lot, but compared to the 1 billion plus broilers bred &amp; slaughtered in the UK annually it's barely a drop in the ocean. --- Best way to get free game is probably help out on a shoot. All our beaters &amp; pickers-up get to take a brace or two home after each outing. As do the guns. You don't necessarily have to help out on the actual shoot days if you don't think that's for you. Maybe you could offer to breast out &amp; package a bunch of birds for them to give out to their guns, guests &amp; helpers and you get to keep any remainder. So yeah, there are enough shoots about that there are probably several nearby you could approach. --- As for rabbits and the like.... If you got yourself a half decent air rifle and went around asking a few farmers if they have any rabbit problems that need handling I'm sure you'd eventually find a good source. Personally I have a couple of cooking apple trees that produce way more apples than I could possibly handle. I used to pick them up off the lawn &amp; bin them, then tried local food banks ...who weren't interested in anything not in a packet or a ready-meal. Nowadays I leave them on the floor for the rabbits, then cull the rabbits once a year when there are no apples left for them to eat. Keeps the local rabbit population at a sensible level that they don't get wiped out by Myxy and other diseases, and fills my meat freezer up with free organic apple-fed rabbit meat once a year. Win-win!
66.4m - adults &amp; children in the UK 55m - adults have the right to vote 46.5m - were registered to vote 33.5m - actually voted 50.3m - didn't vote for remain 16.1m - voted remain Only 1 in 4 Britons voted for remain --- ...Now let me see you argue against that completely flawless logic.
If you think my argument above is moronic then that's pretty hilarious actually.
Had to do a double-take when I saw the thumbnail. Your yard looks remarkably similar to the courtyard in my smallholding ...right down to the broken down Ford ranger (wrong colour though). Does the engine in the Ranger work? if so is it for sale by any chance? :)
Ah no worries. Mine wasn't bad for rust bar the bonnet (which was rusted through all along the front). --- &gt; I think we’re planning on sticking some mud sluggers on the rear to give her a bit more bite in the fields. For mud pluggers I can recommend [Insa Turbo STs](https://i.imgur.com/OHHyQCN.jpg). That's what I'd put on mine during winter months ...[Had no trouble carting a full load of 12-13 folks about across our pretty claggy fields](https://i.imgur.com/wEEvGTL.jpg). --- ...If I don't wind up finding a cheap engine to put in mine I'll have a used set for sale in the spring :)
Well you already called your own argument moronic. Hardly surprising that you're ok with it being called pathetic as well rather than try to defend the indefensible. At least you're willing to admit it. That's better than most I suppose.
Interesting that when your own arguments are thrown back at you they're 'moronic', 'laughable', 'goading', 'jibber jabber', and 'trying to get a rise'. I'm not trying to get a rise out of you, merely have you yourself disprove and point out how dumb your original argument was. Seems to be working as you can't help but dig yourself a deeper hole to fall in.
Smaller racing ones do. The larger ones (like the old [cross-channel hovercraft the UK used to run](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Inog40YZcYs)) all have separate lift &amp; thrust fans.
Yes. Worth a watch though if you like B-movie sci-fi. There are actually some genuinely good bits in it as well.
To elaborate... Whitewash (also called limewash) is extremely cheap lime-based paint which is used to quickly and cheaply paint over large areas of buildings. That's where the phrase 'whitewashing' originates from.
Because your distance to the earth's axis of rotation gets smaller at Northern latitudes and is at it's maximum at the equator.
If you're burning up bits then you probably need to slow down and/or use more pressure. --- A decent set of machinists bits will tell you what speed and pressure is needed for optimum results in different materials. Personally I tend to work out the pressure by feel (if I'm making decent chips with the bit at the correct speed then that'll do for me). I guess if you wanted to be anal about it you could put some bathroom scales on your pillar drill then bear down on it to get a feel for what sort of pressure is needed to meet the bit manufacturer's specs. --- To avoid skating with chisel tipped bits I'll usually use much lighter pressure until the chisel has found its mark, then go for it. With split point bits they should start off on the centrepunch mark first time without any effort at all (which is also why they're better for hand-drilling where getting the bit perfectly perpendicular is much harder).
Could we get a similar chart for low incomes and high incomes? --- For most working folks I'd say the UK probably has about the best tax burden to public services ratio across most of the western world (or maybe the whole world?). Personally I'd prefer it stay that way. ...I mean, which countries provide more comprehensive public services than the UK who also have a lower tax burden? (I guarantee there won't be many).
Median *household* income is about that, so maybe that's what it's referring to?
You mean when they're on a high after an election landslide and riding a honeymoon poll-boost that won't last forever? ...and while both main rival parties are undergoing major restructuring and leadership changes? I'd imagine there's probably no better time.
&gt; and stopping distances were amended. If anything, if stopping distances were amended they'd be shortened significantly. ...Modern cars stop way faster than ones from when those stopping distances were devised. Even including reaction times a modern car will stop from 90 way faster than a car from the 60s will stop from 70 (the 70 mph limit was introduced in the 60s based on stopping distances of cars from the era).
Heh, nice. I don't think my dog ever even saw a leash for their first 6-months or so. Young pups normally have a very strong natural tendency to follow you around everywhere. If you make strong use of this before adolescence kicks in and they start to want to explore away from you more that can get you half way toward having full control off-leash for very little effort. ...I'm on a rural smallholding though, and this method only really works if you're lucky enough to live in an area with plenty of private land you have permission to work your dog on which isn't full of other dog walkers. Of course there are no leash laws in the UK also. Your dog just has to always be 'under close control' and trained self-discipline counts for that.
Having a [box of these](https://i.imgur.com/geLvZ7E.jpg) saves a bunch of time for the common lengths and short connections. ...I've had these for donkeys. Don't even remember where I got them from.
Must depend on the hospital then. I had a colonoscopy a few weeks ago (no sedation as I was driving), and they just put my bag, clothes, phone, etc. under the gurney I was wheeled through on. ...no lockers I could see though, no. --- Or maybe it's just different if you opt for sedation? I can't see why it would be though.
Was this a DIY modification of a bought upgrade? If it's the former do you have any details?
I think the zany shirts are kind of his thing. ...I think he sells them if you;re interested in one!
Might be mainly a UK thing. It's not super popular so is quite niche, but there are plenty of videos on the tubes showing it.
Wait, they fly a brand new flag every single day? Isn't that rather wasteful? Why don't they just use one until it gets a bit tatty?
You can even write to Bush if you like and pretend neither of the others were a thing!
Hell, I write to Lincoln every year ...I mean what harm could it do. It's weird though, all he sends me back are car catalogues.
IMO Labour would be best pushing hard for PR reform, and then split into two parties. One side to campaign for more extreme-left and 'radical solutions' ...that nobody in the country actually wants; the other side to concentrate on getting the job done, and getting into power so they can make an actual change rather than a purely theoretical one.
In other news, writer of said report to be offered peerage in dissolution honours list provided by Corbyn.
Not really. They're connected to the UK's national grid so pull from that when it's not windy and put into it when there's more wind than they can make use of.
....by switching to Momentum/EU/DPRK/Nazi style ballots with only one name on them? I jest, but Momentum *has* truly fucked Long Bailey's chances of ever being able to use the word "democracy" without having that ballot brought up.
...oops If you tell a lie enough times ~~it becomes the truth~~ *some will end up fact-checking you*.
You need to be a Dutch citizen to vote in national elections in the Netherlands (same as here).... &gt; [Residents without Dutch nationality are not allowed to vote in national elections, only in municipal elections.](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Right_of_foreigners_to_vote#Netherlands)
You've seriously never heard of a muck spreader??! https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xbhumni6N5Y https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eXefnoLWZwk --- The alternative is petrochemical based fertilisers, which I presume is what you'd prefer farmers use?
So... not lies.
Ditto. I honestly don't see it happening though. The 'wokeness' has become far to entrenched. --- Best thing would be for the party to campaign hard for PR, then split into two. A sensible centre-left party for government and who might actually stand a chance of getting elected. And a hard-left campaign pressure group party whose purpose is to stir up division and contempt for anyone with a view differing from their own. Currently we only have the second part and not the first, and I'm not convinced that the two can successfully coexist within a single party. At least under PR those with extreme-left views would be able to vote for both.
Isn't there a saying about this? Something along the lines of "The right look for converts, the left look for traitors; and both usually find what they're looking for."
Ignorant would be a better term. And there's nothing wrong with being ignorant; so long as you're aware of your ignorance, and act accordingly. ....normally by keeping quiet and learning about the areas you're ignorant in until you're able to speak from an informed position of knowledge. Wading in throwing your weight around when you don't have a clue makes you *look* thick. Even if it's just naivety and ignorance you're displaying.
Pro-tech giant &amp; pro-business. ....Sorry, but that's just not the Labour way.
*old way*? What else would you do with your roast chicken carcass other than make a broth with it?
52 out of 54 seats they lost voted leave and you seriously reckon if they'd gone all-in on remain that would have miraculously changed the minds of enough leave voters in those constituencies that they'd have won the election? That's almost preposterous in its naivety. --- Also, Corbyn was a staunch Euroskeptic for is entire political career, so Labour fully backing remain was never going to happen on his watch.
[Where's Tom Selleck when you need him?](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=S9zzHnRYxtc)
Are you talking about the MEPs or the people in these comments bizarrely siding with Corbyn?
You'd claim against her insurance and if they felt that the secondary collision was a result of emotional distress caused by the incident with the lorry would likely counterclaim against the Lorry driver's insurance. ...they'd 100% try to do this if at all possible. It costs them nothing to do so as they'll already be dealing with the lorry's insurance company anyway, and if the counterclaim is accepted they'll have nothing to pay out which will save them a bunch of money (as a rule insurance companies would rather somebody else's insurance pay out wherever possible). As a bonus their client's noclaims will be unaffected which will make them look good as a company.
Anyone can buy &amp; own deactivated firearms, but to have an active firearm deactivated, or import a deactivated firearm there are fairly strict regulations on how the deactivation process is carried out. For instance, if you're buying from abroad there will likely be extra hoops you have to jump through to ensure the firearm has been deactivated to UK standards.
Young white urban-centric student politic types. Although many of them have somehow managed to convince themselves that Starmer is a bourgeoisie shill only there to represent the corporate elite so they'll probably devolve into pointless infighting before long.
&gt; They said either I pay for the postage to send it back or I can keep it. I got the guy to send me an email confirming that. Free stuff! Surprised they didn't let you drop it at an amazon delivery locker. That's how I prefer to return Amazon stuff. The convenience of returns is one of the main reasons I use them so much. ...not that I'd be complaining in this instance though!
Bigger wind turbines are way more efficient though (eg. if you double the diameter you more than quadruple the power output, trebling gives 10x the output, etc). Onshore you're limited to the size of turbine you can transport by road (often to a remote hilltop location where road networks aren't the best). Offshore the only limit in size is what physics will allow, and materials science is improving constantly so offshore turbines are getting bigger &amp; more efficient with every single iteration. Offshore wind also tends to be far more regular &amp; reliable. Not to mention that air density is higher at lower altitudes &amp; temperatures, further increasing efficiency (sea breezes tend to be cold ...and you can't get much lower altitude than sea level). --- They're also good for coastal employment. Shipyards that used to build oil rigs &amp; related infrastructure can retool relatively easily toward building wind turbines. There's also a big overlap in the skills required to build, service &amp; maintain oil rigs &amp; wind turbines. So as one coastal industry declines it's kinda handy that there's another one requiring very similar skillsets ready to plug the gap. --- ...All in all, offshore just makes a lot more sense for the UK.
Offshore turbines are miles bigger than onshore ones. ...Bigger turbines spin at lower RPMs so should be much easier for birds to see &amp; avoid. Also, bigger turbines are way more efficient so far less of them are needed to generate an equivalent amount of power.
There are a couple of smaller solar fields just up the road from me... https://www.google.com/maps/@52.9270023,-1.0516715,613m/data=!3m1!1e3 https://www.google.com/maps/@52.9352153,-1.0600642,620m/data=!3m1!1e3 (if you zoom out a bit they're about half a mile away from each other)
&gt; meaning they're now probably not financially worthwhile The cost of a solar setup with no subsidies is now way lower than it was previously, even with subsidies. All they were really doing is causing regular working folks to be subsidising the energy bills of the upper middle class home owners who had 6-7 grand sloshing around that they could spend on a solar setup. Those folks can now still buy a similar (or likely better) solar setup for the same money, but without costing the taxpayer anything. That's a good thing in my book. --- ...same is largely true for EV subsidies. They only really help people who don't need help. IMO EV subsidies should only be available to the elderly and disabled. Everyone else should be offered eBike subsidies instead. A £3k EV subsidy can either help one wealthy person knock 10% off their brand new £30k motor, or can more than halve the cost of an eBike for ten times as many regular folks. I'd sooner help ten people half the cost of their transport and cut congestion at the same time than help one person who can almost buy a brand new car, but not quite.
If the doors had been shut it would have absolutely blown the windows out. But yeah, singed seats are probably the worst that happened here.
&gt; In HK they were used to prevent facial recognition from picking people up by blinding the cameras. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5rdXvtdSIF8
No, of course not. Protesting during an active deadly pandemic is one of the dumbest ideas imaginable. It's Trump-level dumbassery of the highest order. The police in the UK aren't perfect by any means, but protesting them right now in order to capitalise on the awful situation currently going on in the US is the height of absurdity. --- It's pretty much impossible to remain socially distanced during a protest, especially if things become as heated as they have done in other countries (often through no fault of the legitimate protesters). A second protest-related infection spike will just prolong the lockdown, making sure many more businesses go bankrupt and more people lose their jobs &amp; livelihoods. This is a sure fire way to lose support for your cause. So no, I won't be supporting protests like this in the UK. Not while Covid is still a major source of concern at least. --- Hopefully the weather is awful and nobody turns up. That will be the best possible outcome for all.
It's fine for very young kids. For the same reason that lego, meccano, etc is probably better for teaching kids engineering skills over giving them a pile of steel, a grinder and a welder. --- IMO there could be a middle ground though, where as you're piecing together blocks the actual resultant code is being generated in realtime in a separate window and kids can see how the blocks they're adding are affecting the actual code that they're creating. Highlighting a portion of code could also highlight the relevant blocks (and vice-versa). ...Ideally it'd work the other way around as well. Editing the code directly would cause new blocks to be placed and connected. That's a much greater challenge though as you have to worry much more about layout &amp; positioning than when you go the other way.
Is Covid no longer a thing then? Did we quietly cure it and nobody told the newspapers?
Heh, I just posted this as a reply to a comment above yours. ...should have finished reading them all first I guess.
How the hell is it whataboutism when the very article being discussed is literally defending the actions that led to this bloke's death? ...You know it's possible to be supportive of the legitimate protesters, while at the same time outraged at the actions of the police and the looters.
Probably introduced when telemetry radios were expensive to keep costs down and keep the hobby affordable and accessible to as many folks as possible.
2003 (Bush/Blair era).
Because that requires effort. Changing the icon requires a simple flood-fill.
Sure the UK has issues, as do most countries. Are they severe enough to risk protesting during an active deadly pandemic? ...potentially causing thousands of unnecessary deaths, a second infection wave resulting in another protracted lockdown, further business bankruptcies, further job losses, further destroyed livelihoods, etc, etc. I'd argue no. --- I'd even go as far as to say that the above would likely destroy support for the protests and causes they support among those who would be affected by those unnecessary deaths &amp; job losses.
Seems to happen every time with these sorts of protests, and yeah it only feeds the stereotype and puts across the exact opposite message to that intended. And in this case, if the violence doesn't turn regular folks away from the cause the predicted secondary infection wave, extended lockdowns and resultant additional business bankruptcies &amp; job losses likely will. --- And it's not even the case that the UK police are particularly bad. Yeah they have issues, but nothing worth unnecessarily prolonging the active pandemic that's currently got the country on its knees. Seems like an own-goal on every level.
&gt; only available in Asia Not sure how true that is. I have one with a standard UK-spec keyboard (ie. differently shaped keys not just different key labelling). I don't see why they'd make a UK-spec key layout if they had no intention of selling in UK markets.
Speak to the landlord and be open with them. In the current market many landlords are keen to get folks tied in as it reduces income uncertainty. Tell them that you'll likely have a member of the household moving out at some point soon but would like to remain in the property. Mention that you're concerned about having to fill the vacancy in the current climate, then see if they'd be willing to renegotiate the tenancy agreement and renew it for a further 12 months but at a reduced rate until you find a replacement. Be clear that the alternative would probably mean you having to move out when the current contract expires. I wouldn't ask for a 25% reduction as you'll just end up putting their back up as you aren't leaving any incentive for you to fill the empty room. If you were to ask for 10% and make it clear that this would only be until the room is filled then they might be willing to do that in return for the reassurance their properly will remain occupied and earning for at least the next 12 months. With most of that hopefully being at the current rental level. ie. the remaining three of you will have to pay 5% more of the total each, and the landlord will be receiving 10% less, so you'd be offering to temporarily meet them in the middle somewhere until a replacement is found. ...This will go even easier if you already have a good relationship with them, (which seems to be the case going by what you're saying). --- Landlords really don't like having to find new tenants at the best of times, doubly so now that the airBNB model is shot so all those places are back on the rental market. It costs them money to advertise, vet people, not to mention having the property sitting empty. Moreover they don't know whether the new folks will look after the property, pay on time, not trash the place, upset neighbours, etc. They'd nearly always rather keep a known-good tenant on than go through the rigmarole of finding and vetting replacements. ...A bird in the hand is worth two in the bush as they say.
Might be ok in OP's case, but 10ga is still somewhat lacking if you're making a long string of LEDS. ...10m of 10ga wire running 5V @40A will only be able to supply 2.4V at the far end. If we assume that the LED strip's conductors will be able to carry half that current you'll still only be getting 3.7V.
&gt; For me it was accounting. Same. Accounting &amp; admin is soul crushing as you feel it's eating up time you could be getting paid for. --- My solution was simply to stop charging based on billable hours. I just charged clients a flat monthly rate per device. With that they got 'unlimited remote support' (callouts were charged extra). eg. You might have a small business with a handful of desktop/laptop PCs, NAS, router, couple of printers and maybe a few company phones. They'd pay a flat rate each month based on number of devices I was providing support for. Some places you might only need to do a few hours a month for. Others you'd be getting a call every other day. ...Monthly rate varied by client depending on how needy they were and was adjusted up/down as required. Also a higher rate if they wanted 'priority support' (ie. if they want you to drop everything and fix their issues ASAP rather than when you get around to it). You soon got a feel for what you need to charge different clients to cover your time &amp; costs. Occasionally you'd have a one-off issue that takes up a ton of time so you'd be losing money on that client that month, but the rest of the time you're often being paid for doing nothing (if you're doing your job properly that is). --- Charging this way gave clients piece of mind &amp; made it easy for them to budget their IT support costs. More importantly it removed 90% of the admin work for me and ensured I got a relatively regular income for the work I was doing.
Possibly, I'd not thought of that ...but their currency utilises a dollar symbol so I'd have thought they'd be more inclined to use a US layout. [Wikipedia tends to agree](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Technical_standards_in_Hong_Kong#Computers)
Calum at [English Shooting](https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCyV32zPb0gxz5x_fEkM2CCw) has some great videos covering how to get started shooting in the UK. He's also active in this subreddit. Here's some covering what's needed to apply for a [Shotgun certificate (SGC)](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LyNz0kMHWY4), and another for [firearms (FAC)](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=U_AB-9UsV-Y). His videos cover pretty much every UK shooting related topic you could think of, so I'd start there and browse some more of his videos then come back when you have something more specific to ask.
You mean the shuttle wasn't capable of landing on a barge? ...pfff
Don't forget &lt;hr&gt; --- For when you really want to underline a point.
This is why I prefer Branston beans. Better taste, less sugary, higher beans to sauce ratio, ringpull tins *and* stackable.
Those are actually pretty great. A sharp one will open a can just as quick as a winding opener. I have a fancy one with a comfortable plastic rubberised handle. I use it more than the winder-type. I also have [one of these](https://www.etsy.com/sg-en/listing/564102398/vintage-bottle-opener-utica-club-beer). I think it came with a house I bought, or maybe the narrowboat I lived in during my 20s. All I know is I've had it well over a decade and it's super handy. Will open beer bottles, drinks cans where the ringpull has snapped, and food cans at a pinch (have to work around the edge and doesn't do a clean job, but does work). I always throw it in with my camping gear.
Get them from a trade cash &amp; carry (Makro/Bookers). I think they're in slabs of 48. ....We don't eat a lot of beans, just buy them infrequently.
That's a shame. My main experience with small Japanese offroaders was with a Daihatsu Sportrak (Rocky in the US). Bought one for £300 and drove it for almost a decade with next to zero servicing or maintenance. Thing was bulletproof. The interior on that was pretty robust and made with nice sturdy-feeling plastic. Was kinda hoping new Jimnys might be similar. --- [It also flew pretty well](https://i.imgur.com/iZk1IJr.jpg) ...[and the bonnet made a pretty handy toboggan](https://imgur.com/a/CuLioau) Yeah, that car definitely [took a beating](https://imgur.com/a/TboWw8j) while I owned it.
They should probably first declare it to the revenue and see if any tax is due on the income. hopefully the fines won't be too steep and they'll get to keep some or most of it. Then they can pay it in to a bank and be honest about where it came from rather than having to lie or say it's from money they earned while avoiding taxes.
"The UK are just more honest when it comes to reporting deaths". No doubt that will be their line, and it'll probably work as there's also a grain of truth to it.
Why even bother with a petition? If the last week or so is any indication then if you don't like a statue you can just deface it or tear it down no questions asked.
Isn't that the point though. Folks cheered at BLM toppling Colston's statue, they said 'hang on a minute' when BLM defiled Churchill's, now they're after Gandhi folks are starting to think that maybe the whole anti-statue movement has gone a bit too far and that we should forget the whole thing.
What percentage of those burglaries through the front door are a result of the lock being picked or raked and what percentage are via the door being kicked in? I'd imagine that the former are so few in number that they're statistically irrelevant.
Yes indeed, but you were specifically talking about lock manipulation being something the average person should be concerned about. I'd imagine that having a solid door is way more important. --- IE. If you have a few hundred to spend on securing your house, don't bother wasting it on high security locks. Making your door harder to kick in will be money far better spent.
I'd want to see his health &amp; hygiene certificate first.
We use Bookers/Makro for our bulk buying. Probably shop there every 6-8 weeks. - 48 bread rolls - £5.99 ...frozen, part-bake (same as you get from Lidl "bakery") - 30 Demi Baguettes - £8.50 ...frozen, thaw &amp; serve - Dog food - £6.99 a sack (on Amazon it's [double that](https://www.amazon.co.uk/Wagg-Chicken-Kennel-Complete-Food/dp/B00EMMHNMU/), even with S&amp;S) - Beans - Tenner for 24 tins - Chopped tomatoes - £11.50, 24 tins (they do cheaper ones at £3.50 for 12, I've never bought them though) - Flour - £9 for 16kg - 1000 Yorkshire tea bags are something like £16 - 96x 12" tortillas - £12 - Good quality thick cut smoked bacon is £8/2kg - Meat in general is way cheaper than supermarkets but I can't remember any of the prices other than the bacon as I tend to use the village butcher for everything else Some of those are from a receipt I have next to me from last week. Some are best guesses from last time I bought them. Generally food-type stuff will be 20-50% cheaper than the supermarkets. And normally better quality as they're geared up for supplying restaurants &amp; the like. --- I also get things like toilet &amp; kitchen roll, cleaning products, detergent, etc. from there. I don't reckon they're any cheaper than the supermarkets on those, but I prefer buying the bigger quantities they sell so I don't have to think about running out, plus the less trips to the shops the better (especially now).
&gt; Lease expires next March. Are lodgers classed as excluded occupiers in the US? (or whatever the US equivalent is) Not sure how it works there, but in the UK fixed term leases for lodgings (where you live with the landlord) are pretty much non-binding and can usually be ended by either party at any time. eg. I could give my lodger 24 hours notice to leave and they'd legally have to do so (likewise they could up &amp; leave at any time with no penalty to them either). ...In the UK at least, lodgers have far fewer rights than tenants, but also have far fewer obligations. --- Might be worth checking the rules on lodgers vs tenant rights in your area.
True it's not the best. I use it more of a base then add a measure of fishmeal &amp; a teaspoon of cod liver oil with it. ...Dogs also get veg and other leftovers, as well as rabbit &amp; pheasant offal when available.
There's a video a bit further up in this subreddit where some whackjob preacher is being sexually assaulted by a mob and another video where he's being dragged away unconscious. Are you somehow reclassifying the word 'assault' so it doesn't apply when committed against the mentally ill?
&gt; We vote Exactly. We all elect people to make decisions on our behalf. The people of Seattle voted in the Mayor who decided this was a good idea. ...For better or worse, the CHAZ movement didn't come from nowhere it was their elected representative who called for this and allowed it to happen. --- This is a representative democracy in action and CHAZ is the people's vote speaking for them. If they don't like it, they're free to call for the Mayor to resign then vote one in who will restore normality.
Forgive me as I don't have a farming degree from Stanford, but is hammering a piece of cardboard and doing some form of bizarre rain dance on top of the plants supposed help them grow? --- If these guys aren't supposed to be there then why is nobody stopping them? Isn't CHAZ supposed to be self-policing?
He may be mentally ill, but his protest against your movement was entirely peaceful and non-violent. --- Also worthy of note is that the bystanders did nothing so by the movement's own logic were equally complicit. ...If that's the standard we're expecting of law enforcement presumably it should apply equally to all. Have those involved in the assault and those who did nothing while it was occurring been rounded up yet? What form will their punishment take? What is the punishment for assaulting and sexually assaulting a peaceful protester in CHAZ anyway?
[This is one](https://www.reddit.com/r/CHAZRevolution/comments/h8p1dl/this_post_is_banned_ok_other_chaz_reddits_but_for/). The one with him being dragged away was a reply to a comment on some thread I can't remember, and I'd rather not go trawling through posts to find it. [I found this via a quick google](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=G40IFh9HUDY) although the twitter version was longer and had more context.
I guess they're always free to forfeit their property to the collective and move out of the zone if it bothers them that much. Collectivism is all about self-sacrifice after all.
People voted in the mayor &amp; governor that pulled police and instigated the autonomous zone in the first place. As such it could quite easily be argued that the project is part of wider democracy in action. If folks really wanted to put a stop to this they could call for the mayor to resign so they can elect somebody else. Nobody seems to be calling for that and she's fine with all of this. --- Maybe CHAZ will be a roaring success and a model for other progressive cities to replicate nationwide. Did you even think of *that*?
It's in the area normally covered by the precinct the Mayor ordered to be abandoned is it not? How many police normally operate from that precinct that now won't be present in the local area? (both in &amp; outside of the occupied zone) --- Seems like the Mayor has a lot to answer for as seemingly everybody saw this sort of thing happening except her and her allies. I'd imagine her office will be sued into oblivion once the dust settles.
If your laptop can handle a 65W charging rate then the larger one will supply ~50% more power so will do the bulk charging phase much faster. Whatever the case, keep both. Stick one in your living room at home, keep one at work, or in your home office or bedroom, whatever. Or just keep both so you have a spare should the other crap-out or the wire get fatigued, connector break, etc.
Presumably the mayor's office (and the mayor personally) are likely to be sued into oblivion once all this is over. Every business that has seen damage or loss of earnings through the mayor pulling police out of the area will want a piece of them. Not to mention the local residents who have had this forced upon them. ...Lawyers are gonna have a field day.
Assuming you get a narrowboat vs a widebeam the whole network is pretty much fully interconnected. ...lived on one in my 20s.
Nah, when there's no cops around he unfolds the sign so you can see the other two letters.
&gt; So my neighbour, let's say Steve, goes skeet (I'm not sure if that's right, but we have shotguns) shooting with my Dad. Presumably they go pigeon shooting as well? (hence having decoys) Been a bumper year for pigeon up my way ...we're surrounded by spring beans this year.
I remember when jam jars had golliwogs on them. ...in that case I can kinda see why they chose to get rid of them.
&gt; ...What toxic culture? The only group being toxic within the Labour party were those evil {insert Labour group I personally don't like} wankers. Fucking splitters! \- This subreddit for the last couple of years.
You can like a leader but not really like the party they represent. I think Sturgeon is one of the most competent party leaders in recent history (not that there's been much competition), however as a pro-unionist I absolutely detest much of the SNP's rhetoric and policy choices. --- Maybe folks think Starmer is a great person or politician (or at least find him more tolerable than Boris), but aren't a fan of Labour's policy direction, or aren't happy with their local party representatives.
If we come out of Covid &amp; Brexit with any kind of functioning economy whatsoever then he'd be a shoo-in for PM I'd guess. ...If the Tories wind up with having the first female and first ethnic minority PM under their belts it'd make an utter mockery of Labour's all women/BAME shortlists (which are already deeply unpopular with voters).
Cavitation is the enemy with smaller props &amp; impellers as they need to spin much faster to generate the same thrust. Big slow moving propellers are generally way more efficient. Although for a planing craft you do need a certain prop speed in order to get the water moving fast enough which places a hard limit on how big of a prop you can fit for a given engine size. ....which is why you do see plenty of high-speed water craft with multiple outboard motors, twin props, etc. --- Similar principle to wind turbine efficiency. With those if you double the diameter you quadruple the power generated, trebling gives 10x the output, etc. Bigger turbine blades also need far lower RPMs in order to generate that increased power. ...Which incidentally is why offshore wind is so attractive, you can build as big as current materials science will allow and don't need to worry about trucking the parts by minor roads up to a desolate windy hilltop. You also don't get complaints from people living nearby (as there aren't any).
&gt; Saying someone is privileged isn't derogatory. It's derogatory in the same way that saying that black athletes have a genetic advantage is racist. ....it is kinda, but not really. And both can be taken either way depending on context. Also depends if you're referring to a specific individual in order to put down their achievements or are referring to a statistical group.
I'd start with an even four way split for the rent as a place to start from, then you pay a little more for priority use of the spare room and the couple pay a little less as they're sharing (but bearing in mind that they still have the biggest room and exclusive use of one of the bathrooms). Bills split four ways evenly plus a contingency amount on top for buying things for the house. --- Whatever you agree I'd say the person not asking for any special concessions should be paying 25%.
Yeah, and then you have modern organic ['pesticide-free' weed control methods](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Cn5S9TiDcBI), which are sort-of effective, but since you're only affecting the leaves not the roots the weeds keep coming back and the treatment has to be regularly applied until your crops can take over. They also use ~100L of fuel per acre ...per pass (plus the fuel of the tractor). Hardly eco-friendly, but hey they can slap the "organic" label on the packet, charge a hefty premium and the urbanite armchair eco-warriors will queue up to buy it and thank them all the way to the bank.
If you disagree with both options do you just chuck it on the ground?
You can also point at it with a tablet loaded with a configuration cartridge.
I'm sure with enough perseverance it'd be possible to program ICs chip to monitor levels of various materials in a vending machine and order more from a fabricator or appropriate lathe if they fall below prescribed limits. That way you always have building materials ready to go. Just a shame that venders don't have integral stackers. Having to create logic to re-stack items as more are added will likely be just as much of a challenge as programming the logistics procurement system in the first place, if not more so.
&gt; If it’s an internal agreement then it would either be up to you to find a replacement and keep paying your share until you find someone whether you live there or not. Not really. If you're under a joint AST then any party can serve notice to end the tenancy so long as the fixed term has ended; They don't need permission of the other tenants. It'll then be up to the remaining tenants to renegotiate a new contract with the landlord should they wish to remain in the property. --- &gt; [A valid notice to quit served by only one joint tenant is sufficient to end a periodic tenancy for all joint tenants.](https://england.shelter.org.uk/legal/security_of_tenure/joint_tenancies#2)
If I have my dog off-leash in a public area and someone is coming the other way along a path I'll generally have them sit off to one side &amp; wait for the other person to pass. Doubly so if they have a dog. Likewise if we're on a road and a car is coming. But yeah, you do have to think of it from the other person's perspective. If I'm driving and see an off-leash dog running down the road I do get anxious about the possibility of the dog darting out in front of me. If the dog is sat to the heel of it's owner then those worries are alleviated. --- In any case, teaching a dog to be calm in the presence of strangers and stop what it's doing in the presence of traffic is never a bad thing to teach in general.
Well it is that easy, but you end up with a scared and withdrawn dog that is shit scared of doing anything to upset you. I've seen dogs like this and while they are undoubtedly impeccably behaved it's not a nice place for a dog to be, and certainly not a life I'd want for any of mine (or any dog in general).
For IoT you're better off with something like Lora. With a decent gateway antenna 6mile/10km LOS range is realistically achievable. I'm using a dozen or so Heltec Cubecells for measuring water tank levels and monitoring electric fence function. Using a 500mAh Lipo I'm predicted to get over a year's battery life sending a reading every 1/2 hour. The board also has circuitry built-in for solar charging, but at the moment I'm just running off battery power. ...My furthest node is a little over two miles away.
They're all out in the field, but for the water tanks I had some [tiny custom PCBs made](https://i.imgur.com/7IZj6Cp.jpg) which hold an [AS5600](https://ams.com/documents/20143/36005/AS5600_DS000365_5-00.pdf) position sensor. This gets mounted to an [analog tank gauge](https://www.tanksforeverything.co.uk/float-operated-tank-gauge-6ft-oab3309-p) via a [3D printed enclosure](https://i.imgur.com/ZL7g8dO.png), which gives a bit more room to fit the gubbins. The gauge needle is mounted to a 3D printed extension which holds a magnet and leaves a gap for the position sensor to be mounted in the middle. [This is how the internals are laid out](https://i.imgur.com/xKSEJLB.png). On some of them I also added a BME280 temperature/pressure/humidity sensor module (it's stacked on top of the position sensor PCB as pictured above). --- The electric fence monitor is basically just [this guy's work](https://github.com/kiu/lofence) but with a mess of bodge wires so I could use a cubecell (trying to use the same board for all my IoT projects). I've only got one in use at the minute to test its function but when I get around to it I want to properly alter his PCB specifically to house a cubcell then make half a dozen more for myself, plus maybe a few to sell as I've had a few folks I know ask if I could make them some. Don't have any pics as I don't have it to hand. It's also a mess and still very much in the prototype stage.
The annoying thing is that the bare modules aren't much cheaper than the full-on development board. As such I just decided to go with the latter. --- But yeah, they do have USB-UART, USB-LiPo charging, and solar charging circuitry built-in. As well as the ability to toggle power to your sensors in software. If you're using a bare ESP module and wanted to all that, plus an nrf24l01 for longer-range transmission it'll probably add a few quid to your BOM anyway, and you'll need far bigger batteries to get the same longevity which will eat up any other savings you make. If you're using an ESP dev board then getting one which is power efficient enough to be used long-term on batteries becomes the next challenge. --- In the end though, just the fact that straight out of the box the Cubecell dev-board only draws 3.5uA in sleep and only needs to wake up for ~200ms to take &amp; transmit a reading made it a win for me. Oh, and the 10km range.
Shit sorry, I didn't mean to imply that was the case with your dog at all (it clearly isn't). Just in general that the "beat the shit out of them" approach does get results if all you care about is a dog that is deathly afraid of ever stepping out of line. ...Thankfully though, most folks nowadays want more out of their relationship with their dog than that.
Pretty sure we can't go below 15% while still in the EU. --- My suggestion to the chancellor: Pubs have been forced to close for three months, so zero alcohol duty for a similar period! ....Everybody would be so drunk that they won't care that they have no job or money.
15% is the minimum allowed by the EU. Wouldn't be surprised if they brought this up and gave it as a reason to fast-track Brexit.
Great question. Don't have an answer but you should definitely read the Bobiverse books, or listen to the audiobooks. They're about a wealthy bloke who has his body frozen on death and wakes up centuries later inside a computer only to find out that awakened consciousnesses now have basically no rights and are routinely inserted into mechanical devices to become slaves to the state. He does pretty well in the aptitude tests and winds up getting inserted into an experimental Von Neumann probe and sent out into space to replicate himself and colonise the galaxy. There's a lot more to it, but without giving too much away that's the basic synopsis. I can 100% recommend the series though. --- ...and obviously there's a related subreddit: /r/bobiverse
&gt; That seems like the insurance company can't possibly win doing that level of payout for that monthly premium. The insurance policy is issued by Alcor, and they're the sole beneficiary. They can't lose either way. It's like me saying "if you give me £90 a month until you die I'll give myself £100k upon your death. Oh, and I'll do my best to re-animate your body when I get around to it, if that's ever possible, and assuming I don't blow all the money I give myself in the meantime.
&gt; Could you get some precious metals frozen on your body [That's already a thing](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Charon%27s_obol)
That's pretty much all a CubCell is.... 48MHz Cortex-M0+ packaged alongside a Semtech SX1262 LoRa radio.
Wire roof fan as an extractor, rewire your stock cabin fan so it can be operated with the ignition off and can provide positive airflow inward from the dash (via the vehicles cabin air filters if it has them).
Ah yes, and the climbing ropes that pulled out from the wall. We got to use them extensively in primary (with a 1" thick mat at the bottom to protect you from the 30 foot fall should you let go), but shortly after I moved to secondary some killjoy went and cut them all a foot from the top so they couldn't be used. ---- Come to think of it, rope climbing hasn't really been an essential skill since I left primary. The way they had us up &amp; down those ropes you'd think that rappelling down from a helicopter was something that most folks did on a daily basis.
Mine was a boat not van, but just [basic electrical conduit](https://www.screwfix.com/c/electrical-lighting/electrical-conduit/cat830584). It costs pennies. I used 20mm, but if I did it again I'd go for 25mm as 20 is a bit tight when you're feeding more than a couple of thicker gauge wires down it (and heavy gauge is needed for 12V). Or use multiple runs if you don't have the width. Also, get a [bending spring](https://www.screwfix.com/p/tower-bending-spring-20mm-black-pack-of-1/70712) &amp; heat gun to form your own corners rather than using pre-made 90 bend sections. You'll be able to bend it to a smoother radius so wire can be pulled though, and you won't always want 90 degrees. ...and leave a bit of string in each length.
Has anyone ever tried using routed holes with castellated edges so components sit suspended in the pockets? A clear plastic layer could then be laminated over both sides to protect everything, making the cards completely flat. I've always wanted to try something like this as while I love the idea of working PCB business cards they aren't all that practical. --- EDIT: I guess you could also use a very thin PCB with a second thicker PCB over the top which has pockets routed in for the components so that both sides end up with no protrusions while adding minimal thickness. ...only just thought of that and it seems like a much more practical solution. EDIT-EDIT: And now I search it, turns out this is [not a new idea at all](https://www.limpkin.fr/index.php?post/2014/06/16/My-business-card-v2)
&gt; The owner will have a big dent in their pocket but it will run again. Assuming it was a genuine accident and they weren't driving it recklessly presumably insurance will pay for the repair.
If it's sheets, not insulation material you can likely remove it yourself. So long as you aren't smashing the sheets up into dust they're relatively safe to handle. Most councils will allow homeowners a one-time free asbestos drop off at certain locations. You'll have to book in advance and drop it off yourself and can't use a contractor. My council also requires the sheets be double wrapped in plastic. Some might charge but it'll still be way cheaper than what a licenced company will be charged for dropping off the same waste (which they'll then pass on to you). --- Dismantled my own a decade or so ago after doing a ton of research (walls &amp; roof). Went fine. NB. Use a grinder to carefully grind the heads of the nails/bolts holding the sheets on, being careful to avoid cutting into the sheets. Be upwind wherever possible and wear appropriate PPE. If you have bits which are broken, wetting them down will be pretty effective at preventing any airborne dust.
&gt; all the safety equipment is strapped to the rider The frame around the rider could contain airbags so they wouldn't need to wear protective clothing. You could even fit windows &amp; doors so a helmet would no longer be necessary and they could drive while wearing regular clothes. If you made the frame slightly bigger it could carry a couple of passengers as well. That's another motorbike drawbacks that our new design of bike could resolve. Storage is also an issue on current bike designs, so i'd make an area at the back that can store shopping, luggage, etc. And to stop it falling out this area could be integrated into the rest of the cabin and have some sort of lid.
Nah, my bike design would also have a roof so ladies can drive it without messing up their hair. Having four wheels at the corners, seats, seatbelts, a windscreen, doors, airbags, a heater, space for luggage, etc. is all just a coincidence. ...other than those things it's definitely a bike.
Can't speak generally, but when my folks bought their first home prices were much lower compared to income, but interest rates were close to 10% and hit a high of 15% when I was a toddler. As a proportion of their income their mortgage repayments would have been about the same as if I were to buy that same house today. Difference being that I'd have to fund a much higher deposit to be able to get the place. For most folks looking to get on the housing ladder it's the deposit that is the problem not the mortgage repayments. In general if you can afford to rent a house you can a afford to pay a mortgage on that exact same house. The sticking point for many is being able to save enough for a deposit while paying rent at the same time.
...and after tax
If you're trying to buy a half million dollar house as a first time buyer then you're likely doing it wrong. Even if that *is* the average house price in your area that still implies that 50% of properties are cheaper than that. It's called the property ladder for a reason. Most people start off on the lower rungs and only move up it as they build equity and are able to trade up into higher value homes. --- I mean yeah it'd be great if everyone could move into their dream home right off the bat. That isn't the reality though, and it never has been.
Personally I only use RCS for translation and use reaction wheels for any attitude changes. How big is your craft?
* Running in on a dummy / game when there's other dogs present. --- None of those listed were really an issue, but his running-in was a real problem. If he saw another dog going in on a bird he's marked he'd have to race in to try &amp; get there first. Mostly sorted now, but he does have the occasional relapse.
Saw the video title and was expecting him to pull out [these crappy things](https://www.ebay.co.uk/itm/Heat-Shrink-Solder-Sleeve-Crimpless-Butt-Connectors-26-10-AWG-Electriduct-/141755230103). Great video though. Had no idea anything like this existed. ....Now I want some.
I'd take it one step at a time. Start with getting them reliably carrying something comfortable that they actually want to carry before moving on to hard or metallic objects and things that are physically uncomfortable for them to have in their mouth. Once they've figured out that carrying something around gets rewarded and dropping at your feet doesn't you can start to switch to things that aren't quite as pleasant to carry. --- I just went out with my Lab to see if he'd carry something unpleasant and after initially dropping it a couple of times I had him (reluctantly) carrying a metal knife around in his mouth Not something I'd normally ask him to do but just thought I'd see if he would ...After he'd walked to heel with it for a short while I rewarded him with a couple of dummy retrieves (his favourite thing in the world bar retrieving actual pheasants).
Except that Daz, aged 54, who loves Brexit and the footy and hates snowflakes is far more likely to support Starmer over Corbyn.
True, UK deaths are far higher; but Ireland has actually had more cases (relative to population)... * UK: 4,537 cases/million population * IE: 5,146 cases/million population Ireland has also done less testing so their number of cases might be proportionally even higher... * UK: 128,317 tests/million population * IE: 83,319 tests/million population [Source](https://www.worldometers.info/coronavirus/#countries) --- NB. Do we know why the UK's death rate has been so high even though its infection rate hasn't even been that bad compared to many similar countries?
Are you suggesting that communist countries have better environmental records? Do you have a source?
It's not a straw man at all. You suggested that capitalism is amoral, so presumably you have a suggestion for a form of governance that will be more moral. If so then you need to name some real-world examples of that system in action which can be shown to have a better environmental record.
I don't know where they get 3bn from. Even if each of the 850,000 households receiving this only get the very minimum (€462), it'll still cost closer to €5 billion. ....And they reckon that households with more than one person will be eligible for up to €1,015 / month. --- Unless they're also cutting other services in order to reduce spending the sums don't add up.
They'll just do what they already do in Spain ....Claim what they can from the state, then work cash-in-hand to top up their income (while paying no taxes).
On the other hand ....can't have employee theft when you have no employees.
They're vermin in the UK at least. Shoot as many as you want. We used to regularly used to go out and shoot a couple of hundred wood pigeon between a few of us spread over an area shortly after crops have been drilled. Not quite a freezer-full, but a decent amount. ...Some farmers will even cover the cost of your shells if you're doing a good job.
It's been pleasant in the East Mids, although I've been getting up at 5 to work the dog and do physical outdoor stuff. By 10 it's too hot. Keep your windows &amp; doors open, fan on, plenty of chilled beer, several cold showers a day, take a nap under a shady tree at lunch time ...It's survivable.
Also hugely reduces the chances of the strapping getting caught on something as you depart (especially if you're on one of the end seats).
RLB?
First question should probably be how much time and money are are you willing to invest? I don't think anyone can really offer any appropriate suggestions without knowing that. --- As a point of reference though, I have a rural smallholding that had a bunch of derelict brick outbuildings, stables, sheds, etc. Most were in a pretty bad state of disrepair and several didn't really have so much as a roof. In my free time I'm gradually renovating them one by one, then letting them out as small workshops, storage units, etc. The rents coming in from the finished ones all gets put back into renovating the rest of them. That way there's no tax to pay on the income, but will eventually mean they'll provide a few extra grand a month ...which will then be a nice little bit of side-income. NB. this should be taken as an anecdote, not a recommendation.
It's moral to stand with tenants over shitty landlords. It's also moral to stand with landlords over shitty tenants. Nothing is black and white, and attempting to boil complex issues down into simplistic right/wrong, moral/amoral arguments just exposes yourself as a tribalist. ...The extremes of both sides of the political spectrum are equally guilty of this so it's not even a left/right thing.
Heh, this is the exact mooring I lived on for five or so years. At the time it was something like £20 p/w for a 55ft NB. [This is the spot](https://www.google.com/maps/place/Castlefield,+Manchester/@53.4734587,-2.258644,132a,35y,39.52t/data=!3m1!1e3!4m5!3m4!1s0x487bb1e7039e6d3b:0x25cf7db0089ad5c3!8m2!3d53.474199!4d-2.2522557) --- On another note, it doesn't even look like the wheelhouse is collapsible on this. That's *really* going to limit where you can go with it. First low bridge or tunnel and you'll have to turn back.
Using one offer to get an improvement on another competing offer is pretty common. It sucks, but that's just how it is and how it always has been. Simple answer is to always be willing to walk away, don't be in a rush, and don't let emotions get the better of you (that's what they're counting on).
Yo dawg, I herd you like computers!
So long as you're basing your ultimate savings goal on needing to support two adults and your kids until they're old enough to become independent then you're likely fine. If you're using figures found on here as a basis for what you need to save then if they're based on a single person retiring early then you'll likely need to double them to account for the other family members.
Jetpack definietly needs nerfing it kills so many other possible gameplay mechanics. Having player inventory mass taken into account when jetpacking might be enough of a nerf to encourage the use of alternate transportation. That way you could keep the jetpack just as fast &amp; nimble, but hugely increase fuel usage when the player has a large inventory mass. Have the efficiency penalty be exponential even so it doesn't penalise folks in the early game too much. --- Balanced right that would make the rover/jetpack combo super useful ...Use jetpack to scout an area for ores, then drive there to mine &amp; load up the ores you spotted. ....then add a drive-by rover unloader ([similar to what satisfactory has](https://satisfactory.gamepedia.com/Truck_Station)) Oh, and a long-range ore radar addon would hugely amplify its utility.
Most of the idiots on the beaches the other week won't have been locals. If they contracted the disease there they'll likely take it back to the city they came from and spread it there rather than Bournemouth see an increased infection rate itself.
I'm talking 10-15 years ago when the old fountain was ripped out and they put the current modern stuff in. Will see if I can find some photos of the other proposals ...but don't get your hopes up.
