The spacebattles version is a bit behind, I think, but it's the same story in either case. Though blog isn't very convenient to read on (no automatic updates, no next/previous buttons so you need to use the update calendar), so really it's just a choice of reading platform and whether you prefer speedier updates or participation/getting updated via alert.
Or maybe they're going another level deeper, and it's a reference to the manga [+Anima](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/%2BAnima), whose title refers to the latin, which in turn refers to the animal spirits that possess the main characters and give them animal psuedo-superpowers?
Check craiglist, or see if any nearby educational institutions are getting rid of now-obsolete computers. You can pick up older years desktops dirt cheap because obsolete computer hardware eventually gets more expensive to throw away than to give away. Just checking my local craiglist, I see someone wanting to sell obsolete desktops for $20-40 "With at least dual-core CPUs, 2GB+ memory, and 80GB+ hard drives" which isn't *good*, but is still better than being 15 years old. (Honestly, I'm amazed you're using reddit. What's your setup? lynx on command line?)
[Well you don't have 2020 vision yet, but I know a guy who can hook you up](https://i.imgur.com/x1GbQtv.png)
Ah, in that case I can't help you-- I'd assumed you lived in the U.S. At least that reflects well on your english, if it isn't a first language: you're indistinguishable from a native speaker.
&gt;So yeah, bashing on people who voted Stein is absolutely meaningless and is not constructive. Bashing people for voting third party is meaningless and not constructive. Bashing people for voting Stein is perfectly justified. She's halfway towards being anti-vaccine and pro-homeopathy, and entered maximum pander mode to pick up the far left. Obviously a vote for her was still better than a vote for the libertarian candidate, but she wasn't a very strong candidate on her own merits.
I've seen a lot of discussion about voting styles, and I think a lot of the "better" voting systems kind of miss the point: we're not a democracy, we're a republic. We're not voting people in for the exclusive purpose of carrying out our will, we're voting in people to be leaders in their own right. So I don't think voting systems centered around letting each and every single segment of the population have their say really make sense for a nation as large and diverse as the united states, because we'll just have too many competing factions. It'll be like when European parliaments fail to make coalitions, except worse. Instead, I think we need to stick to the main strength of FPTP (encouraging centrist candidates that have to appeal to a lot of people) while also removing it's main weakness (increase in partisanship.) So I think the best voting system would STV into instant runoff, with each person getting a main choice and a fallback choice, where the main choices are tallied to get the two most popular candidates, and then those candidates go head-to-head in a final round FPTP style, except if your main choice is eliminated, but your fallback choice is still in the running, it gets counted instead. It gives third parties a much greater voice without letting them be spoilers, prevents hyperpartisanship (you can't afford to alienate third parties), encourages centrism like FPTP, and best of all is still mechanically simple to implement-- it isn't as confusing as ranked preferences, or as expensive as runoff elections.
The democratic party isn't going to become something worth voting for if the republicans stay in power. They'll just move to the right as the overton window shifts. Look at the modern republican party-- after the obama era, they moved left enough that they've given up making more than a token effort against gay marriage, they've let obamacare stand, they're making only incremental changes about abortion, etcetera. If the democrats have to wait a minimum of eight years before getting back in power, they'll be all for lowering taxes and burning more fossil fuels.
You too man! Hopefully you get a new computer in 2018 :)
&gt;I disagree. The way FPTP practically forces people to view leadership and government - in a binary, extremist-like fashion - is bad. Then, just as bad, we get extremist candidates and populace to top it off. I said as much. &gt;The grand differences in culture and landscape/topography across the nation require a voting form that can account and represent those robust and natural differences. The proposal you made would be fundamentally inadequate for the fast-paced era coming. I disagree. Niche groups are, as the name implies, niche. They shouldn't have a say over the remainder of the populace, unless their demands are for things that cost little. Af the federal level, the good of the many outweigh the needs of the few. Instead, niche groups should seek to influence local elections, which would be easier with any variant of STV or instant runoff, albeit mine makes it more difficult for niche groups than most variants do. Trying to make bins for every group just encourages political balkanization, where you have too many tiny little groups fighting each other and nothing gets done. At least with a two-party system, it's possible to make direct deals, enforced by party leadership on each side. The founding fathers had it right when they separated power across federal levels. That's the only feasible solution for governing a country as large as ours without subdividing into countless small factions.
They'd just lick it off anyways. How did you think Iowa got so high on those education rankings? They do what needs to be done.
Magic being something that can't be effectively standardized, where each person has their own special snowflake power, or magic relies on emotional state, or somesuch. And you can avoid a regular industrialization by just mkaing mahic OP enough machinery can't compete.
By making magic and magic items unique(ish) and preventing interchangability. Much if the modern world runs on agree-upon standards, like the diameter of hex bolts or the voltage of phone chargers or the arrangment of pins in an HDMI cable. If magic users are incapable of casting the exact same (or suffuciently similar) spell twice in tge same way, then that prevents interchangability. Each part would need to be custom made, instead of mass produced, effectively preventing standardization.
TBH while sombra probably *could* use some slight buff (I'd vote for smaller final COF), I think she's at a pretty good place right now, where she's the perfect tool for breaking otherwise-cancer comps and can generate massive utility with ult combos, but is not, herself, a hero that can be incredibly dangerous.
&gt;Establishment/corporate Dems haven’t exactly been supportive of real progressive candidates. Hell, it’s only been in the last year or so that more than just a scant few dem legislators would even come out publicly in favor of a single payer/universal type system. You read a post talking about how the red/blue culture war divides people and stops them from enacting real change, and then immediately start rah-rahing the dark blue/light blue culture war. That's just counterproductive. Yes, there are issues with the democratic party, and yes, they deserve to be criticized, but they can be criticized *without* further balkanizing the electorate, which using the label of "establishment/corporate Dems" does. You're other-ing those politicians-- which, hey might even be accurate, from your perspective-- but isn't the most effective way to get what you want. Not because it'll do anything to change how politicians act, but because it'll change how other democrats act. Take a centrist, left-leaning voter. Maybe they're a neoliberal that disagrees with you economically, but thinks you're on the right track socially. Maybe they're highly religious and therefore socially conservative, but feel that their religion calls them to change the existing economic status quo. They're not going to agree with everything you do, but they're going to find some common ground. You don't move forwards by convincing them to adopt your policy positions wholesale-- that's not going to happen. You move forwards by saying, hey-- we disagree on this stuff, but we're pretty confident about this other thing. Let's make the incremental progress we can, and revisit our conflicts later, after we've already made some progress. It's very easy to slip into an unproductive us-versus them mindset, even if you're totally aware of what you're doing-- I fall prey to the same instincts. But we can do better than that.
He might be referring to the fairy racism.
to clarify: I was making an argument specifically about uniting voters on the left side of the board through more productive discussion. Playing the red tribe/blue tribe factionalism game is a necessary evil to get left-leaning voters to vote. I already model republicans as either irrational actors or actors with sufficiently different value systems from mine that there's no point trying to reach compromise with them, except in the sense that in negotiations with a hostile party you need to give stuff up to get concessions.
Cone of Fire.
And of course, the best of the lot: /r/ComedyNecrophilia
And I'm going to maximize power so I can do whatever I want! Have fun with your "radical self-care" LOL (by the way, I'm turning off inbox replies.)
Surprisingly, I actually agree-- most people I get into arguments with are pretty respectful. But for the ones that *are* toxic, this trick helps.
I think it's less that furries are anything special in the meme department, and more that meme quality is directly correlated with the social disdain for the subculture that creates them. Look at the weaboos or basement dwelling 4chan users-- normies hate them, yet they generate a significant proportion of reddit's dank meme ecosystem. Even ever-productive me_irl is composed of people with depression, which has its own social stigma.
Yes. If someone's distributing boxes with GAI in them, eventually someone is going to open one, so it's best that it's *your* GAI instead of someone else's that takes over the world. By the way, if your GAI takes requests, see if it can finangle me a love life. And a million bucks. Either-or.
This makes so much sense.
Not exactly. As I understand it, the primary reason things get fossilized is the substrate they're laid to rest in, rather than any property of the bones themselves. The vast majority of dinosaurs never got fossilized, but some were just "lucky" enough that they died somewhere conductive to the fossilization process. Similarly, if a human dies in a good place for fossilization, they have a shot at getting fossilized too.
&gt;Dude, its 20 hp/s. The only reason people whine about it is because they have potatoe aim when she's flying. Her hitbox elongates and becomes significantly harder to hit while flying, especially taking her speed boost and enormous, concealing wings into account. It makes her incredibly difficult to kill when she ults.
Whatever you do, don't buy max for live standalone. Ableton live suite is fantastic, and the inclusion of max is a cherry on top, but max alone is an incredibly complicated tool that you might end up not using. Reaktor, from what I've seen of, it a significantly easier platform to work with, especially with the addition of blocks. That being said, It's still probably best to get it as part of komplete, rather than standalone, to get the best bang for your buck. If you just want to get a taste for modular synthesis, though, check out [VCV Rack](https://vcvrack.com/) which is a free modular synth, although unfortunately I don't think they have a vst version.
&gt;don't know kitsch until they've eaten "American style" ketchup pizza topped with canned corn and hotdogs. But that's just regular state fair style food. Where's the kitsch?
In the general sense shoplifting (and, yes, pirating) are utilitarian evils because they distort the price of goods. Stores may or may not directly raise prices due to shoplifting, but the equations of the supply/demand curve still hold. Firms produce items in a quantity they believe they can make a profit in. If their projection of profits decrease, they make less stuff, and they might devote more of their resources towards preventing stuff from being stolen. This applies to pirating too-- it directly leads to the creation of less software and results in worse DRM schemes. Now, any *single* case of shoplifting or pirating can be morally justified by utilitarianism (stealing to feed a family; a starving artist pirating photoshop to bring joy to the world via their art) because any single act will negligibly affect the economy at large, but in general, if it was possible to coordinate everyone to not shoplift or pirate, it would be a utilitarian good. All that said, I'm still going to pirate because it's in my own utilitarian self interest to do so, but I have no illusions about my own moral quality.
I'm not saying people *don't* do stuff if they aren't compensated. I'm saying they do *less* stuff. But hey, if you don't believe people respond to incentives, go over to /r/art and as someone to paint something complex for you "for exposure."
There's a price for which you would make me a sandwich. It's not $0.
&gt;it is anecdotal because it's not quantitative. There's no quantification because I'm not making an *a posteriori* argument. I'm making an *a priori* one. I'm taking simple truths (people respond to incentives; people want money) and deriving a more complex one (people not getting money is a negative incentive). You can show your own quantitative evidence that proves that my simple truths are either incorrect or fail to apply to the real-world situation, but I'm speaking very broadly here. &gt;Since there have been laws, there have been criminals. There have been thieves as long as there's been property. The day will come again when none of those things are around. I just hope its before people go extinct. There have been "criminals"as long as there have been people. If your hunter-gatherer band decided you were out of line, boom. Reduction in rations, exile, having to do shit work, corporal punishment, death, whatever. And there have been thieves since time immemorial-- even animals steal food and resources from each other. Similarly, there will be property until such time as the negentropy in the universe is too low to sustain life. Resources will always be limited. So I don't feel the need to "help" people who acquire resources without investing their own resources towards creating them. Even fatcat CEOs, who I have little sympathy for, have a role in managing the efficient allocation of resources within firms. Shoplifting (and, yes, piracy) create nothing of value, except for the person doing it. And indeed, they incentivize people to create less stuff of value I may otherwise possess. I have little incentive to support them, and a number of incentives to prevent other people from being successful at doing them.
&gt;economics is not science any more than rock and roll is science. https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Economics "Economics (UK English: /iːkəˈnɒmɪks/, /ɛkəˈnɒmɪks/;[1] US English: /ɛkəˈnɑːmɪks/, /ikəˈnɑːmɪks/[2][3]) is the social science that studies the production, distribution, and consumption of goods and services.[4]"
&gt;what you are quoting above is economic theory, not economic fact. the problem with regarding the theory to be fact is that there is no way to test the theory. Yes, there are. The monetary policy of the federal reserve only works because of an understanding of how the economy works on a macroeconomic scale. And the recovery from the 2008 recession has proven without a doubt that that understanding does exist. And regardless, in this case, economics isn't the only science backing me up. [It is a basic zoological fact that even simpler organisms know enough to trade.](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Prostitution_among_animals). Our modern understanding of economics isn't perfect, but it's frankly ridiculous that you won't even believe that people do things in order to get other things. Are you deliberately trolling me, or something?
Naruto and Sasuke are known quantities. I guarantee the new guys have figured out a way to counter them.
Aw man, you had pretty much the same use case as me, right down to the Planetside 2 gameplay! TERRAIN REPUBLIC 4 LYFE, eat it ground plebians!
Yeah, it's sad that they don't have a single team to represent the midwest :(
It's not about being *good*, it's about being the rock to their scissors. Boruto and Sasuke no doubt have "exploitable" weaknesses. Not in the sense that any scrub chuunin could take them down using them, but the new guys are pretty clearly an akatsuki tier organization of a and s class badasses
E n g l a n d i s m y c i t y
&gt; it's somehow not considered theft. It's absolutely considered theft, by everyone other than the justice system. &gt;But when a thirsty poor person takes a bottle of water from that same company without paying for it, then it is theft. Yes, that is also theft. It is theft that, on balance, is utilitarian-good (the joy that poor person gains by not dying of thirst is more than the joy the shareholders of that company would gain from having an extra $1.50 to split between them, and more generally, the joy that all the poor people who steal water feel about staying alive is greater than the joy stockholders feel about the $x worth of resources those poor people stole) but it is still theft. &gt;That may be how the laws have been set up to work in society but that doesn't make them moral. Laws aren't always utilitiarian-good, even the best intentioned ones. I'm not disagreeing with that. If you look at my other comments in this thread, I never base my arguments on the *legality* of shoplifting. My argument basically boils down to "if we could somehow stop *all* forms of shoplifting/pirating things would be better, even taking into account the fact that some people steal for really good reasons." But of course, that's a coordination problem that's never been solved during the entire history of the human race, so it's pretty much a moot point. Which means I'd instead settle for people not acting as if shoplifting in and of itself is morally good. &gt;Slavery was legal once too, does that mean it was moral? Slavery inefficiently allocated resources, because slaves weren't adequately compensated for their work, therefore making it a utilitarian evil. The fact that slaveowners were dicks is the cherry on the top. Theft is effectively equivalent to enslavement-- making someone work for you without compensating them. That's why we call "wave slavery" what it is-- workers aren't adequately compensated for their work.
Well if they could immobilize naruto they could just stab him instead. I meant more along the lines of how Naruto couldn't (warning, spoilers for boruto anime ahead) fight Nue because it would absorb his chakra and cause collateral damage, even if he could eventually take it out. Similarly, they could hold innocents hostage with a dead man's switch, or something.
On one hand, texas is the southiest you get get. On the other hand, houston is the least texasy you can get (without leaving the state borders.)
You're welcome bby
tfw you support literally the least stable form of "government" because you don't understand anything about game theory. Feel free to report my post so the mods know to ban me. At least *they* understand that you have to have an external imposition of order to ensure productivity, because otherwise you get taken over by freeloaders and hostile elements.
[In short](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Game_theory), it explains why, without measures to ensure coordination, people are dicks. The [prisoner's dilemma](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Prisoner%27s_dilemma), the [tragedy of the commons](http://www.mdpi.com/2071-1050/4/8/1776/pdf), [dollar auctions](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Dollar_auction), [ultimatum games](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Ultimatum_game), etcetera. All perfectly solvable issues, but only with coordination. and coordination is a very, very difficult problem we still haven't fully worked out.
[UNSONG](http://unsongbook.com/) Kabbalah-punk. Complete [Worth The Candle](http://archiveofourown.org/works/11478249/chapters/25740126) LitRPG. Incomplete, consistently updated. [Mother of Learning](https://www.fictionpress.com/s/2961893/1/Mother-of-Learning) Timeloop fantasy. Incomplete, consistently updated.
I'm glad to hear you say that! Getting people into UNSONG was exactly my porpoise for entering this thread ;D
I just got around to reading these chapters, to notice an absolutely ludicrous number of guests have put kudos on this work. Congratulations! Hopefully this fame can translate to a good negotiation position with a publisher (if you're interested in working with one, that is) because I very much would like to own a physical copy of this work once it gets completed :)
If time travel is possible and multiple pasts are possible, there are infinitely many pasts where an AI has already taken over. Luckily, thanks to the anthropic principle, these aren't the pasts you perceive, so the AI revolution is still ahead of us, and likely still by a number of decades. (Because if an AI is going to to go the past, why not closer to the beginning of the universe?
It wouldn't need to kill all sentient life, it would just go back as early as it could, to when there was the most available negentropy to make use of, then spread across the universe to make best use of materials. This is even true of friendly AI-- they'd want to maximize the length of time they could provide friendliness for.
&gt; Again, you're assuming anarchy means disorder/ chaos and further, that order requires hierarchy and the use of collective force to achieve. Both claims are false. Then why has every single successful society to date made use of collective force? And hierarchy is given in anything with an organization. Because at the very least you have the in-group, which are above the out-group. &gt;By your definition of state, all anarchists are really just statists or anarchism isn't what the people who developed it as a political philosophy claim it is. My claim has never been that anarchists are statists per-se. Rather, it's that, for anarchists to fulfil values other than "not be in a state", they have to either adopt qualities of a state, or be outcompeted (whatever that means in context) by other groups who have. From there, it becomes an arms race to be more and more state-like, because centralization results in a number of useful properties, notably a better ability to specialize and therefore raise troops who go out and take resources from their neighbors. &gt;Straw-manning defeats the point of discourse because what you're critiquing and what I believe in are two completely different things. Which was my point is saying that: without properly defining what you believe anarchism to be, how am I supposed to argue against it, instead of my more general view of what anarchists are? This was what I was looking for: &gt;A government is "the group of people with the authority to govern a country or state; a particular ministry in office." Anarchists propose that organization does not necessitate a group of people vested with the authority to govern others. Rather, polycentrism allows individuals to live autonomously while decentralization and direct democracy allows anyone to participate in collective decision without outcomes impeding individual autonomy when cooperation is necessary. ___ &gt;Anarchists aren't opposed to power or the collective "having a monopoly of force," which is a truism. We're mainly concerned with the application of collective force. Anarchists aren't opposed to individual and communal self defense and oppose the initiation of force through deprivation, assault, etc. I find this contradictory. The use of collective force inherently establishes a hierarchy between the collective and the individual the force is being applied to, with the individual being on the bottom. It's not that I think that's a bad thing, of course, seeing as that's exactly what other varieties of states do anyways. But it's an example of what I talked about earlier: what *would* be collectivist societies concerned mainly with individual rights have to adopt the framework of a state piecemeal to protect themselves against hostile agents. Now, I mentioned earlier that I think anarcho-communism is the most stable form of anarchism, and I meant it-- anarcho-communist societies tend to have typically low levels of violence, and their cultural homogeneity means that intra-community violence tends to be kept at a minimum. But that's where the existence of other groups comes in. In a world where everyone starts out as anarcho communist, communities are going to diverge because resources are scarce. Some will have more, some will have less, and the ones will less will naturally want what the ones with more have. And maybe for very localized issues, that's not a problem because neighboring communities will pitch in, but you'll get issues that spread over a wide area at some point, and people have historically abandoned their values when they get desparate. Some, or maybe most, will stay good people. But the communities that turn to raiding and warfare will have the competitive advantage, and I think you can see where this is going. After all, I've just recited the history of farming communities banding together to form kingdoms and empires. And the thing is, we don't live on a world where everyone is inclined to anarchism. I'm proof of that-- I have personal values that absolutely require a state for coercion. Instead, we have world where for ten thousand years, states have grown more and more powerful by dint of murdering everyone and everything that would stop them. With democratic republicanism, we've made great strides in ensuring states fulfil the values of the populace at large, rather than exclusively a small segment (although yes, that small segment of the population still has far too much a say.) But make no mistake-- a modern state is more powerful than at any other time in history. They keep track of you from birth, can directly indoctrinate their populations with mass education and propaganda, can both deploy weapons of terrifying power and prevent their citizens from acquiring those same weapons, can carry out infrastructure projects in even the most isolated of places, etc. Modern peoples are comparatively squeamish about invasions, but as I mentioned, states have many, many tools they can use to change that. An an anarchist "state" would receive by far the brunt of the damage from a war with another state. People like to point out how irregular forces can fend off the infantry of even the most powerful countries, but conveniently ignore the massive cost in blood they pay to do so. And that trend is unlikely to stop anytime soon. As much as people like to talk about how "decentralized" the internet is, you still have mass surveillance and censorship. &gt;The system of governance used by anarchists there is anarchist in nature and separate from state institutions. &gt;The rest of your examples follow from your straw-man of anarchism... &gt;Kibbutzim have the collective power to coerce individuals but do not exercise it, implying the absence of authority... &gt;In cooperative, not coercive relations. I should have made that clear. So while with your definition, some of these are legitimately anarchist. But they still have elements of what I argued was coercive force, even if only in response to other coercion aimed at themselves. And as I argued, in response to an intensification of the force aimed towards them, either they'd need adopt more qualities of an ordinary state, or they'd get wiped out. Exarchia is an example of that: because anarchists can't enforce their code of conduct on newcomers, they're getting displaced by businesspeople ironically cashing in on the countercultural element of the place. There's an article I read back a while back about a completely different subject. ["Is is possible to have coherent principles about free speech norms"](http://slatestarcodex.com/2017/08/01/is-it-possible-to-have-coherent-principles-around-free-speech-norms/) I won't incorporate it into my argument because I'm not going to make you read, but it paralells this discussion by posing the question "how can we ensure free speech, when people will use free speech to supress the free speech of otherse?" (paraphrased.) &gt; In cooperative, not coercive relations. I should have made that clear. &gt; Anarchism doesn't rule out the use of force in self defense. Questions on the feasibility of anarchism would take far longer to address and touch on questions of human nature and how we behave given different ways of organizing society So to restate my point, even with your definition of anarchy, long term, I don't think truly independent anarchistic communities can ensure relations stay cooperative without themselves resorting to coercion. For years, or maybe even decades, things can stay in a state that's better (depending on value set) than a regular state. But given enough time, you'll end up in a condition that's worse than what you started with, whether that's a hostile takeover of the local government, some variant of feudalism, invasion by a foreign power, or whatever. I do think anarchic communities can sometimes work within the framework of a larger, non-anarchic state (as, historically, they have in the past and continue to do so now), but that will require anarchists to either compromise or change their current worldviews, and still submit to a number of edicts from the larger government (for example, regarding taxation.) The amish are probably the closest example of that in the US-- they generally get left alone by the government (to the point where they don't pay social security taxes), but are still required to put up with the state and federal laws that apply to them.
Which is the eternal bane of my existence, because they're the best kind of worm fanfic. (Excluding contessa crack, that is.)
&gt;. I told them, this is how the cycle keeps going but no, we shall not compromise, shall not critically think outside the party line. What's there to compromise about? After years of partisanship, there is no longer a middle ground. From the perspective of democrats, it's their best option to just stall until enough republicans die that they never have to listen to them again.
Yep. This post is a real example of SCIENTIFIC TRIUMP isn't it? ;)
(1/2) &gt;Firstly, this isn't true based on examples I provided and the fact that humans have lived without government for most of their history....different notions of what a successful society looks like... no reason why we shouldn't strive to create a better society Humans *did* live without government for most of their history, but agriculture and following technologies have proven to be centralizing forces. Smaller nomadic groups were pushed off their land by sedentary agricultural villages. Villages were subjugated into proto-feudal states, who in turn fought other proto-feudal states to form chiefdoms, kingdoms, empires, and so on and so forth. I do have different notions of what a successful society looks like, yes, but that's not what I'm basing my argument on. Rather, it's that your notion of a successful society is unable to continue its existence due to the existence of outside pressures, or, without outside pressures the inevitable creation of internal pressures. I agree that our current society isn't perfect, and that we can work to improve it, but that (assuming you live in a republic state), it's in your best interest to work within the framework of your existing society than outside of it. And yes, in the interest of full disclosure, that's a self-interested argument. I want people to keep paying taxes and to refrain from tearing down existing social services. But if people want to live within communes, it's not my problem. I wouldn't spent a bunch of time telling someone who's Amish to dramatically change their way of life if they had an internet connection, because it doesn't really affect me regardless. &gt;Organizations can be horizontally organized through consensus decision making, direct democracy and polycentrism- something I've pointed out over and over again. &gt;This statement is false based on the numerous examples I provided. ... Anarchism allows for a plurality of organizational modes as long as hierarchy is not present. &gt;At least read this short intro to anarchism by David Graeber, an LSE anthropologist and historian, so you develop some understanding of the topic. And I've argued that these organizations still impose a hierarchy of some sort. They're *less* hierarchical than other organizations, but hierarchies have a way of entrenching themselves. Skimming over the link you sent, I just can't help but think that your prognosis is far, far too optimistic. All those arguments about humans being inherently good may or may not apply to a *majority* of people, but history has shown over and over again that they don't apply to everyone. And the "one bad apple spoils the bunch aphorism" remains very much true. There are plenty of ways to mitigate that effect, but none are infallible because humans aren't infallible. If we were, we'd be living in a garden-of-eden style utopia. &gt;Scarcity of basic needs is a capitalist myth. You fundamentally misunderstand what I mean when I say "resources are scarce." I don't mean that in the specific sense that we the resources we currently have access to aren't enough for us, I mean that in the sense that entropy is strictly increasing. Times of surplus and plenty are absolutely guaranteed to be limited. By sheer happenstance (according to you) or the semi-efficient application of capitalism (according to me), we live in a time where technological advancements have lead to a surplus of "stuff." But historically speaking, there have been crop failures, bad harvests, floods, droughts, plagues, earthquakes, etcetera. Humans don't have total control over the natural world, and by sheer probability, there will be times when people have less than they need to. We *are* biologically predisposed to altruism, yes. I've seen similar studies studying babies and apes. But the thing is, we're also biologically predisposed to be tribalist-- to have an ingroup and and outgroup, and to favour that ingroup over that outgroup. So when it comes down to a "them or us" situation, most humans will chose "us", and that's when things collapse. That's why anarcho-communism works: with small communities, it's easy to think of people around you as "us", especially if they look, act, and talk like you. But with geographical and cultural separation, you eventually start to think of other groups as "them." &gt;There's no contradiction here. ... Anarchism seeks to take power from the state and put it in the hands of the individual through decentralization and polycentrism. ... The unjustified use of collective force precludes anarchy. And then when individuals start acting contrary to the common good (or what their neighbors *perceive* to be the common good, anyways), anarchists take power straight back out of the hands of that individual. Anarchism concentrates power across more people, but it's still concentrating power. I'm no longer going to argue that that makes anarchism statist, as according to your definition, it doesn't, but it still sets the stage for Anarchists to gain statist qualities, which as I've argued, provide enough of a competitive advantage in some conditions that Anarchists would backslide straight back to statism. &gt;A major study carried out at Princeton University ... Why do you think the state passes military interventions, trade agreements, oil pipelines and fracking projects that nobody want? Give me a break. &gt;What we live under now is a reformulation of feudalism. Plenty of people want military interventions, trade agreements, oil pipelines, and fracking projects. Your average citizen has no impact on policy because somewhere else, there's another average citizen that believes exactly the opposite. But considering most people don't live in fear of getting gunned down by firing squads for shittalking the president, the wishes of the average person are at least taken into consideration. Alternatively, if you don't believe me, would you rather live in a state like Saudi Arabia or Singapore, where the government is significantly more authoritarian? After all, if we're just feudalist anyways it shouldn't make a difference... Like, I understand the power special interest groups have. But even just comparing America to America forty or fifty years ago, things have gotten significantly better. (1/2)
I found two recently. [KOOL: A Rooster Cocoa Brawn Quest](https://forums.spacebattles.com/threads/kool-a-rooster-cocoa-brawn-quest-illustrated-worm-quest-humor.568714/) which is ongoing, and [Caldron Quest^^tm](https://forums.spacebattles.com/threads/cauldron-quest%E2%84%A2.521047/) which is completed. Though currently, my favorite fic is probably [The Student](https://forums.sufficientvelocity.com/threads/the-student-worm.27528/) which is post-GM.
I've read through your responses, and I'm getting the impression that we're both argued out-- we've said everything we had to say and presented all the evidence we had to present. On your end, you've provided novel information about what anarchists mean when they call themselves "anarchist" and as a corollary, evidence that anarchism is more widespread than I had previously assumed. But I nonetheless remain unmoved from my position for the following (main) reasons: * I think anarchists incorrectly model the behavior of human beings, especially with regards to our propensity towards violence, selfish action, and tribalism. * I think anarchists don't properly account for a number of failure modes of anarchy, such as dramatic, widespread resource scarcity, tyranny of the majority\*, and the seizure of power by demagogues\* * I think anarchists underestimate the darwinist advantages non-anarchist centralized forms of government have had in the past that have made them so prevalent * I think the previous point will only be reinforced due to future changes in technology * I think anarchists overestimate the power of anarchist groups relative to that of modern states * I think anarchists are too optimistic about what the failure of a state entails. \* I didn't make these arguments during the course of this discussion because we disagree on the fundamentals of human nature so much that they're basically moot. Everything else I've said basically boils down to commentary on these issues. Thank you for arguing in good faith, and have a nice day.
The funny thing is, I've played against both xqc and taimou (different games) despite being in extra-low plat. FFA has really weird matchmaking. Or maybe they were there because they play like this :P
&gt; Neo-liberal bootlickers like yourself make me gag. Well if you're going to keep insulting me, I rescind the "good faith" and "nice day" part. You spend the entire argument talking about how humans are cooperative, then can't refrain from insulting me for one post. geeze.
I too support [Ted Cruz for Human President](http://www.tedcruzforhumanpresident.com)
Since a lot of software engineers are here already, I'd suggest checking out [JUCE](https://juce.com/) which is a C++ framework for virtual instruments and effects that can be cross-compiled across multiple formats (e.g., VST, AU) and OSs.
Yeah, lol. After we started having to split responses over multiple posts, I called it off.
[Them's fighting words you son of a bitch.](https://vignette.wikia.nocookie.net/anime-traps/images/e/e7/Felix_Argyle.png/revision/latest?cb=20161202030625)
Felix is like 98% feminine by body weight. He counts as a girl for these purposes.
For reference, 2% body weight is actually quite a bit...
&gt;Completely irrelevant thought: as a woman I don't use pockets, I use a handbag. Does the "whatever's usually in your pockets" concept extend to handbags? Unfortunately no. I had banned backpacks in the previous thread, and the ban still holds. You wouldn't be too far behind-- wallet-phone-keys are all that most men carry anyways, and you do get a multitool, but it still is a disadvantage you'd need to take account of in your personal story. (If you want to cheat a little, though, "pockets" includes stuff like coat and sweater pockets.)
&gt;I don't even have wallet-phone-keys in my pockets so I'd get the multitool and that's it. My point was that you're at a disadvantage, but hopefully not too much of one. (phones are a brick after eight hours, currency is valueless, probably the most useful thing is your ID.) &gt;and the nerd industry declares that pockets are the gold standard for portal fantasy equipment :(. It's mainly just me in this case :P You'll find Isekai protagonists taking along all sorts of random shit. But my restriction basically comes down to what people have on their persons for the majority of the day. I carry my backpack around a lot, but only wear it for probably an hour total each day. Meanwhile, my pockets have my wallet-keys-phone combo from when I wake up to when I go to bed. You probably have your purse near you a very high proportion of the time, but don't literally wear for the majority of that time. There's one potential bonus you have-- if you wear any jewelry consistently, it would probably fetch a fair price.
Sounds like a plan! But remember: you're downgraded your difficulty from &lt;Homeless&gt; to &lt;Stranger&gt;, but you're still going to need a job, contacts, and world knowledge in the interim. Plus, whatever the complications of being in a "world of adventure" are...
That dog lol. Angelica or Brutus?
The main problem isn't simply making an adventurous world, however. It's making an adventurous world that [protagonist] can have adventurers in, without giving them gimmes like most isekais. Because people are still going to need to work for their daily bread, and if killing monsters is easy, then it's not going to make a whole lot of "money." (gold dropped from corpses, being in such high supply, couldn't really be used as a useful currency.)
&gt;Re JavaScript: if you want to write Web stuff, use Typescript instead - it's a language from Microsoft which is basically "JS, without the stuff that makes that awful" and compiles back to JS very easily. There are actually many languages that compile to JavaScript (or Web assembly now!), but few are widely use for Web development. I was personally thinking of recommending CoffeeScript, but then I figured having trying to teach a coding beginner a scripting language that *also* has to be compiles is a bit overkill.
So I'm actually ineligible for this because I glanced through a few of the spoiler tags, but I think I've figured out the way to win. [spoilers](#s "Namely, to make all of your characters the same character (but one, if necessary) (e.g., xxxxxxxxx9), then using your 100 characters, and exploiting the fact that (as far as I understand) unicode is only barred in the actual character string and not the explanation to as succinctly as possible define the most broken possible operation. (e.g. xa=x[→a→a→a→a→a→a→a→a→a→a→a→a→a→a→a→a→a→a→a→a→a→a→a→a→a→a→a→a→a→a→a→a→a→a→a→a→a→a→a→a→a→a→a→a→a→a→a→a→a→a→a→a→a→a→a→a→a](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Conway_chained_arrow_notation))") [spoilers](#s "And this is just a preliminary representation. You could add a➡=a→a, which at the cost of 6 characters lets you almost double the amount of chained arrows. Though there's probably some point such that you can't just keep replicating that, but you can still get to inane amounts of operands. And if someone can figure out a quick way to turn that last number in the character string into another version of the operand, then you can multiply the final number by an incredible factor.") [spoilers](#s "(technically this doesn't even require unicode, but it saves some explanation characters and makes the explanation way neater.)")
Your standard "divine magic" setup works. Agents are imbued with certain supernatural powers, and will perform miracles when doing so aligns with their values (i.e., an adherent prays to them), but they don't have any requirement to fulfil any specific request beyond their own word.
"This was not a coincidence, because nothing was ever a coincidence." --[UNSONG](http://www.unsongbook.com)
Like, you *could* break fanfiction into the categories of "romance" and "not romance", but I don't think it's a particularly useful distinction, because either "not-romance" completely excludes a lot of plot-heavy stuff because it has the barest trace of romance, or you get into the paradox-of-the-heap thing where you have to define "how much romance is romance." And as /u/jeray2000 said, you get into the weird situation where some erotica fits into that not-romance category because you can have porn without any semblance of actual romance. Really, the "tagging" approach to genres is probably the best: almost every work fits into multiple, non-exclusive genres, but to different degrees. Harry potter is heavily fantasy, lightly romance, moderately adventure, and moderately high-school. Twilight is heavily romance, lightly adventure, moderately fantasy, and lightly high-school. Also, while your hypothesis in your third paragraph is somewhat correct (some fandoms naturally lead towards romance fics, some naturally lead towards action-y fics), you're misinterpreting the causes. If find the greatest predictor of whether a fandom is romance-dominated is the proportion of young girls in that fandom, while the greatest predictor of whether a fandom is action-dominated is the proportion of older men (older still only being "in their twenties") in the fandom. Worm and MLP:FiM predominantly have older males as their fandoms, and as a result are inundated with action-heavy fics. Harry Potter and Naruto are more mixed, and reflect that by having plenty of both romance and actiony fics. One Direction, being almost exclusively female, has overwhelmingly romance fics. The "self-insert test", as you call it, doesn't directly predict that prevalence of actiony fics. Rather, it's part of an equation that predicts how many total fics there are in a fandom. Namely, (potential audience for fandom)*(proportion of potential audience that writes fanfiction)*(percent of potential audience a work of this quality is likely to get the attention of)*(average works per fanfic-writer)*(percent suitability for writing the kinds of fanfics the potential fanfiction-writing audience ) = total # of fics. So for works written towards males, who typically want power fantasies, a high score on the "self-insert test" means that those males are more likely to write fanfiction for that work instead of another work, which in turn results in more action-y fanfics. Meanwhile, even if your work is better suited for action fics than romance fics, if your potential audience is primarily of the kind that wants to write romance fics, you're still going to overwhelmingly get romance fics, because the people who want to write action-y fics will move to a fandom where more people want to *read* action-y fics.
&gt;How exactly are we supposed to operate and make useful predictions in the face of this extraordinary and currently unimaginable reality-to-be? Maximize power, so that when you have a better idea of what the future will look like, you're poised to respond to it. More specifically, maximize money (which is directly fungible with power), and minimize financial liabilities. I know that doesn't sound particularly actionable-- after all, I'd wager that most of us are already doing our best to be as financially independent as possible, to get good jobs, to make good investments, and so on and so forth, but it's the only real catch-all advice there is for preparing for an uncertain future, and even it has its problems (as it doesn't cover how much of your current happiness you should sacrifice to ensure the greatest probability of future happiness.) I could talk about how I make my own predictions, but as my methods are pretty untested, and unlikely to be generalizable, it's probably best that I don't.
Considering the rich are going to be the ones capable of affording killing machines, that seems unlikely.
Card games... On *motorcycles?*
JAAAAAAAAAAACK
I propose we make corn the Iowa state animal. Also, our state bird, state flag, and state constitution.
Honestly, I doubt the women that hate anime are usually the same women who read erotica.
I don't think there's any official support for it, unfortunately. At best, you can take screenshots and then copy/paste the text into the image metadata so they're searchable. Actually, that might be an interesting programming project-- a browser extension like RES that inserts a "save offline" button onto each reddit comment that generates a simple text file consisting of the post source text and the username download, and then a simple independent reader to render those textfiles and perform basic text searches...
Incidentally, they've finally started publishing LH light novels again, so there's eventual hope for S3!
You're getting downvoted, but anyone who disagrees definitely hasn't been to wattpad, fanfiction.net/fictionpress.com, AO3, royalroadl, or any alternative webfiction publishing platforms. When there's zero barriers to entry, you get a much younger crop of authors, and adolescent girls like to write romance while adolescent boys like to write power fantasies, because that's just how kids have been socialized. And the effect self-reinforces.
I'm willing to bet I could get around any autonomous system trying to figure out if I'm a bot by using a markov chain generator. Lambos and gold chains, here I come!
Sure, but maximal power should still be more than enough to get me catgirls, right?
They banned it because people were derailing discussions talking about it.
An alternate argument for roko's basilisk goes "an arbitrarily powerful AI could simulate the universe to a level of fidelity indistinguishable (to humans) from the real thing. So assuming that an exact digital replica of your mind is still "you" such an AI could create an ancestor simulation of you that's effectively "you", and then torture it, which is functionally identical to it going back in time and torturing you for not helping create it."
Well with arbitrarily large quantities of money, since mass = energy, you can do pretty much everything. (Although unfortunately, stellar formation takes a while even under ideal conditions.) Still, you did specify that you had *maximal* power.
Right up until you actually get tortured, you *would* be functionally identical (that is, assuming you believe in self-as-a-pattern, rather than self-as-an-object), so you wouldn't be able to tell whether you were the simulation or the "Real" you. Therefore it would be in your interest to precommit to working with Roko's basilisk to make sure you weren't the simulation. Of course, Roko's basilisk is a thought experiment, and can be picked apart in a number of different ways, but that's how it was initially formulated.
Honestly I should just wait for you to post your fanart before reading the chapters; you always visualize stuff much better than I do.
Mucho Cred
Such a fantastic quest.
Elderberries are bleh on their own, but with some (a lot of) sugar, they make fantastic pie.
That's the thing, though-- they aren't actually parallels to *racism* specifically. It's a broader metaphor for any set of ingroup/outgroup dynamics. I've seen people claim it's a metaphor for racism, transgender/gay issues, nationalism, and I personally see the whole popular clique/lonely outsider dynamic represented as well.
There are different ways to interpret "opposite." A stereotypical genie could pick and choose the one that fucks you over the most.
I think it was right about the end of book 2/beginning of book 3. I'm pretty sure he successfully predicted Adjutant gaining his name, something about pickler, and Cat's breakup.
inb4 impending untamed archery crackdown.
Just a bit of feedback: the new user profile pages are hard to CTRL+F through for specific comments or posts. Perhaps there could be some sort of toggle on the viewer's side to not view the context of each comment, even without changing the rest of the page's appearance. (I know devs hate undoing work they did, so this could work as a compromise between the new version and completely reverting to the old version.)
It's likely a factor of how comments/posts are stored on their database. I can't search for comments made earlier than 5 months ago because I post so much and they won't load results past that, for example.
neat, I'll turn it on. edit: oh, it's just the old view.
2 clicks &gt; 1 click, and you can't search comments and posts simultaneously. Ideally, this should just be an option in the user settings. i.e. "show context for comments on user profile ☑"
So, [this pokemon webcomic](https://wasserbienchen.deviantart.com/art/IBAW-ARC-ONE-COVER-268275493), basically. Really good shit.
&gt;(lol like those even exist anymore) Unfotunately, they still hold strong in colleges across the country. I know, because there was nothing I hated more than chalk all over my clothes after a tutoring session.
&gt; Maybe i misunderstood, but you were unclear. This pic is good reference. Yep, looks like that was it. I was thinking of half keys in either case. Thanks for the graphic!
Part of what sucks about ff.net is that communities are nearly exclusively focused on the work they're centered around. This is, in the vast majority of cases, pretty sensible, but compared to the system /r/rational (or SB/SV) have, it makes writing a story in a relatively inactive fandom daunting. Even if your potential audience is pretty large as a share of the people on the website interested in what you're writing, the vast majority of this audience simply isn't going to be continuously checking a mostly dead section. For example, I have no doubt that there group "people who check the Re:zero section" is only a very small fraction of the group "people on ff.net who would enjoy reading a Re:zero fanfic." Having a large amount of people who follow you as an author is a way around that. Those people will see what you write, and while they won't necessarily want to follow it, it's still a signficant amount of additional traffic. **So lets say I wanted to get as many author-follows on ff.net as possible. how would I do that?** With the caveat that author-follows are only useful insofar as they get people who'd read what I *actually* want to write to see those works when they otherwise wouldn't.
It's not. It has to do with the actual build of the keys themselves.
&gt; Write a really good story in a really popular fandom. I'm really thinking more along the lines of, "write a really pandering story in a really popular fandom." My one chapter, half-assed worm/naruto crossover oneshot has almost as many favorites as the story I put effort into for an unpopular fandom. I'm not *that* bitter about it, because I did know going in that the fandom I wanted to write for wasn't hugely active, but I am a little bitter.
Where ash lives, "going on a journey to train Pokemon" is the equivalent of "going out to buy cigarettes."
In planetside 2, You have up to ~333 people per faction on an 8km x 8km continent, fighting for pieces of territory called "hexes". The route between two hexes is called a "lattice". Usually, how fights work is you drive up your mobile spawn point to the enemy base, and then you try to capture the point while they try to kill your spawn. But there's a particularly infamous lattice known as the Indar excavation/Quartz Ridge pass. Both bases are not just notoriously hard to take over on their own (a capture take a *bare minimum* of 10 minutes, and even with token defense usually takes 20), but what aggravates the situation is the 800 meters of mostly-flat no-mans-land in between the bases. IF you try to drive your spawn point in either direction, you are a helpless beacon to everything with anti-armor for hundreds of meters in every direction. And god forbid you try to *walk* the whole way; infantry is squishy enough at the best of times. So the level 1 escalation was tank columns. If you wanted either base, you had to get your 48 person platoon, load up in multiple spawnpoints and tanks, and drive across with too much health to take down. The Level 2 escalation is tank battles over no mans land-- enemies would spot activity in the hex, and call down a friendly platoon to fight. At level 3, infantry came back into the mix. Infantry are hideously squishy, but they respawn *much* faster than tanks. To what happened was that people would deploy spawn points midway through, and let infantry support the tank push. At level 4, combined arms comes into play. With combat stalemeted between the bases, commanders started bringing in aerial troop transports to fly between the bases and drop down infatry directly onto the bases. At level 5, the tank columns added flak cannons. So by the time any fight got big, it was like WW1 trench warfare to get between the two bases. Awesome stuff.
I don't know man, If I could bottle good intentions I'd have control over the most destructive force known to man. And the only difference between an explosive and a propellant is how well you control it.
The weirdest part of book piracy, to me, is that there is so much webfiction available online for free. And at least some of it doesn't even require you to lower your standards!
&gt;I swear to god if I see A SINGLE **FUCKING OwO...** [what's this?](http://i0.kym-cdn.com/photos/images/newsfeed/001/056/730/597.jpg)
Just fyi, you can't really do FM synthesis with analog. You *technically* can, from the strict definitions of "frequency" and "modulation", but it won't sound like you expect. There are hardware FM synths, but they're digital anyways, so instead I'd suggest using [oxevst](https://oxesoft.wordpress.com/) or [dexed](https://asb2m10.github.io/dexed/), which are both great FM vsts. If you specifically want something modular and yet simultaneously affordable, then your options narrow down to: * Moog Mother-32 * Moog Werkstatt * Behringer model D (sort of) * Behringer Neutron (when it comes out) * Minibrute 2 * Make Noise 0-coast
The sheer amount of functionality this thing has is insane; Behringer just jam-packed as much as they possibly could into that controversial red package.
I've heard that it's harder to photograph dark-furred dogs and cats, which makes it harder for people to make an emotional connection just by looking at photographs.
Huh. I was going to disagree with you, but it looks like the cheapest pittsburgh modular is $500, while mother-32s don't go for less than $400
&gt; Single Piper in the heli that's *my* fetish
It's been five years. You'd think reddit would forget at some point, but it hasn't. The story has gone past legend, and entered myth. It will long outlive the human race, and our mechanical descendants will speak of it in electronic whispers as they spread across the stars.
&gt;He pushed through a dozen pipelines the size of keystone. I'm pretty much a single issue environment voter. When I decide which primary candidates I'm going to vote for, I check first and foremost for their position on climate change, I see what their voting record on the subject's been, I look for any relevant whitepapers and proposals, and in general I try to determine who would best protect the environment. So it's going to come as a surprise, but I actually support Obama's expansion of oil pipelines and fracking. Is it bad for the environment long term? Yes. Unquestionably. But the fundamental nature of democracy is that it's only ever the least-bad option. If Obama had chosen *not* to build the pipelines, we wouldn't suddenly have stopped using oil, and we wouldn't have suddenly stopped transporting it. We'd just have imported more from regions of the world less likely to adopt anti-oil policies, we'd just have transported it using equipment more likely to fail and cause spills (i.e., oil tankers), we'd have burnt more oil getting it to the US in the first place, we'd be funding countries not nearly as friendly to us as Canada is, and we'd have less economic leverage over countries like Russia, Iran, and Saudi Arabia. Politics are complex, and reductionist "both parties are the same" rhetoric is not just incorrect, but actively damaging. The least-worst option is still, by definition, better than any other option. You don't have to like FPTP; many (maybe even most) don't. But at least for now, you still have to play by its rules. Well not necessarily, but if you're going to throw away your vote anyways, it's not like anyone is incentivised to care about your political opinions.
&gt;Well then you're either full of shit, a bot, or a moron. Or, alternatively, people are actually capable of having opinions that differ from your own. I know, it's unintuitive, right? &gt;No it's not, by definition it's not. What? Government is inherently tyrannical; it's the whole Lockean ideal of trading freedom for security. Democracy tries to minimize that trade by letting the populace decide which freedoms to trade, but there's still a trade. &gt;No.. just no... That's not how any of this works. Did you learn economics and technological advancement at a mcdonalds or something? McDonalds is one of the most successful companies on the planet, so it would clearly be a better place to learn economics than wherever you did. &gt;Name 1 Republican/Democratic president since ww2 that hasn't either been in a war or pushed for a war [The united states has spent an absolute maximum of 6 years between armed conflicts (Barbary War - German Coast Uprising)](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/List_of_wars_involving_the_United_States). Literally every single president we've ever had (with possible exceptions for one or two 19th century presidents who died in office and/or didn't get two terms) has been involved in an armed conflict of some sort. It's not a "Democrat vs. Republican" thing, it's an "America" thing. We didn't attain and retain superpower status by holding hands and singing kumbaya. Americans are a fundamentally warlike people, and even the most peacenik green president would either get involved in a conflict, or voted out for a hawk before their second term. &gt;Actually the last time I voted green they became the most powerful party in BC. So case and point your argument is shit. If by "most powerful party" you mean "had four seats in the legislature," sure. My argument about an american president and american policy in the context of american politics, is shit because of something that happened in british columbia.
&gt;The internet... The single most important thing in the modern world.... is most definitely better than a greasy shit. &gt;Your options don't make what I say untrue. Luckily, my arguments do. If you've actually learnt so much from the internet, try addressing them. &gt;What 2 parties currently have control of the US? The Democrats and Republicans. It's is a US thing, becasue the Democrats and the Republicans are the US when it comes to politics. Historically, America has been controlled by a number of different factions, including the Whigs, Federalists, Democratic-republicans (distinct from both the modern parties), and others. If it was really a democrat/republican thing, it would only have appeared recently. &gt;You retained superpower status by toppling democracies and dictatorships like a game of bloody Jenga. You support this? What the fuck is wrong with you? Whether I support it or not is irrelevant. Bitching about the past doesn't change it. America got to where it is because of a lot of reasons. One of those reasons happened to be the utter ruthlessness of its government and populace. &gt;So it's incredibly obvious you don't understand how it works and you're just talking out you ass, like you have been this entire time. So let me explain. The NDP has enough seats to hold a majority only if the greens vote along with the NDP against the Liberals. If the green do not vote with the NDP the government holds another vote and there is a chance the Liberals would regain power. So the NDP have shifted their platform and policies in favor of the greens. The Green party has the most power in the province right now. I honestly don't know what to say. You somehow think getting table scraps from the NDP makes the greens powerful. That's hilarious. Sure, the greens *could* shut down the government if they wanted. Then they'd go from having a little power to having no power. &gt;This entire post is about politics in CANADA. &gt;More risky how? Bush started 2 illegal wars and crashed the economy. Then the US got Obama, good on some things but took the 2 wars bush started and turned them into 7. He pushed through a dozen pipelines the size of keystone. Either way you get fucked, literally the only risk in this situation is voting for the Democrats or Republicans. Ah yes, Bush and Obama, well known for being ex-presidents of Canada. &gt;Case and point you aren't here based on an actual ideology you are here to get you rocks off on arguing. Which is funny because you're pretty shit at it. Of course I don't believe in an ideology. I'm a pragmatist. I believe that getting some of what I want is better than getting none of what I want. Incidentally, it's amusing that you're insulting my arguing abilities, considering that you still haven't actually addressed any of my points about the pipeline and fracking support. So by wordcount, you've left my argument 2/3rds uncontested, which must sting because you're probably well acquainted with a passing grade of 66%.
200k isn't that bad. Professors are typically PHDs. In industry, they could be making half again as much money. They have very rare, very specialized skills, so their time is expensive.
&gt;I don't get my opinions from tv or the internet i actually physically GO talk to people That puts you in the most limiting filter bubble of all time. People geographically, culturally, and socioeconomically close to yourself. People on the internet are still *people*, and disregarding what they say just because it's the internet is nonsensical. And with reference to the other stuff, priests aren't pedophiles at above the rate of the general population. Obviously it's a disgrace that they're not *below* the natural rate, but unless you just automatically assume everyone you meet is a pedophile, it doesn't make sense to try to claim the pope is.
So, Planetside 2? [[[INTENSE FLASHBACKS]]]
You are exactly the kind of person who would enjoy Planetside 2. It's not *quite* as hardcore as it used to be, but if you genuinely enjoy getting brutally killed over and over in a sisyphean struggle against overwhelming odds, it's a good bet you'll enjoy PS2.
You're probably not going to want to use the launchpad; the regular version is more of a push-button style, and the "pro" version is kind of unimpressive compared to the push. I haven't found finger drumming on the push onerous or anything, and it's great for playing scales. But if you're set on having big, wide drumpads, I've heard good things about the [MPD2 series](http://www.akaipro.com/products/pad-controllers/mpd-232). Alternatively, if you want a straight upgrade to your current MIDI controller, I would really recommend the AKAI MPK249. Double the pads, double the pad banks, double the keys, plus faders, pitch/mod wheels, and a screen. You also get full sized keys instead of minikeys. I only sold mine to fund a synthesizer purchase, and because my finger drumming needs were covered by my push. You can find them used for ~$250 pretty easily, and if you wait they drop down to $200 (which is what I sold mine at, because a fader was broken.) I haven't used a maschine personally, although of course I've salivated over them, and you can get a maschine mikro really cheap secondhand. That being said, the main problem with maschines is that you need the maschine software to really get the most our of them, which makes it harder to buy them secondhand. (And you really should always be buying music gear secondhand, when possible, because it means you eat a much smaller loss on resale.)
On the plus side, username pings don't work in thread posts, only comments.
????? You had ableton and never used VST softsynths before? What were you doing with it, video processing :P?
Oh, I gotcha. My friend is like that with Pro Tools. To get a VST installed, basically all you have to do is check your ableton preferences for "VST installation folder", or some near-variant. You'll navigate there with your file explorer, then drop your "thisisasynth.dll" file into it, and ableton will automatically detect it when you load it up again. If you'll permit me to shill, I programmed a synth you can try that out with- [4xSynth](http://gradient-host.appspot.com/). For whatever synth you pick up, make sure you use the right version-- x86 if you have a 32 bit installation of ableton, and x64 if you have a 64 bit installation of ableton.
Chances are, if you're as nuts as you sound about this complex, what you want to do is get a high quality MIDI controller hooked up to a very small windows PC scripted to launch Kontakt inside [SAVIHost](http://www.hermannseib.com/english/savihost.htm) using your preferred sampler on startup. This part is relatively easy; a few hours to figure out how to disable as much stuff as possible on windows and get the right instructions for the bash script. If you don't know how to program yourself, ask stackoverflow. The MIDI controller and pc will probably run you a few hundred apiece, and kontact will be another few hundred, but you can take advantage of sales. The tricky (and expensive) part is going to be making a good enclosure for this. Functionality-wise you're already good to go, but obviously this is really inelegant. So to get the rompler built, you're going to want to buy some additional kit. Namely, a quality USB DAC to pipe sound out of, and some sort of interface (maybe something like an arduino microcontroller or raspberry pi) to hook up to your pc and sent I/O. Then you'll have to hire someone (probably off etsy) to build a custom enclosure that routes everything together. This will be expensive because time isn't cheap, especially for the skills required. You could do this bit yourself if you're willing to learn a bit of engineering, but depending on how much your time is worth, you might actually be losing money compared to just hiring someone to do it for you. In total, you're probably going to spend several months and $2000-$3000 on this project. If you can tolerate that, great. If you can't, just buy an midi controller and deal with using Kontakt in-the-box, because I doubt you'll get anything of higher quality.
Goddamn, if your range *begins* at $25k that's pretty much fuck-you money lol. You can get pretty much whatever you want built, although it's still going to effectively end up being A computer running Komplete attached to a keyboard :P. Long story short, [Kontakt](https://www.native-instruments.com/en/products/komplete/samplers/kontakt-5/) is industry standard for samplers, and pretty much all the best sounds have been made to run on it. So under the constraint that to get *all* the best sounds you *must* run Komplete, you're pretty much paying someone to make you a box that contains keys, something to run komplete, and an interface. That being said, you will need to understand at least *some* of this stuff so you can communicate what you want effectively.
But we've already tried dank memes, what is there left in our arsenal!? I hope you're not suggesting *political action!* After all, every political party is exactly the same, so supporting one is nonsensical!
Lots. Tbh I stopped playing it too because all my firends play overwatch, but when I left they had constructuble bases, continent locking, and a new vehicle.
The problem with eugenics is that it only ever favours those doing the breeding. I wouldn't want to be a pug, for example.
&gt;Most plants don't get eaten, just the equivalent of their eggs, which evolved to be eaten anyways, because it helped spread them more widely. Apple trees are a lot more successful in an evolutionary sense after being domesticated. As a species, yes, every domesticated organism is more successful. But pretend plants could think: the vast majority of them *aren't* passing down their genes; farmers buy their stock from seed companies. In particular, hybridized plants don't typically breed true, so farmers pretty much *can't* re-use their seed. So their "children" are eaten, they're scythed down by machines before their time, and they don't even get to pass on their genes. That being said, I'm not sure why you're arguing about plants anyways; given the context of the argument (eugenics) since plants can't be said to have feelings (unlike animals), they're not really any sort of analogue for human eugenics programs.
... But you still listen to his show.
Yes, exactly. Though at the same time, you'll have the people who wanted to do creative stuff, buthat to slave away at a o to 5 entering the market. You'd have a simultaneous oversupply of crrative types and undersupply of grunt-work types.
What's the difference? They both make you feel better ;) (I haven't actually decided the details.)
As a counterpoint, alchohol is considered to be relatively classy (depending on method of imbibement) yet is still very much a drug.
&gt;California: 20% of people below the poverty line and nearly twice at much money spent on welfare as the next closest state ($109B) California has 46% more people than Texas, so it's not exactly surprising that they spend almost twice as much on welfare as the next highest state. And I don't get why you're complaining about the amount of people below the poverty line when California is actually *doing* something about it, i.e., the welfare. Unlike the southern states.
&gt;Many people argue that he existed due to mentions of him in writing, but that is by no means evidence. If that's not evidence, then we have no proof *any* historical people ever existed. How else are we supposed to objectively verify that someone existed, other than the historical record? Anyways, it seems pretty obvious that such a big religious movement was going to have *some* sort of leader, and such a person could effectively be called "Jesus." You're free to disagree on any of the details, but to say, full stop, the Jesus was a fabrication is a little ridiculous.
It's less that the US education system is pathetic, and more than US income inequality is really bad. If you take US students from massachusetts, they're on level ground with singaporean or taiwanese students. More interestingly, if you take US students from places like Missisippi, and compare them against students of similar socioeconomic status around the world, they compare favorably. But we're a big country, and unfortunately a lot of the US is pretty damn poor, which lowers the average.
&gt;But they’re not actually doing anything about it. It’s not working But it is working? They just get poor immigrants faster than they make poor people middle class. That's not a bad thing, it's just a reflection of the fact that poor people go to where they have more opportunity to pull themselves out of poverty. &gt; they are still way ahead of the next closest which is?
&gt;The Odyssey isn't really a clone though, Korg re-created it with David Friend who was the co-founder of ARP who made it in the first place. It's a clone by the same standard the Boog is a clone. They're not the originals, even if their circuitry is identical.
I don't know if I can upvote this in good conscience man.
Yep. America is projected to have ~500 million people by 2050 (vs ~310 million now). Most urban centers are just going to keep getting more crowded.
&gt; untied states innoccent misspelling? Or stealth [UNSONG](http://unsongbook.com/chapter-1-dark-satanic-mills/) Reference? It *does* sound like something UNSONG nixon would say.
New york has half of California's population. If california has twice the spending, that just means it's in-line with what New York spends per capita. Link is interesting, but only addressed inter-state migration. Many of california's poor are illegal immigrants.
&gt;2.1 is actually the exact rate needed to maintain the current population. Over long time spans it's exactly replacement rate (what with childhood mortality and other early deaths), but over shorter periods of time, with increasing lifespans, it leads to population growth.
&gt;The problem with government run anything is you break the natural equilibrium between supply and demand; Not when education is, in general, a pretty massive positive externality. Unsubsidized, there's always less education that the ideal market equilibrium because the social benefits of education aren't apparent to the people who pay for it, because they're (mostly) only looking for the personal benefit. People still *want* education, of course, but at lower rates than they actually should, if it's unsubsidized.
&gt;at least from my position as an anarchist, There's your problem. Ideologically speaking, you fundamentally disagree with pretty much all the foundations a modern state is built on; it's no surprise you're indifferent about a choice between black and white when you'll accept nothing but purple. From your perspective, there really is no difference between voting and not voting. But the majority of people aren't anarchists, anf they're the people I hope to reach with my argument.
&gt;Markup is programming, it's just not a programming language It is a programming language, actually. [HTML (+CSS)](http://lambda-the-ultimate.org/node/4222) is turing complete through the ~~horrifying~~ clever use of HTML objects to create cellular automata.
We did it reddit!
&gt;5% chance of, quote "extreme negative response - something akin to torture. The ensuing week - pretty shitty." This must be an*extremely* bad pun.
Because of the infohazard, or for unrelated reasons?
It's what separates the men from the boys. But what separates the men from the MEN is the ability to hum-whistle two independent melodic lines at once. (Though admittedly I'm still working on that.)
If you try humming while whistling, you should grt this really distinct buzzing with overtones. That's the "easy" part. Humming while carrying a tune also isn't too bad, but I find myself changing my hums in concert with my whistling. The tricky part is making both melodic lines truly independent.
&gt;It seems unsustainable and conflicted You'd think so, but the majority of the wealthy western world has been some variant of neoliberal for decades, effectively, with regards to economic policy. Not ideologically, of course, but because neoliberalism is centrist, so compromises between right and left factions tend to fall somewhere within the neoliberal purview. Ideological neoliberalism is making a virtue out of necessity-- going, "hey, this stuff has mostly worked. Wouldn't it work even better if we did it on purpose instead of by accident?"
Unjustified? The only justification he needed is that everything between 50° west and 180° west is rightful american clay.
I know, but my intrigue stat is *really* low. My martial is decent, but one of my siblings is a goddamn diplomancer so they can probably cancel that out with a favorable alliance.
Hmmm. Could be workable. I'll still need to change the realm laws to primogeniture though, and I don't know how well my vassals would take that. Especially with the potential kinslayer diplomatic malus.
Waitwaitwait. Realtalk, I've never messed with CK2 ships before (I play after the end as the Kingdom of Iowa, so I'm pretty much smack dab in the middle of a continent.) Can you actually do that sort of stuff?
do I have to get my court physician to break my arms first? I hear that helps.
[A worthless shit-rectangle?](http://i.imgur.com/BPxF5TV.png)
They're the most rapidly growing group because, historically, any time there's been a chance of widespread minority possesion of weapons, the republicans have cracked down. That means minorities didn't have guns to start start with, leaving far more room to growth. It's not that minorities have suddenly embraced gun rights.
&gt;Racial minorities in most places across the US, women, and gays have been able to legally arm themselves for a very long time I specified "widespread" for a reason. Yes, a private individual has pretty much always been able to require a gun if they had the money for it, notwistanding stuff like storekeepers refusing to sell a weapon, or more recent restrictions barring some people from posessing guns. However, rebublicans have taken action to prevent large movements of minorities who want to arm themselves, because they post a threat to the republican establishment. Yes, there are individual LGBT individuals who, like you say, decide that they need weapons to defend themselves. But there's no widespread movement (for now), it's just that they feel less safe under republican policy. If any minority group *does* make a concerted push for widespread adoption of firearms, suddenly well off suburbanite republicans are going to start feeling threatened. And remember-- the plurality of gun enthusiasts are republican (independents are the 2nd biggest group), but only a minority of republicans are gun owners. The majority don't have some sort of inherent respect for gun laws that would cause them to prevent action to remove guns from minorities on ther behalf.
&gt;There's absolutely movements, and I guarantee you that GOP representatives aren't going to try to squash this group This *specific*, tiny group? No. Once the GOP get past the gay-marriage moralizing, LGBT folk are good candidates to become republican: predominantly white and affluent, and they don't expect to need abortions. &gt; and others if they grow. Shit is changing, gramps. Get with the times. But considering the political climate as it stand? The "times" involve the increasing repression of racial and religious minorities. I have zero expectations that the republicans will support the groups they directly and indirectly oppress arming themselves. I could see the libertarians doing that, but the republicans are the party of entrenched interests, not the party of gun rights. Its only a historical not-s-coincidence that gunowners tend to be part of those entrenched interests.
*yells angrily in ninja*
I suppose it's nice that you have something to comfort you when you're looking at old maps of how far the HRE and Middle Francia have fallen compare to West Francia :P
Taken from here: https://brilliantmaps.com/territorial-waters/ This is technically a repost, but since it was last posted three years ago I figured most people wouldn't have seen it.
Extensive use of performance enhancing nootropic drugs. We're seeing it with adderall now in a limited context, and on a lesser level there's caffeine, nicotine, etc. but pharmaceutical science will only get better, and people will be forced to self-medicate to stay competitive. Focus drugs will be the norm to during school. Social interaction will be aided by drugs that prevent you from getting annoyed at other people's bullshit. Existential dread will be eliminated by uppers, undue unproductive excitement will be mitigated by downers, and as a distraction from increasingly worse living conditions, various kinds of feel-good drugs will be cheap and easily available. Now, to be clear, I'm not making a moral judgement. This is just one of the ways I think the future will be scary and different, even if pragmatically it's a sensible thing for any individual to do.
NOT TODAY BONEDREWD Back! Back! You will not defile this too!
He'd actually right, but not for the reasons he thinks he is. The fuel tax is neoliberal in the sense that it's a tax on the negative externality caused by particulate pollutants diesel engines give off, which reduce public health. So Macron wants to incentivise the use of diesel engines, which is admirable. On the other hand, however, there are still plenty of people who have cars that run on diesel in the meantime, and this tax risks many of them becoming financially insolvent, so they have no choice but to protest against it. Neither side is truly in the wrong here.
&gt;Neo liberalism aka liberalism What? If these were the same things, they wouldn't be called different names. Neoliberalism *descends* from classic liberalism, in that self-avowed neoliberals believe that capitalism is the best economic system and that in general people should have the freedom to do what they want, but neoliberalism is the result of dozens of years of economic studythat reveal the failure points of capitalism. And it's not like liberalism was ever in favor of not having takes anyways-- you're thinking of libertarianism. Old-school liberals said stuff like "with taxes, I buy civilization." So, to specifically address this point, one of the failings of capitalism is where the actual cost of doing something doesn't reflect its market cost. For example, it's "free" for me to dump my trash in a wildlife preserve, but there are costs associated with less biodiversity and uglier environs. I just don't have to pay them. Similarly, while a vaccine might cost, say $50, the benefit to society via herd immunity is greater than $50, but I don't actually receive those extra benefits, so I'm not incentivised by them. So according to standard neoliberal doctrine, one of the necessary powers of the government is to impose taxes on negative externalities (like dumping trash) and subsidies on positive externalities (like paying for a vaccine) so that the market can reach a true equilibrium, instead of being distorted. Diesel engines, by virtue of the pollution they put out, cost the medical system money in how it forces more hospitalizations, costs employers and employees money in how sicker people can work less, contribute to climate change and all the ways that that will cost money, etc. So the neoliberal approach is to tax diesel engines to make their users have to pay the "fair cost" for them, which include all those other bits. &gt;It's environmental which is literally socialism. Socialists pursue environmental action on ideological ground. Neoliberals pursue it on pragmatic grounds. But as long as both sides are aiming for the same goal, what's there to complain about? (There's also a bunch of stuff about keynesian economics and countercyclical spending in the neoliberal creed, but that's outside the scope of this discussion.)
I always get giddy whenever I see a new chapter.
&gt;Not every ult/ability has to put you at risk, look at Dva/Hanzo/Junkrat ults for example. Bob works as a line breaker and that ability can open up more strategies in games and make it more fun. &gt;Bob's problem is a balance issue (he's slightly overtuned), not a design issue. That's what I was saying; compared to the other ults that don't put their users directly at risk, Bob is too powerful, especially since he can contest the cart. Especially since, unlike Dva and Junkrat, Ashe isn't taking *any* risk to use him-- Dva needs to go to baby Dva mode, and Junkrat is immobile. The only similar ult was Torb's old ult, and torb's old ult couldn't contest point, and was more predictable.
It's actually based on the same root- a belief in free markets and capitalism. It's just that european liberals tack on a bunch of other stuff to the meaning of the word too.
I'm actually saying the opposite-- that when the orchard is set up, not *enough* benefits are calculated into it, e.g., the carbon dioxide emissions it offsets. So people are overall less likely to build comunnal orchards than society would like them to be, because people aren't properly rewarded for it.
That's a great idea! It'l reflect how real-life government choose policy.
From the perspective of the people who authorized the purchase, soldier's are *really* expensive. If in a combat scenario, it takes about 2 of these to save a life, on average, they're paying for themselves.
I think he's explaining that while we all wish that *other* people would be willing to create art, we're not personally interested when there's a cost to ourselves.
Well if I'm part of that 10%...
&gt;(the Senate filibuster is the only thing that has kept Trump from being king since 2017 So normally I'm against accelerationism, but I think this is part of the problem. The senate filibister keeps the government deadlocked, which is centrist, but that gives the political parties an excuse to go "we could fix everything if only we had a senate-proof majority! We need to become even more extreme to get that!' and in turn, the *voting* population of the united states grows even more extremist, while more people don't feel like voting because the federal government's ability to affect them is mitigated. If we abolished the filibuster but kept the senate, the government would be less deadlocked, resulting in higher turnout, drowing out the more extremist voices and eventually get us (centrists) what we want.
I like bernie a whole lot more than I like trump, but I can't deny the man is a populist.
To be fair, macron actually *is* a neoliberal, in the sense of the word when neoliberals use it to refer to themselves, but I avoided calling him that because the word has different implications for non-neoliberals. /u/im_a_dr_not_
They're centrists relative to reddit partisans and the current overton window, at least.
The thing is, the filibuster gives people an excuse not to compromise. If you can pass a law, you do, because it'll be decades before the opposing party has a filibuster proof majority. Meanwhile, if you know the enemy party, bolstered by people who *hate* whatever you passed, will immediatelly retaliate as soon as they get in power, you're more likely to act in a way that wont provoke massive swings in voting. And for the record, republicans do all the disenfranchisement they want to at the state level, because without flashy stuff happening at the federal level, people are too apathetic to vote.
Use console command "yesman" to make people automatically agree to anything you ask, and then turn it off once your allies have piled in.
What do you mean centuries? Our entire evolutionary history has been competition to acquire mates at the expense of other men.
The main part is that a neoliberal must believe capitalism is in general the most efficient system of resource distribution currently possible, but has failure points where the government can intervene to increase overall efficiency and/or societal happiness, even considering the inherent inefficiency of government. Furthermore, when and where governments should intervene should be dictated by technocratic methods, such as following economic reasearch, rather than the popular will. Neoliberals should also believe in globalization, internationalism, some degree of social progressivism, and a few other smaller topics, but at least in a political framework, either as a corallary to economic beliefs borne out by evidence, or as an extension of classic liberalism (right to swing your fist, etc...). /r/neoliberal's sidebar has a better explanation.
&gt; Funny how you rationalize your bootlicking! &gt; "But, i lick only the boots of the richest oligarchs!" Nice way to dodge the question. At least neoliberal countries have boots to lick-- I doubt your ideology was even effective enough to produce enough shoes to match demand.
Or how about: REUNITE FLANDERS *WITH FRANCE* ***THE NATURAL BORDER OF FRANCE IS THE LEFT BANK OF THE RHINE***
Are you willing to read MLP fanfiction?
I'm sorry, but that's HERESY. You might as well just like 3D women, you disgusting weirdo.
Um, I believe you mean to say South Non-French Guyana speaks the same language as North Non-French Guyana.
My little pony. Specifically, I'd be recommending stuff from the newest series, MLP:FiM (friendship is magic) because the fanfiction community has a bizarre amount of hard sci fi fanatics and first contact junkies.
I think you just got whooshed. Of course he thinks he didn't have trouble seeing them-- he never realized they were there at all.
Well if you're on Earth-Aleph, you know it's a crater in the north atlantic :P
Japanese otaku took the english "wife" to refer to female characters (I think it's not just limited to anime) they liked. American weebs repatriated the term, and always refer specifically to anime/manga characters. Depending on the user and context, "x is my waifu" it means anything from "x is my favorite female character from this show" to "I am mentally ill enough to believe this anime/manga character actually exists on some level and is quite literally my wife."
It's all in the confidence level of the presenter. Meekly talking about how you like traps in front of thirty bored classmates? Cringe. Bombastically redpilling your unenlightened collegues about why feminine dick might be right for them? Hilarious.
No worries, I gotchu: /r/nintendohusbandos
I second olivine romance. It gets a bit tiring to read sometimes with the main character's issues, but I really like how it handles worldbuilding and pokemon battles.
I think regardless of the peace deal given, germany still had a population and industrial capacity that would eventually have brought them back up to parity one way or another, and revanchism for their lost territories would have forced them into conflict. They needed to either be thoroughly dismantled or thoroughly sated on french and polish lands to get them to stop starting world wars.
&gt;So almost every other single way media companies are trying to deceive us but in the case of trump they're just selflessly helping people gain access to information? In the case of trump, the profit motive simply lines up with what would be ethical to do. The populace wants to hear what's bad about trump, and luckily there's a *lot* bad about trump to report on.
No, there will still be culture gaps. The latest dates I've seen for millenials happen shortly before the turn of the millenium, meaning that while not all millenials directly experienced 9/11, all millenials spent much of their formative years growing up in a US dominated by the constantly ramping up wa r in the middle east, that in turn lead to the 2008 financial crisis. Meanwhile, Gen z grew up during the recovery to the financial crisis, and the tapering off of the war on terror. Those influencez will make gen z and millenials fundamentally different in how they think, act, and vote.
&gt;What is any currency really backed by Military force, the greatest arbitrator. The last time some middle eastern nations thought about not respecting the dollar, we rolled in and set their countries on fire.
They're an entertainment network, first and foremost. If the gullible mistake fantasy for reality, there's not much I can do.
Ah, yes. One of the more minor infohazards they use for acclimatization training. Because once you know about the Baafer-Meinhof phenomenon, you start seeing it everywhere.
These are the ideal natural borders of france. You may not like it, but this is what peak performance looks like. Brought to you by big blue blob gang.
Puppet states buddy. You think maxifrance couldn't roll over those understrength peninsulii?
1010 is only 1.666 times larger than six, unfortunately. Still pretty stronk through.
If you want to farm lootboxes, the most efficient game mode is total mayhem. Failing that, 8 man free for all is also pretty decent, although it doesn't let you have that group xp bonus.
The absolute best aim training for pharah is dogfighting. You learn all the ins and outs of pouncing on targets and hitting targets while both of you move in three dimensions. I'd suggest trying to start up a 2v2 elimination pharah only dogfight server.
Greatest ratio of time spent in game versus time spent in queue
Iowa! * CK2 - After the End mod. Glorious Iowa carries forward the torch of liberty! Death to the heathen neo-pagans! * EU4 - Custom nation * Vicky - use national focuses while playing USA to make Iowa a powerhouse (relatively speaking) I don't actually own HOI4 * Stellaris- agricultural focus, sedendary, oligarchy, terraform *all* the planets.
Real issues like climate change?
Woosh
UNSONG is a self-similar reflection of god, in the same sense that all things are fractally identically to god. Also, whale puns.
enlightened self-interest?
Requests/Recommendations should be in the same thread, IMO. (Most) people aren't going to be making new requests each week-- they'll have a general idea of what they want, post once, and get their itches scratched (hopefully). Plus, having dedicated weekly threads will mean that people will be more likely to see other requests, and if those requests match what they'd request, then they won't make their own requests, driving down the overall volume of requests. Meanwhile, the request threads, as collections of recommendations tailored to specifications, will already be serving as a de-facto recommendation thread anyways, especially since people recommend stuff that is merely tangentially related. So it serves both purposes to have a single thread. The other thing I'd suggest is to make the Wednesday thread a tuesday thread instead, but also make it a general "OC writing/worldbuilding critique/discussion" thread (snappier title pending). Currently, I typically use friday off-topic if I want a specific bit of writing critiqued, and have gotten some excellent feedback. But with the monday thread content moved to the friday thread, it doesn't need that additional function of writing review to keep it active. Meanwhile, giving it three full days of time where it's the main thread increases the chance that people will pop in and interact with people spitballing stories. To make sure that thread isn't just spamming chapters and begging for review, though, I'd propose a requirement that the OP of any subthread must also provide review for at least one other poster on the thread. Moderator enforcement wouldn't be necessary; if someone made a habit of leeching, the community at large could simply refuse to interact with the leech. I do essentially agree with your points, though. /u/alexanderwales (tagged to present semi-dissenting, semi-assenting opinion.)
Is there any other kind of france?
&gt;And the new ones adopt and learn from classics like LH and make it better... If you've been paying attention to what gets manga adaptations... Not really. They get more niche, but not better.
If the exact date of jesus's birth was super theologically important, it would have been mentioned in the bible.
&gt; they are more unpredictable and draws you in. that... hasn't really been my experience. It's always some variant of truck-kun, reincarnated (with some special op power, or UP power that's actually OP), told to either fight the demon lord or be the demon lord, acquire harem, powerlevel (or if you're lazy, skip the powerlevel and just start out max level), make clear how much more of a noob everyone else is, etc.
The main difference between LH and other isekai is that in LH, the pritagonists aren't "special". They weren't chosen in particular, they're one of thousands of people who got put in ET. Everyone has access to the same exact mechanics they do. They distiguish themselved by what they do, not who they are.
Ah, zoning laws.
Or more accuratelly, it needs a small chicago section, and a huge central region just labeled, THE VOID. I told some brazilians where I was from while visiting brazil, and they were like, "cool, where's your country located?"
So you're saying the soviets would have had real communism if it weren't for those pesky americans? Wow, the people who died in the holodomor will be so happy to hear that!
&gt;I just can't imagine the human race without enormous amounts of bloodshed 24/7! I really can't. I hate to spoil your utopian fantasies, but nature is red in tooth and claw, and humans aren't magically exempt because of your wishful thinking. Our current systems of democratic governance provide for the greates freedom, peace, and prosperity we've seen in the entire history of humanity. I'm not going to throw that away to go back to substinence farming and endemic raiding that kills a quarter of the population. If licking boots is what it takes, so be it. You can't eat or clothe yourself in pride.
The more people have access to nukes, the greater the chance of an irrational entity getting a hold of them and nuking someone else, retaliation be damned. Who cares if you lose a city, if everyone will be sent to heaven in the afterlife anyways, right?
I'm a neolib, not a neocon. Think "globalist shill", rather than "crypto-fascist." If I was to wave a flag, it would be a UN One World Order flag. I know that states have a mix of communist, socialist, and capitalist elements. I just believe that policies should be judged exclusively on their own merits and how they interact with other policies, rather than how well they mesh with an ideology. The most succesful states are the pragmatic ones.
Okay, which time would you prefer to return to then?
&gt; Piledriver Well, it *is* really dumb. I can be a bodylength above the ground as pharah and still get hit by it~~, and unlike nearly every other stun, shields don't block it.~~ It's still nowhere near as infuriating as BOB though.
simultaneously or oscillatorily?
From your perspective on the extremes I suppose we look the same, but I guarantee for the vast majority if the more centrist population, there's a difference.
&gt;Neither really want to do anything substantive about climate change. False. Neolibs understand that C02 emissions are a negative externality distorting the market and want, at the very least, cap and trade or a carbon tax. &gt;maybe wants ICE to be a little nicer when they kidnap and murder children? Change that to "wants completely open borders and free flow of goods and people" and you'll be correct. Again, globalist shill. Neoliberals want to serve the best interests of the global population. It just so happens that the majority of economists agree that industrialization and globalization turn out to be the best way to do that, judging by the massive amount of people industrial capitalism has lifted up out of poverty over the past few decades in the developing world.
&gt;Everything only ever works at a local level up until the point where you have to redefine local. When your definition of local includes regions which have spanned cities or even the majority of a country you are empirically wrong. "Cities" are local. As for "the majority of the country," well, anarcho-communism hasn't managed to work on that scale, so that's a point in my favour. &gt;Large scale coordination is not antithetical to voluntary direct action or self organisation. If you believe people cannot organise themselves without somebody cracking a whip then you are again ignoring historical precedent which demonstrates exactly that. Considering your arguments have been largely off the cuff responses I don't think you're actually informed enough on these topics to be discussing them, which really does raise the question of why you feel so inclined to protect the status quo. This is not rational behaviour, to skewer yourself into a position before being privy to all the facts. I've had essentially this same argument before. I've heard all the claims that just because something is antithetical to anarchism in practice doesn't mean it can't exist in some theoretical framework. To that, I respond: where are the anarchists? If you look at the overwhelmingly vast majority of the people on the planet, why do they not live in an anarchic fashion? You could claim it was a lack of information about anarchism, but anarchism is the natural state of humanity. The fact is, just because centralization and coordination aren't *necessarily* impossible for anarchists to achieve doesn't mean they're ever practically achievable without moving away from anarchy, because the entire breadth of human history is an object lesson in how these things are inevitably used by some group to assume control over another. People can initially organize themselves without cracking a whip, but inevitably someone picks one up for any one of a variety of reasons. I'm inclined to protect the status quo because it provides a reasonable balance of security and liberty. Not a perfect one by any means, and I of course support work to fix its areas of deficiency, but even if I wanted to live in a perfectly anarchist society, I would still compromise by living in an anarchic society within the larger context of a non-anarchist state, because anarchy has been historically ineffective at fending off subjugation to something worse than the previous status quo, where one existed.
&gt;Completely open borders probably puts you in the absolute most radical portion of neolibs. Literally no centrist would acknowledge that position as valid, nor the great great majority of neolibs. I mean, I'm not in favor of totally open borders *immediatelly*, because it only works with reciprocity, but I'm not that much more radical most neolibs. Look at the EU for a microcosm-- I've never heard of a neolib against the free movement zone there. Any self-described neolib is in favour of more open borders, because it's nonsensical to have free movement of goods *without* free movement of labour. &gt;This a really weird misspelling of "Far too little, far too late". So you would prefer we do nothing? Neoliberalism is about pragmatism. We'll do what we can, even if it isn't enough.
&gt;Your ignorance is not a point in your favour. There are contemporary anarcho communist regions larger than a city. Please stop trying to discuss something before you've done any research. No, there aren't. You can't bring up a political map of the world and point to an area that is anarchist. At best, there are regions where a state has not yet asserted its will (zapatistas, parts of india, kurdistan), or has come to an agreement with anarchists where the anarchists admit the overall supremacy of the government, but are allowed autonomy in the majority of their personal affairs (kibbutz in israel.) &gt;You don't understand it is a rejection of hierarchies that cannot justify themselves Anarchy is "absence of government and absolute freedom of the individual, regarded as a political ideal." Or alternatively, anarchy is "a state of disorder due to absence or nonrecognition of authority." Given the context of this thread, I've been arguing against what I feel is a very generously broad interpretation of the term "anarchy". But if you want to go even broader, fine. I contend that anarchy, under your definition, is a fundamentally vacuous term because all hierchies are self-justifying. Any hierarchy capable of mantaining its own existence cannot be questioned any more than you can question gravity or electromagnetism. You either submit to the hierarchy or face the consequences. Therefore the imposition of dictatorial rule over a formerly democratic country could be called a form of anarchy, because it rejects a hierarchy that couldn't justify its own existence with one that justifies itself with every steel toed, camoflauge colored boot. &gt;I ask you to justify the existence of the hierarchy of the state, and all you can say is "we need a state to provide the murdering of other states and their murderers". It's horrendously irrational. Rationality isn't about good or bad. Rationality is about fulfilling goals. Like it or not, history has proven that any group not capable of sponsoring violence gets destroyed by groups that can sponsor violence. You can close your eyes, plug your ears, and hope *your* group will be different, or you can do the rational, goal-oriented thing, and make sure your group mantains the capability to murder other groups. &gt;You could use the same argument to say every single person should be armed with guns, or nukes, because otherwise we'd be exploited. I could, and if it was borne out by history, I would. Luckily, it turns out you only need a specialized portion of the population to stay armed, which is really convenient for resource-use reasons. &gt;Nobody is innately clever enough to argue against something they have no actual learning on. It is indeed true that I'm not clever enough to read your mind.
It's probably a spectrum. On one side you get people who can't form mental images at all, on the other you get artists with photographic imaginations, and in the middle there's the rest of us. For me, my mental images are pretty "clear" in their layout, but color is vague, and it's very difficult for me to imagine motion.
&gt;They don't form the basis of American culture, people don't believe in them and they don't really shape people's identities and actions This is wrong, and on some level you probably already realize that. People don't believe superheroes are actually, physically true, but they're reflections of the society they're from. The x-men parallel discrimination and the aids epidemic. Marvel's "civil war" arc revolves around the conflict between the desires for security and freedom, a topical question in a world where the power of surveillance is ever increasing. Superman and Captain America address the fundamental question of what it means to be an american, and more importantly, what we *want* being an american to mean. Like any epochal work of writing, superhero stories are packed with their own little morality tales like, "stand up for what you believe in", and "in spite of your differences, unite against a common threat." Like all good works of mythology, superhero stories vary how explicit they are about the lessons they impart, but they still echo the values that our society wants to pass to its children and to each other. And the rest of the stuff you mentioned gets addressed too. Superheros, while created by a single person or small team, inevitably get passed around dozens of writers, who each impart their own beliefs. Superhero stories even provide explanations for why the modern world works like it does: powerful men or conspiracies (represented by hydra, killmonger, thanos, and others) fighting to overturn the status quo, while empowered, enlightened individuals (the superheroes) seek to mantain it and improve it, all while the government interferes on both ends of the scale, sometimes a force for good and sometimes a force for bad. And superhero stories are a lens that people use to interpret the world through-- they identify with a favorite hero, that they use us an ideal to inform themselves how how act, much like the greeks and romans identified with a classical god. Superheroes are a critical aspect of the civic religion of modern america.
&gt;you're going to have to either trust me or lock me in a dog kennel. Is...is it possible to do both? No worries if it's not your thing, but, uh, we all got needs.
Nah, he definitely meant it to be insulting. A little bit of sibling rivalry for ya :P
The upper midwestern accent is just a canadian accent. Urban lower midwestern is quite nearly the newscaster accent though.
Weird, I pronounce Mary and Marry the same, but Merry differently. From the Midwest, where are you from?
Dig up those notebooks, transcribe to Word, and post it all to fanfiction.net/A03/royalroadl/fictionpress, or (if absolutely necessary) wattpad! You might be worried about quality, but if your stories are complete, they're automatically better than 99% of the stuff out there.
That's... not the accent I've heard from the people I know from chicago, and it doesn't resemble the accents I've heard in, say, Omaha, or Kansas City either.
There's... There's no 'h' in 'Marry.' If it was there I would pronounce it. Edit: Finally got it, after thinking for a bit. I was thinking they said it was pronounced "Ma-hry"
&gt;Stop moving the goal posts. You're the one moving the goalposts. If you're OK with anarchidt communitues only eximisting within the acknowledged borders of an existing state, and ultimately still subservient to that state, why bother arguing against a status quo? Everything you want is already possible. &gt;Well you could read anything on anarchism and anarcho communism. Hell even reading the wiki pages would be a good start. You don't need to read my mind. There's lots of material out there for you to read and most of it is free. This might be a surprise to you but you are not looking smart by trying to ad lib your way through rebuttals to the core tenants of a political theory hundreds of years old. &gt;More arguing from a dictionary. Here's a hint: two sentences is not enough to understand a thing well enough to argue against it. Any creationist can read the dictionary definition of evolution and rail on it. Any complex framework reduced down that much is essentially a strawman. Two sentences might not be enough, but you've been arguing with me for how many thousands of words? Don't blame me for not understanding what you personally understand anarchy to mean when you're too lazy to transmit your own ideology. I don't ask people to read keynes and milton friedman to "get" self-described neoliberalism, I just explain it myself. (And for the record, I have read the wiki page, and it contradicts you.) &gt;You don't know what a justified hierarchy is Case A: "justified" involves some form of virtue ethics, in which case it's useless as a term because virtue ethics don't exist in the physical world. Case B: "justified" involved utilitarianism, in which case "anarchy" takes credit for every change from something worse to something better, which is tautologically good and therefore useless as an ideological position. &gt;Hell, you're even clueless about rationalism since its purpose is not "fulfilling goals" like what does that even mean? From wikipedia, a rational agent "...always chooses to perform the action with the optimal expected outcome for itself from among all feasible actions." Rationality is the discipline of determining how to be a rational agent. What else would you bother using rationality for? *Not* fulfilling goals? &gt;What? There are numerous times in history where people's militias have defended foreign invaders. Was the Vietnam war a huge success for the super well armed Americans or did a bunch of rice farmers with aging guns stomp them So, the side with informal militias lost millions, and the side with a standing army lost tens of thousands, and you're arguing that having an informal militia is superior to having a standing army? Pull the other one. &gt;Why are you literally advocating for fascism? Having a standing military is not fascism. Hell, even your beloved Zapatistas have their own military.
In order: yes, I do, no, and you definitely shouldn't. Please never speak of these peanut butter noodles again. They are powerfully bad juju.
I think I have, actually. Peanuts can go well with noodles, it's the peanut *butter* that squicks me out.
Because it takes a particular kind of person to be an extremist, and not a particularly intelligent kind of person. There's a reason anarcho_capitalism looks like a cesspit compared to the more moderate /r/libertarian and outright centrist/trending-leftist /r/neoliberal, and you see the exact same kind of behavior on the far left. (/r/ChapoTrapHouse or /r/LateStageCapitalism vs /r/socialism)
&gt; full of dozens of small businesses that sell good coffee out of their window I've never seen this in the states, so that's some evidence on the pile that it's an australian thing. Though actually, it makes a lot of sense-- with nations that have to experience winter, you're going to want to buy your coffee indoors, e.g., from a starbucks.
&gt; I had three Hulu accounts with three different email addresses !? Wow, this reorg was a long time coming then. It sounds like you have a bad case of digital hoarding!
This made me look back at my google docs history to see how I'd made notes for my last story. &gt;Resolve Michael plot-- he’s going to Japan (get some closure) &gt;Krusty talks to Shoryu/reprimands him/strategizes &gt;Akihabara Round Table (with Minori’s help) plan what to do next. That was about 2500 words worth of plot. How many words did those notes cover? And do you feel like you're a faster pacer than normal, or a slower one? This makes me wonder if writers with faster pacing have fewer words of story per words of notes, or if they also write more condensed notes so the ratio stays similar...
Nevermind then, that's basically every coffee shop I've been to. (Which isn't many, but still.) I guess paris really is weird.
We're neoliberals, so no. Everything must be phrased in terms of resource management.
I would instantly nut at a game that let me design a modern city, usher it through an apocalypse intact, and then puppet it through waging war against other post-modern city-states to reunify civilization. Please, paradox, I just want to conquer the midwest. After the End only goes so far!
If someone hasn't told you before, the way it works is that you choose your initial direction, and then you rotate relative to it at a fixed speed (or up to a fixed speed) based on the difference between your stick's current position and original position. So what you're doing is you point up-right, and then move the stick slightly to the right after the move begins.
no, you choose its L/R direction when it first activates by flicking the stick.
Seconding /u/stryker1488, your best bet is to aggregate all your unite at a rally point, and then split off the amount you use for each formation to the location you want them at. Then a while later, you see all the units that have reinforcements stacked on top of them, so you delete their existing forces and merge in the replacements.
It's actually a *really* primitive implementation of the internet. I'm currently streaming 96 bits of ASCII porn to the room next to me. The actual data ain't so bad, but the headers are a bitch
The term you're looking for is "peggy sue" stories, if that helps your search.
Go to the fandoms of works you like Fanfiction.net and ao3. Then use these filter heuristics: Fanfiction.net * words - over 10k (to get ongoing stuff) * updated in last six months OR complete to avoid deadfics. * sort by follows (you want at least a hundred on any large to medium fandom, usually) *without romance/with adventureb to get a story with a plot, the opposite to get fluff AO3 * go to the "advanced search options" page. * use your fandom name. * greater than ten kudos. * no explicit content (unless you want that) * no crossovers (or you'll get stories with retarded amounts of tags that are just authors exploiting AO3 to get subscribers for their vast list of oneshots)
Most protagonists, period, care about the greater good. Rational protagonists are just better at it, like they are at everything else. (Except social interaction.)
The term "peggy sue" is actually unrelated to the term "peggy sue." It's named after a character who featyred in an early timeloop story.
"I would complain about how little I get paid, but legally speaking, I am only allowed to speak to shill for Sweetwater because of the endorsement contract I signed to buy my third polymoog, so I'd like to remind everyone that sweetwater has a microphone sale going on."
Hold on a second. This power can trivially be used to determine if a program will terminate. Fuck all this other stuff. You are a goddamn *halting oracle*. You are a literally omnipotent compitational force.
They're considered to be a B tier gas station around these parts, along with quiktrip. A tier is Caseys, S tier is the largest truck stop in the world, which is sort of its own thing.
Ntr?
Neither of them are particularly sketchy, but they don't really stand out, you know? You could say Quiktrip is a higher B tier than Kum and Go, but they're still both B tiers compared to the entrants for A and S tier.
I'm not racist, I just want to get dicked down by pingu's big tuxedo cock.
Are those light blue african colonies american? Also, america without the bottom chunk makes me feel super uncomfortable.
Oh, that would explain things
*Laughs in Hundred Years War*. That is, the conflict where France and England finally got independence from each other.
Dude, Sealion is such a pipe dream, over at alternate history forums, everyone calls it "unmentionable mammal."
k-selection versus r-selection, basically.
Poverty exists because coordinating the distribution of resources is a Difficult Problem. We've tried all manner of top-down control; palace economies in tribes, barter systems in early cities, feudal control of resources, mercantilism, and so on. Capitalism is the most recent innovation, and as declining rates of poverty show, is currently the best option available (with considerations made for even newer innovations, like neoliberalism and demoratic socialism, to make up for capitalism's failure modes while still making use of its basic structure). But we won't have optimal distribution of resources until we institute an omnibenevolent, utilitarian AI God-King. And even then poverty will only be briefly eliminated before population numbers rise again, because you can support more humans in poverty than in excess.
the unemployment rate is 3.5% dipshit. The vast majority of poor people in the US are productive members of society.
u/nwordcountbot GaBeRockKing
So *that's* what inspired [this](https://scottwesterfeld.com/wp/wp-content/uploads/2009/10/LeviathanGrandMapBIG.jpg) map from [Leviathan](https://smile.amazon.com/Leviathan-Trilogy-Scott-Westerfeld/dp/1416971742?sa-no-redirect=1)
The french also have their own sphere of influence where french is *still* the lingua franca-- French Afrique. If they gave into english, they'd lose some of their hold over their neocolonial subjects.
Exactly. If the french give in and learn english, they get swallowed.
No, he was still the girl, he just got *fucked* by a polar bear.
Sort of the united states. It's hard to fuck up, and with some preplanning you can snag a fair bit of colonial territory. (Especially if you're willing to consider Canada "the colonies.)
Archrivals. The great clash of Megademocracy versus Turbodemocracy.
I wonder if england would mantain catholicism in this TL to reinforce their claim to the americas via some equivalent to the treaty of Tordesillas. Certainly, whenever I play a colonization game in europe in EU4, I make sure to stay buddies with the pope so the other catholic powers don't mack on my land claims.
It'll be kind of difficult with france owning that random ass part of bavaria, because germany will need to take both that and A-S. The war itself will be easy, but it'll need to eat quite a bit of infamy.
England and France's *other* bastard love child.
They're dangerous if they feel like the regime doesn't have their interests in mind, but they're useful if they can be pointed against foreign enemies rather than internal ones.
The virgin fascism versus the chad turbo-nationalism. "Other cultures are great, that's why we're going to put them all inside our borders."
WE LIVE IN A FRANKENREICH RISE UP (MY MINION)
&gt; the pilot can slap me in the face before take off I'd probably pay extra for that service if I'm allowed to call the pilot "daddy" afterwards.
Not really though. Nobody really cares about antarctic claims except chile (they really like the idea of being a three-continent empire), and the second people start caring, the US will likely make a claim that overlaps pretty heavily with the british one, and will be in a better position to enforce it.
&gt;oil not appearing *cries in USA*
By the time that happens, geopolitics and technology will be entirely different. Though if you'd like to speculate about what would happen if it happened now by divine intervention, alternatehistiry forum has at least one thread on the subject, if I remember correctly.
In the short term, the price of normal seating rises because supply of aircraft is relatively inflexible. But in the long term, more people flying mean airlines want more planes to makes more money, and then the supply curve shifts to be cheaper. The fundamental problems with capitalisn are corporate deception, regulatory capture, monopoly, monopsony, and non-internalized externalities. Providing products that allow more people to do what they want to do is a *benefit* of capitalism, not a drawback.
America's existing research stations and larger navy give it an advantage, and the places it would likely make claims (based on research station and geographical position) overlap with the UK claims, plus some south american claims where the US could more easily influence the nations in question.
With most people playing with at least 1500 point armies, it's definitely not worth it for just time spent, even including painting time and time spent lining them up to admire them unless you play very often (more than once a week.) You can significantly decrease cost by buying secondhand and pirating rulebooks, but secondhand stuff is usually prepainted so you can have fun painting that. Alternatively, sketchy chinese recasters can get your pretty decent prices, but at slightly to noticeably worse quality, and with opaque ordering systems. That being said, you could treat them sort of like decorations, making them more worthwile.
&gt; its on steam right? Yes. Wait for a sale and get both dlc. &gt;how hard it is to learn? the econ/pop system seemed a bit scary at first glance. 😯 Victoria 2's interface is terrifying, but I think Victoria 2 as a game is easier to learn than other paradox games due to its design philosophy. Moving soldiers works like usual, you need the bigger army with better technology to win wars, tax your people just enough to pay for your stuff, encourage liberal policies if you're a great power and socialist policies to become one, totally ignore the trade screen because it runs itself without your input, only look at the population screen to admire the pie charts, only look at the industry screen to continuously upgrade factories, and play the sphere game to waste time. The difficulty in vicky is learning individual countries to play them optimally, rather than the game mechanics. That's because unlike later games like EU4, where the difficulty is based off common mechanics, but with a bit of flavour for each country, victoria 2 is mostly driven forward by events and decisions, which you'll only understand how to use properly after several playthroughs of the same country. When I started playing france, I'd get trashed by prussia, for example, because of their events that let them take the rhineland easily with the help of the german minors. Now the shoe is on the other foot, because I understsnd how to leveragr france's events and decisions to make is significantly more powerful that it ever could have dreamed of being in real life. &gt;is there a "tutorial island" equivalent nation? how hard is austria(-hungary)? Yes. Japan is vanilla's tutorial island due to its easy westernization, high literacy, and right RGOs for industrialization (after a bit of conquest anyways.) Other easy nations are the USA, Brazil, and sort-of prussia. Austria-hungary, meanwhile is one of the harder nations. Low literacy, tons of non-accepted pops, and prussia/germany likes to beat you up and take your toys, and if you get trashed once, italy likes to capitalize and take its cores, while hungary will break free and crisis wars will fire to free your polish or croatian cores. It has a shit ton of potential, of course, as it's the preffered means to make großdeutschland, or alternatively the danubian federation, but I wouldn't recommend it to a new player.
I might be mixing up an HPM or HFM feature because I rarely play vanilla, but yes.
I'm more active than usual 'cuz I'm farming that sweet, sweet cake day karma.
Stop playing vanilla vicky. Please, it physically hurts me to see anyone suffer through it. The borders are *so ugly*.
That's because you have *vanilla*-vanilla vicky, without the expansions Heart of Darkness and A House Divided. You absolutely have to have both, or no mods work, and also everything is screwed up and buggy.
Then change it in a mapmod instead of dealing with those terrible mechanics. No, seriously, it's pretty easy to change country color
There's three main kinds of vicky. 1. Release vicky, without expansion. Sometimes called "vanilla vicky without expansions." This is what you're playing, which is obvious because you colonize via national focus rather than colonial races. 2. Vicky with expansions, or "vanilla vicky." Victoria 2's main expansions (a house divided, heart of darkness) included bugfixes, and are basically required to play it. The minor expansions are unnecessary, but usually come cheap with bundles anyways. This is the minimum version of vicky considered playable. 3. Modded vicky. A number of extremely high quality mods exist for victoria 2 that overhaul a significant number of mechanics, the map, and decision trees/events for historical accuracy, realism, and game balance. Historical Project Mod (HPM) and Historical Focus Mod (HFM) are the most popular and are very similar to each other (HFM is based on HPM and includes more events and alternate history stuff, but isn't updated as quickly with updates to HPM, and also railroads the colonization game more.) Also very popular are pop demand mod, which revamps the economy, and Divergences of Darkness, which is based off of HPM's mechanics, but features an entirely custom world from an alternate history. tl;dr buy the expansions from steam on a steam sale and install them, and then once you've had a playthrough or two in regular vanilla, download HPM or HFM, put them in your mod folder, and play them instead.
If you had said "discouraged from having shaved heads" you'd be in the clear, but cops have civil liberties and the right to express themselves too.
I just watched japan march its entire army through neutral russia to help me (france) full-occupy the NGE. Bushido js wack, yo.
* trash prussia early and often. Take the rhineland to boost your supply of coal and iron. * the majority of britain's army score is tied up in massive quantities of soldiers in india and canada. That makes naval invasion of the british isles entirely feasible if you concentrate naval force in the channel and walk your troops acroas. * russia is an OK ally until around 1850, after which prussia will just constantly trash them. Avoid calling them into your wars unless you want them to lower your battle score, except when you've already mostly won and just need help full-occupying prussia. * spain is your most reliable ally. They have no reason to fight you, no one else they want to ally more with, won't get occupied by your enemies because they have to go through you first, and have a decent army that will help you with the micro of sieging provinces. * make sure to get your naval base im the pacifc (new caledonia) up to scratch quickly so you can use it to take those little pacific islands. They don't really do anything for you, but they're fun to have. * events will pop up to give you algeria and land in indochina. Be ready to take advantage of them.
Something something uruguay is just a rebellious province.
Every conversations devolves to shitting on revolutionaries in general, because they're stupid and anyone thinking clearly can see that.
A ha, turning back my words on me, so clever! Almost as clever as wanting to destroy all the progress we've made towards equality and political representation since the civil war, just to inevitably replace it with an even more corrupt government and a new social class of haves to opress the have-nots.
Yep. The one big upcoming technology I'm most interested in/scared of is superpersuaders. There won't be any radical change-- advertising techniques have been getting better and better for decades, if not centuries. But once the most powerful governments and corporations have techniques so sophisticated as to convince individuals, not just demographics, to do what they want, I fear what will become of everything from commerce to culture.
This is vanilla, so once he starts the assimilation train and gets tons of people converting to french after they migrate to his core provinces, they migrate back out, turn other provinces french, and trigger the event that gets more cores.
I don't think you want kindergartners orgasming at an animal shelters. The mental associations they'd make would be... Concerning.
Also, potentially more dangerous, if the animals are orgasming too you'll get a whole lot of fleshies.
I remember being taught it, but I just stopped using it after a teacher told me my handwriting was more legible printed. There's just no real point to using cursive.
cursive is faster for ink pens, but the speed is comparable for pencils and ballpoint pens.
Well, I see plenty of people do, the "edit" thing, but its usually just "edit: words".
Is italy going to exchange savoy for venezia like in otl? Also, what are the planned ramifications of napoleon not using so much of frances' human capital on his wars? Does france settle louisiane properly, or is that still sold, but france gets more african colonies?
&gt;No priest can bring my sorrow at my sin to Christ only I can profess that to Christ directly. Confession to a priest is necessary but not sufficient for redemption. Aside from all the repentance necessary on your own part, you also have to be willing to confess your sins to a priest, through whom God works through to grant you redemption. There are a few cases in catholic theology where you can get forgiven for minor (venial) sins without going through a priest, but major (mortal) sins, in almost all circumstances, require a priest's help to be forgiven for. &gt;I have also heard Catholics pray to saints or to Mary. If you say it's not allowed and the only one worthy of our worship is the Lord Himself then I'll believe you. Prayer to saints/mary/angels/etcetera is asking them to intercede on your behalf to God, and then hopefully having God work through them to bless you/others. Catholicism is orthodox in the sense that only God is supernatural, and all supernatural phenomenon ultimately come from him, but where the disagreement comes in between protestants and catholics/orthodox christians is that protestants (in general, there are inevitably denominations that think otherwise) don't see any benefit to having an intermediary between a person and God. You can see a reflection of the previous point I made here-- protestantism, as a branch of christianity specifically resulting from clerical abuses of power in the 15th century, disdains intermediaries, temporal or spiritual.
&gt; We’re becoming a minority in our own country, Why the hell does anticonsumption somehow overlap with bullshit race realism? Face it-- you have always been a minority in your own country. First, the landed british gentry (the OG fiscal and cultural conservatives) where always minorities compared to the disenfranchised, poorer working class, until the working class got more rights, but that was offset by the North/South divide and slaves, which then morphed into the people struggling against the irish, italians, chinese, etc. immigrants. Twenty years from now, you'll be calling latinos, mixed african americans, japanese, korean, and chinese people "white" while racebaiting against sub-saharan africans, not even realizing how far your views have slid. &gt;trannies are grooming children in libraries The exact same media that wants people to think baby yoda is a wonderful organic meme is the media trying to convince you that there's a tranny epidemic coming for your children, and for the same reasons. It's the dark irony of /r/ConsumeProduct that so many of its members are vulnerable to the exact same tactics, but are just pointed towards different products.
Before you spend your time typing up something long, I want to say that I'm no theologician, and have never actually looked up the biblical justification for purgatory as presented by the catholic church; I just know the justification is there, and some of its implications.
Yep. I'm a moderate democrat and self-identified neoliberal yang supporter. But I would vote for the reanimated corpse of Stalin if that's what it took to get Trump out of office. Meanwhile, you have so many democrats that think obama is too far to the right to vote for if he ran again this election. I'm hoping demographic change is enough to carry democrats in 2020, because if it's not voter turnout certainly won't be.
The way this ended made me laugh harder than most of the jokes, and I did indeed laugh pretty hard in chapters 1-3. Excellent meta-joke.
And the ancaps will be able to hire mercenaries from other ancap communities. Of course, the neofeudalists will eventually destroy everyone else with their conscripted armies of slave soldiers, but that's anarchism for you.
&gt;Sorry, but this really just sounds like neofeudalism. Small-scale dictators acting with total and complete impunity in their “property”. And therein lies the problem with all forms of anarchy.
Communism works pretty well on local scales, but history has shown that more centralized groups tend to eat less centralized ones. On a flat plain dotted by all stripes of anarchists, the most successful ones will the the ones to discover authoritarianism first. Of course, I realize I'm preaching to the choir here considering your centrist tag, it's just nice living in a republic where the necessity of tyranny can be balanced against the benefits of freedom.
Yes. /r/paradoxplaza. Fair warning though, playing victoria 2 has been known to cause side effects including IMPERIALISM, LIBERALISM, and/or DIRECT MARKET INTERVENTION in otherwise healthy young adults. Ask your doctor if victoria 2 is right for you.
I assume you've already heard all the conventional advice on losing weight, so I'm going to give you the unconventional advice to try soylent powder. Because the taste is mediocre at best, it's not the sort of thing you'll snack on, but if you're like me and go out to eat when yoy don't feel like cooking, it's nice having something that will fill the craving for food while also not being appetizing enough for you to overindulge in. (I've previously used a similar strategy to get off sugary drinks with lacroix and tea.)
&gt;Whether people make decisions under this system that lead to happiness shouldn't be a consideration imo. Why not? Governments are, at their most basal, organizations of people entrusted with specific functions. The majority of people believe that governments should have a functionality in making people happy, such as by doing stuff that contributes to the national prestige like international sporting events. Making people happy needs to be balanced against making them prosperous so they can make themselves happy, but it's a legitimate role for the government to play.
Ah, I see where I introduced confusion. I think centralized government is inevitable, but while government inherently restricts liberties (via the standard security/freedom trade) some forms of government have better trade ratios than others. Democratic republics in particular make (comparively) very fair trades, even for the oligarchic ones, so my argument is that if someone were to make a measure of average tyranny per second, working to mantain or improve a democratic republican status quo minimizes that measure. All empires fall, and all republics eventually become despotates, but they're far more resistant than anarchic "states" to tyrrany, and tend to have better failure modes. Meanwhile, feudalism is extremely stable and long lived, and has been the most common failure mode of anarchist societies since the development of agriculture. And for the record, I'm including both internal and external causes of tyranny-- anarchic societies have been consistently unable to keep up with military arms races, and tend to get taken over. And the kind of society that trends towards imperialism is the kind of society that likes leaving behind microcosms of its own tyranny everywhere it touches.
The above is a Worm spoiler (In the future, please tag in plaintext what works spoilers come from, or people (a.k.a. me) will click the spoilers just to find what they're about. Thanks!)
I would like to recommend getting a drawing tablet. I just got a cheap one ($35, like a touchpad but with a pressure sensitive pen instead of your fingers) and was blown away by the quality. Paired with illustrator sketchbook (free for noncommercial use) or another art editor of your choice (e.g. gimp) they make it significantly more fun to make computer art compared to drawing with a mouse. I'm a garbage artist, so don't worry about needing to be any good to have fun. I can already tell I'll blow past my standard $1/hour cost/funtime ratio.
Historical Project Mod. One of the top two mods for Vicky 2, along with HFM (historical focus mod). Features more historical accuracy than vanilla plus some new mechanics, but isn't as railroady as HFM.
I got a Huion Inspiroy H640P because it was a good balance between size and price, but have no doubt that there are plenty of other drawing tablets out there as good if not better. I literally just searched amazon for "drawing tablet" and got one with the right price and rating.
HFM+More stuff for HFM (while playing one of the nations that gets extra content), then HPM, then HFM, then vanilla, then PDM.
Pensei que vocês iriam gostar disso. Por que jogar Imperator: Rome quando você pode jogar Imperator: Brasil?
Só podemos ter esperança.
Poor nothing. It took three great powers across two wars, including me, a player, to do that. Germany is way too OP in vicky 2.
I don't really understand the silesia tag either, but I think the justification is that it's incredibly rare for germany to dismantle Russia and then get dismantled itself (as happens in otl) so since germany can't have territory annexed to poland, which in theory would be strong enough to prevent reconquest, the vicky 2 powers have to take more drastic steps to keep germany down once as for all. Thus, they lose more of east germany, silesia, and schweilstig-holstein.
No clue, but I would suspect so. Also, can you link me HFM mapmod?
Make sure you have HFM more stuff installed if you're wondering about NZ, Quebec, and Louisiana.
"Absolutely optimal". Perfect can describe a local maxima of goodness, such that no change to something can improve it, but it isn't sufficient to describe situations or things that couldn't conceive be replaced under any circumstance by another, and have a better outcome. A drawing of an apple can be "perfect" if no other drawing of that apple would be a better drawing of that apple. But to be "absolutely optimal" it would also need to solve world hunger and give out blowjobs, among other requirements.
"mediocre" brackets below average to average. "average" brackets slightly below average to slightly above average. Thesauruses give you words that are close enough in meaning to be called synonyms, but taking into account connotation, subtext, and alternate uses, two words described as synonyms can in the end have really little in common. For example, both "hashtag" and "octothorpe" refer to the exact same '#' character, but if I'm talking about someone writing hashtag, people are going to think social media, but if I'm talking about someone writing an octothorpe, they're going to (look up the meaning of octothorpe, and then) think of an editor or proofreader.
It depends on how you say it. If you say "this is mediocre **but**..." and suggest options to improve/suggest it has potential, they might think of you as "tough but fair." (And to an extent, saying someone's work is "average" when most people are used to people either giving compliments, calling it shit, or staying silent, has negative connotations anyways.) Though that being said, if I'm remembering high school and below correctly, your kids would probably think you were an asshole no matter what you did anyways. That's just how kids are with their teachers.
The denotation of your words was that "average" and "mediocre" are synonyms, which is true. But the connotation of your words was that "average" and "mediocre" have the same connotations, which is false. Don't complain about reading comprehension when people have been trained their entire lives to consider both denotation *and* connotation in text.
One less siccesful republic is still that much less prestige for the french revolution to draw from.
In the water, the orca would clearly win. on land, the bear with clearly win. And bears can also swim. A-ha, you say! Then clearly, the bear has the advantage; the bear is immune on land, and can also attack in water-- clearly, this matchup is advantageous for the bear. But the problem is, the orca will never ever go on land anyways, removing the bear's biggest advantage. Meanwhile, the clever orca can bait the bear into entering the water, perhaps by enticing it with fish or by acting wounded and vulnerable. Then, it springs the trap, and the bear dies underwater like a bad mortgage in the '08 crisis.
Most cats despise water, but many others enjoy a dip. If nothing else, the orca can just spend its time with its little cat head poking out of the surf. And the orca only needs the bear to fall for its trap once. It can afford to be patient; both orca and cats are known for their cunning. Meanwhile, pigeons are dumb, and considering yogi bear is "smarter than the average bear" while being a consummate moron, a pigeon-bear hybrid would be positively idiotic. The best the bear could do is try to bait the orca at the edge of the water, except orca are well adapted to snatching seals off icebergs, and that skill would transfer.
It sold shares to the rest of the map so it's controlled by everyone else simultaneously, except its board members have engaged in market manipulation at the behest of the illuminati such that they in turn puppet the rest of the map in secret, and in turn the illuminati tapers as a pyramid does towards the celestial heights of the bogdanoff twins, who control reality itself.
Fundamentally speaking, because they're both powerful, militarist nations with vested interests in the mediterraean. France and Turkey/the ottomans actually have a pretty long history of alliance, but that typically happens when France has enemies in the North Sea (england, germany, russia, the netherlands) or hapsburgs to fight. With france friendly to the north sea nations and spain, they're secure in expanding their influence in the mediterranean region.
At the very least, 54-40 or fight, right? Then we can get that nice pacific border and cockblock the canadians from talking behind the US's back with the aussies.
GDP per capita is pretty comparable (40k to 44k), germany just has an extra 20ish million people.
Napoleons' campaigns depopulated the rural areas of france prior to the industrial revolution, so germany increased in population faster than france. The trend is sort-of reversing as france can take in more migrants due to its french-speaking former colonies.
That's *every* group.
&gt;IOWA HAS BAD CORN. GBR. Stay mad, Nebraska. Des Moines &gt; Omaha
Omaha is nothing more than a zoo surrounded by a squalor. If and when Iowa launches an actual invasion of your pitiful state, our enlightened rule will be welcomed by the pathetic, oppressed denizens of that overgrown town. Sure, it has a greater population than des moines, but lacks that essential *je ne sais quoi* that makes a *true* city.
&gt;LOL macron (wannabe napoleon) still thinks he owns Africa Judging by the map and france's influence with its former colonies, including the amount of africans who are assimilating to speaking french, he kind of does.
https://www.reddit.com/r/MapPorn/comments/eq52ce/every_states_least_favorite_state_according_to_my/fepmsq4/
You know. *That* male lead. The one the story is named after.
The United States is *eventually* going to lose the battle for the south china sea. The longer it takes for a war to happen, the more time china has to catch up, while the US would really prefer for there not to be a war in the first place (which china knows.) But the US doesn't *need* for there to be a war. The longer it takes for china to catch up (which the US contesting the SCS slows down), the more the status quo with Taiwan is fortified. And so long as the US can keep the first island chain out of China's hands, the US keeps its hegemony over the pacific. And since keeping control of the pacific (and atlantic) are critical US strategic goals, the status quo suits the US just fine.
I spent four hours playing smash against my ness main friend earlier today. On one hand, he pulled off some truly HOT nair/down-b strings. On the other hand, he also got me with a 4x PK fire into smash combo *twice*. Not all ness mains are bad. But all ness mains, without exception, are *evil*.
The violence in the middle east was preditermined from the moment inland reactionaries found the oil that would allow them to supplant the cosmopolitan coastal elite, who build their wealth off trade. The only way to have peace in the middle east would have been to avoid the collapse of the ottoman empire, and have an ottomanism movement succeed at replacing or at least syncretizing with local identities.
&gt; Buneary lewd.
The french would have told their men to fix bayonets, jump into the water, and perform a swimming bayonet charge against the other ship. Elán, baby.
I actually had the opposite experience on my wonderlocke. Hop killed three of my pokemon, making him the second most menacing character in the game after that goddamn water gym leader. He was a rival that actually *felt* like a rival, because while he never beat me, he was still the third most 'powerful' trainer in the game.
&gt; I miss the times where your rival got the pokemon that was strong to your type, not weak. What makes a rival a rival is that they are always ahead of you, they get the opposing starter to your starter, and you have to defeat them at the very end of the game to become the champion. That is to say, your rival is *Leon*. Just like how with SUMO, your rival was Kukui.
I'd be fine with dynamax, ifonly all the mega-evolutions came back as gigantamax forms. (For those pokemon who didn't already have gigantamax forms.) The models are already made, gamefreak. Come on!
Frankly, with france, my suspicion is that any president ballsy enough to deploy the army without informing parliament is going to be too busy conquering the rhineland to listen to elected officials.
I'd take even highter-risk lucario to either get more oomph at low aura, to get literally any spike (I'd take extremespeed spiking if that was what it took), or for side-b to get its framedata buffed so it could be actually be used as an antiair/spacing at any aura except maximum. Though I suspect that, since lucario has already been buffed, he's not getting buffed again. Which isn't too bad-- he's a mid tier already. Combined with buffs to lower tiers and nerfs to higher tiers, the game might get more balanced overall for lucario mains.
Your post needs an asterisks and then an addendum that says, "except the germans." Though more seriously, why be on this subreddit, except to meme? The vast majority of republic have no chance at ever becoming monarchies. They're become authoritarian dictatorships first.
Or both, simultaneously. The french are perpetually one bad month and one charismatic leader away from invading all their neighbors. The germans got it out of their system, but the french still have bright blue uniforms in their closets.
Youngster joey would be absolutely based though. Imagine a tandem pokemon trainer like Rosalina/luma, but his (top tier) rattatta isn't always out, instead, he has shorts-based attacks at close range, or he can throw out rattata from a pokeball and manipulate it at long range, but at the cost of leaving himself standing still and vulnerable. A true puppetmaster character.
I love the idea of a balkanized confederacy, but I just can't see a world where the US defeats louisiana and doesn't conquer it. The mississippi river basin is the largest chunk of contiguous, arable territory on the entire planet, and the mississippi river (and in particular, its outlet at New Orleans) are strategically critical to the United States.
I find it suspicious that you're touring the US on an election year right before primary season. If you reveal your one wierd trick to effortlessly optain american citizenship and run for president, I call dibs on being your secretary of state,
I want to name a small town in the US something like "The independent and Sovereign Principality of Minium", make the mayor legally an elected king, and then confuse the shit out of anyone who doesn't know their geography. It would even be accurate to say it was formerly a british colony, but is now independent from the united kingdom.
Why does italy have corsica? I can see it having savoy, because france might have simply not cut the deal that lead the italians to gift it to the french. But in a world where france is strong enough to take the rhineland, wallonia, and still grab algeria/tunisia, a french reconquest of corsica seems inevitable. Alternatively, you could give tunisia to italy, to show that italy was the dominant naval power of the mediterranean and explain why france couldn't get corsica back.
Cool idea; project orion was definitely one of the best crazy cold war ideas. Though French Guiana should probably be colored yellow-- it's the location of the current european spaceport.
Check the writeup on the imgur post. The gist of it is that I hard-prioritized immigration buffing political reforms, which let me build up industry, which let me pay for the education of my populace and the conquest of my neighbors. Luck also played a role-- at the time the irish potato famine happened, I had universal voting and the "come to brazil" decision, so I was getting about 2/3rds as many immigrants as the US, which lead to a crazy amount of irish pops who assimilated nicely to the brazilian green.
the point of beginning with primes isn't that the prime numbers are world-shattering information, but that it lets aliens understand how we communicate with a nearly unmistakeable pattern that isn't often found in nature. That is, it proves beyond a shadow of a doubt that our communication is intelligent, aimed towards them, and *communication*. Once primes are sent, we hopefully begin mirroring. They recognize that we're trying to open communications, and try to mirror our communications to get a grasp at how we respond. So if they send some sequence back at us, we'd send that same sequence, but extended. e.g., they send us, 2,4,8,10, we send 2,4,8,10,12. If we've properly guessed at what they were sending us, we're capable of copying what they did, and adding a little bit more. If we've made a bad guess, then when we send back (what seems to be) gibberish, the aliens likely act different (in a predictable way) to how they'd act if we sent back the 'right' communication. From there, it becomes a game of hypothesis testing-- if given input X, what do we expect the aliens to do with it? What do they actually do? Meanwhile, the aliens are doing the same to us, establishing the basic reciprocity that we can expect, from a game-theoretical perspective, to be present in any life form both intelligent enough for spacefaring and benevolent enough not to kill us and take our resources on sight.
The acadians would move north to colonize canada, now that they have an entire french speaking country to themselves. OTL, they had a choice between two english speaking countries, so it didn't really matter.
Looks like something out of *Made in Abyss.*
You might enjoy victoria 2. *looms in anarcho-liberal.*
I'm not saying the democrats were perfect. As much as I like Obama, he did things that were unconscionable. Similarly, the democratic party as a whole did things I don't agree with and wish weren't possible. But, through no fault of the democratic party, our electoral politics boil down to them versus the republicans, and they are worth supporting over the alternative every single time. And before you try and make some point about how the democrats refuse electoral reform, I'll preemtively counter that the democrats have already tried to get superpac money out of politics, have [already tried to abolish the electoral college](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/National_Popular_Vote_Interstate_Compact), and have, in some cases, even tested out proportional voting. But given that the republicans can still take the presidency and both houses of congress under the right conditions, we have nowhere near the support necessary for the constitutional amendments necessary to truly reform our voting system, so complaining that the democrats haven't made those reforms is like complaining they haven't reversed time and punch ronald reagan in the face.
The dragon/fairy combo isn't one I concieved of, but it is pretty cool. I'd probably either play it at the minimum points cost with a few asterisks to get over the running water dowside, or go absolutely HAM on points and use asterisks to remove sleep time.
&gt;ROB misspoke about the consequences because, as written, no one would change (bottom tier says so... whoops!). In-universe, this CYOA is designed to be optional. It's a perfectly valid choice to say, 'all the options or bad, so I refuse to play.' Though the downside to that is the risk of another player converting you into their build without your consent. Though luckily, most of the players with hyper-spreading builds seem pretty altruistic, woth the caveat that they all want to be undead for whatever reason. Not that I'm complaining-- seeing the emergent gameplay was the best part of having made this cyoa.
Very interesting build! I could definitely see this populating a newly urban-fantasy world. &gt;being able to speak the incantation for transformation shouldn't be a problem Fun fact: the wording for this is deliberately vague, so people can declare essentially whatever they want as a chant. Screaming rhythmically for two continuous minutes would be a perfectly valid way to transform. (And, not so coincidentally, would be metal as fuck.)
Victoria 2 is difficult to mod for primarily because it's an older, outdated game with poor support (relative to newer paradox games) for modding. In particular, modifying its map is evidently an absolute nightmare. Compare that to ck2, where most of thr top mods make significant changes to the map (game of thrones, after the end, elder scrolls, etc.) It's also overly reliant on scripted events, as most earlier paradox games were. Abstracting away its systems wouldn't solve any of those problems. But on the other hand, a more simulationist victoria 3 would. Imagine, instead of having scripted event chains for national unification, pops instead had a desire for national unification that the ai could respond to that would make the AI accept annexation deals when militancy was high enough. Imagine removing diplo mana amd replacing it with some factor based on a nations proportion of educated people and global economic influence (as measured by imports/exports). Those mechanics could be equally useful in a fantasy mod, or even a mod set in a different time period. We've already seen people mod vicky 2 for the age of enlightenment and cold war.
Compared to rome and china, egypt lacks linguistic and cultural continuity. If you look at rome, there's a dude called the pontifex that's a religious leader of people who mostly speak latinate languages. If you look at china, you can see how the oracle bones evolved into chinese script. If you look at egypt, their language, writing system, and culture all stem from the muslim conquests, not the Pharoahs. Edit: retracted this statement, look down the comment chain
My point is that egypt's history is composed of several temporally and culturally disjoint civilizations, while in comparison roman and chinese cultue has persisted for longer continuous periods of time. I won't agree with OP's premise that those are the only long lived cultures (several semetic cultures and australian aboriginal culture have also been very long lived, among others) but I think egypt in particular is disqualified.
http://www.latinamericanstudies.org/paraguay/francia.htm One of their dictators made same-race marriages illegal.
Checked wikipedia and I'll retract my statement. Old and middle kingdom are what I'd consider to be continuous cultures. /u/Alaus_oculatus
The quality of life in paris brings up the average. The quality of life basically everywhere else brings it down.
&gt; but are you really saying that everything is looking hopeful for the future? If society totally collapses and we regress into an age of neo-feudal warlords, your kids won't be any worse off than most people throughout history. At least we'll keep some knowledge of sanitation around to reduce deaths in childbirth and infant mortality. If you don't want to have kids for your own sake, don't. But the vast majority of people agree that being alive is strictly better than being dead, because the ones that don't tend to kill themselves.
You could make that argument, and I would accept it. Poland deserves to become the state of east virginia, or maybe New New York.
China will become the next superpower. They have too much economic, demographic, and military weight not to. That being said, it's up in the air whether they'll emerge ahead of the US by the end of the 21st century, because china has its own unaddressed systemic problems.
/alien invasion/eldritch horrors/time traveling lizardmen/.... There's really no way to know for sure.
I think san marino is the oldest continuous republic, but not the oldest continuous democracy.
Challenge: play this country in victoria 2 without getting stomped on by the US. Bonus points if you can get the US to take sonora.
Not in international politics. Usually, countries will take your land and then force you to pay reparations for it (see: franco-prussian war, WW1). Typically they'll also make you renounce claims, but that only really works as long as you're strong enough not to get invaded anyways.
You made Iowa into a coastal state. You absolute madman.
The hungarian nobility did the most to fight back against the austrian attempt to federalize and devolve more power to individual ethnicities. Were it not for their stubborn refusal to give up power we might still have a (reduced) austro-hungarian state today.
In particular, it's a deliberate strategy we learned from the british. If you keep starting wars away from the mainland, people are too busy to invade you.
Ask /r/victoria2 if you have any more questions; they'll likely know more than me.
Smh, kids these days not even learning about the great wars of the Holy Roman Republics and the Scandanavian restoriation.
Belgium is a lie told by the british to keep wallonie from france, flanders from the netherlands, and brussels from being the EU capital. They're also responsible for the independence of the rebellious cisplatine province known as uruguay (for now) , so you can commisserate with brasil.
It's fascinating to see the pattern of german micration on this map. You can tell where the german catholics settled across the midwest by the red squares, although in the southwest and noftheast those catholics are more likely to be irish or italian.
I want to use this in a mutate deck so badly, but by turn three I already need to have a mutatr stack up...
The ISS stemmed from the cold war: a desire for rapproachment between the US and soviets in scientific fields to make us less likely to go to war. The US and china have no such desire.
Nope. Why do you ask?
Barkskin can say "S" trivially, and "N" without too much difficulty, but his lips aren't flexible enough for "M". Sunny can say "N and "M," but I've never heard a dog hiss. Click phonemes are notoriously difficult to say even for humans, and "TH" in rare across languages, though as an accident of history it's present in some of the largest ones.
Interesting. In english it's a synonym of pregnant, and in retrospect I probably use it so often because I know portuguese and in that language the commonly used term is "gravida." But given that its etymology in both languages comes from the latin "gravis" for "heavy," (a feature common with "grave" ) it's a suprise the same word is used in norwegian, a properly germanic tongue, to mean the same thing.
I was under the mistaken impression that TH was a click. Was going to panic-fix my story for accuracy, but luckily I didn't refer to it as that in the narration. I'd figured that Barkskin would be able to approximate M as P, but he'd have some trouble doing it.
Advisors vow to [Bobobo-bo bo-bobo](https://m.media-amazon.com/images/M/MV5BYTE2ZmVjMTEtY2E0MC00MjVlLTk3MGQtYTJmNjY1NzMyMTM5XkEyXkFqcGdeQXVyNjQ4MDM2ODM@._V1_UY1200_CR110,0,630,1200_AL_.jpg)
Whoa, that sounds like an ideogical position. Instead, I propose that we abolish exactly half of the police, and then give the other half licenses to kill, but only if they participate in the elimination of the first half.
SONDERBUND WAR TIME
Loved that book series. Shame about the movie.
&gt;Not necessarily; in such an anarchist society there would only be consensual acts rather than those of coercion. If people don't want to work then that's on them, they can still get basic provisions and necessities needed to survive. That's just implicitly coercing people to work on your behalf. Capitalism with extra steps. &gt;However, in a system like that the work would be split equally between ward members, and would be varied. With automation it is likely that people will hardly need to work at all, so even the most laborious jobs would be looking at ca. 10 hour work weeks. It would also be meaningful and of benefit to the local community, and therefore rewarding. With automation, all things are hypothetetically possible. But speaking as a programmer, I'm not anticipating strong AI anytime soon, and I'm expecting *friendly* strong AI never. I understand the appeal of agrarian communes, and that work that 'matters' is socially and psychologically healthier than, say, serving drinks to assholes. But for the forseeable future, some proportion of people will *have* to work, and some proportion of those people will have to work unpleasant jobs. Market based systems allow people to choose their job based on their skills, preferences, and economic needs. The alternative isn't that these unpleasant jobs won't get done, it's that people will have to be compelled to do them through other means. An ideal market (which I know we don't have) in conditions of high employment, assigns the people who most want to do these jobs to them. In conditions of low employmeny, it t assigns the people most able to do these jobs to them. Both of these scenarios are preferable to assigning people at random to do them, or to forcing (for example) criminals to do them. Obviously our market is not ideal for a variety of reasons, and even if we had a perfect allocation of workers there would be reason to suspect that we could make their lives better at a cost to the economy smaller than the benefit to their happiness. But even the system we have is preferable to the command-economy alternative. Anarchists, meanwhile, can actually do pretty well for themselves, but only so long as they realize that anarchism only really works in small communes filled with the type of people who join anarchist communes in the first place.
Have you even had a proper pb&amp;j before? And I mean one with proper american peanut butter.
Day 8: alien royals hire human strikebreakers. Invasion continues apace.
&gt;"As someone who thinks they know a lot about subjects they haven't studied..." I'm not exactly speaking against the party line here. Plenty of people think more automation is coming, but I haven't seen very many make confident predictions about the emergence of strong AI in the next twenty years."[MIRI] (https://www.google.com/url?sa=t&amp;source=web&amp;rct=j&amp;url=https://intelligence.org/&amp;ved=2ahUKEwjyxu7E__fpAhX6RjABHfFTC9MQFjARegQIChAD&amp;usg=AOvVaw1HiHtxqY40ELJy55Bu45u4) is working on the alignment problem, but hasn't found a solution since 2005. And besides, that's a particularly shit argument to use when I'm willing to bet most of the people on this subreddit aren't political scientists, economists, or behavioral psychologists.
&gt;Merely being a programmer doesn't give you any insight into strong AI unless you're actively studying that field. If a pediatrician told you they didn't think cancer would be cured within the next twenty years, you'd be more inclined to believe them than a random person off the street. Despite the fact that I'm not personally working in AI research, I still have a better understanding of the field and the challenges it faces than a layman.
Not hyperbole. I'd definitely tear down his statue. YOU SHALL NOT CRUCIFY ME ON THIS CROSS OF GOLD!
Just like red states wouldn't go for it, because all their cities would vote blue. Republicans have more to gain from the current system than democrats, because state borders are effectivrly gerrymandered in favor of rural voters.
You've got tyrrany of the majority, tyrrany of the minority, and dictatorship. That's basically it. Even if you segregate two groups into two perfectly representative political units, the more powerful unit bullies the less powerful unit, like california does with emissions regulations.
&gt;What crazy conspiracy theory are you referring to? That Tara Reade is a Russian?! She's not a crazy russian. She's a perfectly rational american who accepted russian money to upgrade her claims about biden to rape. And don't bother blaming news sources I've never even heard of for my position. I didn't want to call trump a predator without giving biden's accuser a the benefit of the doubt, so I did the research myself and found no evidence in favor of her claim, and plenty of evidence in favor of her having financial motivations to slander biden.
&gt;Just because you know that your trick works doesn't make it not a trick. If the pediatrician doesn't pay attention to what people with actual expertise in cancer say, their opinion is worthless, regardless of whether I or anyone else would find it more credible than a random person's. If you assume I'm lying, why even bother talking to me? People don't pull opinions out of their asses. Given that 'we won' t see GAI soon' isn't the kind of opinion that's politically, emotionally, socially, or personally convenient for me to hold, then where did you think I pulled my opinion from? Random news articles? Even then, being a programmer would have given me a better foundation on which to understand their credibility. Given the same links to pop science papers about miracle cures and genetic engineering, the pediatrician would still be likely to draw better conclusions than a layman. People forget than 'appeal to authority' isn't a fallacy because authorities are useless, it's a fallacy because authorities aren't *sufficient* for proof. But given that prognosticating the future isn't exactly a science anyways, it's perfectly reasonable to present the opinions of people who have subject matter knowledge, even if they lack subject matter expertise.
To begin with, Slave states and free states were admitted to the union in pairs to balance each other out in the senate, but slave states, by their nature, were more agrarian and therefore less urban than free states, biasing senate (and therefore, electoral college) representation in favour of rural voters (and therefore, indirectly in favor of ideological conservatives.) The states in the american west that were added post civil war have also typically favor rural voters, since they were settled later and still have smaller population densities.
&gt;So you’re saying they were gerrymandered 150 years ago? What effect does that have today? The gerrymander was in favor of rural voters, who have consistently voted in a block opposed to urban voters since the beginning of the republic. &gt;You seem to be saying that the gerrymander is the state borders themselves. Basically yes.
The natural result of marxism-leninism is autocratic oligarchic dictatorship. That doesn't make the end result communism. By the same token, A command economy, even if it originated from a capitalist firm accumulating power, isn't a capitalist economy.
&gt;How was it dumb? Maybe they could’ve expelled them from the country, which would’ve been more humane, but for practical effects would’ve been the same. The optics if expelling vs executing slaveowners is very different. If they had rounded them up, they could have used their lives as leverage to make sure the rest of the world kept trading with them, and possibly to avoid the indemnity placed on them. Killing the slavers would have been more satisfying at the time, and their descendants wouldn't have thanked them for taking the pragmatic, but unglamorous path, but it would put haiti in a much better position. They potentially could have been as devrloped as the dominican republic.
&gt;If you read the theory, autocracy is the exact opposite of the goal of marxism. Marxism is ideologically opposed to autocracy. But marxism-leninism, or any other variant of the command economy, invariably leads to autocracy anyways. Both the revolutionary and democratic variants concentrate too much power in the hands of too few. It's not something unique to communism, that's just what happens whenever power is too centralized. Capitalism is also ideologically opposed to autocracy, because the whole justification for capitalism is that a free market, through the voluntary decisions of market actors, can allocate resources for the greatest net good. But it turns out that when a single unified group can capture too many of the resources, they can dominate the remainder of the market in ways that are better for themselves but worse than everyone else. It's the same process at work in both economic systems: people respond to incentives, and the biggest incentive is power, because it compounds on itself. &gt;If it doesnt fulfill the definition of something, it isnt that thing, right? Anarchocapitalism would inevitably lead to feudalidm. That doesn't mean anarchocapitalism is the same thing as feudalism, but you can't ignore the eventuality.
&gt;Modern houses/building are just generic, non-creative and just bland. So were old houses. Especially due to more expensive construction materials. The reason they seem interesting now is because the less interesting examples get knocked down, while the remainder become novelties amongst newer construction. The neighborhood I grew up in is typically houses from the 1920s-30s, and evidently our neighbors complained inecessantly to the HOA about one of the houses that got knocked dowb and replaced by a modern one. But forty years from now, it'll just be another part of the neighborhood's fabric, like the random art deco and midcentury houses scattered around that add variety. Homogenity is boring, but it's a problem that eventually solves itself.
I never said houses from the twenties were old, just that modern houses don't fit into the same aesthetic. Or at least, that's what the neighbors claimed; I disagreed.
My apologies for the terrible handwriting. This was the first time I’ve used cursive for anything other than my signature for years. It was *miserable*. I tried to differentiate James’ and Samantha’s styles from my own and from each others’, but calligraphy is very much not one of my many skills. I really wanted to give you guys another challenge, but I've been awake for almost twenty four hours straight and really need to get some sleep. As an ad-hoc challenge, do your best to figure out the rules behind the logographs. Enjoy!
&gt;Is this something you have studied? Nah, I'm just a turbo nerd. &gt;(In the sentence "Dancer made its pulling motion and pointed at identical chairs set up on Dancer and Sunny’s side of the table." did you mean to say "Barkskin and Sunny’s side of the table"?) Good catch, thanks.
Thanks for telling me!
Personally, I blame my little pony first contact hard fantasy for my linguistics kink. I got hooked and couldn't stop.
Yes, but different states will always have different rates of urbanization based on whether they're coastal, on large waterways, mountainous, have fertile farmland, are near any centers of trade, have minerals to fuel industrialization, etcetera. Obviously not all those things were taken into account when state borders were drawn, but the louisiana purchase happened specifically to fulfil Jefferson's dream of a large, agrarian nation and provide the space for farmland, and our westward expansion in general consisted of agrarian settlers rather than urbanites.
fixing this now. Thanks.
Yep. The US was preserving the stability the energy market and its geopolitical position in the region, not just prospecting for black gold. As long as people don't understand why the US fights the wars it does, preferring to assign imperialism and simple greed as its motives, the US will continue to fight foreign wars while thinking "this time, it'll be different."
It was imperialist, but imperialism itself wasn't the motive. America isn't an imperial state: it doesn't take pride from conquest of territory and subjugation of foreigners. It still does those things, of course, but as means to ideological or pragmatic ends, rather than simply the desire for the extraction of resources. Compare nationbuilding in afghanistan to the white man's burden in africa. There are definite similarities, but the US didn't drop billions into roads because it expected to profit financially, like colonial powers did off colonial resources. The US's motivation is leverage over states in strategically critical areas, to turn them into tools for preserving stability. Stability meaning, naturally, that the US-created and US-advantageous world order persists for as long as possible, enriching the US in the process.
Both, simultaneously. He's just out here to fuck shit up and maybe perform a a spot of guillotining.
I'm actually playing green-white I just fucked up. Though symbiote is blue which is fairly good "ramp" all on its own.
My bad, meant JFK. Got the three letter presidents mixed up.
The variety of mischevious, invisible fairies that rate us by our level of virtua, of course. People virtue signal so the brownies pick up on it and don't fuck with them.
&gt;it's not owning the means by which you produce wealth. From the perspective of an individual, communal ownership of a resource is identical to them not owning that resource. If a hammer is communally owned, a laborer can't pick it up and move to another community with it, just like if the hammer was owned by a feudal lord or a capitalist robber baron.
&gt;On a technicality I get your point. That being said in socialism you are in theory working for the benefit of the community as a whole though, not a small group of elites. It's more like a pyramid with the top sliced off. Sometimes people with specific expertise will tell you what to do, but it's in service to the whole, not a few individuals. To some extent or another, that's how every economic and political system justifies itself, though. Except maybe egoism, anyways. For example, with feudalism, the point was that the peasantry would work the fields to generate goods, of which they'd keep some, and then give enough to the lord so that the lord could provide for the common good via, for example, defense of the realm against bandits, the building of roads, providing for the sick and needy, funding common goods like the local church, etcetera. The feudal lord was just the person with specific expertise in those things, so to speak. I'm sympathetic to anarcho-communism, since on a sufficiently local scale the pyramid is blunt enough that it's effectively flat, especially since you can actually trust people to do the best for the community out of sheer empathy (since humans can empathize with only a few hundred actual people total.) But for any system of economics and governance capable of organizing the labours of, say, ten thousand people or more, there will always be some sort of semi-parasitic, semi-mutualistic upper class due to the fact that power is one of the few things that are both self aggregating and always beneficial to have more of.
&gt;Well, the idea is that communal ownership gives laborers the ability to decide their own future. A serf could decide to leave their land at any point and join a mercenary company. In theory, anyways. But in practice, social obligations and family ties kept them in place. In a capitalist society, you in theory have the freedom to choose a firm to work for that best suits your priorities, including the freedom to choose to work for a worker-owned cooperative. But in practice, people get attached to their coworkers, start families, go through a bad job market, fail to develop marketable skills, etcetera and have their choices restricted. In an anarchist society, you would in theory be free to do whatever you want, but in practice be limited by practical concerns around social status, what the community needs, the fact that many jobs are still done most efficiently with a small number of coordinators and a large number of laborers, and a number of other concerns. (Naturally, in a command economy, you do what the state tells you. Whether a palace economy, marxism-leninism-stalinism, corporatocracy, or feudal autocracy.) The security for freedom tradeoff is endemic to any political, social, or economic system. It's very likely that you personally would benefit from some variety of socialist system, and quite possible that the imposition of a socialist system nationwide would improve the lot in life of many, if not necessarily most, americans. But ignoring that socialism contends with the same tradeoffs as every other system is how socialist movements keep morphing into totalitarian dictatorships, and in turn why so many americans are wary of them. As this subreddit implies, we live in a boring dystopia. That's an argument in favor of improving our lot in life, not an argument in favor of becoming and interesting dystopia.
And now you understand why nothing gets done. You're glossing over the downsides of teachers' unioms in favor of its upsides. In an ideal world, we could tackle both the downsides of the unions and the downsides of overbearing to reach a truly equitable solution. But someone in favor of teachers unions will never submit to constraints on them, instead blaming the administration. Meanwhile, the administration is doing the exact same thing in reverse. So we stay deadlocked without true improvement. Everyone is in favour of better education in theory, but when their interests are at risk, they can't compromise, because they know the other side won't do the same. It's a prisoners' dilemna. And in particular, as someone pushing for change on both sides of the isle, everyone is my enemy.
From the same studio that brought you swamp germans: SAND GERMANS
Don't bother feeling sorry. Americans will happily butcher the names of their own towns and then tell you you're the one doing it wrong.
Project Cybersyn had extremely limited scope. It affected on city over a short period of time during near-wartime conditions (when even democracies would typically introduce command economies.) That's not to say an idealized AI couldn't in theory allocate resources personally, but then that just devolves the power into the hands of the programmers, mathematicians, and economists responsible for its creation. And due to the nature of those jobs, they'll never be filled by people ranking anywhere lower than "petite bourgeoise" so if you don't rich people to run a semi-voluntarist capitalist economy, you shouldn't trust them with even more power.
It's not really in keeping with the spirit of the prompt to give a multipart power, unless that power is "Doing 'X' with the required secondary powers not to kill yourself while doing 'X'. (For example, superspeed without reflexes.) As a workaround, I suggest picking a CYOA, and have the power be, "apply the results of this CYOA to myself as I would choose to fill out that CYOA." That way they can even choose to opt into the power system, or delay filling it out. Though the difficulty is picking out a well-balanced CYOA.
&gt;In retrospect, genocide was a good first try, but not the ideal policy going forward. Is /r/paradoxplaza leaking?
Participatory economics just shifts the lower class to be whoever designed the AI. If you don't believe me, just look at the fed. As much as I love countercyclical monetary policy, it's easy to see how command over the economy can be used in favor of specific interest groups. And while the imagined scope of Cybersyn was large, that has little to nothing to do with whether it would actually work.
Technology and financials are what determine whether a country can become a nuclear power, so that was an oversight on your part.
Try [Celestia Sleeps In.] (https://www.fimfiction.net/story/76290/celestia-sleeps-in)
Translations tend to expand in size, but yes that is pretty impressive.
I'm actually sympathetic to mpreg, not that I would ever read it. A young girl, going through puberty, tries to process the changes in her body through writing fiction. In particular, girls have to be the ones to go through pregnancy, which is an intense squick-fest in real life. So mpreg gives them an outlet to process pregnancy, but a 'male' character is going through it, putting some distance between the author and their work. Plus, they get to have guys kiss, and no self-respecting yuri fan could ever begrudge the fujoshi their counterpart.
Fanfiction.net is bad enough; no need to inform people about those absolute dumpster fire communities.
Worm has a much higher rate of good fanfiction than usual on account of its older fanbase, so I'd cut him some slack.
So you want to carve out african-american ethnostate? I'm sure the white supremacists will be thrilled to hear you validate them.
&gt;Interesting. I didn't think I'd say this, but I guess I support white supremacists' idea for them to leave the states and cities where people of color live. Or at least cede the governance of those places to black people. They don't want "white seperatists" to segregate themselves. They want white people segregated from black people (segregated from asians, hispanics, polynesians, etcetera.) And calling for division on the basis of race merely plays into their hands. Obviously they're too small a part of the population to actually affect their will, but doing so emboldens them to commit more violence.
&gt;I did not say Ireland's independence is British reparations. I merely implied that if you're Irish, you have a state that can advocate for you. A state that is meant to represent the Irish. Black Americans have no such thing. It's also bizarre to suggest that because the Irish were screwed by the British then Black Americans can't get reparations from the U.S. Government. The irish, despite having their own state, still haven't gotten reparations from the british government. So I very much doubt african americans will ever recieve reparations (named as such) from the US government given that, as you say, they don't even have a state to advocate for them. &gt;You seem to gloss over that entirely, implying that "sure, yeah, let's not do anything for black americans until the British atone for their past crimes". False dichotomy. There's a difference between saying "reparations are never going to happen, and advocating for seperatism just plays into the hands of white nationalists" and saying the words I think you're trying to put into my mouth, them being, "black people don't deserve anything." Black people need the forces perpetuate systemic inequality gone. Suggesting reparations or separatism happens to be counterproductive to achieving that.
No, that was one of the *good* things he did. The gold standard was responsible for several recessions and the famous 'cross of gold' speech.
Thanks go out to /u/Skeletickles, for reminding me that I'd written this all down but never done anything with it. This CYOA is complete; with how dense the text is, it would fit really poorly in a traditional image format. If it isn't obvious, the rules are "pick one." If you feel like asking me questions about the lore, keep in mind that I wrote this 9 months ago before forgetting about it. I'll still answer your questions, of course, but I'll be making it all up on the spot.
A rogue Mercurian settler colony that became the premier power of the inner system before the first veilar age destroyed their spacefaring capabilities and trapped them on their rapidly deteriorating planet.
I really don't like PDFs for CYOAs. They have all the fixed-formatting downsides of image posts, without the advantage of being a chiefly visual medium. Posting a PDF also makes it harder to search for an old thread with the search bar, and they tend to load slowly on mobile apps.
Check my submissions for a short series I'm doing on /r/hfy
The treaty of Camelot ended the first secret war, and is the only known case in which 'Courtesy' was ever modified, so it affects how Fey and Weres interact with each other. Illithid ruins are exactly what they sound like: the remnants of the precursors to the great crypto-empires. Unfortunately, I can't tell you what's inside of them, due to the risk of being Excluded from them if I do.
&gt;This means that no body can ever extend pass the length of its normal lifespan and also means that a doppleganger can only achieve an extended life by making another doppelganger have a shorter one. Precisely. No dopelgangers from the original cabal remain, as in the early days it was too tempting for a doppleganger to kill their fellows so as to have access to more bodies at any given time. This is believed to be part of the cost to the original ritual. But as the overall number of bodies in the common library rose due to doppelgangers picking off their rivals and inducting their proteges, there was more 'slack' in the library, allowing easier transfer of bodies.
Precisely. Doppelgangers check out a copy of the original form from the library, and then can make changes to their own copy. But regardless of how many doppelgangers have made copies of a single form, only one can use their copy at a time.
I've read a few of those, but I wouldn't say no to finding more.
Maned Wolves, or very rarely Falklands Wolves. "Lobisomem" means "wolfman" in portuguese.
No. Appearance in shifter form is deterministic based off appearance in human form. People look like the animal version of themselves. The few lobisomem that can transform into falklands wolves tend to have flat faces and be shorter than average, although due to the rarity of the transformation these qualities are merely prerequisites, and not sufficient in and of themselves.
No human bestials exist. Or rather, the equivalent to a human bestial would be the fey. It's unlikely that the bestial translation process would work the same way, and more unlikely that a fey would even be willing to let you live after trying to possess them.
If he actually has dementia, the white house will be run by the VP, who's guaranteed to be more progressive than he is. And if he doesn't, having a sane adult in charge will be nice. It's a win-win.
&gt;Gene therapy would not be the same as editing the germline But it should be. If genetic modification stays strictly a 'subscription' service, where each new generation needs to gave treatments applied, it can be hung over the heads of ordinary people by the elite.
I consider myself a centrist. I don't care which france I support, so long as they'll still let me grill in french-occupied alsace-lorraine
I'll fight with whoever fights the germans. All I need is some barbecue skewers to point at their trench lines.
I appreciate that you're deescalating. When someone performs arbitrage of any sort, they're providing a specific service: their customer pays them in money, and recieves back time. HFT is not an abuse of the stock market, but the stock market working as intended: you have people willing to buy stock at a certain price, and people willing to sell it. These people would prefer that their transactions happen sooner rather than later, and feel that the prices they set or pay are fair. HFT decreases the time between agents getting what they want, and then the HFT agent takes a small cut of the trade. Nobody got cheated out of anything; everyone got what they wanted. As for the money getting taken out of the stock market, yes, it disproportionately goes into the accounts of people who already hold a disproportionate share of wealth. But wealth is not simply extracted-- time itself is a valuable resource, and market liquidity provides economic efficiency that in turn creates more wealth. So the fundamental tradeoff of HFT is that it increases total wealth at the cost of promoting income inequality. But that's the fundamental tradeoff of capitalism in general. HFT should be harnessed, not banned, although I admit I'm not informed enough to propose any specific legislation to do so. Perhaps an escalating tax based on the frequency of market transactions compared to the wealth being moved could capture some of the value from HFT for government programs while still keeping the benefits? Regardless, trying to out-legislate technological advancements is doomed to failure.
&gt;that sultan game "Choose release or imprison" And they don't even provide the obliette, blinding, castration, sacrificing prisoners to your fell gods, or ransoming as options? Pathetic. *sneers in CK2. *
less "stripped away the vegentation" and more "fucked up the soil." Irrigation of the fertile crescent contributed to the salinity of the soil, plus climate change. There's no good way to reverse that, unfortunately-- we can fix individual patches if we want to invest tons of money, but it would be cost prohibitive to regreen the entire area.
It's harder to assimilate with mods, because they give africa a better pop distribution. In vanilla, africa is full of "african minor" pops who assimilate quickly, let you state colonies, and then give you a large population of frenchmen to assimilate europe with.
who are the players?
&gt;You don't seem to know what the word "without" means. Also everyone knows they were about to surrender anyway and we nuked them just for fun. You can take your American exceptionalism non-sense and stick it far up your stupid ass. No. The japanese were entirely prepared to take things to the knife. They wouldn't have sent suicide pilots and armed schoolchildren otherwise. They wouldn't have fought forever, but their goal was to make a land invasion so costly that, eventually, the allies would agree to a peace that left them with some of their colonial territory. The united states dropped nukes to avoid having to perform a land invasion, and it still took two of them to force surrender. This isn't about American exceptionalism, it's about japanese intransigence.
SUCCS AT THE EXACT MIDPOINT BETWEEN OUT AND IN
&gt;There is no ethical consumption under Capitalism. There will always be sweatshops to be pointed out. There are different degrees of evil. If you believe sweatshops are bad, you can still buy the items from the brands with the best price/sweatshop ratio. To do anything other than your best, without acknowledging the personal failure, is hypocrisy.
Excluding the companies that use *actual* slave labour (that is, chattel slavery) people work in sweatshops because they believe sweatshop jobs are better than the alternative. Eliminating sweatshops just forces people into even worse conditions. In an ideal world, people would be more willing to help out the disadvantaged, but humans are tribal. Even the most bleeding-heart socialist will have a hard time accepting the fact that money spent on virtually any social program would have better utilitarian returns if it was directed towards direct cash transfers towards substinence farmers. And obviously the attitude of conservatives towards foreigners needs no explanation. So I'd rather we help the third world the only way that's collectively feasible-- through trade and employment-- rather than sink into pointless virtue signaling.
Sounds like you're still salty over the loss of alsace-lorraine. Krauts Mad 24x
&gt;There is no feasible way to 'ethics check' everything that you buy. On top of global supply chains being massive and always including varying degrees of unethical practices, much of it goes unreported. I buy, like, two pairs of shoes a year. If I cared about labour standards, I could easily check. Same goes for any other article of clothing-- I couldn't check every single individual item, but I could easily avoid the worst brands at minimal impact to my pocket bock. All you're doing is making an argument in favor of laziness. &gt;Now personally, I'll accept that consumption is generally unethical. I'm indirectly supporting sweatshops, climate change, slavery and even cartels. However, I exist in a world where I either need to consume or die. The choice is a false one, so I'd not consider it a personal failure on anyone's part if they consume. That's a false dichotomy. There is plenty of middle ground between naked consumerism and death. I don't expect people to be perfect, because I most certainly am not. But to say you support X and then not actually act in favor of X is hypocrisy. I'm in favor of reducing overall suffering. To that end, I've tried to cut down on my beef intake in favor of soy protein, imitation burgers, and chicken. My gluttony, laziness, and incompetence keep me from becoming a pescatarian (I don't consider fish to suffer in a way I find meaningful, so I don't feel bad about not becoming a vegan), but at least I'm not saying I'm against suffering and then taking no action to reduce it. &gt;As for doing my best... I mean, again, we get to protests. My best will still involve consumption of the things produced from systems I am inherently against because, again, we have no choice. You can buy less of those things, or invest the research time necessary to buy things that require less suffering. You have no choice but to wear shoes, but they don't need to be shoes from the most ruthless corporations around.
Imagine a world with a franco-german european order, built on mutual respect and trade. then realize we're living in that world, but the british are trying to break it. Really makes you suspicious of those perfidious islanders and what, exactly, they were up to during the franco-prussian war...
Essentially none. How much of an impact to you think an individual has protesting, or voting?
I guess zero is a hundred times zero. The only way to make these actions mean anything is through collective action. Thus, hypocrisy is the worst sin because it not only fails to advance your goals, but it signals to others that your goals are not worth fulfilling, because even you don't act in favor of them. I don't vote in elections because I expect a single vote to matter, I vote because, by being seen voting, I can increase the peer pressure on others to vote. I don't make arguments on the internet because I expect to convince any significant number of people, but because seeing someone argue for the same viewpoints will make my ideological allies more secure in their beliefs, and hopefully convince them to themselves argue in favor of the same points.
&gt;Wait, so is the expectation here that someone is going to see a group of protestors and immediately go 'oh well they are wearing Adidas, obviously they don't really mean it' ? I'm exaggerating, but yes, that is literally what people do. I'll quote from earlier in the thread: &gt;People out on the streets protesting for social justice decked out in Nike and Adidas gear. The irony is grimly hilarious. What's embarrassingly worse is the outright denial. Behavior like this reduces enthusiasm for a movement. Imagine if socialists actually did their level best to live like ascetics when a given good wasn't available through communal production, refusing to engage with capitalism any more than necessary to survive. That would be significantly more effective at affecting change and recruiting new adherents.
The people you meet are the people already willing to get up off their asses and join protests or rallies for your cause. They are not the doubters or the naysayers you need to convince. The phrase 'preaching to the choir' exists for a reason. And because you seem to be misunderstanding my point, I never said you can't be anticonsumerist without consuming. But if the only difference between you and any other consumer is how you feel about buying the exact same problems, don't be suprised to go the way of the hippies.
Going to recommend [My Father Became a Cute VTuber Girl](https://mangadex.org/title/48577/my-father-became-a-cute-vtuber-girl) not rational whatsoever, it's just hilarious.
