Only if he actually acknowledges what he did was wrong and makes a serious genuine effort to redeem himself. I'll give someone a second chance, but only if they use it correctly. He needs to chill for a while and let this cool off.
They need to just win games and let the playoff picture work itself out.
I remember having a young offensive minded head coach who was going to revolutionize the league. 5 years after we hired him we won a Superbowl....just sayin.
OMG that ring hat!
Careful, your sounding a bit too reasonable for this thread lol.
Eagles Defense makes a big play...should we talk about it? NAH.
Fuck that monologue in the middle of a play man. I don't care if they want to talk about it, but not while their are important things going on.
I mean, I liked it but I geek out over those kind of things.
So was he just making the round to all the sections in the upper level last night?
Problem is you would want him at a skill position and those are *really* hard to transition too. He'd have to learn to catch, pass block, take a hit and completely retrain his vision of the field. Rugby is a different beast because their is no blocking, so a lot of the running skills just don't translate. Unless he has some sort of college experience it's going to be a hard sell to make him any sort of skill position.
I love that it felt his touches were much more natural and they weren't trying to force it too him. He's finally starting to click..I expect to see good things from him.
History will put him in the proper context, and their is plenty to talk about. I'm just not a fan of people dancing on his grave before he's even in the ground.
I look forward to reading that.
I mean, Google Portal and Alexa is a thing people put in the kitchen. I can totaly see these kinds of intergrations becoming more popular.
Proud of you guys, hopefully y'all have enough support to see this through.
Thanks for the snippet. I really wish you guys would drop the paywall for the stuff your official account posts.
That's the thing about Beto, he has a bipartisan record and his policies reflect that. He made liberal policies a central part of his campaign, but talked about them in terms that left him room to negotiate on. Obama didn't get elected by giving specific healthcare promises, he got elected by providing a vision for what he wanted and took us a few steps in that direction. That's the same style Beto has.
I can't tell if I like his beard or not. Usually they accent your jaw, but this one seems to accent his cheek and nose. It just doesn't look natural.
One of those players has a Superbowl ring....just sayin.
Averaging 20 yards a carry? I think that's good...that's good right?
I think their is decent odds he comes back. He doesn't have the eye popping numbers to earn a mega-contract. I think the Eagles do have a desire to keep him and will make him an offer. If he does leave out pass rush is going to become scary thin so I think their is motivation from the team. It's just going to come down too does someone else make him that much better of an offer.
I feel like their is some context missing in those statements. Like, their is a difference between trying to do something against some obscure regulation, and trying to do something blatantly criminal. The details of what is requested matter.
No Jersey walls? No 18 wheeler? Have you even been to Texas?
I have significantly less issue with memorials where the individual has some impact or connection to the community that isn't part thier civil war service. But stautes like Robert E. Lee have no relevance for Texas and don't deserve honor on our soil.
I'm supprised he took a stand after all the support he gave to Alex Jones. I guess now that need no longer needs the extremist vote he feels empowered to call out extremists. The more people who condem this shit the better, but I'm not giving Ted special credit for doing what polls well. The people who deserve credit are the locals on the ground who have skin in the game, not someone parachuteing in to attach his name to a headline.
He was successful because he was authentic. He authentically believed in gun control. Backtracking would just make him sound like a typical politican. And let's be real, anyone voting on gun control isn't going to vote for him anyways, and under no circumstances will the NRA not attack a Democrat if given the chance.
Some of those people are going to be pissed...they use layaway similar to a savings account.
In my mind this game is tied.
For as shit as we looked to only be down 6 shows you how bad Dallas is.
That first down was in his hand... couldn't bring it down.
I can't get behind any overreaction on the Defense given how long they have had to be out their.
Jones is still hurt....he's running funny.
Defense needs another stop.
Any defensive tackle we can trade up for?
I'll just leave this here: https://www.google.com/amp/s/www.cbssports.com/nfl/news/is-this-the-nfl-ref-czar-on-cowboys-party-bus-irate-nfl-execs-say-yes/amp/
Our team plays better when it has swagger. I'm not hating on someone trying to recapture that.
That's what I meant. As long as he's putting up competitive teams he's golden. But even Payton was almost run out of NOLA after a few down seasons until he turned it around.
Context matters and it depends on the nature of the criticism and the social context you are in. For example, you'll here people say that Islam is a violent religion and anyone who practices it is looking to implement Sharia law, and when you point out how inappropriate that criticism is they will counter with "It's not racist if it's true". You aren't being prevented from criticizing another religion, you're just facing the social consequences of publicly criticizing someone else. &amp;#x200B; Why do you think that your beliefs should be shielded from criticism while you criticize someone else for their beliefs?
What you are advocating for is is called eugenics. &amp;#x200B; Killing the poor people doesn't get rid of poor people...it just makes a different class of poor. Economic success is not an indicator to your worth to society. Human rights apply to everyone...or do you think that poor people aren't human?
I hate to boil the entire game down to that one play because we should have gone out their and kicked their ass anyways. But it was still a very egregious game changing error on the part of the Refs.
Of all the things that has me concerned about the team this is pretty far down the list. At least \*someone\* on the team tried to be aggressive and shake things up to get a win. A 3rd round pick isn't the end of the world.
Y'all act like the review would get it right...like who recovered a fumble.
You're both wrong. The plaintiff is arguing this violates the 8th amendment excessive fines clause: https://www.forbes.com/sites/nicksibilla/2018/06/19/supreme-court-will-decide-if-civil-forfeiture-is-unconstitutional-violates-the-eighth-amendment/amp/
I had a beautiful one that died in a freeze last year. I miss it, I should get a new one.
Come back baby. He did wonders with Carson's mechanics and preparation.
Doug has a good feel of the game when calling plays...he just needs some help filling out the playbook.
&gt; Any idea or thought that doesn't fall in line with the popular opinion is rejected and *buried for anyone to see or view*. I don't think this is a true and if anything it's the opposite. Downvoted comments, especially controversial ones, usually have a whole lot more comment replies in a lot more activity and discussion on the thoughts presented. In fact many people sort by controversial or explicitly look at the lower voting comments just to argue, and or agree the unpopular opinion. Reddit has different sort algorithm specifically for people to find those comments because of how popular the activity on them are.
No runoff? That's supprising.
Don't forget that Foles has the option to decline the contract next season. If his value suddenly shoots way up he has the option to eject as well.
Is your position that any regulation on business and commerce is a violation of personal freedom?
So your position is regulations you don't like are the ones that violate your personal freedom? Not dumping toxic substances in the water can be just as harmful to the public as denying critical services based on unalliable traits. Sorry, but we don't live in a society where you get to pick and choose what laws apply. That's anarchy.
I mean...staff can't really help a broken bone. However the Sproles and Jernnerigan situation deserves some questions.
Northern Virginia.
&gt; If you don't have the right to someone elses labour you don't have a right to a service which is created by someone elses labour. And I don't. I have a right to get service at a restaurant, I don't have a right to a specific waiter at a restaurant. The waiter as an individual has the right to deny service, but the restaurant as a seperate legal entity does not. Let's go with a pure hypothetical and take the example of a privately owned water utility who owns the rights to every major source of fresh water in the country. The owner of that monopoly has the freedom to effectively kill anyone they want by simply denying them the rights to his labor. It's an extreme example, but it shows how one persons freedom to deny services should not be absolute.
Why does the hospital administrators reason to discriminate matter when the individual who's being impacted is dieing? You're trying to establish that they are free to make that choice to deny care based on any arbitrary reason, and it's acceptable because they will suffer economic penalties due to market forces. Well what if you read market forces wrong and they *don't* suffer economic penalty or even worse actually get an economic *gain* from allowing someone to die. Now you have a corporation with a profit incentive to harm other people's freedom to live.
So you are in favor of allowing hospitals to refuse emergency medical service for any arbitrary reason. I don't know where to go from here if you are going to maintain an absoluteits attitude. When we are at a point where one rich and powerful person can dictate the livelihood and freedom of others because it's their right then that's just a step away from monarchy. I understand if you are talking about some idealized society, but that is incompatible with how capitalism actually works, or are you suggesting we change our economic system as well?
That's hilarious, but probably unnecessary. What's the temperature their? Queen palms don't mind a little bit of cold.
I read through it and their is some good and some bad, but this stuck out like a sore thumb to me: &gt; And it would also require a supermajority of voters to approve additional debt. So basically cities will no longer be able to pass bonds. that only effects things flood control infrastructure, bridges or building new schools. Where is this idea coming from that all democracy has to be a supermajority?
Third. My first scoutmaster was a retired Korean war Marine gunny and it was one of the best experiences of my life. My second was a southern Baptist deacon who tried to lecture us on creationism.
So you don't believe in laws? **All** laws are coerceion to some extent...you are coerced to follow the law by threat of punishment. Absence of reprocussion in the law is the equivalent of absence of laws. That's anarchy, and if that's what you believe I guess that's fine.
I love how all his favorite foods are circles.
That cut was perfect.
Title should read "Activest judge creats controversial headline to suppress ACA open enrollment."
Allura didn't die, she ascended. They were going for a Messiah arch and I think they hit it.
If you think about it in a pure sci-fi context sure it doesn't make since. But Voltron just had sci-fi as the background, it's really a spiritual storyline with a Messiah arch. The Messiah has divine power and always defeats evil. It's like Star Wars in that regard, your telling a spiritual story with a sci-fi background. The spiritual part is what makes the show compelling.
That scene makes a whole lot more since now.
If we're talking about the movie "Liar Liar" situation... probably not. I couldn't do truth outbursts just because. However, if I can just be normal and change the conversation or not answer then sure.
Being on the boarder brings a different perspective.
Offensive holding...blaintent.
He just bounced off three guys, talking sucks.
OMG, not Cox.
Sproles is back baby!
Run up the middle is producing positive yardage overall...need to test that edge next set of downs.
I hope all you haters realize that those runs up the middle set that up. Rams we're stacking the box that play.
And then they got scared of the pass...run up the middle. Great play calling Doug(and Foles recognition to get them in that look)
What Cox did to that center just wasn't right.
I like where we are at. Tied at the half is pretty damn good.
I'm feeling a TD drive after the half....let's do this.
2 plays bitches....2 plays.
Carson is still our starting QB, bit I want Foles on this team the rest of his career.
We beat the Rams last time because they stopped going to Gurley....if he's out we might actually win this.
It seems like our CB's are playing reckless to make up for technique.
Defense has been stepping up the last 3 weeks.... offense finally starting to help them out.
WHAT IS GOING ON?!?!?!
It should be reversed, but the way the Refs have been fucking us we're about to lose a timeout.
And that's Foles...
Let's get a good 5 min drive and a FG...that's all we need here.
Okay boys, let's not piss this away.
They will probably get the score, but a couple extra seconds off the clock will be good.
They are getting too cute with those quick snaps.
Kick it.
Most of us know who Foles is, and Wentz is objectively better.
Y'all can pay us back by taking out the Panthers.
We need the Vikings to lose again, but I'm not ruling out the Cowboys choking. If they lose to TB somehow I can totally see NY being motivated to piss all over the Cowboys.
You even if he chooses not to run for president I hope he chooses to run for *something* in Texas. Need to keep building that turnout in the state.
Depends...was Bortles his decision?
Every shot they had of him on the sidelines he looked like he was having fun and in just as much disbelief as the rest of us.
TBF, Peter's paved a *huge* lane for him.
IMO, Wentz wasn't really stepping into his throws all that well and didn't trust his down field arm.
The whole part about being fired is kind of a big deal and can ruin people's lives. We shouldn't have to rely on judges to fix blaitantly unconstitutional shit like this when we have a state leglature who should know better.
I almost hate to ask but...what's asmr?
Lol, okay dude. We got a real special forces soldier over here. Go back to LA and stopped LARPing like your a Texan.
That Bears defense scares the shit out of me. The only reason they aren't the first place this season is their QB was injured for a few games. Rams and Saints can be had, but don't overlook them either.
Why do you assume that the technology for astroid mining will be a monopoly? While the organization the develops the technology will definitely have a head start, other nations and organizations will eventually either aquire or develop their own. Competition would ensure that no single source would remain for long.
I'm guest they kept him on the roster for medical benefits? It's a nice bone to throw at a guy who's done well for us for a while, but it did take a roster spot that I would like to have back.
IANAL, but I was stationed in Japan for several years and had to deal with an accident claim involving myself. This is not DYI territory, you need to get yourself a local lawyer ASAP.
2nd place, still in the money.
Then maybe the law should redefine what a machine gun is by rounds per minute rather than trigger action.
Let me guess...she speaks in toungs at church.
Because it's a bacteria. Your still going to have necrotic tissue and the bacteria produces toxins that will kill you. Changing the scope of the cells doesn't change the fact that you still have a bacterial infection that is eating you from the inside.
I hope he runs for *something*. I'm not so sure his coalition turns out for other Democrats if he's not on the ticket somewhere.
Personally I wouldn't include probability, but betting sites are better indicators IMO.
I mean, it's a lot easier to hit on your picks when you are at the top of the draft every year....
If we go to war it's going to be either in Yemen and/or Iran...not Syria.
He does work for politicians in the state. Plus it's not like we're exactly drowning in content that we need to be overly selective.
I should probably be more specific since provocateurs like Stone like to piss on everything instead of work directly for campaigns. But he's been active in Texas Politics, is a regular feature on Infowars and even tried to put up a primary challenge to Ted Cruz: https://thehill.com/blogs/ballot-box/senate-races/288719-roger-stone-alex-jones-plot-primary-challenge-to-cruz As far as quality over quantity, sure I guess your right. But you'll excuse me for thinking that your definition of quality is based on if you like the subject matter or not.
I feel like I'm missing some serious context here. "Found a few hairs in the bathtub" = grossed out and filthy room that you refuse to stay in? &amp;#x200B; Stained sheets, bed bugs, dirty carpet...things like that sure I can understand. But a few stray hairs in a bathtub is a "complain to the management" situation? In their second room they claim to find hairs in the toilet bowl...so flush the toilet? Something tells me someone is looking for a free stay.
Best single game performance this season for sure. I need to see some consistency over several games to really crown him our best CB. I'd say Darby is the best performer overall, but Maddox is definitely on the right path.
Snow Banks? Those things are dirty piles of crap even in the cleanest cities. Snow is not pretty.
The state is way to big and diverse to be classified as anything other than 'Texan'.
This post reminds me...I've been meaning to fill out a glass door review for my previous employer.
If you're looking to put Beto in a nice tidy box you're barking up the wrong candidate. Things like *nuance* actually matter. And for the record, I'm progressive, I'm from Texas, and I support O&amp;G as *part* of our energy solution.
glassdoor.com. It's a review site for employees to review their company and what it's like to work their.
I think it's hilarious...Breitbart can't figure out how it's feeling right now. "WTF We hate Mattis now?"
Why do I have this sinking feeling he's going to try to fire Muller on Christmas Eve?
Sessions is no longer the AG and Trump now has an appointee not named Rosenstein in charge of the investigation. Situation at the DoJ has changed.
We have a fuck ton of prickly pear, but nothing like that.
Just call it what it is, an opportunity to change the narrative for conservative media so they can ignore Mattis resignation for a little while longer.
I don't disagree that the wording of the policy is vauge and should be more specific. However, I have a hard time believing the authenticity of the outrage on an article under the heading of 'PC Culture', uses silly examples and doesn't acknowledge the prevelance of hate speech that these policies are targeting or the harmful impact it has for a *learning* environment.
The author was an activist for Bernie Sanders so that should tell you where this came from.
Well at least they won the war on Christmas. I barely heard a peep out of that this year.
It's not just right wing, they switch sides as necessary whenever their is an opportunity to sow division. I've definitely seen an uptick of left-wing Trumpkins.
Let's just say, the troll farm switched sides.
100% Foles &gt; 80% Carson Carson needs a hard reset and go into the spring healthy for a full off-season program.
All that does is practice playing in sloppy conditions, not installing gameplan or practiceing plays. You need the option.
We just had a major ecoli outbreak pulling Romain lettuce off the shelves. I think FDA inspectors are kind of important personally. Plus their is that whole fiscal responsibility thing: https://www.politifact.com/truth-o-meter/statements/2014/aug/07/rand-paul/rand-paul-rightly-says-government-shutdown-was-mor/
Congress should not have it's own health system, Congress should not have it's own pay structure, Congress should not have it's own retirement plan. They are federal employees of the people.
Josh Norman is one of the few Redskins players I begrudgingly learned to respect. If he's stepping up like this it must be huge. I have no idea why, but fuck Lewan.
Texans Game plan: Max protect and wait for Hopkins to get open.
Fuck.
I love that little man!
That's a painful facemask.
Hopefully the refs don't score off this turnover.
Good job Defense.
Get a few yards and tie this bitch up.
Who are all thsese idiots thinking Foles should have passed on 3ed and 20? Get your safe yards and tie the game was the right call.
Damn, we had him.
Hopkins is booming us.
Cool fist bro lol.
Two great performances my Maddox in a row ...I think this kid can play.
See...now we have to score....turn the pressure back on.
Using their timeouts early? Get this first down and that timeout is wasted.
That was a Carson Wentz play.
About to find out it BDN is clutch.
Foles is doing his job....credit to him. Jake...no more misses bro.
You mean the Eastern Panhandle?
Can we start an official petition for the mods to change the sidebar?
I feel like all things considered the Bears would prefer to knock the Vikings out rather than letting them stick around. If they let the Vikings win they would have to play them again next week, and does anyone really want to play a division rival 3 times in the same year? If you have the option to knock a division rivalry out of the playoffs you take it, and I think Naggy is old-school like that.
I mean, their is enough of a gap between them and the venue that they could purchase an additional 40 acres of land to start a tree farm. This sounds more and more about someone pissy at the existence of a wedding venue rather than someone actually trying to remediate something that's causing them harm.
And we seem to forget that most of that time was spent trying to avert economic disaster.
I want BG to be back, but I think he's going to demand a bigger paycheck than we can afford. Hopefully I'm wrong, but he doesn't seem the type to give us a hometown discount(nor should he IMO).
Then what do you call the group of Black Israelites who screamed at me for being a white devil on the street as I was going to work? While I agree it's not systematic *in the US* but racial bigotry is universal.
Existing benefits will continue, new applications are being delayed.
Meeting with foreign officials about trade relations and business arrangements. I'm assuming Abbott submitted an itinerary with an agenda that describes exactly who he's meeting and for what. It's one of the reason why Sids's violations stood out so much. These types of trips really aren't that hard to justify as long as you do a little due diligence and actually conduct some business.
Wow...that's...that's one hell of a troll sub. Something tells me sarcastic irony isn't the goal.
IANAL, but I think that would be problematic if you advertise yourself as a professional witness. I think the general idea is they will find you if you're good enough, not the other way around.
&gt; S anders attracts the intense support of a **small left-wing intellectual vanguard** who see American politics in fundamentally different terms than most Democrats do. That's the part that bothers me about these attacks articles from Sanders supporters on Beto. For being supposed 'intellectuals' they are making some *really* dumb arguments.
I remember this from Shark Tank. I see your prices are still way to high.
Definitely aliens.
All they really need is to not have these ridiculous pension requirements put on them and the post office will continue just fine.
I don't see it mentioned anywhere, but this feels like it's entering the realm of criminal fraud.
/r/earrumblersassemble has no problem with this.
After my last experience trying to get Sears to repair my refrigerator the end can't come soon enough.
If this were a mid-season game I think Bears win in a nail-biter. But this week I feel like I'm relying too much on the Vikings and Cousins doing a historic choke, and the rivalry effect coming into play. If the roles were reversed and we had a chance to knock the Giants out of the playoffs I feel like we would, but I don't know enough about the rivalry to know if that applies to the Bears. I definitely think it can happen but smart money is on the Vikings winning.
We beat the Redskins and go to the playoffs.
Ahh yes, the 'its a joke' defense. Proving once again that we shouldn't take anything you say seriously.
I like this Nagy fellow.
Definitely a sports bar day.
I'm getting irritated how predictable our run game is getting. Josh Adams is in and they are running it up the middle.
Go Bears...for now.
About 6 minutes left in the Bears game?
Cousins ain't getting 2 TD's in 4:25
And yet 60% of the oil we dig up out of the ground goes into our personal vehicles. Until that usage changes we are only playing.
If we play like we've been playing I think we can win this one.
I feel like they pulled Foles because the game is pretty well in hand at that point. Hopefully nothing pops up on the X-ray but I think I'll be fine.
This is an Eagles beat reporter so it's not like he's at every Redskins home game.
I think that's the real answer. The aggravation of dealing with these people and going through court just to get a couple hundred bucks may or may not be worth it. It really depends on how much the painting is actually worth. I would hope she would at least forward it to the CPS case worker.
As always the truth is in-between. He's actually middle of the pack: https://www.govtrack.us/congress/members/beto_orourke/412575 Which when you consider his focus bipartisanship that's pretty good.
How Pederson Is not a serious contender for coach of the year is beyond me. you have to give him credit he got this team turned around and ready to fight at the end when it mattered the most. As disappointing as parts of this season have been I still feel like it's been an overall success.
Not to mention I don't think there was a single point all last season where the entire offense was healthy all at once.
Pretty clear what they're saying...if we're going to add instant replay to review penalties in the last 2 minutes they aren't going to get involved in over litigating already incredibly messy play.
Oh god, this is going to become the new version of the Thot Audit.
I agree I think voters are really worried at the media now and don't really want to be told who to vote for. It's one of the reason why that's why I think Pete splash is going to fade, it's based on media exposure and don't really trust how glossy he is.
Wow, I didn't realize /r/cultofbeto was a thing and how empty it was. Looks like someone put a lot of effort into nothing...how sad for them.
&gt;Meh, I'd vote for him if he's the nominee but I don't know anyone who's excited about him. Nice assumption, but no.
No. It's fun if you can find the easy fix you the hero of the day which is always good. But usually it's a really long grind repeating the same thing across thousands of servers and watching status bars move. After hour number 3 when the customer has been restored but you're still trying to get through the backend suff and while managment is asking for it's 563rd status report the excitement wears off very quickly.
Well 38 other states have online registration and 17 have same day registration I don't know why Texas is still in the stone ages.
I wouldn't go so far as to call the cowardly, but I think this is correct. They have both been 'up and comers' for a while but have done nothing with it.
Not only does he win Texas but he pushes Alabama, Georgia, South Carolina and Flordia further blue. The stakes are very high.
I don't know about the Japanese industry but in the US most paper comes from farmed trees which we grow very fast and very dense numbers. We don't really clear-cut forest for paper anymore.
Still tied for third place just like he's been for the last several months. I'm beginning to see why Beto doesn't listen to polls or hire a pollster.
If you see somebody in this sub being rude or vulgar use the report function and let the mods know. We try and stay hands-off as possible on discussions and let the downvote feature do the work for us but we don't have a problem stepping in and addressing people who aren't acting in good faith.
I don't think you'll have any problem appealing to the strong labor voters in the rust belt. He's got a lot of experience talking to union members after his Texas run. he'll absolutely campaign there but I'm glad to see someone actually executing a true 50 states strategy for once.
Yep remember that high-rise fire in England not too long ago? The one that killed dozens of people because of lack of regulation and cutting corners? This is how you get to that point.
The distribution is 1.Biden 2.Bernie 3. Everyone who has a chance 4. Everyone else And all are close enough that you can't reasonably suggest that any candidate has separated themselves. &amp;#x200B; I mean, we can over-parse the crosstabs and pull out minutia to describe why a poll might not say what the headline says...but really at some point it just becomes noise and shouldn't have any effect on people who support Beto. Beto was behind in the polls for his entire Senate run. That didn't mean anything to his supporters then and it shouldn't mean anything now.
I get the symbolism you're going for...but I hope you realize that it's not a great idea ;)
We need safety help independent of Malcom Jenkins contract. At this point we have to assume an injury and we don't have the quality depth that makes me comfortable.
I agree the members might if you managed to talk to them one on one and didn't bring up a specific political party. Unfortunately the NRA messaging won't allow that kind of communication to work if it's coming from a Democratic candidate.
If you want to reach that conclusion you're welcome too. Just remember that the candidate we're all supporting in this sub doesn't hire pollsters and doesn't pay attention to polls. I think their is wisdom in that and we should try to reflect the candidate as much as possible.
Good thing I don't give a damn about what the NRA thinks.
He's become an alt-right symbol all over Europe. It's the same reason terrorists in New Zealand kill people in his name.
I know I have. I'm all for being nice and positive but that doesn't mean I'm going to be a pushover.
I get the impression those people are starting to weed themselves out.
Or he can run for president and help down ticket Senate candidates in Texas, Georgia and South Carolina. That would be even huger.
Didn't you know that all Texas traffic laws are suspended within 200 feet of a traffic cone?
Well I definitely have a lot more confidence using Uhaul trailers now. That's some pretty solid construction for that to hold up.
A lot of the headlines are focusing on Term Limits, but their is *soooooo* much more in their that has me excited. Same day and automatic voter registration? **YES PLEASE!**
She asked a child to prove they were a citizen before she allowed them to go to the restroom.....in front of the entire class. You don't necessarily need a law to punish such unprofessionalism.
This is actually the second time they tried to fire her. And she was already under disciplinary review for other incidents that happened inside the classroom not related to these tweets. The twitter story may have accelerated her recent dismissal, but she was on that path already.
Just a reminder that she was already under her disciplinary review prior to these tweets being made public, and this is actually her second time being fired for racist remarks. One story talked about how she didn't allow a student to go to the restroom unless he proved his parents were here legally. &amp;#x200B; This case has absolutely nothing to do with free speech and everything to do with complete unprofessionalism.
Pete's 5+5+5 plan is just incredibly dumb. You don't remove partisanship in SOCTUS by putting a partisan requirement into place. Not to mention you've effectively solidified that Republicans and Democrats are the only two parties that will be allowed to govern for eternity.
&gt; Depending on the application and placement, signs are a form of one-way contract. Point of order: Their is no such thing as a one-way contract and a sign is not enter you into a contract.
I'd say disparagingly calling a group of Latino students 'little Mexicans' would qualify.
Hello World. I accepted the position and just wanted to say hi and tell you a little bit about my mod philosophy. First off since this is a political sub I want to start off by acknowledging that like every other human on earth I have political opinions. However, I also know the difference between my opinion and professional behavior. I'm sure everyone could dig through my post history and find something they don't like, but that's not really why I'm here. /r/texaspolitics is one of the more unique political subs on Reddit because we see actual conservatives and progressives discussing politics with each other and not just memeing things to death. It's something I'd like to to see maintained and that means leaving my opinion out of. I generally believe in a laissez-faire approach when using mod powers for political discussions. Reddit has a great feature called the down vote and I think the majority of community issues are solved by clicking that button. And if that doesn't work we have a report feature which can bring it to the attention of mods to review. I don't think mods should be looking for work and should instead allow the community to police itself as much as possible. I'm not going to try to judge effort posts. Some of the best lines in politics have been short one liners that drive home a point. However, that being said I'm not going to allow a tit-for-tat exchange that goes 20 comments deep and devolves into stupid name calling. I'm also not going to stop contributing to the discussion on the sub, so if I do get into a conversation with you know that I will not under any circumstances use mod powers to try to 'win' that conversation. Now, with that out of the way who's going to have the honor of calling me a Power Tripping Nazi first?
I don't really get that opinion. If you think Beto's message is good enough to flip Texas, wouldn't you want him to use that message to flip Georgia, South Carolina and Alabama as well?
Umm....you do know he was a congressman right?
Well, she wasn't able to articulate any sort of message when she met our group in person.
Meh, you have your prediction and I have mine.
I'm sure things have changed pretty significantly in the last couple hundred years. What is a current method for countries to leave the English empire?
MJ Heger is running. She was one of the breakout stars from the last election. She's got a compelling story all on her own so as long as she puts in the work she should be fine.
As long as she is willing to put in the work she should be great.
Depends on where you live. No they don't notify you and I'm not an expert about what's in the chemicals or their safety, but I'm making an assumption that it's not as bad as Malaria. The people at city hall probably won't know much unless you talk a specific person; It's more likely your County does the spraying and not your city. You should be able to find the correct office to contact by googling 'Texas Mosquito Control \[Your City/County\]' and get a phone number. In my county they post a maps and a schedule of when they are spraying if you chose to look it up. &amp;#x200B; Edit: If you're curious here is what they spray in my county: [http://www.galvestoncountytx.gov/cs/mc/Pages/Pesticides.aspx](http://www.galvestoncountytx.gov/cs/mc/Pages/Pesticides.aspx)
I think this is a scenario where the hourly rate does make a difference. For example, you could be a lawyer who makes $500/hr but only gets paid when you have billable hours. In that scenario if they ask you to stay late to help capture a new client you should probably stay late even if you already billed 60 hours that week.
I just want to remind everyone to not get your hopes up that this will mean anything. If you recall Eric Holder got held in contempt of congress and it turned into a whole lot of nothing.
That doesn't need a sequal...it needs a reboot. They need to get some writers on board and really do something with that universe they created.
Are we still counting the Giants?
McNabb already has Campbell's locked up.
We don't need a consolidation prize. He's going to WIN!
It's a direct democracy with a constitutional monarch.
I don't recall Buttigieg ever polling meaningfully in Texas.
Meanwhile in Texas they are trying to get rid of licenses for plumbers.
Well if you would have read the e-mail the first fucking time........
I hope the Texas Insurance Commission actually comes through for them....but I suspect it's going to be a longshot. Despite their mission they are more likely to protect the insurance company than the patient.
I have so many mixed feelings about this. Consuming nicotine but before you're 21 does have some serious long-term effects, but then again so does being drafted and going to war.
Best sports power couple ever!
I'm willing to bet Hank would come around, in most episodes he shows a willingness to change his mind(except charcoal)
That dome alone costs 1.5 billion euros. I watched a documentary on it and it's pretty interesting. It has a bunch of robotic arms that they will use to disassemble the reactor and actually start really cleaning up the site.
It's what happens when political races aren't competitive and politicians feel they don't have to answer to their citizens. Gerrymandering cuts both ways.
If you chose to donate post a screenshot or modmail us to get some special flare(crop out your personal info).
It's not really a mental leap so much as a historical fact...the most well known example being the case of Emmett Till: [https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Emmett\_Till#Trial](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Emmett_Till#Trial)
&gt;So because jurors refuse to convict innocent people &amp;#x200B; Ahh, I see the problem you still don't understand what jury nullification is. Perhaps this link can help you become less ignorant on the topic: [https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Jury\_nullification](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Jury_nullification) &amp;#x200B; &gt;**Jury nullification** generally occurs when members of a [criminal trial](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Trial) [jury](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Jury) believe that a [defendant](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Defendant) **is guilty**, but choose to [acquit](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Acquittal) them anyway because the jurors also believe that the law itself is unjust
&gt; Why would you bring up Emmett when no jury nullification was involved in his trial at all I'd love to see you cite evidence that the most well known example of jury nullification gone wrong isn't about jury nullification.
Try cleaning out your ears. I'll sometimes get problems with earwax and I use the rumbling to gauge when it's time for a cleaning.
I know. We're planning on copying these over to the main AMA if people can't make it at that exact time.
Im still confused why this isn't a megathread but a misspelled tweet is?
Being from Texas I can tell you Cowboys fans coming two types. Younger fans who think the Cowboys can do no wrong and Jerry is the best owner ever; and older fans to see all the flaws with the team but don't really care because they won a bunch of Super bowls in the 90s.
I wasn't clear about that does that mean the screen over time will eventually break?
Every time he played us he crushed us, and I had a hard time being mad at it.
Lawyers hate this one trick to turn home invasion into extortion.
Meh, that's just regurgitated 'Beto is a Republican' BS which is easy to see through and counter. He's going to have to come harder than that if he wants to knock Beto off.
To be fair, when he faced Beto he abandoned his Tea Party talk pretty early when it became apparent he had a real challenge on his hands. Instead of getting more extreme he stepped back and sent up the SOS to traditional Republicans and dropped some of the more extremist stuff. &amp;#x200B; Believe it or not the majority of Texas GOP loyalists don't really like the tea party. They are just willing tolerate them for the votes.
Can confirm, you could include Arkansas, parts of East Texas and the Florida Panhandle to that list.
Sure. If an actual bill is produced and advances to the point where it's ready for a vote and McConnell blocks it I'll donate $5 to the candidate of your choice. If McConnel does allow a vote you donate $5 to Beto's campaign. &amp;#x200B; If no bill is produced by the end of this session it's a mulligan.
Sure, or modmail works too.
Every summer we hear the same things about brain eating amoebas and flesh eating bacteria. And now that mosquito season is in full swing Zika is next. Texas has a semi-tropical climate so we get semi-tropical diseases. Still better than widespread malaria.
Every major debate he's been and he's had a viral moment. In the first Senate debate he called call Cruz lying Ted which got a ridiculous amount of detention because of house stark the contrast that tone is with the normal tone of his campaign. And at the second debate his true form quip it's probably one of the best summaries of the entire campaign that's something that's still with sticks with him. He's not going to win every exchange but he's going to do exactly what he needs to do.
See the problem is that expansion is going to happen so rapidly the quality will drop. I remember living in Virginia when five guys started franchising. The original burger shops were amazing and one of the best hamburger/fries combo in the world but then as soon as they started selling other locations the quality just dropped. Now I can't pass a five guys without being sad. I can't bear to see that happen with Whataburger.
I see one clear conclusion: # JEB! IS GOING TO WIN!
$10 says one of the supervisors kept the check.
I'm not celebrating the Virginia ruling too much. 'Lacks Standing' is like the default position SCOTUS takes when they are faced with an issue but don't want to address the fundamental question. It's great news for Virginia, but for everyone else dealing with partisan gerrymandering this feels much more like a punt.
It depends. If you recall the House Democrats just got defeated for 'lack of standing' when Trump exercised his emergency powers to redirect federal funds.
One thing not ruled on : [https://ballotpedia.org/Flowers\_v.\_Mississippi](https://ballotpedia.org/Flowers_v._Mississippi) &amp;#x200B; It should be a slam dunk 9-0 decision, but you never know.
Overhyped: nanotechnology - We're barely at the point of being able to make a sphere much less tiny robots. &amp;#x200B; Underappreciated: Sanitary Science - We'd be up shit creek without them.
You must be new around these parts. We're flipping out about Wataburger today.
I don't think people really understand how true this is. State loyalty absolutely trumps political loyalty around here.
If you think Beto's message is good enough to flip Texas Blue why wouldn't you want him to do that as President? This logic makes no since.
Fastest way to make this happen is to put a high quality Texan at the top of the ticket. State loyalty means a lot around here and you'll get a lot of people crossing the isle to vote for someone from their state.
In other words Infowars Infosecurity was so bad they just happened to have child porn laying around in people's inboxes. And their practices are so shitty they didn't even bother to review what they sent the other legal team. It's sad when the defense is 'I'm too incompetent to do this'
How do you keep birds from eating mosquito fish?
Something tells me Jon is going to run for office.
The ones the US Army uses don't work with beards, but they are working on it: [https://www.armytimes.com/news/your-army/2017/03/21/the-makers-of-the-army-s-gas-mask-are-looking-into-beard-friendly-options/](https://www.armytimes.com/news/your-army/2017/03/21/the-makers-of-the-army-s-gas-mask-are-looking-into-beard-friendly-options/) &amp;#x200B; It should be noted that the people who are given waivers for beards/turbans are often in the Chaplin corp.
Your first sentence is okay. Your second sentence is not. Please reword your comment.
Willie is definitely on the 'keep using it until it wears out' bandwagon.
Well he sure as shit ain't a tackle. Maybe he can just take up space?
Looks like their is more info behind the windshield wiper and on the bumper. Perhaps that explains what's going on.
Hi Jen, &amp;#x200B; During Beto's Senate campaign he was known for not hiring a pollster or using polls to influence campaign strategy. How do you think that approach applies to a presidential campaign and what do you think of the value of polling data this early in the election?
I've always wanted to do this: &amp;#x200B; !ping BETO
One of the toughest things seeing him run for President was knowing we wouldn't have him all to ourselves anymore.
Is this you? That's awesome! &amp;#x200B; If you put this in Google Podcasts you'll have a regular listener in me for sure. I could talk about Beto for days.
I'd have to disagree. His oratory style can sometimes sound repetitive since he usually references an experience that he's probably used recently...but the content of the message is always fresh. He doesn't really have a scripted stump speech unlike other candidate gets up their and it's literally a word for word recital every time. With Beto his events usually involve a lot more crowd interaction and questions so he's usually much more topical and specific. So while he might refer to the same reference material often, he's usually generating different ideas each time.
Let me ask you because the mods were wracking our brains about how to promote this. What subs do you frequent that might have given us a better shot at promoting this too?
'It's a local issue' is the excuse Republians give to ignore the fact that young black men are getting killed by police at an alarming rate. I think we should be able to expect better out of the Democratic nominee.
Jen did tweet out right before the AMA and we got a lot of traffic off that. I don't do Facebook anymore so I don't have much visibility into that world. Any interest in collecting a list of pages that we could promote things like this in the future?
Well that's dumb. The NYT hasn't been friendly to Beto but they at least shouldn't be so careless. We'll probably have to make some noise to change it...I tweeted at them.
The effort is worth $1 alone!
If you listen to podcasts and Pod Save America isn't in your play list you are doing yourself a disservice. It's a great pod and worth a subscription.
So the administration is so incompetent that the suspected casualty rate wasn't explained *before* the operation? They want us to believe that the reasonable explanation is that Trump didn't have all the information before he ordered a military strike on another country and that's acceptable? If anything that makes me worry even more.
Okay, that doesn't make it any better. The president ordering military strikes before he knows the consequences is a bad thing.
Just a reminder that their is no law that says asylum seekers must be locked up waiting for their case to be heard. In fact, the law is quite clear that they are free to release asylum seekers any time they want as long as their case is in process. The conditions in these facilities are entirely by choice.
I'm going to assume something similar to what happened in Texas in 2003: http://www.cnn.com/2003/ALLPOLITICS/05/13/texas.legislature/ Their will be some hand wrangling and people using the opportunity to make some politically charged statements, but unlikely to result in any real confrontation. To answer the questions Yes it's legal Politicans can't be kicked out, only voted out. In Texas the govonor sent the rangers after the law makers. I'm assuming Oregon had an equivalent Marshall service. It's *extremely* unlikely this will result in an actual armed conflict. It's posturing by a minority party who has no other means to power.
Anytime a country is formed by displacing people from their land your going to have problems until you address that original sin.
When I first heard about it I loved it. We shouldn't be allowed to put wars on the credit card anymore. If we expect our brave men and women to sacrifice we should be prepared to sacrifice ourselves.
Because I lived through the Iraq war and know that if Bush had to convince people that invading Iraq was so important that it's worth it to raise peoples taxes it would have never happened. &amp;#x200B; I don't know why people think it's a good idea to keep fighting unfunded wars. It's like the last 12 years didn't happen.
Just understand that a lot of them aren't arguing in good faith and you aren't going to change their mind. &amp;#x200B; Your audience isn't the person you're talking with, it's the 20 other people who will read that comment later.
Ms. Bell's link is broken, and I don't think she has a new one up yet. Maybe round 2 will produce better results, but I'm not holding out a lot of hope given how heavily gerrymandered we are.
I don't get how putting an institutional incentive to \*not\* declare war is somehow a bad thing? Of course Beto isn't going to get us involved in stupid wars, but this policy lasts well beyond a Beto presidency. Can we honestly say the next Republican president isn't going to start another war...so why wouldn't we put some additional barriers into place?
I think putting any permanent institutional incentive to *not* to declare war would be pretty popular.
Do people not understand that the whole point is a permanent incentive towards peace that will already be in place the next time a Republican war hawk takes over? 'We shouldn't go to war' or 'we should fund healthcare' and both those are true statements and still completely misses the point. &amp;#x200B; This isn't about revenue, it's about peace mongering. This is what peace mongering looks like.
That's a good spot for ornamental grasses, small ferns, caladium and annuals. Specific plants would depend on your climate and how much sunlight it gets.
DC being a dumpster fire has nothing to do with politics and everything to do with traffic and out of control rodent infestation.
Julie Ertz's husband also didn't go to the white house when he won a major championship. I think it's safe to say he probably won't go again next year either.
If we're being real honest with ourselves the name of the game at this point is simply survival. These debates really don't matter, it's the next round of debates in the Fall which really count. However, if an opportunity presents itself to have a moment I'm more than confident that Beto would not only be able to identify it but knock it out of the park.
It's funny 538 spends a lot of time talking about the perils of tracking polls, then they go and implement one. &amp;#x200B; Just take it for what it is, thank them for the data and move on.
I think the mainstream media is is intentionally framing that statement as ridiculous instead of serious in order to avoid having hard conversations. Which I guess is a fine way of dealing with it, except for the dark corners of the internet like T\_D where this stuff festers and becomes real.
It's 'impossible' because they spent 4 years cultivating a user base that is going to generate and up vote content that is against the reddit TOS and now they can't control it.
Most posters use #Beto2020 #BetoForAmerica #RelentlessBeto @momsforbeto is one of the most active accounts I follow and retweets other great follows all the time.
You might want to cut back. The mom will start dying in the next couple of months so she won't need as much water, you just need enough to keep the pup happy. It's very easy to over water the mother and have it rot out (I've done that more times than I care to admit). &amp;#x200B; When mine start blooming like this they get a drink once every 2 weeks if they are lucky and I end up with very vigorous pups after. Treat them like a cactus that likes humidity and you won't go wrong.
Because despite what Twitter wants to say their policies are more in line with what people want.
DeBlasio needs to go away. He spent the entire debate trying to bully his way into everything.
It's about porportional to what I normally see on Twitter.
Why is everyone expecting Social media to suddenly become kind to Beto? Twitter/Reddit/Facebook has been attacking him for months and he's still been relentless.
Perfect answer on climate change.
When he's not getting interrupted or being attacked he's doing fine. Edit: I think he low key knocked it out of the park.
He's getting better the longer this goes. He's relentless.
I'm just glad after tonight I'll never have to ever hear him speak again.
Beto got plenty of direct answers in. He was crystal clear on both climate change and impeachment. When he wasn't getting interrupted he did great.
He gamed the algorithm.....
We are going to have to start campaigning against Trump soon...
It wasn't exactly a fair question. You can discuss tax policy in a sound bite and it's more complicated than a slogan. Ducking was the right move and anyone without an agenda could see that. So instead of answering the question he went viral.
His answer about the 70% tax rate on MSNBC was right on. It's hard to say what he just said when your getting shouted over. It's a good answer but going viral was probably the right play.
Can someone PLEASE capture that post interview segment on MSNBC.
They all did what they needed to do. Beto went viral, Castro got a rep, and Warren didn't get any scares.....and then theirs DeBlasio.
And this is why Facebook shouldn't be in the business of fact checking. Instead of spending time and effort fixing their algorithm they went with the marketing solution that's going to get them into more trouble.
What tickles me about the whole thing is that the admins pointed out the community is basically incapable of policing itself. It's not a matter of the mods not doing their job, it's that the community actively fights the rules.
The news I've seen has all been very positive about Beto's response.
Congressional Districts are based on population sizes and not all counties are populated equally.
If I'm being honestly, I don't really blame Castro that much. He did what he had to do to make a name for himself. It won't work and will backfire...but he *had* to take a shot. &amp;#x200B; DeBlasio, on the other hand, is a troll that fucking needs to go away. I'm glad this will be the last time he's going to be semi-relevant and I never have to see him again.
To me the deterrent effect is the biggest point. I'm not sure why so many people think putting barriers into place before we just declare war is a bad thing?
If he's punching he needs to punch up, not punch down.
Hard to tell since their color can change wildly depending on light. Give it a gentile tug and make sure it's not rotted at the bottom, but otherwise it's probably fine.
I don't really blame Julian for what he did. When you're polling is so poor in your home state you have to do something to break out.
It means you're cash poor.
I think it's important to remember their are 24 other candidates supports who have a vested interest in making sure Beto 'loses' the debate. I think he did fine. Their are a few things I'd like to tweak, but he accomplished everything he needed to accomplish. He went viral, has complete name recognition and no one will forget he speaks Spanish (because he's from El Passo which is a border town which is important if your talking about immigration). What no one will remember....which specific sections of the law would still be available if we decriminalized border crossings. And as far as the memes go...take it in stride, you have to be able to laugh at yourself(Thanks Obama!)
That was....a very Joe Biden answer.
I've been flipping between her and Warren.
WHY IS BIDEN SHOUTING!
You mean the tracking poll with an admitted bias towards Warren? Okay......
Biden doesn't know when he lost the issue.
Biden doesn't know when he lost the issue.
He's bringing the heat for sure.
Did Bernie just have a senior moment?
I can't wait to hear Beto's plan here....
Going first was a blessing.
We embargo anything related to the democratic primary. The sub is supposed to be about Texas and that topic would suck the oxygen out of the room.
And a lot of that can probably be explained by overcompensating for his knee recovery. He gets injured but I wouldn't consider him fragile.
Fair use laws are extremely broad as Long as Trump isn't making any direct money off the song. They would have a hard time in court. What they should be doing instead is DCMA notice to everyone who publishes a clip of Trump using that song.
It did not help that when Yang did talk he wasn't really memorable and even got laughed at.
I prefer a comprehensive approach to immigration reform and not focus on specific sections that will just get ignored by Trump anyways. We need institutional changes. Section 1325 is nice to talk about if you were running for the legislative branch, but that's not what people want their president to focus on. Castro seemed to forget that being president is fundementally about leadership, not haggling over grammer in some burried paragraph of our laws.
It's also irritating to see supporters of other candidates come into our sub and try to lecture us on civility. As if their candidates campaign manager wasn't responsible for all the hit pieces against Beto for the last couple months.
One thing we've been noticing is how *many* of these events he does. How do you think that compares to other candidates?
Can I just say...I *love* this flex.
&gt; She said of Castro: “He changed my mind in a negative way because last year I know he campaigned for Beto.” &gt; She said the debate dustup “kind of made me get turned off to him because he bullied his friend for gain.” Friendship with Castro over.
The funny part is they don't give a shit about emissions, but they will spend millions of dollars protecting endangered species.
Inject this shit straight into my veins.
In this case I'm specifically talking about supporters of other candidates coming in here to cause drama. It's been happening more frequently because the Internet told them their was blood in the water. However, it might be worth reminding ourselves that this sub is supposed to be a *positive* community about Beto.
I made it $20.
Beto was organizing a protest in Clint, Texas. Next week he meets with migrants on the other side of the border who weren't allowed to seek asylum.
&gt; Beto O'Rourke has taken more than $600,000 to date. The majority of this money, however, is from **individuals** working in Texas' large oil and gas sector rather than Pacs. O’Rourke voted twice to lift a ban on the US exporting its oil overseas but has high marks from League of Conservation Voters, an environment group, with **a 95% lifetime rating**. I just feel like this needs to be reiterated.
I never thought I'd see the day that liberal Twitter attacks Beto for *checks notes* stopping future wars.
Those individuals are predominantly welders and electricians in unions...maybe some chemical engineers thrown in for fun. He's even returned money he's received from Sr. executives and actually promised to not accept more than $200 from *any* O&amp;G worker.
When quoting text you put the greater than sign &gt; at the start of the line and a space. So a line starting with '&gt; This is your quote' will show up as: &gt; This is your quote
I got the same. However, I told them I'm donating to the first Redditor that PM's me their donation link.
They are trying to find a way to keep Jason Garrett as a figurehead. I really think Jerry doesn't want to fire him.
Locking because y'all can't play nice.
It's a special election and unlikely that those Republicans even know their is an election. All you need is decent turnout.
It should be a fine. Even if his intentions weren't dirty it was still the exact type of hit that they are trying to remove from the NFL. Their was zero attempt to take the head out of the tackle, and every attempt to put as much mustard on that as possible.
It won't. To bring up Ukraine is to shift the focus back on to Trump and impeachment. Ukrane is a defensive scandal, not an offensive one.
It's a big issue for a lot of voters, and something the far left abandoned for some reason. &amp;#x200B; Also, it's a much better general election issue than people think....this is how you flip suburban moms away from the GOP. Unfortunately too many candidates are paralyzed by potential NRA blow back that they aren't willing to lead on this issue.
It's a bit fast for a vulnerability scan. Their really isn't a reason to run those multiple times per minuet like that and it wouldn't make a lot of since to repeat it like that since your advertising what vulnerabilities your searching for. This sounds like it's much more about sending a signal rather than trying to actually access something. But of course their is always the risk this is just a smoke screen for another quieter attack.
And for his efforts Blix was roundly mocked and ignored since he wasn't with the US while Bush kept pushing every senior intelligence officer to repeat the lie. Bush had an 80% approval ratings and basically the entire US voting population behind him. The fact that a few experts unaffiliated with the US Administration knew and were ignored does not distract from the political realities of the time.
It's almost like making a reasoned responsible statement is more of a qualification to be president than throwing out the first hot take you can think of.
He actually saw a boost in the polls after that, and national polling showed it was a popular proposal.
Also, I'd like to have Carson not have to go through another OC change. At some point we need some stability and acceptable is good enough for now. Especially if Schwartz is leaving.
And he's cheap.
I think everyone has had a couple of these in their career. They CYA email and calander update protects you from a lot of BS.
We're past due for a political realignment and it can't get here fast enough. I've always said that if Republicans have to adopt progressive policies to stay in power progressives still win.
Not the entire Midwest...and it's still a net positive overall.
Someone brushing their teeth.
I want to go on a castle tour.
I consider myself strict agnostic...so close but not quite the same. My problem is with the question itself. Can you define what God is in absolute terms?
Time to come home bby
&gt;I don't understand why anyone would think a contested convention was unlikely after 2016 Because after Super Tuesday it was very unlikely Bernie would have been able to catch Hillary. It took a few more months for it to become a mathematical reality, but the scales were so tipped at that point that it was basically over. &amp;#x200B; And honestly, I see the same thing playing out again. Bernie's base grew slightly due to some younger people being able to vote now, but I don't think it grew enough to overcome the same margins Biden will enjoy.
Sobs quietly in PHd debt.
Sounds like you don't know how people become research scientists.
Tell that to the NIH since the stipends are dictated by the grant funding. I know people who went on to Ivy League schools who are in the same boat. Nobody is happy how the science industry is set up, but it is what it is and we make the best of it.
The only people I know who didn't take out loans were the ones who already had a rich mommy and daddy taking care of them.
Apparently studying Neuroscience and Drug Addition at a molecular level is apparently a waste of time with no benefit to society. Who knew?
Try again. The average debt for a PhD is about 100k. [https://www.cnbc.com/2019/05/13/heres-how-much-student-debt-americans-with-phds-have-on-average.html](https://www.cnbc.com/2019/05/13/heres-how-much-student-debt-americans-with-phds-have-on-average.html)
You might be supprised to learn 1700/mo doesn't go that far.
Them you spend 5 years in grad school unable to make payments while it acculimimates compounding interest.
Nice work in progress, would love to see it when it's done. *zooms in*: Oh dear
I feel like I've seen a ton of videos coming from this same off ramp all with different cars.
My first thought was it probably helps protect from the salt water and rust.
Bernie gets Biden to make a joke about NK. I can't wait until Twitter says Biden is in love with Kim.
Joe ain't done yet kiddo.
Immigrants are good for Texas...that's why we don't want them? This is some bonkers logic.
This is a Federal program which means the funds come from the Federal government. That sounds much more like a cover story to make an excuses to me.
Probably has more to do with who wins the coin flip more than anything else.
I wouldn't go that far; their are scenarios where they are required. But a system that allowed them to be executed on such flimsy evidence absolutely must change.
I could think of some but wouldn't a hostage situation already counter the 'every case whatsoever' absolutist statement? &amp;#x200B; Only the Sith deal in absolutes :)
When did /r/technology become /r/wayofthebern?
An injury that was caused by the attack and not discovered for a few days still counts as being caused by the attack.
We were on such a roll that year I bet Sudfield could have gotten us to the NFCCG, but Foles performance in the SB was magical.
Season 1 did a great job world building and setting up the main characters so I think their are bones for a great show here. I just hope they fix the plot issues and start working on an actual compelling overarching story.
&gt; You can tell they were firmly targeting the basement-dwelling fedora crowd. You mean the "White dude with a Japanese warrior soul" wasn't obvious enough?
&gt; “The state doesn’t want to be liable for confrontations resulting from unhappy drivers who see messages offensive to them. Some motorists who see these plates would smile but others would be angry. The state has an obligation to vet these [before] any possible trouble arises.” That seems like a weird explanation. Who would actually hold the state liable in those situations, the guy requesting the sign is the one liable. I mean, people get angry when they see MAGA in license plates yet those are allowed.
To be fair, they are containing all impeachment stuff in a megathread.
Well for starters he doesn't promote protectionist trade agendas.
Republicans in the state have been trying real hard to catch up to the Democrats efforts for voter registration. Outside groups poured millions of dollars for people to stand outside of DMV's and ask people about abortion before they register them to vote. I'm glad for it, I don't fear democracy. But if Democrats want to win it's going to be a fight.
IANAL, but if I had to guess a corporation is not considered a member of the public therefor that law doesn't apply.
While pricy, if he's just going to be riding the bench anyways they might as well cut him regardless. If he's going to be unhappy with his future role then it does more harm than good to keep him. And if we speculate that he's the source on the Wentz article then I don't know that it's a relationship worth saving.
Geralt would win and it likely wouldn't even be a fair fight. He's equally as skilled if not more so, physically superior in both reflexes and strength and uses battle magic. Strider is not fireproof...one good Igni and he's done.
You mean fight to win....
With alchemy the only thing on the list I that's out of his league is Gandalf. He's been swallowed and cut his way out before so the octopus is doable. He's killed 'ancient evil with great prophecy' figures before so even the witchking is in his wheelhouse.
I was trying not to dilute the conversation since we already had an active thread on it. But I looked over the article again and their is enough new info it's worth keeping.
I'm glad that their were reasonable points made and an actually real discussion/learning effort. The last thing I wanted to see in this sub is to turn into a hive mind circlejerk where one side just keeps talking about how stupid the other side is.
Normally I'm in the 'fuck HOA' bandwagon. But given this house was painted to drive his 30 year old son to drug addiction recovery I can kinda see their point.
I saw her speak in 2018 primary race. Wasn't impressed.
Yep, I bought the Daily Gem Pack because it feels like I can finally bank them rather than having to spend them as soon as I get it just to play the game.
In this case he wasn't licenced so probably wasn't paying his taxes.
The article isn't great though. I had to look for alternate sources to figure out what the states case actually was. This is a submission with an agenda.
You can laugh about the reasoning all you want, but I don't understand why people would be opposed to making it significantly more convenient to update your registration. It's not like this is a major effort to implement, in 2020 this kind of technology change is trivial. &amp;#x200B; What's the opposition to the change other than 'Liberals want it'?
Yes it is because we don't have statewide reciprocity laws. The result is it hinders voter registration efforts for people who may want to travel to a battleground county from other parts of the state.
Kinda, sorta, not really. For me when it comes to selecting a candidate for president policies are the least relevant part of the equation for me. I don't care who the candidate is, their is an entire other branch of government that will ensure the policy won't be implemented as written anyways. To me a candidate releasing a policy is basically a checkbox that indicates a command of the subject matter, not necessarily to be evaluated as specific legislation. A lot of candidates checked that box and I would say he didn't check it better than anyone else. At the end of the day I think their are a lot more things that need to be considered in a candidate/presidency than just policies. So while his policies were good enough, their are a lot of their things about his candidacy that I wasn't thrilled about.
It's a problem where I am. In Galveston the only VDVR training is during the day on Thursday one day a month. So if someone from Houston wanted to come down and register voters they wouldn't be allowed too unless they took off of work to attend a training that gives them no new info other than checking a box. It's not like the process or laws in Galveston are different, it's just a barrier put up unnecessarily. &amp;#x200B; I blame my county and state government for the unnecessary barrier, and unsurprisingly both are controlled by the same party.
A pharmaceutical CEO becomes president and with the help of the Senate is able to remove restrictions on the sale and marketing of pain killers.
It's basic Pavlov conditioning. You have to encourage and reinforce the behaviors you want.
In Texas teachers unions are illegal while police unions spend all their time on Facebook making situations worse.
Tells you something doesn't it.
&gt;Sen. John Cornyn, a member of the GOP leadership team, said the protesters had to be cleared out "for security purposes" since Trump was "walking over to the church" and they were asked to clear "but refused to do so." &gt; &gt;"So obviously, it was a necessary security measure," Cornyn told CNN. Cornyn rejected the notion that they were acting peacefully since they can't "ignore what law enforcement officers are telling them to do for the security of the president or anybody else." &gt; &gt;Asked if the President should have gone to the church for a photo-op that led to tear gas and other measures to be used on the protesters, Cornyn criticized the media and others who are "never going to find any good or any positive development in anything. So you can characterize it the way you want, but obviously the President is free to go where he wants and to hold up a Bible if he wants," calling it a "civil message."
&gt; There isn’t any systematic racism anymore Seeing a lot of people saying this. If this hypothisis were true then economic mobility for white and black kids would be the same. Data says that black kids are less economically mobile than their white peers. [https://www.brookings.edu/blog/up-front/2019/02/14/no-room-at-the-top-the-stark-divide-in-black-and-white-economic-mobility/](https://www.brookings.edu/blog/up-front/2019/02/14/no-room-at-the-top-the-stark-divide-in-black-and-white-economic-mobility/) Edit: Apparently the answer isn't racism but that black culture is just inferior. Standard "It's not racist if it's true" talking points. Kinda sad if not predictable.
Joe Biden has \*been\* my president.
Removed because editorialized title. Could you please resubmit with the actual title of the article?
Probably national guard and his "in the military for one year" means Basic and AIT.
Removed: Must relate to Texas politics.
This post was reported for incivility. Could you please edit your first sentence so it doesn't directly address another person.
If we're going to look at it historically humans have been migrating to cities since cities were invented. I think your vastly overestimating how much partisanship effects centuries of economic growth.
Or he ripped it off after the torture stuff came out. In 2004 Bush was at his high point, the bottom didn't drop out for another year after that.
Can you move my boy down a little bit so we can at least see Beto's face?
He's not so heavy that the horse is in pain or increased risk of injury.
Removed: Rule 5 Civility.
If he's not comfortable putting out a statement on his own then he should hire a PR company to help him. Sometimes leaders need to deal with shit they don't want too and ignoring this isn't going to make it go away.
"Best laid plans of mice and men often go arwy" Call me cynical, but I got a feeling we're going to get bit in the ass.
Removed: Must be related to Texas politics.
Removed: Off Topic
The military vote is pretty sizable, and they predominately vote in red states. It's one of those things where if you push the margins a little bit in enough places it can add up to a lot.
We're kind of moving beyond hate speech here and talking more about civility/effort posts in general. The challenge I have is that if we moderate in the manner you are suggesting we would also be removing a significant amount of comments that *do* spawn good discussion. Let me provide a generic example so you can see what I see in the modqueue: &amp;#x200B; User 1: All \[Party\] are \[Insult\]. (Reported: Low effort/Trolling) User 2: I'm \[Party\] am I \[Insult\]? (Reported: Not a good faith effort to start a conversation) User 3: Yes, you are a \[Insult\]. (Reported: Incivility) &amp;#x200B; Depending on the thread User 1 could be the most upvoted or most downvoted comment in the thread. User 1 could have several branches in the thread with good content, or he could have a bunch of people following him from thread to thread reporting everything he does. I refuse to make decisions based on karma so the only thing I have to go on is if the discussion that follows stays on topic, or starts talking about the users themselves. I think what you're seeing is that most of the "protection" is because people are making it about the user, not the idea. &amp;#x200B; Should "All \[Party\] are \[Insult\]" be allowed in the first place? I don't think any mod is happy with that comment but the alternative is to enforce a set of rules akin to /politicaldiscussions that I don't think the community really wants and the mods are not anxious to take on that kind of workload.
FWIW, this comment is within the rules. Saying these things about another user, however, is not.
&gt; the fact that you can't say that on most reddit subs Define *most*? What subs are you unfairly prevented from posting that opinion in?
So it's an unpopular opinion on a site where the user base is majority progressive.
So your allowed to share your opinion, it's just unpopular.
&gt; if need be, I should've been given a strike for my "trolling" Upping our enforcement standards is something to consider. Some subs take a much more hard-line approach with the rules which can work. I'm not really prepared to do that yet because I don't know that the sub as a whole wants to be moderated that way and I worry about unintended concenquences. I'd like to give the current system more time to work before we make further adjustments on enforcement. I have been seeing progress, and honestly if someone changes their behavior in order to avoid a ban then I'll take that as a win.
Everytime I see these things I keep remembering that a quarter of the Tarrant County GOP voted to remove their chairman because he was Muslim. Both sides have their extremists, but I'd take removing profit incentives from healthcare outcomes over implementing an apartheid state any day of the week.
Yes, I would think that passes muster for civility. Just note that if your going to engage in back and forth banter future reports may be judged differently.
Abbott is willing to condemn local GOP leaders when they spread baseless conspiracy theories. Let's see if he stays consistent now that it's an elected official who's spreading baseless conspiracy theories. I'm betting on Abbott being a coward.
I'm really curious about the engineering tolerances here because that's a huge span with a lot of weight supported by tiney tires.
Much needed first step. Hope they follow through.
Unless the quality of the subs are degrading from neglect I'm not sure what the issue is?
America is amazingly good at exporting mass media and culture.
It reads like a copypasta, but I don't recognize it.
Just sit up straight.
Removed: Rule 5 civility/trolling.
The symbolism of displaying something on public property is one of reverance, not simple remberance. I think it's possible to remember something without revering it, but that's not the symbolism these public displays convey.
Can confirm. Shit is crowded AF right now and a lot of people are acting like a fools. PD has been busy with DUI's and all sorts of crap.
Their is a significant difference between the two. Maduro spent a lot of time consolidating power and putting allies in key positions so that when he does declare himself the winner he enough key support among senior ministers to keep on functioning like a government despite legitimacy. Trump has not consolidated power so much as just sow more chaos. Even if he, himself, was decided he wasn't going anywhere I can't see him having enough support to even pretend to be a government.
My guess would be Tillandsia Fasciculata
People thought Black Live Matter was a bad slogan at first also because their was an implication that it was exclusive. slogans are meant to get your attention and this one does that well.
I was more than happy spending $20/mo on a battlepass and gems if their was a reason to continue to do so. But where I am at right now I can't 'experiment' because of the extreme limitations on skill books and I can't progress because at this point only a few specific characters would be an obvious upgrade for my teams. Maybe I'll buy the next season so I can get past Spider 19 finally, but I don't know if they are going to have my attention that long.
That doesn't even encompass the whole situation either. No slogan is going to be able to completely convey the idea. The point is to provoke a conversation so we can provide more nuance about what it actually means. Seems to be working.
I'm sure the BLM protesters who came up with it are proud to call you an ally.
I just subbed to Triops a few weeks ago.
&gt;THE GREATEST FRANCHISE IN ALL OF FOOTBALL HISTORY. So you're a Patriots bandwagon fan now? Fuck em too. p.s. /r/NFCEastMemeWar/
Yup, the racists picked it because it looked cool, not because their was any historical meaning. They claim it's about history, yet pick the most historically irrelevant symbol.
What gets me is even if we accept that it's mistaken identity, the officers still did not need to punch him in the face to arrest him.
I agree racists should be outed, but I don't think this is a good idea honestly. You're setting up a site with the specific intention of embarrassing and outing members of the public. [https://www.chicagotribune.com/business/ct-biz-mugshot-website-owners-extortion-20180518-story.html](https://www.chicagotribune.com/business/ct-biz-mugshot-website-owners-extortion-20180518-story.html) Extortion doesn't always mean asking for money. You can extort someone by asking them to jump through administrative hoops you set up. And being a publisher without the protection of being a journalist you are going to end up being liable for more than you care too.
Am I missing something? Capitol Hill Autonomous Zone is for Black Lives Matter....not socialists. It's not like this is a Sanders rally.
I fucking ***hate*** whisper campaigns. It's sleazy Roger Stone tactics that erodes the core of the democratic process(see Birtherisim). Lindsey Graham sucks, but put up or shut up.
Sure, if I spend an ungodly amount of time grinding top tier gear. I don't find tying up my phone for 8 hours so it can run 100 autoattacks on Dragon to get one piece of gear that I then have to roll and hope it upgrades the right stats is a fun time.
Thanks, I missed those in the list.
Well the good news is he might not miss any games.
"I'm a vet and I'm outraged" -/justbootthings
If true then this is why you call the police instead of trying to solve your problems with a gun. It's the Rambo mentality that makes him dangerous and will ruin someone's life. Given the option of having the police arrest the dude on a restraining order violation or committing attempted murder he chose attempted murder.
Unions can be a mixed bag and I know a lot of progressives who aren't very pro-union. I agree we should be able to organize, but some of the organizations themselves can be shady. In Texas for a long time unions were used to enforce discrimination and keep blacks from getting the good jobs in refineries. A lot of blue collar workers can tell you stories about union workers not living up to the promise. While being pro-union is a cornerstone of the Democratic party I think it's worth acknowledging that not all unions are the same.
I bet that paint job is going to look *so* good after 3 months in the water.
In the wild they adapted to attaching to trees/rocks so they don't really mind tight spaces. A bigger pot would give it more room to spread out, but that one should be fine for a while.
If it were me, I'd be sorely tempted not to cut off the stalk and plant that gorgeous crown! If you didn't know the crown of of the pineapple is actually a pup.It's perfectly fine for them to lean. It looks like it's making room for the new guy so I'd say it's thriving.
Remind me! 4 weeks
I'm the opposite. My company is handling it great and it's made me want to stick with them longer. I guess I got lucky.
I removed this post: Off topic. We don't have a rule against image submissions but we try to avoid meme's.
I missed the debate but I'll try to catch it later. Any highlights we should be on the look out for?
