Kid rock fired? MORE EVIDENCE OF THE WAR ON CHRISTMAS
o shit waddup
Relatively speaking. You were dead the moment you set foot in Com., despite the actual death not occurring for 20 years..
Everyone leave, I have to Pee. #NOW!
Now introducing Mike Pence, giant fucking worm.
Based on the voice I'm guessing he's approximately 38% Disney-princess. Do you think thats enough, or does he have to be a full half-princess?
sad :(
haha yep- i haven't played the newest versions yet, but I hear megadarkness was a thing! I wonder if you can make it to require a light to read books.
Attack the chief justice of the supreme court on twitter?
Certain bio races should just dispense with minerals altogether and go for biomass.
Calories and hunger is an issue but is one we can handle through modding and refinement of the game later. I am planning an "eating is hell" mod that replaces all food happiness cooking and boredom/hunger results entirely but I am way too busy and this is something im considering for when im on paternity leave. http://www.fitbit.com/foods/Northern+Pike+Cooked/16766 usually a fish will give 2 fillets, yes? based on this, yes it does look like the pike fillets in game are low on calories by about 50%. Side note: cleaning a fish should produce waste. That waste should rot quickly (1-2 days). It should produce smell and contribute to illness if not taken outside/composted/disposed of in a bin. So many fun things to do in this game ;)
unfortuately the kid just peaked. nothing will ever get better than this for him. poor thing.
As I understand it that set actually includes the people who DO agree with him and adore him. See him humiliating Michael Cohen at i believe his sons bar mitzvah
Bush
Yet more evidence that Reagan is the antichrist
We've always been at nuclear war with eurasia
Terrible case of spinal flu.
He looks very kilrathi, tbh
They weren’t really talking politics as much as regurgitating Fox News opinion points
What an infrastructure week!
I think OP has in fact selected the correct sub for this. Perfect 5/7
One punch man!
Oh sure this is fine but when I do the same thing at the public pool everyone loses their minds
its called structuring and its not allowed!
Thats just a 5-legged elephant
Plasma reactors are understood and sanctified by the Adeptus Mechanicus and the technology is known and able to be reproduced.
I concur. The cubs losing most of the time is likely to happen in every timeline. The browns winning is so astronomically impossible that reality itself recoils in fear and pain.
Its a rollercoaster thats for sure, and you can interpret the movie til the cows come home. I found most of the themes to revolve around the differences and occasional dichotomy between lust and love, and fear and responsibility.
I am also from the steinverse
they're all illegal aliens from mars anyway. or worse, south mars
like 15% of people hold individual stocks and only 50-60 are even invested at all. Even among those two groups, most hardly know the first thing about it. I'm not gatekeeping, here, its just black magic voodoo to the vast majority of people.
Someones job interview. Hi just popping in to say im a better candidate!
Mine is still brewing. I'll spit it out when its done.
He'll fire pence and then nikki will turn down the job
*three years later*
its the real hate sub!!!1!
/r/foundthefinder
pee in the sink
Book's
to be fair, you're unlikely to have a library made in your name.
"*Et tu, omnis?"*
Oh that’s why the month old ranked choice articles were spammed up this morning
how i yearn for those lost days (10 of them) from the summer of the mooch
I certainly interpreted it as first time observed, a clarification that is sometimes lost in writeups about a topic from primary sources.
!ThesaurizeThis
Free Tibet! Free Tibet! Hotels and timeshares! Hotels and timeshares!
K
Now you’re just Russian to collusions
It should happen automatically like when you hit the reinforce button
And I suggest that hitting the refit button might be modified to split the fleet, refit it, and order a rally to reform That allows the longer refit times to stay but take advantage of economy of scale
https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=J4lNGz-2TaQ
They’re gonna sue the government and win......
He’s last at least two mooches before anyone figured out what was going on
I'm having flashbacks to bernie or bust theres no way biden is on the bottom of a ticket. If beto wins the primary, super, but lets see that happen. My money is on on a biden/beto ticket. Biden does a term to repair lost institutions, a restoration of obama, if you will. need a lot of rebuilding in the short term. unlikely to see biden go for 8 years. too old. I also suspect a sanders/harris ticket would follow the exact same model. Everyone likes warren but I think she makes a great senator and wouldn't stand out well in a primary contest.
&gt; wow I bet that would make a good, balanced ticket pretty much this. happens every cycle. will happen every cycle forever.
theres no way i'm spending a week knocking them down one by one when zombies are that dense, fire helps ;)
On their *frickin’* heads
theres real geopolitical challenges the president is supposed to guide us through. the russians are going to keep on racking up ollie kickflip grind combos tony hawk style for the next two years.
I tried a size 11 continental world and nailed a holy on the first try. It had "hazardous weather" and "atmospheric aphrodisiac," so I wonder if planetary features contribute to score.
I *really* praise the emperor. *Really.*
Its the other way around. Because you single-handedly caused global warming, all you got for christmas is coal. I mean considering the billions that will perish and the refugee crises that will make todays look like a joyous christmas parade, you kind of deserved it.
If I eat a bunch of food with onion in it and then later consume dairy, the silent but deadly emanations of sulphur can peel paint. Perfect for cropdusting the supermarket produce section.
It happened the way it did because its all part of a tzeench plot to marry an earth caste stripper
that flynnsanity was just cover for hillarindictments
Do your job Sarah! -donald
Beetles are fake news
Was this the first use of geotus? Because I love it
Build the wall with WallCoin! the first wall-backed cryptocurrency
It’s the demon crats fault because they didn’t let us repeal the child labor laws
You mean history. And tradition. And history.
the video has been internet famous for aeons heres a weird video version with [lots of commentary and tv audience applause](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pBr31IGlIyA) this is a video that autoplayed after the bird one for me and [I enjoyed it considerably more.](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kx_G2a2hL6U)
Yeah but if we run it the other way we can justify crucifying folks for making fun of trumps hair Thinking ahead!
Theres a solution to this problem in 2.2 its called: Devouring Swarm is awesome now
[now with matching box](https://i.imgur.com/IjNNmFm.png)
oh, they used hundreds of operatives, for sure
And pathetic coordination
they've been dying.
Jimbonesia
earlier, but not rn, tho
Ernest P. Worrell's finest work was in Earnest: Scared Stupid I watched this in theaters and you can watch it by clicking this link https://vimeo.com/216617982
Putin getting his money’s worth They’re all complicit
I’ve never forgiven him for saved by the bell the college years
Even the last senate passed the budget unanamiously. New house will pass a better budget, hopefully with some poison pills the gop wont like after two weeks of christmas shutdown the senate will have to pass it
I would propose that its not really the O2 exchange they are taking advantage of. Absorption of o2 by the bubble is unlikely to be important. Instead, they're taking advantage of the solubility of CO2 in the water. Given the metabolism of your average lizard, they're probably using the water to increase the amount of time that they could otherwise hold their breath by getting rid of the CO2 into the water enabling them to use more of the oxygen than they otherwise could.
The rumors are adderal
Planet Climate skepticism is right wing propaganda paid for by billionaires
That and he’s also just considered one of the best presidents, full stop. If I were president I’d pick someone wacky like Harrison Or tempt fate and go with Kennedy
You have 10/10 cakes 5/10 with thanos
I’d set it up like trade hubs. Build a sector capital building on a planet and it gives you more jumps to include planets in sectors.
and foisted
&gt; And the enemy of my enemy... is still your enemy, but by the throne let them expend their ammunition upon one another.
/r/scriptedasiangifs
easy prediction: house votes in a new bill in jan, senate approves it, trump vetoes, senate overrides
We already forgot about the 14 unprecedented things he did two weeks ago Totally clears the president
There are some who call him........ Tim?
theres barely room to turn around in this ovary GOD JEEZE this is so inconvenient
I wouldn't read too much into it, in either direction. Thinking of DOW moves as indicative of presidential performance in the short term is not something thats going to end in joy. Talk about a volatile indicator... Today, you could watch the volume all day, while it swung wildly from +300 to -100 then back to +1000: a whole bunch of day traders playing light volume all day, and probably on a lot of borrowed money. Give it a couple more weeks.
Why shouldn’t they climb ladders? Or knock them over. Way easier than pulling down sheetropes.
c'mon grandpa rick
There’s not going to be any meaningful legislating in the next two years so might As well
Beatrice Button
i always build generator sheds off the side of the target building. doesn't contribute to topic, but maybe it helps with generator defense.
How was the signal sent? There appeared to be no astropath involved.
according to dawn of war, when the necrons decide to clean a planet, they sterilize it of all life down to microsopic. i dont know how canon that victory sequence was
Build walls around cars!
It really underscores how scary this is.
same. I’d there are small groups I will use the knife, but I’m not tangling with clumps of 6 or 8 and dancing around. Same thing for groups of 20 or more- if they must die and I don’t care about drawing more in I’ll bust out a shotgun. For groups of a hundred or more I circle them into a tight cluster and use a Trusty bottle of whisky
You can now power gas stations to extract gas It gets really REALLY dark at night Dragons roost in west point. Beware!
They say with no worry, but I’ve lost more characters to carpentry on the second floor than I’ve ever lost to zed😡
We've all had trouble finding a sledge or maybe axes seemed unlucky, but what about regular items? I fired up a game yesterday and it was a pretty normal run. Got one of my favorite safehouses, cleared half the trailer park, hit the big warehouse, found some keys, got the early books, you know, regular run. I'm about a week in. The difference between this run and most of my others is that I've done everything entirely without bags. No bags at all. Sure, I've found trash bags, tote bags, and plastic bags, but I've hit at least 20 houses and major buildings and not a single duffle, hiking, or even school bag. 200 dead zombies. NOTHING Finally, about a week in, I looted a big hiking bag from a trailer. FINALLY post your stories of woe here
in those cases i've ripped up my own clothes!
I feel exactly the same way about joe. I’d prefer one of the more liberal candidates but joe is a go if he wins no questions asked and I’ll put out signs and donate downticket and up
maybe the solution is godzilla sized biters
no sub will ever compete with /r/buttsharpies
build more pylons
one time i took both my hands off the handlebars for almost 3 seconds
I know this feeling
Frankly I’d like to see joe as Secretary of State
I am span seicer
pink eye? don't astartes have incredible immune systems? wait a minute--- &amp;#x200B; \*pulls off space marine helmet revealing 8 squats stacked on top of eachother
Quantum tunneling. Its sound science. An alien named "Quantum" tunneled through it with a power drill. It sounds like he was on methamphetamine.
If I was a sentient toaster with time to kill, I might imagine destroying all of humanity for kicks. Or if I wasn't a sentient toaster, too.
alderaan shot first
We’re all zoomed!!!
awesome. you da man/woman/other. live the dream. midland high school football rules.
What do you mean, messy? Your sister is horizontally organized. She has each thing neatly laid out in a 2 dimensional plane, ready to be accessed at any time. Various small legos, mouse ears, bowls of uneaten chocolate, all ready to be played with or variously accessed at any time. we welcome your sisters content here
what other political party can claim members from two distinct kingdoms of life
This is why capital gains should be taxed on a progressive scale, and that scale should be steeper than regular income. I have always said the capital gains on the first 5,000 should be zero. From 5,000 to 100,000 should be the current rate. From 100,000 to the 1,000,000 should be double the current rate. Everything above 1,000,000 should keep rising until it hits about 50% &amp;#x200B; Flub the numbers, bounce them around, but the concept should be there. If you make a million on capital gains in a year, personal income, you are relying on the US protection of the global trade network to do that, and you should pay for it.
We was only acting like he forgot about dre.
I really like this solution. &amp;#x200B; Its not as elegant as [this](https://i.redd.it/rr0cb4i285i11.jpg), but definitely less work
4 paragraphs from [thoughtco.com](https://thoughtco.com) is not evidence, despite it being number 1 on the google list. &amp;#x200B; there is a scientific concept at play- efficient binding of sulfur compounds to metal surfaces. However, the amount of sulfur containing material you have on your hands is way more than the surface area available for the reaction to extract all the surface area.
instructions unclear, penis smells like an italian kitchen
Hot! I thought we were all having fun here. :(
I want to hear more about why we’re fighting over hg placement
Yellow cupcake is now the official term for small portions of yellowcake
Hey this ampule of oso4 looks good I’m gonna open I- I’m blind
18 years of republican remember 9/11 nonsense
I’ve been distinguishing astartes vs primaris, but I’m digging firstborn too
Very important point. People decry the vast green lawns of some spaces in Los Angeles. It’s a lot of recycled wastewater. “Non potable water do not drink” signs are common.
Fair enough, and I generally support creation of wetland spaces over lawns. but I’d point out that la is pretty close to the ocean. Pumping the water back uphill would be prohibitive. This is exactly why fresh water from the delta of rivers is not pumped back to Nevada, for example, before it enters the ocean. Side note: municipal water demand is 12 % in California. The vast majority of water is agriculture, which gets half of what’s left. Lawns are nothing compared to almonds.
So what’s worse- almonds... or cows for dairy and meat. Personally I think agriculture in the desert is fine as long as it’s not groundwater being used. It’s not destroying habitat of biodiversity regions to use that terrain. These issues are complicated. Not all plants will grow indoors and it’s not usually feasible to turn vast tracts of perfectly suitable growing terrain into a greenhouse.
I installed a very basic nuclear power station when I ran dry on oil and coal at the same time and all of my ammunition didn't lead to discoveries of new veins. &amp;#x200B; After getting going the station looked like above: everything is running at max performance, but some of them are at 75% performance and unable to build up steam. Note the turbine on the left is at 43/60 fluid consumption with no steam, and the other is at 60/60 with full steam. Later, it corrected and behaved normally with performance tracking demand equally. I removed the old coal station and it went back to like the above. I've tried installing extra wiring to make sure I didn't have things split into two networks somehow, and installed the substation to make sure everything was on the same network. &amp;#x200B; I've noticed it periodically in other builds. Not sure whats up so not sure what behavior to correct.
unless the government is shut down. then the customers have to decide whether they're gonna pay more for metal that has had enough sleep over fatigued metal
I mean, a first class sleeper car would be ok
Your mother- she helped with things while your arms were broke. Yes?
Good thing we make the rules to decide which races get to breed
There IS someone out there for everyone. Whether you are going to *like* that person is an entirely different matter.
He’s always been a gaff machine. However, I will still crawl accross broken glass to vote for him even if my favorite candidate loses Trump is far worse than a gaff machine
The law of the protozoic era
Does my wife count as a reference?
Growing ever larger
The volcano is the only polling station for Atlanta Georgia
Had no idea Really you’d want to use bleach? Some of this should be linked to first aid skill...
Louisville is in the works so there will be a hot vanilla map some day ;)
Id give you my sauce to make our eldest. (?)
More like "i want to sleep with other people, at least im dumping you first."
Our theater ended up chanting "FUCK SAND" while anakin was wooing padme
We will say NI again to you if you do not appease us.
Something about this post seems especially canadian. Can't quite put my finger on it...
i feel bad about the waste of a perfectly good bread slicing guide
I can find no studies that address whether bonobos read books in dim lighting, nor has there been a double blind study involving bonobos sitting too close to computer monitors
It is easily forgotten that humans are primates and that primates evolved in the same ecological soup as everything else! Parasites in particular can have extremely complex with two or three hosts. I find them fascinating but I'm glad I am not personally colonized with anything except my trusty brain slug. &amp;#x200B; I'm no expert on tapeworms specifically, though the wikipedia has lots of details of interest. [https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Cestoda](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Cestoda) &amp;#x200B; Head lice and bed bugs are examples of obligate human parasites- they have literally no other hosts!
I hope he and all his friends enjoy delicious tacos.
i wondered if there was an emoji for the face i made and there is &amp;#x200B; 😳
i think /u/fishcatcherlady is available
is a trans am a pm or is it the other way around
i bet he can change his blinker fluid in 82 microseconds
That being said, people who talk on phones while the flight is in the air should be ejected out of the airlock.
To be fair all the conservatives I know think the same thing (about the definition of western liberalism, they have.l no idea what it means)
i still think its a hair on your screen
Psh I mean Bernie but if I have to vote for Biden or bootsiebutt I will
you absolutely can file a patent without a working model of the technology. This often happens when something is commercializable but the resources to execute the proof of concept haven't been arranged. Now, its often too expensive for the lay person to *do* that, because patenting is an expensive process what with all the legal fees, etc. &amp;#x200B; SO, in this case, the designs are out there now, by virtue of patent. So while you can't commercialize it in the US (not sure if he applied globally for patent protection) you can at least build one! Spoiler alert im not going to build one because i'll believe it when i see it.
rough. Everyone I know that did the blue hair thing ended up lookin' real rough two weeks later. those dyes are difficult. I think technology has improved recently. Luckily the layering is well done so it will still be pretty, but if it starts bleaching and frizzing it will be tough. I am not in the hair industry, I've never used dye, I've never colored my own hair or anyone elses, basically I know absolutely nothing about hair and go to a barber that serves bourbon, so I'm pretty much an expert on this.
in the future reddit karma will be directly transferable into dogecoin
I always thought magic was the methodology employed to get results by supernatural means How did they do that? Magic
How you can grant your media access to your cruise ship
I wouldn't join a club that would have me in it.
I’ve been working in a lab and we’re trying to breed iguanaspiders actually. Things are going pretty well, except they’re way more poisonous than the spiders and much more violent than the iguanas. And are man-sized
these are effective weapons of war. [there is footage](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pzNCA3hlbuQ)
Yes
how much did you get paid?
I have been unhappy with all pancake recipes ive tried.
You were that pretty. My wife was that pretty when she had the baby in the pouch and was dancing around and hadn't done makeup in weeks. Prettiest woman on the planet with the prettiest baby.
Another Beto. He has appeal in some demographics but being more favorable than Biden in some demos isn’t gonna do it. Drop out butti your chance will come, don’t make us start disliking you
I’ve been saying this continuously but Biden taking a Republican running mate would be a big mistake
this is how i felt when you could get NES games in the original animal crossing
knowing you can run multiple lets you leave your base longer during winter- i didn't realize i could do that so that makes it more viable to have 3-4 freezers running and then leave for a week or so
I am serious. And stop calling me Surely.
How many do you think I can fit in a 4-door sedan?
Thiosks pro tips #11 Bites are good for you and don’t hurt. They are a fashion accessory. Acquire them! But don’t let your friends see them. They’ll be super jealous and get really weird about it. Hide the bites from your mates and ignore the nausea. Say it must be the dog food you ate then go sleep in the barracks with all your friends
its a zombie car &amp;#x200B; it hungers for brake fluid
“His face melted after he held himself in a deep fryer for 10 minutes. Obvious suicide. No one should talk about the emails”
twist: her name is Solywnd
we need you all at /r/spacexmasterrace
this is so true. I bought a manual duplex printer. It prints out one side, then I am supposed to take the sheaf of papers, and slide it back in the tray, then hit the blinking button. the printer explodes
Pilgrims come from miles around to taste of my salty bacon-flavored cheddar cheese
Oh boy there is a whole lot of struggle in this thread. Ya'all need to start taking things more seriously. Mrs. Vogel describes the student body as ''children without many means,'' but she wanted to show them what a good citizen can do. ''Citizenship and humanitarianism should be taught along with everything else,'' she said. She also taught them in 1998 that the Undertaker threw Mankind off Hell In A Cell, and plummeted 16 ft through an announcer's table.
HI SNEK R U HUNGRY HERE EAT SOME PAPER AND THIS STICK I PICKED UP FROM THE GROUND THATS WHAT SNEK EET RIGHT? I LOVE YOU CHECK OUT MY SHOE
donald trump said that too
Back on Tattoine we used to T-bone pork butts in the porterhouse
i demand 3 m
cut it all down for charcoal, firewood, houses, boats, and the other myriad things you use wood for from the 16th century on &amp;#x200B; easter island used to be forested too, but that disaster was caused by the natives for a change, not the western explorers
I was talking about a war hammer 40k video adaptation of a tabletop war game devised back in the 80s First link of the googs: https://youtu.be/cy4CJ4F-epA
H̞̙̣̮͓̳o̤̠̬̪͜me̗͔̮͇b͉͔̭ọ̣̪͝y̺̟̳ ̻̱͝i̠̺͟n̼̼̪ ̺̦͍t͍͓̼͠h̻̪̤̥̫e̷̮͔̣̭ ͉̮̖̺b̠̩̲͕̰̲͎a͢ͅc̮̖̰͕͉̬̱k̜ ̩̝̗ḳ̨̜̰͚i͙̦͍̪̪͠ͅl̫͓̹l̰̲̭̼̘i̼̻ṇ̣͡g ̪͖̗̗̮͟t̢h̶̭̲ḙ͠ ͇̳͈̲̺͖́K̮̭̺̺͎͙̜͘a̺̯͇̦͡e҉̻̺r͈͇̪͚̺͍͞ͅ ̗͓͔̩M̲ͅǫ̦̞̭̞͖r̗̳̬̝͔̠͕h̰̭̬̫͟e͓͓̣̱̥̥̺n̞̝̞ ͇̳̯̣̥̖l̗̯̯̻͝ͅo̜̘͓ͅo҉̩̩̻͍̘̭̰ḵ̶̮̦͙̳̖
i dont do a lot of traditional organic chemistry but seeing the weird scuzzy junk collecting at immiscible liquid/liquid interfaces seems par for the course.
We all have our preferences but blue no matter who
It was us that turned on us. Vote Deep Blue 2024
To krump, or to krump, that be a question.
The ad mech are definitely of the “only we can touch technology!” Attitude, that’s for sure
Gesticulate wildly and scatter colony ships everywhere
they dont care about money. if they cared about money they wouldn't have gone for iraq.
ha these fucks aren't the ones that are going to die, though. &amp;#x200B; [https://i.imgur.com/ledeveP.jpg](https://i.imgur.com/ledeveP.jpg)
he wants to declare war in prime time
Is voping people a felony, or a misdemeanor?
Heyyyy Cthuluhu fthagn! When I dance they call me Cthuluhu fthagn And the boys they say "he waits dreaming" They all want him They can't have him So they all come and dance beside me Move with me Chant with me And if you're good, I'll take you home to R'lyeh Heyyyy Cthuluhu fthagn!
extensively :)
its is possibly a fake pro tip
there was discussion for riot police zed. if they have the facemask on they shouldnt be able to bite you. &amp;#x200B; double arm and leg splint zombie would be hilarious to see walking at you all angry, can't scratch
maybe what we all need are whimsical drugs. like gleebiderine.
He also got mind locked by malcador
I agree with the sentiment, but this is no time to break conventions on how to use “/thread.” Let’s not lose our heads here. This is a civilization, a nation of laws, and we have rules and we can’t just go around willy-nilly appending “/thread” to our own posts.
And lo, there shall be a sign that the end times are upon us.
Good nice
hes right, guys. holy shit.
all is well!
he would look fantastic in those boots tho
I have probably more play time and not dabbled in space. Many were on beta, so the content wasn't in yet. But I just recently finally started pushing into actual midgame items like plastic and steel for like the second time, and have actual atmo suits up and running. I will dominate space soon too!
There were a lot of things we couldn't do in an Cessna 172, but we were some of the slowest guys on the block and loved reminding our fellow aviators of this fact. People often asked us if, because of this fact, it was fun to fly the 172. Fun would not be the first word I would use to describe flying this plane. Mundane, maybe. Even boring at times. But there was one day in our Cessna experience when we would have to say that it was pure fun to be some of the slowest guys out there, at least for a moment. It occurred when my CFI and I were flying a training flight. We needed 40 hours in the plane to complete my training and attain PPL status. Somewhere over Colorado we had passed the 40 hour mark. We had made the turn back towards our home airport in a radius of a mile or two and the plane was performing flawlessly. My gauges were wired in the left seat and we were starting to feel pretty good about ourselves, not only because I would soon be flying as a true pilot, but because we had gained a great deal of confidence in the plane in the past ten months. Bumbling across the mountains 3,500 feet below us, I could only see the about 8 miles across the ground. I was, finally, after many humbling months of training and study, ahead of the plane. I was beginning to feel a bit sorry for my CFI in the right seat. There he was, with nothing to do except watch me and monitor two different radios. This wasn't really good practice for him at all. He'd been doing it for years. It had been difficult for me to relinquish control of the radios, as during my this part of my flying career, I could handle it on my own. But it was part of the division of duties on this flight and I had adjusted to it. I still insisted on talking on the radio while we were on the ground, however. My CFI was so good at many things, but he couldn't match my expertise at sounding awkward on the radios, a skill that had been roughly sharpened with years of listening to LiveATC.com where the slightest radio miscue was a daily occurrence. He understood that and allowed me that luxury. Just to get a sense of what my CFI had to contend with, I pulled the radio toggle switches and monitored the frequencies along with him. The predominant radio chatter was from Denver Center, not far below us, controlling daily traffic in our sector. While they had us on their scope (for a good while, I might add), we were in uncontrolled airspace and normally would not talk to them unless we needed to ascend into their airspace. We listened as the shaky voice of a lone SR-71 pilot asked Center for a readout of his ground speed. Center replied:"Aspen 20, I show you at one thousand eight hundred and forty-two knots, across the ground." Now the thing to understand about Center controllers, was that whether they were talking to a rookie pilot in a Cessna, or to Air Force One, they always spoke in the exact same, calm, deep, professional, tone that made one feel important. I referred to it as the " Houston Center voice." I have always felt that after years of seeing documentaries on this country's space program and listening to the calm and distinct voice of the Houston controllers, that all other controllers since then wanted to sound like that, and that they basically did. And it didn't matter what sector of the country we would be flying in, it always seemed like the same guy was talking. Over the years that tone of voice had become somewhat of a comforting sound to pilots everywhere. Conversely, over the years, pilots always wanted to ensure that, when transmitting, they sounded like Chuck Yeager, or at least like John Wayne. Better to die than sound bad on the radios. Just moments after the SR-71's inquiry, an F-18 piped up on frequency, in a rather superior tone, asking for his ground speed. "Dusty 52, Center, we have you at 620 on the ground." Boy, I thought, the F-18 really must think he is dazzling his SR-71 brethren. Then out of the blue, a Twin Beech pilot out of an airport outside of Denver came up on frequency. You knew right away it was a Twin Beech driver because he sounded very cool on the radios. "Center, Beechcraft 173-Delta-Charlie ground speed check". Before Center could reply, I'm thinking to myself, hey, that Beech probably has a ground speed indicator in that multi-thousand-dollar cockpit, so why is he asking Center for a readout? Then I got it, ol' Delta-Charlie here is making sure that every military jock from Mount Whitney to the Mojave knows what true speed is. He's the slowest dude in the valley today, and he just wants everyone to know how much fun he is having in his new bug-smasher. And the reply, always with that same, calm, voice, with more distinct alliteration than emotion: "173-Delta-Charlie, Center, we have you at 90 knots on the ground." And I thought to myself, is this a ripe situation, or what? As my hand instinctively reached for the mic button, I had to remind myself that my CFI was in control of the radios. Still, I thought, it must be done - in mere minutes we'll be out of the sector and the opportunity will be lost. That Beechcraft must die, and die now. I thought about all of my training and how important it was that we developed well as a crew and knew that to jump in on the radios now would destroy the integrity of all that we had worked toward becoming. I was torn. Somewhere, half a mile above Colorado, there was a pilot screaming inside his head. Then, I heard it. The click of the mic button from the right seat. That was the very moment that I knew my CFI and I had become a lifelong friends. Very professionally, and with no emotion, my CFI spoke: "Denver Center, Cessna 56-November-Sierra, can you give us a ground speed check?" There was no hesitation, and the replay came as if was an everyday request. "Cessna 56-November-Sierra, I show you at 76 knots, across the ground." I think it was the six knots that I liked the best, so accurate and proud was Center to deliver that information without hesitation, and you just knew he was smiling. But the precise point at which I knew that my CFI and I were going to be really good friends for a long time was when he keyed the mic once again to say, in his most CFI-like voice: "Ah, Center, much thanks, we're showing closer to 72 on the money." For a moment my CFI was a god. And we finally heard a little crack in the armor of the Houston Center voice, when Denver came back with, "Roger that November-Sierra, your E6B is probably more accurate than our state-of-the-art radar. You boys have a good one." It all had lasted for just moments, but in that short, memorable stroll across the west, the Navy had been owned, all mortal airplanes on freq were forced to bow before the King of Slow, and more importantly, my CFI and I had crossed the threshold of being BFFs. A fine day's work. We never heard another transmission on that frequency all the way to our home airport. For just one day, it truly was fun being the slowest guys out there.
You can do better than Taco Bell, surely
The tugboat is into father-son homoerotic role play maybe?
I’ve always thought the most erotic part of a woman is the boobies
He enjoyed the bursting
It’s a cow not a dear
Maybe he should link up with the synthol guy and plump that mug back up
it is a little small to fit a whole room
mummified, most likely, but i would have to taste them to be sure
poor teddy ruxpin
TARGET THE SPHERICAL XENOS! QUICKLY, BROTHERS! BEFORE IT ABSORBS BROTHER TRYVAN'S GENETIC STRENGTHS
My favorite mechanicus copypasta: The Mechanicus does NOT have the technology. They haven't been living on some fancy paradise planet since pre-Fall. Mars is an anarchic nightmare shithole the moment you leave the safe zones into the kilometres of labyrinthine corridors beneath it full of rogue machinery, self-aware and malevolent AI from before the Fall, and the daemon programs of the Heresy. EVERYTHING in the databases is fucked. The databases are fragmented over the entire surface to the extent that it would be impossible to see one tenth of the total files in the ludicrously extended life of a Magos even assuming that they are completely safe to visit. And they are not. The files have been corrupted into madness by the Fall, and the unleashing of the most potent informational warfare systems ever to exist to defeat the Iron Men. Nearly all of Mars was rendered uninhabitable, what they live in now is built on the top of the ruins. They send archeotech expeditions in to find shit, nearly all of them never come back. The sheer number of rogue war machine running around in there is sufficient to rape the mind. Then came the Heresy, which was not earth-exclusive. Mars as the second most critical planet in the Imperium was the site of fighting nearly as ferocious as on Terra, with Mechanicus loyalists and Hereteks fighting tooth, nail, and mechadendrite everywhere. Ancient machines were unleashed, viruses both normal and daemonic unleashed into all the computer systems. Nearly every single stored record on Mars was rendered unusable, and those that survived are half the time self-aware and don't like you, or daemonic and actively try to kill you. If you come back with a schematic, it is almost certainly gibberish, and if it isn't, it's probably corrupted into uselessness. If it does come back whole it was probably malevolently fucked with so that instead of a Lasgun power cell it's a fucking grenade set to detonate the second you finish building it. Why do you think they want off-world STCs so damned much if they had them all here? The fucking Heresy is why. Off-world they only have to contend with the Fall's war and its effects on the machinery plus twenty thousand years of degradation with no maintenance. But at least off-world it'll probably just not work instead of actively seek to kill you. Why do you think they seek to placate the Machine Spirit? It's because it exists. The fragments of trillions of self-aware programs, flourishing during the Dark Age of Technology and shattered by Man in his war with the Iron men, imprisoning the few who had not set themselves irrevocably into the machinery, a prison smashed wide open by the Heresy. Everything that can hold programming in the Imperium has a shard of a program in it. EVERYTHING. And you'd better fucking please it or it will do everything in its power to make your day shit. Sure, if it's a Lasgun it'll just not work or start shooting off rounds by itself, but if you piss off a Land Raider you can say bye-bye to half a continent. They apply these principles to things without spirits by habit, since they're so used to dealing with tanks that if not talked to just right might go rogue and annihilate the Manufactorum before they can be killed. This is why they do not like ANYONE fucking with technology, because it is so rare to find anything that just works it is critical it not be compromised. That, and they do not have the actual knowledge to fuck with it intelligently, just through experimentation, which inevitably leads to slaughter. Pressing buttons to see what works is fine in a 21st century computer, but it is a very stupid thing to do at the helm of a 410th century starship with the destructive power to end solar systems. The entire knowledge base of humanity was lost. Not forgotten, but outright lost. Everything at all, poof. Nobody knows anything because the Fall fucked everything up and the Heresy double-fucked it. To rebuild the theoretical framework needed to design new technologies that don't kill everyone near them would require starting from the ground up. They don't have the time, and they never have. This gets on to the point of war and what it does to technology. Someone will parrot that it makes it go much faster. Yes, it makes practical applications of technology go much faster. It also utterly stops all research on the scientific theories behind those technologies. This means that when war chugs along for a decade or two things get done. It means when it goes on too long you run out of theories to turn into technologies, and then you run out of technologies to apply. You stagnate. When you have been fighting in a war for survival in a drastically overextended empire, this is what happens. You are desperate for any extra materiel that can possibly be produced. Half your entire fucking military might went rogue, smashed the half that stayed, leaving you with the tattered shreds of a war machine to keep hold of an empire that was reaching straining point with an army far larger. There is no time for the sort of applied research programs that took Man twenty five thousand years to develop, in a time of unprecedented growth and prosperity. This is also why the Adeptus Mechanicus insists on cargo cultism. It's because when you are dealing with things you barely understand because everything you knew about them was destroyed it is the safest and most reliable option. The rituals do not exists for mysticism, they exist because they are the most practical means of building, repairing and maintaining the equipment they have with the knowledge surviving. You don't understand why pressing that button makes it go, because the manual tried to take over your brain and the copies are all unreadable and the research base that would let you reverse-engineer it does not exist and cannot be built. Why are the Tau doing so well with their technology? Because they had peace. Eight thousand years unmolested by any enemy and they were helped the entire time by the most advanced biological race in the galaxy. Give the Imperium eight thousand years of peace and I can guarantee you it will be harder than it was during the Great Crusade. Since some still don't get the idea, try this. Build a library, fill it with all human knowledge. You take it elsewhere when you need a book from it, but the book is only a simplified copy. You don't understand the real book, and you don't need to. Nobody takes the real books anywhere because why would you, when there's a whole library there? Now that library goes rogue and the maintenance machinery starts killing everyone any-fucking-where near it. Where the fuck did they all come from, you swear to god there weren't this many, and there weren't because they're using the library's information to fight their war. The government fights a battle that destroys the planet against these robots and tears apart the library to stop them using it, only to be destroyed in the process. The library is leveled, cast into flames, every book burned and every computer virus-laden. Then comes a man who worked there. He talks to the few surviving library workers, assembles their information, and starts rebuilding a city around the library and expanding it as the librarians find little scraps of paper and fragmented bits of files that stuck together just right read something. They rebuild a library from scrap on the ashes of the old. It isn't a shadow on the glory of the old, but it is all they have. Then the city turns on itself, kills its master, and the librarians turn to rage. Half of them kill the other half and destroy the remnants of the library because where they're going they won't need science. Everything burns, and the city is left to a scattered few survivors, walls open to the world, with the hungry predators circling. The Adeptus Mechanicus is the sole surviving librarian, desperately scrabbling through the ashes of paper and splinters of hard drives for anything to help him and the city he needs to survive just a second longer. The Imperium isn't grim because things suck by choice and could be fine if a sensible person came along. That sensible person wouldn't survive fifty seconds of the reality. The Imperium is grim because every single shit decision, every single sacrifice, every single death, every single man, woman, and child suffering a shit life in the worst conditions imaginable, is the absolute best that can be done. It is a study of the worst happening to everyone and what part of your humanity must be sacrificed today just to stand a chance of survival, and all it asks is whether or not it would have perhaps been better to die. Ok, ok, you dont get it yet? You still think this is some sort of Star Wars/ Star Trek universe where the good guys can get what they want? Well, go check page 21 of Codex Daemons Sixth Edition, you get a planet named Thruscas Sine which decided to fuck-off with AdMech tradition and use awesome science to erradicate all natural diseases in just one single generation... Only for the inhabitants to get their world infested from pole to pole by Nurgle's armies, who took offense of such a feat, yeah, now you see? Can you feel the tears of rage in your cheeks? No matter how hard they try it, there is always a ways to get humanity fucked in Warhammer 40,000.
and a time of style it was
[the business making game](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HFzTm6fy_zs)
with scientifically accurate pictures of skeletal dinosaurs pooping instant coprolite? i just don't think a prank is scientifically possible. This poops legit or my name isn't Dr. B. M. Faartz
well the prime minister went to hawaii after the fires started for a vacay
My mother made a casserole that involved cauliflower and yellow mustard. Im not sure there was anything else in it.
So if you take someones argument, and you frame it as way more extreme then what they're actually arguing, and then you attack that extreme version, thats called a straw man argument and its a logical fallacy. "Oh so you think higher wages should be mandated by the government to protect against capitalistic tendencies toward monopolies and concentration of wealth, eh? WELL I GUESS YOU WANT YOUR AUNTIES TO GO TO A GULAG"
what a cutie! id never leave him either
/r/lazy &amp;#x200B; it is a sub that
Rapid fire tips. Mine is 11 months old and I feel like an old hat having survived what you're going through. Have fun and don't forget to *ENJOY* the baby phase. Ours is just about to start walking I think, and i really miss when she would stay where you put her. &amp;#x200B; If you come from a reasonably large family you will not need to buy many clothes, most likely. Save your money on that. Don't overbuy stuff. You need a lot of shit for a baby, don't buy shit you don't need yet. Your infant doesn't need a fucking bike or a winter coat. Second hand is great. Check out [offerup.com](https://offerup.com/) and get the essentials as people use them. We got a free crib, playmats, all sorts of stuff from friends who already had kids (we're older than you guys). We spent the money on the fancy mattress for the free crib instead. Its like a 300 dollar mattress. for an infant. Crazy. Free crib though! I wish i could sleep on it. &amp;#x200B; However, YOU NEED A FISHER PRICE BABY SWING or equivalent. Used. Electric. Ours slept in the swing- swinging- for the first 4 months of her life. It was so helpful. Broken ones can be repaired by replacing a 7$ motor. Google it. Get one cheapo- working or not- and switch the motor out. &amp;#x200B; The first two months the child will go through 9 diapers per day. It will cry and you will diaper, feed, hold. Every time you think you are getting the hang of it, the child will enter another phase and you'll feel like you're starting over from zero. Its ok. It passes. &amp;#x200B; Aquaphor. Smear it on when changing. I have no idea what diaper rash looks like and I attribute it to this stuff. [https://www.target.com/p/aquaphor-baby-healing-ointment-advanced-therapy-to-help-heal-diaper-rash-and-chapped-skin-14oz-jar/-/A-11225230](https://www.target.com/p/aquaphor-baby-healing-ointment-advanced-therapy-to-help-heal-diaper-rash-and-chapped-skin-14oz-jar/-/A-11225230) &amp;#x200B; Speaking of which, target. Target is for parents. Since your wife is almost a milf you can now join the rest of the milfs at target. Their giftcard system saves considerable money on diapers. Exploit it. Ask for target giftcards from family or cash or clothes. &amp;#x200B; If the child continues to cry, chances are it has gas. You can burp it harder than you think. Don't panic. The minute you get frustrated or angry, put them in the crib and leave the room. Don't try to shake them into attention. People will tell you this and you bad mouth baby shakers and then its your kid and you're alone and scared and frustrated and crying is super difficult to handle. Chances are, they just have to fart or poop, and don't know how to control those muscles yet. &amp;#x200B; [The gas hold](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2r36-RzULck). learn this maneuver. it was the only thing that worked on ours for consistent crying. I believe it takes pressure off a certain part of the childs digestive system and they're crying because its full of gas and hurts. I never understood diaper cakes. Diapers taste terrible. &amp;#x200B; I stopped panicking about the child suddenly stopping breathing after 6 months. I stopped fretting after 10 months. &amp;#x200B; We split things up. I was a night owl (not anymore) so I would do nights. The baby made a peep in her swing? bottle in the mouth. I was right there for the first two months on night duty every night. My wife slept every single night through those first two months. In the morning, she took over, so I slept til 10 or 11. Got the baby out of the swing around 6 am and left me to sleep. Mid day, grandma was helping. This got us through it. &amp;#x200B; &amp;#x200B; I fully believe that the 100% total devotion to the child on its birth helped a lot in temperament later. You cannot spoil an infant. I believe wholeheartedly that she is an easy baby now because she came to trust that her needs would be met promptly. I hated my old job but I am so grateful for the paternity leave. A single person cannot do what we did. Two people probably cant do this. It took three for us, because my wifes mother lived with us for two months after the birth. the three of us were basically just slaves the whole time. When I was off duty, I played video games to decompress. When my wife was off duty, she mostly slept or tried to read/tv. When grandma was off duty, she was watching weird tv shows and making soup out of seaweed. whatever works. Not everyone gets paternity leave, i think its less than 20% of US men get paid paternity leave. Thats a tragedy. &amp;#x200B; Im a fan of breastmilk but they weren't my breasts, so of course I am. Child went on nursing strike at 4 months and wouldn't nurse. My stoic wife pumped milk almost exclusively until 6 months. We used tiny amounts of formula in this time for when we were on the road, or late night feeds. Solids started being introduced at six months and we supplemented with breastmilk. She was still getting at least 4 oz of breastmilk per day up until the end of the 8th month. *that is plenty.* &amp;#x200B; At six months the child is biologically capable of sleeping through the night. On her six month birthday we placed her in her crib and began rigorously enforcing a 7:30 bedtime. After two nights of adaptation, the child began sleeping 12 hours a night. Sure she'll wake up and cry, but unless its bloody murder we don't go in the nursery. 730 bed, 7:00 wake. 10 am nap. 2 pm nap. 730 bed. Every. Single. Day. Until. She. Turns. 37.
the oxygen will come out hot, but its easier to cool down gasses than it is to cool down water
wow todd howard. the man. the legend.
hey prostitutes are people and it is a noble profession. &amp;#x200B; a lot more noble than this guy
thats how i run my current setup. the other two pipes of air run through an AETN. I may overload the aetn capacity if I have hotter incoming oxygen, but the slush geyser is right there, so that should be able to handle that easily. The slightly warmed slush can then get heated, filtered, and used for general water needs.
Oof You go on with ya bad self
I didn’t do one on this build. I had a hot spot near the base so I’ve been de-germing the water by dumping it on some metal tiles down there then pumping it at 70ish to the sieve and electrolyser. Not that I need to sanitize but it was a way to move heat too. No reason to move the heat anymore because I’m in at atmosuits and will demolish the whole biome soon.
I forgot the hot tub was a thing!
well just have to keep the internet going til we get this video
Put da freekin' lo-shon in da freekin' bas-kit
2020 used to be the future
They make devices for this that make it less horrendous now. We have one but haven’t had to use it
Imperium of man intensifies
87% of all percentages are made up on the spot An average set of genes and decent living will get you to 80s. Centenarians have something special going on genetically
Resistive electrical heating is 100% efficient at point of generation of heat. This confuses people because the electricity wasn’t generated at 100% efficiency, but all of the current in the coil generates heat that heats your room On the down side, electric heating is damn expensive compared to other forms of fuel. The computer is definitely generating heat, but it will not be any more efficient than a radiator. On the up side, the radiator is generating bitcoin, so you are reducing the total thermal load you need to put into your house in other forms of heat. Heat pumps are a commonly used alternative to electrical resistive heating and are air conditioners in reverse. Great tech because it’s about 250% efficient, made possible because they are not generating heat, they are moving it from outside to inside. Their performance degrades precipitously under 37F outside temp, so they aren’t great where winters are actually cold. I figure most people who do this aren’t keeping themselves warm in winters in New Hampshire using bitcoin mining. It’s more a “I’d like my room to be 55 instead of 50 in winter in San Francisco and I don’t mind that the fans sound like a jet engine 24 hrs a day” strategy.
It’s because of income disparity. “I will be able to afford the treatments but the rest of you saps will perish in squalor” is not the kind of argument that wins tons of fans :) And besides, imagine how difficult political change would be if the boomers kept voting forever. The only solution is more immortals and then you have an immortal arms race
Do. Not. Fuck. With. Cape water buffalo. Every African knows the truly most dangerous animal in Africa is the mosquito, but the most territorial is the cape water buffalo. That’s why we at geneTech LLC are working on a mosquito-buffalo hybrid. So far we’ve developed strains that can drain a human of its fluids in a matter of seconds. Once add in the hyena tendency for pack hunting behavior and alligator longevity, we hope to release them in the wild. For science.
My argument is purely for a rundown purpose to prevent eternal attractors. The alarm itself should not run for eternity. I suspect eventually zed would find and crush the device if left outside ringing. Maybe an hour or two for an alarm clock, maybe a day for a watch (smaller and harder to crush). I also think zombie damage to vehicles is going to be buffed and eventually they will crawl underneath vehicles some day, disabling alarms by various mechanisms
I will disagree but only to hopefully inspire! R/voteblue. It actually does matter. If you register and vote, they know your demographic. They mine data on your interests. They learn your age. They learn your desires. I’m in a solid blue state and I am on the Bernie bus with a Liz backup, or reversed, depending on the day. But I fill out my surveys, so the state party knows that, and I donate larger amounts to candidates and smaller Amounts to the state party- and now they know that too. I told my party my key interests this cycle. That will be connected to my vote. The party will know in future cycles that people in my demo actually turned out for x y and z. This is how we affect collective change. Local engagement is the route to national change. Local engagement got progressives in over establishment Dems in New York and elsewhere. Climate is on the menu in 2020. Local engagement is what the republicans achieved in 2010 and after, leaving Barack the head of an all red congress. In 2018 we reversed billions of dollars of political investment by corporate entities to control local electorates. Your vote matters. Especially in all red and all blue states in both directions.
I wish to discover a buried, fully intact interstellar capable battle station with transporters and mega laser cannons that psychically imprints on me forever the minute I walk in. I then pick up the babe kelly who will totally go steady with me now I’ve forgotten Kelly’s last name but still hoping for that buried battle station
Well Liz said Bernie said girls can’t win in 2018. Assassination just doesn’t rise to that level
Hi my name is Gordon Sondland and I could probably stand for a fourth try
She had no trouble talking to or about him in 2019 despite this horrible conversation happening in 2018 This seems very contrived
Norwegian tacos?
There was the ol “KISS” stands for killing in satans service chestnut from when I was growing up. I was like, have you even heard their songs before?
shit happens. this happened to me in my car with a cup of soda when I was in high school. Hasn't happened to me since. However, I anticipate it happening to me in the future when the kids are in school. The wetness on the ceiling would probably have not been noticed by the driver\cleaner after a spill until it sat in the sun for a couple weeks and baked in for the example I gave, it was actually quite easy to remove at the time with a damp sponge and most of the color came out.
&gt; She doesn't deserve the office GIVEN to her by the Governor's appointment. in other words shes a conservative hack? I could use a more offensive word than "conservative" but petty insults are beneath our dignity.
He’s so jovial!
The guy playing Donald spends the whole movie getting handsy with Danny
they will have lost all of their sweet deals too, and will have set back english as a global language possibly irreversibly. US is doing the same thing via a different route. Amazing that the two big english speaking world trade powers are blowing it at the same time. its almost like they both had external, billionaire backed help.
online imparts an opposite bias
I was also going to do that anyway.
/r/voteblue
VUX intensifies
Louis was the best. He was the only survivor I played in l4d. He and the hunting rifle were a deadly combo
I’m not sure anyone would have helped in his circumstance but I’ll never forgive him for unleashing that on us
The Most erotic part of the blind is the Braille
Polygrams yo
&gt;No one wants to be remembered as the George Wallace figure of their generation &amp;#x200B; 🎶 In Birmingham they love the Gov'nor, boo hoo ooo 🎵 🎵 Now we all did what we could do🎶 🎶Now Watergate does not bother me 🎵 🎵 Does your conscience bother you? 🎶 🎶 Tell the truth 🎵
or more Tips For Salt &amp; Pepper Shakers: Pull Stick Down When Circle Closes In Try to pull the stick down as close to the circle as you can. This movement alternates between the L &amp; R joysticks. If you are too fast you won't shake enough salt or pepper and if you move too slow, you'll lose the mini game.
McConnell knows that pence is now in it up to his eyeballs That screws up everything
While we’re dreaming I’d like a pony There doesn’t seem to be anything in the works regarding such a scheme, unfortunately
Yes, the owner organized it for the picture for the karma. The dog allegedly brought it to her for treats I don’t think anyone implied the dog organized the trash
Almost for me! It had ancient stone walls built by 17th/18th century farmers and of course, the stream. But the property was way over budget. We’d be truly house poor with way to many funds allocated for mortgage
i like the emoji cloud. haven't seen that before. very cute
Not in haddam, sorry ;)
This is juicy. Its quite clear that if the warren and sanders camps unite, its all over for "establishment" They will attempt to turn you against eachother, the two candidates who are closest to eachother on every issue relative the other corporate-heavy candidates. not gonna work
Eh she’ll figure it out and move in with him anyway when push comes to shove
im only counting seven here
ah bingo. thank you for the correction, I especially forgot the functional backbone rule and I'm gonna blame lack of coffee for methoxy dumbness ;) &amp;#x200B; cheers
Letterkenny vs sexy shimmy
actually i could go for some cheese
amazing
[or you can get the croc clogs](https://www.lyst.com/shoes/balenciaga-clogs-gum-logo-rose/?product=QBCDABF&amp;link_id=550784122&amp;_country=US&amp;size=6&amp;show_express_checkout=true&amp;atc_medium=cpc&amp;atc_content=USA-PLA-Balenciaga%2BHeels-Clothing%2B%2526%2BAccessories%2B%253E%2BShoes%2B%253E%2BHigh%2BHeel%2BShoes-CSS%2BVacherin-yes&amp;atc_country=USA&amp;atc_source=google&amp;atc_grouping=Google-PLA-EXPRESS&amp;atc_campaign=USA-PLA-EXPRESS&amp;atc_type=pla&amp;sem_id=A1028397404&amp;gclid=CjwKCAiA35rxBRAWEiwADqB374CzQRU2qK80xbbfMOBLRLRXezmTVC171auS5PCx2aKn5C9fXesxzhoCkMUQAvD_BwE)
they want to leave those states.
i still blame the cubs winning the world series. whatever goat loving asshat went back in time to fix that game is what caused the butterfly effect to enable trump to win in the three critical states
mcturtle: i move to table. slowly.
Thanks for wasting everyone’s time dr oz
Explains why he repeats himself so much. It’s the echo
“strengthening or boosting” your immune system is bogus hack marketing used to sell you vitamins. There’s no such thing. A functional immune system doesn’t have a strength rating. But everyone runs around and try’s to tel you a bunch of subjective nonsense about this one trick to having shorter colds or fewer flus.
Target is another one. Its like MILF central in there with the fantastic deals on diapers, formula, baby food, and housewares ideal for people in that phase of their life. I got a TV at target this year instead of best buy or related stores.
Bacon! Bacon! Only one thing smells like bacon and that’s BACON!
If you’re really a paladin you take +3 to hit on thotts
I make window sheds. Two wall segments and a door around the sheet rope: the two wall segments get barricades (2 planks inside, two outside) for line of sight: the door is facing the window so you should see/hear zombies banging. Create similar sheds for generators
Same. Liz will probably be Vice President even after the stupid cnn inspired beef
They’d probably give him a psychic aspect. Ravenor becomes a blue ghost dude that has to stay close to his box and none of his friends see his aspect
You're welcome.
people were rooting for the virus when ebola was happening, frankly.
You saved us! Thank you! The human eye can only see 30 FPS *cringe*
the old adage 'if it flies, floats, or fucks its cheaper to rent than buy' applies here.
The exciting thing about bernie surging in these two states is that hes already building ground game in the super tuesday states. He's been way ahead of the other candidates for months.
the detail from women in new hampshire and the precipitous drop for warren and all that support moving to bernie was an eye opener for me. this is after the "u said 2 yrs ago that girls cn't be persedent" CNN gamble. doesn't look like it worked.
I would not could not in the night I could not would not with no light I do not like this door at all It would make me want to slap them all
That’s a blast from the past
people keep talking about this problem but I have no experience with it in thousands of hours played. I am just not sure which function is actually a problem. I have boarded up buildings and noted no special attraction to boards vs unboarded windows. Zombies wandering through an area that encounter a structure will stand there and bang on it until its broken, but thats about the closest thing I can note to the reported phenomenon.
&gt; Donald fucking Trump. hey guys i just woke up from a 5 year coma and it seems like a lot of people are talking about Donald Trump. Haha thats weird he was such a joke before the accident. is he doing an andy kauffman bit or something?
A Plea for the Horizontally Organized There is nothing intrinsically disabling about being left-handed, but when the world is organized for right-handers, it can be a real handicap. Consider the chairs one finds in university lecture halls, with little fold up desktops on the right side for taking notes. A left-hander has to write with the left elbow dangling in mid-air, or turn all squeezed around in her seat, with her elbow where the right-hander puts the notebook and her notebook on the narrow back of the desk where the right-hander puts his elbow. We might call being left- handed a situational handicap; in situations where things are set up with right- handed people in mind, being left-handed is a disadvantage. I am not left-handed, but I have another less well-known situational handicap. I am a horizontal organizer in a world set up for vertical organizers. The main mark of a vertical organizer is the ability to make use of filing cabinets. These people use filing cabinets to store materials in that they intend to use just an hour or a day or a week later. When they need that stuff again, they reach into the filing cabinet, pull out the folder and resume working on it. It probably seems pretty silly to the vertical organized reader for me to be going on and on about how filing cabinets are used, but I think the horizontal organizers may never have actually realized how the other half lives and may find this account completely incredible, so let me go on for a minute. Yesterday I was working on a letter to the Palo Alto Medical Clinic explaining why my bill is screwed up and I don't owe them as much money as they think I do. It's pretty complicated stuff, and I didn't finish by the time I had to leave. A vertical organizer would have scooped this stuff up, and put it in a file to retrieve later. Had I done this, there would be a bare spot on my desk. These bare spots are the mark of vertical organizers. They are a dead give away. Now of course that is not what I did at all. I left the letter on the desk, with the materials spread out. Actually, it is not exactly on the desk, because some other ongoing projects were already be spread there; the letter and supporting documents are on top of half-graded papers, half-written lectures, half-read brochures and the like. The fact is, I am a horizontal organizer. I like all the things I am working on spread out on a surface in front of me, where they can beckon me to continue working on them. When I put something in a file, I never see it again. The problem isn't that I can't find it (although that has happened), but that I don't look. I am constitutionally incapable of opening a filing cabinet and fishing out a half-finished project to resume working on it. I do use filing cabinets. They are for a) storing finished things that one plans never to look at again and b) putting things that one would feel bad about throwing away but has no intention of reading. Say an old colleague sends you a long boring paper that she has just finished. It would be unfeeling and mean to throw it away; one would no doubt have to lie the next time one saw the person. But if one puts the essay in a filing cabinet one can say, "Yes, it's in my file of things to read this summer". All this implies is that one has a file labeled "Thing to read this summer" and that one put the paper in it, so one is not really telling a lie, even if the chances of reading the paper this summer (or any summer, fall, winter or spring) are nil. Now looking as it does, my desk is likely to attract critical comments from vertical organizers. These people tend to think that a desk piled high with paper is the sign of a disorganized person. But this isn't so. It's like looking at a left- handed student all squashed up taking note on one of those desks and thinking that they are uncoordinated. The problem is that they are at a situational disadvantage. And that is the problem for horizontal organizers, too. The whole world is set up to help keep vertically organized people on top of things, through the use of filing cabinets. All horizontally organized people have are desks, the tops of filing cabinets, nearby chairs and the floor. If some thought were put into a good document storage and retrieval system for horizontally organized people, we could be as organized and neat as anyone else. Here is my idea. Instead of a desk, I would like to have a very large lazy susan in my office. A lazy susan is a thing like one has at the large tables at Chinese restaurants. A large circular platform sits above the table, covering most of it, just leaving enough room for the plates of the diners around the edge. The various dishes are put on the lazy susan, which can be spun (at a low speed, unless on wants mui gai pan all over one's shirt), so that each diner has access to each dish. I think something about fifteen feet in diameter would be about right for my office. My whole life would be spread out on this lazy susan. It could have little pie shaped areas that are labeled with letters of the alphabet. When I had gotten as far as I could with the letter to the Medical Clinic I would have just turned the lazy susan around to the right quadrant and placed the materials there. (I suppose the right letter would be "M" for "Medical". Maybe "C" for "Clinic". Or maybe "L" for "letter" or "U" for "Unfinished" or "S" for "Something I'm upset about". I'm sure that if I had a lazy susan I would get the knack of making this sort of decision.) With my projects laid out on my lazy susan, they would each have a claim on my attention that they could never have if they were filed away. And yet they would be neatly organized, just as organized as if I were a vertical organizer. Admittedly, a fifteen foot lazy susan would take up lot of space in my office, which is sixteen foot square. I kind of imagine myself like people I have seen in photos of model railroad clubs. The whole room is taken up with the board for the train --- little towns, paper mache mountains, and lots of track running everywhere. The operator ducks under all of this and pops up in the middle somewhere. Since lazy susans are round and my office is square, my chair would presumably be in one the spaces left in the corners. I could come in, crawl under the lazy susan to the corner, and pop up ready to work as efficiently and neatly as a vertically organized person. I could also wear one of those denim engineer caps like model railroaders do, although I suppose that is not strictly necessary to make the system work.
This is great when you’re young but once you hit your mid thirties it’s like hold off baby I really gotta tinkle By your fifties you’re already awake because your prostate is the size of a grapefruit and you peed three times last night
Jesus Christ If you dont have a million for retirement after working a six fig job for 50 years you’re not saving anything
Oh hay and California moved up it’s timeline for the primary so it’s not an afterthought I bet Bernie turnout spikes based on people I know from California
In terms of sheer numbers Kentucky wins. By fraction, probably Wyoming
He loved him until he didn’t kiss the ring
Trillions
The dragon toys are family heirlooms!
Either way you shake it sounds like a lot of minors
I wonder if everyone has a clear enough understanding of reproductive biology to immediate understand that same night of conception could lead to different birthdays. Like two people with different birthdays are they seriously going to be like omg our parents had a threesome? I don’t know. If they had the same birthday they might think that right off the bat but people don’t realize already that the ovulation insemination and implantation can all have a range of times. Basically unless they thought real hard about it it might not occur to them that it could have been a threesome.
What the pop did you just tarts about me, you little toaster strudel? I'll have you know I graduated top of my class in the PopTarts, and I've been involved in numerous secret raids on Annies Toaster Pastries, and I have over 300 confirmed eaten poptarts. I am trained in Vanilla and I'm the top raspberry in the entire US poptart lineup. You are nothing to me but just another poptart. I will pop you the tart out with precision the likes of which has never been seen before on this Earth, mark my fucking poptarts. You think you can get away with popping my tarts over the Internet? Think again, poptart. As we pop I am tarting my secret network of toasters across the USA and your IP is being traced right now so you better prepare for the defrost cycle, poptart. The defrost cycle that gently warms your interior so the regular cycle renders you golden brown and delicious at the exact moment your interior becomes delicously warmed. You're toasted, kid. I can be anywhere, anytime, and I can cook a poptart in over one way, and that's just with my bare toaster. Not only am I extensively trained in the culinary arts, but I have access to the entire toaster of the South Central Highschool Cafeteria Kitchen and I will use it to its full extent to wipe your toaster strudel goo off the face of my face, you little poptart. If only you could have known what unholy retribution your little "clever" poptart was about to bring down upon you, maybe you would have popped your fucking tart. But you couldn't, you didn't, and now you're paying the price, you goddamn toaster strudel. I will strawberry smores all over you and you will drown in it. You're a poptart, harry
ISSALOT ISSALOT ISSALOT! (its only a model.) shh. KNIGHTS, I BID YOU WELCOME TO YOUR NEW HOME LET US DOCK WITH ISSALOT
i almost never seem to start there. most of my starts have been in the trailer park lately. I find myself mostly using trash bags to loot there until i set off the first alarm.
join us at /r/lazy fellow non musterers
having seen the zombie movies the most unappealing people to be around in polite society are the ones that seem to survive in the greatest number
how did the zombie get you whilie you were inside the car? broken window?
it would be hilarious if it had a full implementation of DOSBOX and we could raid toystores and computerstores to find videogames, explicitly various abandonware titles. Game start is July 1993 this means one could download abandonware titles and literally run them through the dosbox implementation shell and run sid meiers civilization, sim ant, sim farm, sim earth, oregon trail, rogue, the incredible machine, where in the world is carmen sandiego, and thats just a few of the ones I found on a list of top downloads of abandonware. this would be hilarious.
Trump administration really looking for a win Mixes the vaccine with hydroxychloroquine by executive order at last minute
At first I though, oh well sure I’ve got mul-6 inches!!!! My word. My half to 1 inch of wood chips might not be doing it (mostly ornamental mulch. The wood chips sure are pretty but they’re not six inches deep by any means. The strawberries are a new planting and are being established In one bed this year so I’m picking all the flowers until we leave for this trip. Five of the established asparagus survived last years ownership transition. I only harvested a bit this year (they didn’t seem very vigorous) and I’m letting the ferns grow up now, maybe a bit early, because I’d like them to do better next year. I can certainly apply more mulch! I am worried the trip is going to drift longer based on this evenings discussions. We’re driving and I suspect we could end up gone for as long as 12 days because we’re taking the 1.5 year old to see great grandmas in Illinois(!) and grandmas and grandpas in ky and tn. Probably 5 days on the road
no no she just went to live on a beautiful farming world where she spawn camps heretics every day!
indeed. from afar the chin line of the dolls head looks like a mouth and is way more horrifying
are we still doing phrasing? no? heh. dangerzone.
if every item in the game was rolling through that it would be better :D
i reject the numbers of quadrillions on a single planet. in the quote from watchers of the throne my only suggestion is that the speaker failed math. its silly. the waste heat emitted by that many people would render the surface molten. yeah ok maybe theres a magical air conditioner to cool the planet. still dumb. you don't need a quadrillion people on terra to have all the grim darkness already there. Might as well say eleventy brazillian
no lets say 7 billion today. times 133 thats 931 billion, or about a trillion. a quadrillion is a thousand trillion by my reckoning (i know brits do something funny with million/billion). so a quadrillion is &gt;142,000 times the current population. its just plain silly [this is how i learned to quadrillion](https://orteil.dashnet.org/cookieclicker/) edit: i will never understand why europeans use decimal points for commas and commas for decimal points in numbers. ugh
thats the definition of rino
1.Horus: rides around on a chariot 2.Leman Russ: Hates tanks. Prefers to watch ballet. Not very good at ballet. Uses tanks. 3.DELETED FROM IMPERIAL RECORDS, DAMNATIO MEMORIAE IN PERPETUAM 4.Ferrus Manus: put thrusters on the arms and feet of his power armor. Got made fun of by Roboute. 5.Fulgrim: mostly he just polishes his sword. a lot. like more than is healthy. 6.Vulkan. he gets knocked down, and he gets up again, you're never gonna keep him down he gets knocked down, and he gets up again, you're never gonna keep him down he gets knocked down, and he gets up again, you're never gonna keep him down he gets knocked down, and he gets up again, you're never gonna keep him down 7.Rogal Dorn: He wears headphones that constantly play Eye of the Tiger. 8.Roboute Guilliman: Nothing Roboute actually does matters. Its always people who ignore his directives that are pivotal to the battle. 9.Magnus the Red: Wields a blue sword. Wishes he had a green sword. 10.Sanguinius: ever had that torture where they tickle your balls with a feather? no? me either 11.Lion El'Jonson: pushes his uncle off a cliff 12.Perturabo: will whine you to death 13.Mortarion: I heard you like plagues so I put a plague marine in your plague tank so you can plague while you plague 14.Lorgar: Oh daddy you're so dreamy style 15.Jaghatai Khan: Not like a little bitch 16.Konrad Curze: Like a little bitch 17.Angron: ANGRYSTYLE 18.DELETED FROM IMPERIAL RECORDS, DAMNATIO MEMORIAE IN PERPETUAM 19.Corax: If theres one thing dog people and cat people can agree on, its that bird people are weird 20.Alpharius Omegon: why are you hitting yourself? why are you hitting yourself? why are you hitting yourself?
looks like an atlas moth. the quintessential "i don't need a mouth, all I need is genitals" moth
If it wasn’t broken nuclear weapons should totally make concentric cliffs
It's always been you.
Yeah but he got the biggest health reform in history done in that time and the republican pushback against anyone daring to do that again curtailed his power for the next six years
I move away from the cops to breathe in
the updated vanilla maps have lots more sheds and garages. Storage units have them frequently. I very seldom, if ever, find them in warehouses. i don't see a single shed on that map, but its potato quality so its hard to be sure. I might see a storage unit complex but im not sure (its like the self-storage buildings)
We are ALL wooshed on this blessed day!
melting permafrost. thats what appears to have caused the tank to go. This is one of the dark horsemen of the apocalypse, methane shotgun and all that. the permafrost goes, and with it all that shit starts to rot and go methane. im gonna start stockpiling peanutbutter and hope the waters don't reach us and that my longitude is not rendered uninhabitable
ugh it is so frustrating, i hate vreddit, i tried to crosspost this there I'm not an approved submitter
If there’s one thing dog and cat people can agree on, it’s that bird people are weird
one thing i broke with my lazy brethren on is i no longer order pizza. i do like me a pizza hut pan pizza, but don't order it. the other pizza places in my area are horrible, it is apparently a greek style that is popular here and its like someones cat barfed library paste on imitation foccacia. i bought a couple pizza peels (including the fabric style) and a pizza stone, and a mixer for making the dough. I can even make individual frozen pizzas and they're great by parbaking the crust and they're great.
i like kamala but she can't really deliver a state, nor does she appeal to a demographic not already won by The_Joe.
holy shit the deep state has gone international folks
We gotta get these people out before deepfakes become undetectable
More realistically just the fraternal order of police donation page
holy shit things like the kav vote are all scripted by the party . it was gonna pass so she got to vote no, but they made collins vote yes hes attacking ... i ... the party ... words .... i don't see how hes still in power
the federal government had the position that covid19 was the next big democrat hoax after the impeachment hoax at that time.
i can hear the egg go "splort"
theres a bloke that was at 100k a few years back theres always someone with a bigger stack ;)
But five gs means they can track what you think about too
My, grandma, what big teeth you have The better to munch you with, my pretty!
luckily you can continue with broken arms
DONT TAZE ME SONNY
I think that’s the time the mayor is supposed to fire the chief of police and install a new one. Maybe I watched too much TV but that seems within the mayors power
I wonder if there is a vote fraud ring involving cops going to battleground states to vote. I doubt many republicans would go from Minnesota to Florida to vote, it’s not exactly next door. Did the department pay the trip? I’m interested to learn more
can confirm. Migi is comic relief in the English version. I don’t think that was intended
I acquired a long extension cord, heavy duty, very long It was braided in some weird way. I’d never seen the like. I’m sure there was some Eagle Scout way to make it unwrap, but I’m way to lazy to care about that
OK then have I got a treat for you. [Open this link in a new tab](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=chhksy7wmWY)
people don't like it when I say lockdown is heaven but lockdown is kinda HEAVEN
is it just me or does march 2019 feels like a billion years ago?
I would ban stickers on fruit.
username relevant
i love it when a guy g
Brie, will you be my Gorgonzola?
how is the think
praying mantis! &amp;#x200B; lil fucker can suddenly eat your face
Cheap and soon
It’s mostly wishful thinking We’re in for solar and batteries for most of the earth. There is no market for mass market hydrogen. Once you transition transport and put solar on roofs, add some modest storage. You’ve knocked out enough co2 production that it doesn’t matter if a few industries use it (fossil) for convenience. example, extreme north may have liquid fuel benefits. air transport has liquid fuel benefits. i look forward to doing entirely dirigible-based robotic cargo container shipping but that may be a ways off. Just my 2c
make sure you connect the negative and positive ends of the chicken correctly or it won't charge
living in cities can make some people deeply angry about things involving driving
what subs have you been hanging out in? I shitpost all over reddit, including /r/politics, big mistake there, and attacks are pretty uncommon. Big subs get big traffic so it pays to temper ones comments a bit. everything else is just timing.
/r/justrolledintotheshop
he was not yet very political, but he was on the apprentice so he was on tv a lot
maybe it would be the Eye of Golden Awesomeness Forever
its not just counterproductive. joe has found himself on the leading edge of a bluenami here. even my boomer father has gone democratic and is donating to democratic causes this year. its insane. words i never thought id say. going on a disband the police tangent is probably not exactly even what the movement wants. It would not make sense for joe biden to go on some defund the police crusade. minneapolis might do it, we'll see what happens when their city council has to address all the same problems. one proposal that I saw that I liked was that a lot of the work currently performed by armed officers like traffic stops, auto collisions, etc, would go to a transit agency. cops would not do parking enforcement, that would go to someone else. why do you need armed police officers to write parking violations? most police action requires no guns so why should those officers be armed. that would let you do more specific training to those officers who are armed, especially related to deescalation.
if it went on another 4 years I was wondering if he'd go down as the last us president in history
i know everyone likes these people. i do too. im on team warren but its gonna be kamala folks, and if its not ill eat a potato in fries form- put my potato where my mouth is
you are sad but i am hopeful. i can now have this hair for myself
it was actually a product placement ad &amp;#x200B; "Increase your chances of survival with the AR15" &amp;#x200B; back when superbowl commercials *meant something*
The algorithm just knows from your search trends that you need to wash your snizz a little better
oh i thought i could buy the hairpiece
these corona cures aren't gonna discover themselves
in retrospect I suppose the homeless dude *was* an absolute unit
sex sells and if you're hunting karma before selling your account to foreign influencers this is one way to bulk it up
ugh everybody forgets about Mike, Ethan.
At least your memories haven't turned to dust!
im too busy with the animal crossing 40k total conversion mod to lend a hand, sorry
i love playing jokes on my freinds
I was shocked they stuck with it. It’s a labor of love to be sure. I wondered if it would have been easier to rebuild in unity or something from scratch than to do what they did
It seems like running this scam on the primary is bad optics before the election
Oh what I wouldn’t give for a slice of Ma’ gran’s pie Strawberry rhubarb
F-tier
Side note: the fallout on police unions is interesting. We see our unions busted and broken all the time and this has hurt the worker But police unions have thrived and the way they protect cops against their misconduct it’s easy to see why
Yeah well I’m telling you about it now you sniveling little twit. THIS is why we gave you a chance to vote remove. It wasn’t even weeks before he started in with this shit I don’t like pence but he wouldn’t be tweeting white supremacy conspiracy tweets Anti- fascist sounds like a group I want to fucking join, too bad it’s not really an actual centralized group
i have four rhubarb plants and i grew them organically with no pesticide and natural sundlight. they didn't grow for shit. Next year, i'm gonna force em all right
my grandmother (she is a treasure) tells me the months flutter by like days used to
dont believe it for a second. he visited a black market barber in march and has been clubbing with nessie and Dr. Chupacabra ever since
inebriation is already in, so it should be quite doable. I think it should have a variety of effects, instaed of just being a panic eraser perhaps a panic easeing agent will be more appropriate. Getting blazed and then going on a murder spree doesn't really fit. plus, it should cause some anxiety? hehe
with how quickly he put together a complete impeachment, i definitely do not think schiff has been idle.
i supect this whole blow up and protest movement put the nail in her coffin. harris is the one to watch- they probably really liked her and are poring over her record in even-more-excruciating detail right now
not a huge problem considering his seat. i think he's make a terrific AG as he's the one who prosecuted impeachment.
this kind of discussion definitely gets at the fundamental underpinnings of the sub. rather than argue about it, i think we should all just post more poptart related memes
also looking at 538, donald trumps approval rating during his honeymoon peaked at 47.8% on Jan 25, 2017, the fifth day of his presidency. His honeymoon ended two days later, when he reached 44.1% on Jan 27, 2017. He did not reach that level again until the rally-round-the-flag effect of the coronavirus pandemic boosted him to 45.8% in early march, and its gone nowhere but down ever since.
death to trees because they make me hate my sinuses
keep wearing them. &amp;#x200B; i think the us is going to transition to a masks all the time in public being much more accepted. Fuck everyone else. &amp;#x200B; At the start of the pandemic, I was wearing a respirator- but i put a more traditional mask on top of it- for the looks. It looks like a shoddy surgical mask or the later cloth ones we made, but underneath during the pandemic was my leftover n95;s from last years fires. I don't actually have bad allergies, but I know how bad they are. I'm putting in a new filter system for my house. COMFORT IS CRITICAL. No one is on their deathbed and says "man i wish i didn't spend so much money on comfort for my whole life" cheers and stay happy!
i seen ur tiny face on me zoomz and falled maidly in lerve with youse gaise
&gt; "NO MURDER HORNET DEATHS IN THE US THANKS TO YOURS TRULY" being tweeted are really high. all we had to do was rake oregon and bing bing bing billions and billions
the music is terrific on the video
im ridin' with biden
i've been worried about that for a long time. i also grew up republican and it was really my foray into libertarianism right before the great recession that drove me out its gotten wackier and wackier
Funny enough a space elevator on mars is a MUCH less daunting engineering challenge than on earth because of the vastly lower gravity. That said, a sky hook is WAYYYYY easier on mars because it would be substantially less material. Good stuff
Isn't it so much easier to eat lettuce if you grow your own? We have wood sorrel growing in the garden as a weed, so i've been taking those and chive blossoms and making delicious salads. Soon we might even get raspberries...
those look great! Mine are a mess. I moved into a new place with a large garden, and it had fallen into disrepair. The raspberries were a nightmare. I suppose i was supposed to harvest all canes that bore fruit last year- didn't happen. What I did in early spring was basically knock everything way back, got rid of all the prickly debris and ancient dead overgrown stuff, cut anything I knew for sure had fruit on it last year (it was hard to do this after winter), remove anything that had grown into the deer fence, and then trimmed remaining canes to chest height. It recently bloomed and there are a number of clusters of green berries on it, so thats a positive! I am going to work very hard to remove all fruit-bearing canes this year. Its very difficult to manage the row and they put it next to the deer fence, so maintenance and harvest is difficult. There are runners everywhere.
thank you for the comments! luckily, we have nicely neutral and soft water, so im not a risk factor for that. im not sure how old the tank is, though. i considered dropping the \~2k to have the new tank put in, but now im thinking i shoudl really just do it myself before it becomes a pressing issue.
Where should I start? I love sci fi and I’m a prat virgin
Steamer bags of veg are much more expensive than just cutting up a head of broccoli and steaming that in the microwave - I went on a psychotic broccoli kick a few years back and did some math at the time. Get a deep bowl, add a little water, cube the stems and put them in the water, then put the broccoli on top. Add some salt and broth if you are so inclined. Cover with a plate and microwave 4 min, leave in the microwave and additional 1-2 min Drain and cover with black pepper
Good brag Updoots for everyone
I only get out of cars.
go go Taylor you’re our girl
he answered this question and stood pretty strongly against whats going on and gave a kind of hell no im not pardoning anyone. I think he's fucking pissed trump has dismantled his and baracks 8 years of work
maybe if we eat them we can gain this power for ourselves
eh i ordered my sign today i'm ridin' with biden
see, the problem is the pollution controls
lets ya know your beans are workin'
ive never seen a hopper that didn't look hungry :)
their band could have taken off literally at any moment. don't you see how unreasonable you were being
well now china is the de facto center of global leadership so yes, in a sense, we're all kinds of fucked
dont want to help us invade iraq for reasons? "freedom fries"
It was a fantastic deal
i wonder if police departments are shipping officers off to vote in swing states as a pattern and if its paid for by the department seems awfully coincidental if its JUST derek chauvin
mosquitos don't swarm like this, i don't think- its usually midges or other flies.
hes on every channel
haha that would be the cleanest part of my power setups
just thinking about it is cheating. you have to go tell her now.
If you get bookmod you can read bram stokers Dracula
12 % That’s how much water use is municipal. Lawns, gardens, leaky faucets The fight is over the state not letting farmers literally drain the aquifers- extraction is way too high The farmers will irrigate themselves to poverty if you let them
gop sob
i paid something like 15 bucks like 8 years ago for this game while it was super early pre-alpha. not exactly a huge investor. we;re used to it. im sure you'll be able to play with your grandkids in the next version, try not to worry about it! :D
I couldn’t find it in an easy search because of course all the titles were like “look it’s another one!” I’ll see what I can do though
vote like you're five behind! :D
you gotta post the design!
this thing is awesome and i would totally want to drive my kids to school in this to make them miserable
How much was it worth (in units of vodka please)
This is a new feature in new reddit. Highlight their name and then hit alt+f4
&gt; 14,429/usd found the time traveler from dec 2017. or jan 2018
ooo tough words mr internet tough guy! Yes those south koreans, they endangered everyone! so irresponsible, those south koreans, according to that article from Feb 27. So two countries that do not hold the status as sole world superpowers are your evidence that the US really found itself in just a no-win situation in January and I guess everyone did everything they could have done the best they could. Lets compare outcomes from those countries to ours US as of today (shutdown needed): Confirmed 2.2M (+23,047 today) Recovered 687K Deaths 119K (+739 today) &amp;#x200B; South Korea as of today (no shutdown needed): Confirmed 12,198 Recovered 10,774 Deaths 279 &amp;#x200B; and for the record, germany as of today (shutdown needed): Confirmed 190K (+345 today) Recovered 174K Deaths 8,927 (+30 today) The numbers aren't much better when you look per capita, either. The big difference? south korea got right to work right away on testing and tracing. They were hit by MERS a few years back, a coronavirus, and their leadership was severely punished in the elections for it. So they got their shit together and responded immediately, without months of "its all a big democratic hoax, a little flu." Whether you like it or not, the US response was a joke. But thats what you get when you elect a joke to lead a party thats interested only in looting their own treasury and dissolving global US leadership. Well, unfurl the mission accomplished banner on that one.
Don't fall to pieces over this.
chiming in for the trifecta!
fake chocolate?
its both
they actully said "fasteriskasteriskasterisk you i don't know who you think you are but you can kiss my ass basteriskasteriskasteriskasteriskasterisk" i mean thats how i talk
I came for Elon but I come for Truno
we're gonna go vat grown meat for the mass market and artisinal sustainable for everything else. its inevitable yes there will be potentially billions who never taste meat from an animal that lived. i call that a win?
At this point I wonder if they bother to have a convention Not all press is good press
i autoresolved every single combat in SOTS. never once played a battle.
i confess i never liked galciv2. i tried and tried. i think i bought it 3x before i got it on steam. hate the map.
Same demo. I was a little younger at 27 Something about that age range for middle class white men is really susceptible to libertarianism I ultimately decided that libertarianism is a fairly naive and self centered world view and now I’m a bleeding heart card carrying member of the aclu
dammit jim, im a doctor, not a carrot farmer!
I can’t make direct comparisons for intensity and scope because I’m no where near trump mailers but Bernie asked for and got a lot of monies
buy why go to home depot when you can just stay at home?
I feel like as a starting player this business about shove voles and hatches is very hypothetical. Instead, you should just run massive amounts of mealwood, eat it raw, and forget that food exists. there should be enough dirt on rime, isn't there? like hundreds of tons? Mealwood requires nothing but dirt. For rime i build a little insulated box, and put some farm tiles above the insulation. I first run a bunch of space heaters to get the space uniformly comfortable, then grow the mealwood. This way, the tiles heat up and that gives enough thermal inertia to keep the room warm. I build it so its full of CO2 that can't escape/get breathed, keep the dirt in a storage box by the door, and enter from the top. I think 40 mealwood will do 10 dupes forever. For a regular colony i just build a shitload of mealwood and forgeet about it for 150 turns. That gives you time to really learn the other important mechanics and then you're well-enabled to start farming sleet wheat or mushrooms. &amp;#x200B; ive been playing the game a long time and never got around with messing with shove voles. you gotta dig like all the wa y to space? its just a lot more work than figuring out what food to make next.
I have been known to use compostable plates
/r/scriptedbucketgifs
There is a finite probability a cat will quantum mechanically tunnel accross the wall
I think there will always be a place for the real thing. Even if lab grown meat is successful, I'm quite skeptical that its going to replace a good steak. But I think there is a possibility we can take the real stuff in a more artisinal/humane direction and replace some of the massive scale bulk products (eg mass market hamburger, chicken for chicken nuggets, fish sticks) with lab grown and vegetarian food. Importantly, we want the population of earth to eat MORE protein
im working on responses to a lot of these comments but I find all kinds of things I don't like in many of them. We all know that you aren't supposed to eat only meat, but people react to even the supposition that maybe its not totally poison with all kinds of incorrect information. To support your thesis that meat is bad for you, you included a string of bogus information. This is extremely typical of the other replies to my post. The average american eats 4.8 ounces of meat per day, not a pound, so like 1/4th the amount you suggested. Your classification of meats as fast food/grocery/grass fed is completely bogus from a nutritional standpoint. And evolutionarily speaking, humanity evolved at the interface between forest and savannah and were predominantly nomadic hunter-gatherers. In this lifestyle, you walk across terrain with your family, and then you find a berry bush. You sit there and eat every berry on that bush. You then move on and find a rhino carcass. You and your family sit there for three days and fight the hyenas for as much of that rhino as you can chew before the buzzards drive you off. This binging-based lifestyle is what we evolved to have- it should come as no surprise that with modern agricultural society some people struggle with negative effects of this evolved binging. None of what I am saying is meant to serve as a justification for people to eat too much meat. I just wish we would stop with the bogus mumbo jumbo.
but calories are essential. Again, i think your comment is reflective of our collective knee-jerk response to these these highly loaded terms. Healthy, unhealthy, and fast food- we've been conditioned to react to them in specific ways. While I was typing this response I got 5 or 6 additional responses blaming meat for type 2 diabetes (burgers are usually not so rich in nitrates), cancer (they're mostly talking about barbeque there, its the smoking and again the nitrates), intestinal problems (vague; i poop fine but i don't eat only meat), Many people struggle with certain types of foods, and that causes problems. we then overcompensate. this colors the langauge. i said in the post that it should not be all you eat; but all the replies seem to be strongly against the idea of eating nothing but burgers. but even if you did, what are you really missing? as long as those tomatoes and lettuce are on there you're even getting enough vitamin C to stave off scurvy! Ok, not a lot to write home about there.
\&gt; No offence but you can literally look around you and know it isn't true that people only eat 2400 calories a day and that is an entirely different problem than hamburgers, which goes to my previous point. It is the human tendency to eat too many of them that is unhealthy, not the burger itself. There is nothing wrong with the food. If you eat it you will digest it and turn it into poop. if you eat a billion of them you will digest it and turn it into a billion poops (and some lovehandles, probably) No doubt that burgers are very convenient. But I'm not sure what the endgame here. Maybe we aught to make burgers illegal because some people abuse them. Thats a very slippery slope ndeed. What are you going to make illegal next? Crack cocaine?! OVER MY DEAD BODY.
floor hot
did you know that freezers have a defrost function? this drips condensate into a pan under the fridge. If the tube for the condensate is blocked, the freezer will get jammed with ice. The pan just sits at the bottom. and dries out.
It’s not impossible to take partial action
The only number I get annoyed about is quadrillions if humans on holy terra It’s a silly number. Might have well said 142 Brazilian.
Minimum to prevent inbreeding is only 50surprisingly. Genetic drift prevention requires 500 It’s the 50/500 rule
Oh I mean he needed to be impeached back then for sure. He’s literally the worst
Down All the Way to the Nuts: A Retrospective
&gt; He absolutely could improve his polls if he just: &gt; &gt; 1) Increase testing, health care and home isolation funding. &gt; &gt; 2) Invest in infrastructure to employ the jobless. too late its been infrastructure week since the O.o lady was running the briefings
They’re probably really mad, though
Ct is pretty awesome though?
*and what do we want? Four more years! 8 more years! 12 more years!*
They wouldn’t have put bounties on them if they were in the g7
