Wasn't it Lakers own design tho?
What if he poisons it with some strong substance? (taking antidote in advance of course)
Ingram has improved in every stats category you mentioned
Lou's drifting shot is the thing that never stops to amaze me. Korver and Redick can make similar ones, but Sweet Lou is undisputed king of drifters.
I only heard it from Dunc'd On podcast
shoot it you fucking midget!
smh such a disrespect to [the prettiest French player in NBA history](https://i.imgur.com/EU8x6lB.jpg)
saying you have regrets about things you said just a few months ago is kinda weak. iirc he also said recently that moving to OKC was the best thing happened to him this year or something like that
yeah, 99% of people make that mistake in every language lol
the real rejected spalsh bro Mychel Thompson also should be there
/r/nba gonna melt down when TT is good again (he's progressing well)
and you teacher should fine you for bad grades
yeah, now I recall researching that lol
I expect him to actively hurt the Nets the same way as he did with Sixers, don't let me down Jah lol
LeTaj
[yep](https://www.reddit.com/r/nba/comments/7g5p41/whats_with_fultz/dqgnuai/)
nah, that's just what you dream of after getting fucked in the ass every year
he wouldn't be a good thief if you saw him
lol at least Bargnani didn't get a 5 year max
the *biggest* was definitely Mozgov
He's just fucking with us
JVG would talk about any shit but the actual game
that weakens their bargaining position by lowering his trade value tho
he is not half Spanish, just moved there at young age and applied for citizenship
Damn it always felt like Soth Sudan was free forever
Source: [cleaningtheglass by Ben Falk](https://twitter.com/bencfalk/status/949318327654068225)
yeah, I was annoyed that JVG missed that cause he was bitching about something else atm, as usual
biggest whatif
double negative, he's taking everything indeed.
Argentina has a population of 40 million, it's not that surprising
lol dude actively avoids being fouled while playing
&gt;Today again he went 3-7 from 3, with some of them way behind the arc "some" is exactly one, other two were corner threes.
Did Lowry die?
yeah, I mean it's still not the same situation as Lebron/Kyrie compared to what OP claims
yep, Ball boys have theoretical chance to get schooled by Beno Udrih and Axel Toupane
what's the current total East vs West score?
Pistons should pair him with Boban. Bogut's fluent Croatian is the key for quick chemistry here
that's ambiguous to say the least
Lakers don't need no shooting, they need Lonzo, Gelo, Lebron and a couple of rebounders
and a longer neck
It's cool, but cutoff is 1280 cause Wiggins is on pace for 1280
I doubt anyone would give up two picks for a backup and starting point guard is a quite competitive position in the league. Knicks maybe?
Suns are not in a hurry, they can draft one
Delly used to be AST/TO MVP lol
Gilbert is also short himself lol
feel free to name the most recent ones, someone with talent of Motejunas or Kuzminskas
how? marking two regular games as the only reason for missing playoffs is a stretch. So Raptors only beat them once with Whiteside injured.
[Dwight Bikes](http://i.cdn.turner.com/drp/nba/hornets/sites/default/files/styles/main_gallery_photo__480_tall/public/171214_dwight-lowes_07.jpg?itok=c9MMl8Yc)
yeah, like Rondo in recent seasons
lol raptors fans bragged about that shit last year too
That's good to know cuz I recall Pistons fans here wanting him gone just yesterday. Thanks for beating the Nets anyway
people wear them at the same time on the same team, so why not?
just photoshop Mudiay's head on Brooks
I'd expect coach Bud instead lol
Agree, I'd start Jah and double his minutes.
What is Mully hearing tho?
well, MKG has more than just a hitch
is it worth for the Kings then? they got a couple of own point guards to develop
pretend like you're just mining bitcoins and it'll be ok
he took the shot (and missed it) instead of passing to PG
seems like Kyrie hasn't yet adjusted his jumpshot for Prime Meridian
Serbians could've done better in vote stuffing
by shooting 30%?
lol why do they push creationism in schools then
They might recognise it but would avoid discussing it anyway, cause it fully contradicts popular religion stories like Adam &amp; Eve or Noah's arc.
I think 9/11 should be a must for any respectable conspiracist
damn that title https://deadspin.com/5591005/americas-dumbest-student-athlete-jj-redick-duke-university
fantastic. here's the accurate description of his story: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Haywood_v._National_Basketball_Association
He maybe exaggerates but Cousins trade value basically confirms the idea.
I still wouldn't call that form "sweet", he releases the ball late, compare that to picture perfect one of someone like Klay
he also got nice designers spectacles
citing rivals on topics like this is always hilarious to me, like, who wouldn't shit on opponent?
why tho? even without LeBron they still have good chances to land PG and/or Cousins and you are definitely not destined to fail with players like these
for me he's never been below second since 2011-12. It's not only defense but athleticism in general which really separates LeBron and KD from Harden and Steph in my rankings.
He can also be a dominant defensive force when engaged
OP probably means since his returning from self-inflicted exile
would you give up Wiggins instead of him now?
this dude also argued that mid-rangers are almost as good as 3 pointers in that podcast iirc
they can leave Robin Lopez for that leadership
what's up with Kuzma? has he hit a rookie wall?
Nurkic's own playoff career comprises of 17 minutes
wow
https://www.instagram.com/scientology/
lol arena is as empty as this thread
yeah look like a parody on their shots lol
yeah I recall him being ill last season or so
he's not as athletic as DJ
I was intrigued by importance of the win over Denver Nuggets and disappointed to find out there were no any
As a foreigner I don't really know US history. Who was the last president as racist as Trump?
lol they play the same 40 minutes FIBA games as in Europe but score like twice the points
maybe the article is somehow better but the title is a mental gymnastics. No, you're not right if you picked up the worse player.
he can't, he's got the yips
I watch at his putshot and still wonder what happens when he at least tries to emulate the correct form? Does he airball everything then?
Baker's revenge game
but it doesn't make sense for the Bulls then. Favors just gonna hurt their tanking
the boat is sailing away for the Thunder tho
Ainge tapped on his shoulder
Should've used Noah's approach and offered Phil to do a pull-up on his stretched arm (or leg in DSJ case)
also good in dribbling around Lonzo
what if it's blowout and he gets a couple of minutes?
pistons always try too hard with that smoke shit lol
lol MCW
&gt;What Raptors? &gt;-JJ Redick
This will not work well for Harden's MVP chances. Old dudes who vote don't like that shit
Would he go to Ariza's preaching tho?
Last week I learned Wizards bench stands until they get first bucket
yeah, his pesky defense looks cool against opposing point guards and that's it.
sure there's that and other possibilities, the point is AB was overrated by Stevens' system and isn't worth big money
lol OP is trying to split Bill's trash with Lowe in the title
Clippers defense is better with DJ off the floor this season
IT should just focus on his current team. Let them have whatever the want to have at Boston.
\[LeBron James\] My favorite player in the draft! \#KenKanigga
yeah like that dude who lost password from his bitcoins. that pick would've been the biggest "what if" since Len Bias
they better have him to overcome the Nets
Kuzma's been trending down lately, so it's possible
I love how Porzingis quickly learned to flop on every other possession and act absolutely furious and innocent after clearly grabbing opponent's jersey but refs somehow still should be able to perform better despite all that sophisticated deceiving shit
still better than what the Heat have: no picks and bunch of mediocre contracts.
enjoy Dion experience for a foreseeable future, my friend
sure, that's why you're so cocky here. everyone knows that seed is a pure luck at winning close games. you're fucking stuck with mediocrity and reddit upvotes/downvotes won't help with that.
should work more on getting at and finishing at the rim
serious conversation about 33 year old LeBron joining a bunch of bottom dwelling kids is for lakers sub.
people bitch like additional game without Afflalo is a game changer lol
isn't it interesting his mechanics was questioned even back then?
having a record of 20-62 didn't really help, that run-and-gun Denver team was 1st in scoring tho lol
yeah I didn't get at the first moment it was about Lonzo. Could it be from his agent?
IT actually handled the ball on game winning possession (when he got FTs)
damn nobody in their minds should give significant minutes to Michael Carter-Williams
I don't get how anyone serious would visit local subs. Anyone I saw was a salt mine plus dumb homerism.
I think he might regret about that decision
they still do it but imitating a shot
material is a strong word here, he still might improve or someone else would decline, that would make him a legit all-star.
no shit he would be better than JR
I'd start him over JR
they'd be interested in Frye's expiring
yeah people mostly just want him to be good to fuck up Cavs lol
Milwaukee homecoming
what comments?
yeah I don't really get an advantage over youtube or twitter video
I'd like to see them competing in 100 meter dash with DLo
is this supposed to be a joke?
sorry the words were like "actively encouraging to make offers"
lol Knicks fans tried so hard talking themselves into "we made the right choice at the draft", no they wouldn't give up Frank for a king's ransom.
yeah his quick release should give him a good chance to win it
lol I guess Kidd leaked info to this Velazquez dude on condition of adding the part about "active managing".
good guy Giannis
I bet LeBron's gonna draft Giannis first after those comments of him
he would probably film a movie this time starring Kevin Hart
[The studio scene with Diddy](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5Q1f6Oij1NQ) was hilarious
Camera man literally did the same shit as Patrick Ewing did when he used to be Hornets assistant
yeah dude is trying to hard, but people love that
it was a 2nd rounder, not a big deal (pun intended)
man, even your own link has it: &gt;Cleveland.com’s Joe Vardon quoted a league source, who said this: “Rotations are awful. IT (Isaiah Thomas) is so much worse than Kyrie (Irving) defensively it’s insane. There is not a great feeling anywhere. They need to limp into the All-Star break and get away from each other. http://www.cleveland.com/cavs/index.ssf/2018/01/cavaliers_players_wondering_if.html
its just not possible in modern game to be a "superstar" with bad handles for a guard. you need to go back in 60s for someone like Jerry West who could only dribble with one hand
no shit, Isaiah, I wouldn't trust you defending a chair
well, he definitely wasn't the main ingredient in that lol
Nobody singles him out as the cause of all troubles. Dude just talks a bit too much while not really being an authority on the matter
sure he doesn't know or forgot for the moment about the mic.
it's because this sub is full of kids and everything is black and white for them, also recency bias.
Hornets also want to unload bad salary
what's the potential return on that investment?
I guess you need more than just correct prediction of outcome for that
my bad, thought he was still injured
Isaac too I guess
he's actually a decent and fun player to watch besides his shooting
these are actually two separate and not connected sentences, OP's title is intentionally and creatively misleading lol
dude, stop bullshitting here, Korver doesn't say anything remotely obscure or suggestive in that video
This is just too much to ask from a person who doesn't like religion. I can empathize about shit, just not religious one
relevant username
no
Not really, they essentially swap two years of MKG with equal two years combined of Faried and Chandler, not the relief they pursue. Also doubt they'd be that excited about Juancho and Beasley, both haven't demonstrated any significant progress.
Trey Lyles instead of Beasley maybe
they'll draft one
&gt;Under president and coach Gregg Popovich and Buford, the Spurs have a two decade-long history of strong relationships with star players, but multiple sources describe Leonard and his camp as "distant" and "disconnected" from the organization. He gone
it's the plan to lure LeBron
watching him busting his ass for the Nets I could relate to them tbh
iirc gentry was supposed to make you warriors on offense
is that the same dude who's UK national team coach?
watching him being so fucking tiny is depressing tbh. I swear he looked bigger in the Celtics uniform
he looks a bit creepy
why does Joerger enjoy playing twin towers so much?
Cavs should've brought him from the bench
the only possible way to do that is Hornets-like, by giving up your star.
I watched Charlotte broadcast against Miami and they talked about fighting for the playoff spot
Except MJ, why would he talk to him otherwise?
they most likely didn't get anything even remotely attractive as an offer, so staying pat while scratching for the 8th seed is a fallback option.
this is fair for many play-by-play guys on sucking teams: Kings, Nets, Lakers
I remember how friendly he was with Kyrie at US national team camps lol
Tristan for Bogdan
yeah but for a shooting guard it's the most important. His assists numbers are also career low
it's not another, IT would be part of the trade if it's agreed on
But this isn't something crazy, you were seriously injured and should take gradual approach for returning. I don't think that would lower his market value significantly further
like, 100% chance
nah, TT's getting back to his normal shape, getting offensive rebounds and switching on guards, people just enjoy circlejerking around kardashian memes.
remember the post that Mavs are actually good team?
I feel the hate has something to do with him being Arab. There are a lot of goofballs and trash talkers in the league but it's Mejri who gets a lot of attention here
KD back at it again
can't win with these bots
yeah, Frye's expiring is the main prize for the Kings here
sorry, you just don't know shit about basketball if you believe that lol
fuck you you fat fuck
lol Kings themselves would be happy to absorb Frye's expiring to clear part of Hill's money. They only need to clear roster spots.
No, you have incentive to: 1) give his minutes to fox/bogdanovic/mason etc 2) use that cap space to take on bad contracts + picks
man you gotta use a question mark at the end of the question
lol learn how things work before arguing
who the fuck are you going to cut???
I wonder did he watch that part of the Rockets game where JVG called him out on bitching after the obvious foul?
&gt;The closet thing
What if MJ agrees to trade Kemba for him? I mean, he wants an All-Star and used to love Muggsy Bogues, right?
I still don't get why would the Kings give up Scal instead of Malachi?
There's a lot I'm sure. Andy Varejao was with us 12 seasons
That "instant boost" was 7 points on 35%FG/17%3P against the spurs.
age certainly matters at least in OP's case
Not even the third attempt, Lou managed to suck in playoffs with every team he used to be on.
I thought Gortat was a part of Big Three looking at the picture
Pistons fans were spamming that Ish should be starting over Reggie not so long ago
lol for Raptors maybe. we didn't give a shit about 1st seed a year ago.
I guess his dad had something to do with that. There were reports about him considering LeBron's people as "enemies"
not a problem to have a couple nowadays
I dunno, would Horford sacrifice his knee for the team tho?
lol I remember him doing absolutely random AMA here like a couple years ago
Dude's ego so big he was threatening to go under surgery just to become an alpha on his own team. Of course he would be jelly at the moment like that
yeah man, but taze for that shit???
I'm from Russia but even our shitty cops don't do that shit.
yeah, that's the reverse side of an armoured state as US
Embiid too
Oh, I thought it was about those who never played in playoffs, there's also KAT and Cousins. Big men are mostly about potential rn lol
I mean Miami won one game more than Washington.
lol you have a conspiracist mind. of course he did it, it's hard to completely make up such a crazy story
lol but you're definitely making the shit up. Griffin wasn't there after July first, and Kyrie could do that after him. And Windy actually reported at that time that he was threatening to not play, surgery is just an additional detail revealed now.
damn it's in every fucking media and he doesn't deny it cause it's a fucking turth. do whatever mental gymnastics you want to do lol
not the first time
yes
pretty sure Draymond wouldn't call him "no neck"
they'll quickly switch to "Rich Paul music" or something
Lou always sucks in playoffs
Randle is nowhere close physically to this guy tho
Fergusson looks promising, I wouldn't give him up but Knicks might demand a 1st rounder otherwise.
Jet trash talking hard lol
Valentine's day came early
yep and there was a post about Pistons having like two of the worst lineups in the league defensively
missed call by official obviously
The reasons mentioned are: 1) Low efficiency (sub 50%TS) on high usage, just does too much offenisvely 2) His defensive rebounding came to earth after last season's anomaly 3) Poor defensive metrics (RPM, Pistons are worse with him on the floor) and lack of defensive versatility due to average size and history of injuries
nah, they would've asked before if they were interested
Why do mods remove any thread criticising Avery Bradley? The one with Woj's tweet is just a giant circlejerk.
I also posted one with quote from Dunc'd on podcast as self post, also got removed.
that's not true lol buyout discount is a matter of negotiation and players typically don't lose, see Wade, Joe Johnson, Deron Williams
lol even Skip sounds reasonable there
We're not selling him low.
man imagine how excited LeBron will be when he gets to know his old buddy waiting for him in LA
no, they just want a verbal agreement in case LeBron leaves, you can't buy someone out in advance.
lol I recall someone telling about Mitch being classy and respecting anti-tampering rules in contrast to young GMs. That can only take you so far.
So now they're starving!
cause hornets are in dire situation and trading Kemba is the only possible way out.
he is slow defensively, but got great post moves
[Woj] Lou Williams trades himself to Cleveland for TT, Shump and Brooklyn picks
lol did Dwight improve spacing for Marvin's 3pt shots?
He's been good shooter for many seasons and it's inside normal variance for 3 pointers
he is, but they don't want to pay him upon Mitchell rising
Vardon trying to stir some shit even when there isn't any
How about Marcus Smart story, Bill?
I love this style of reporting when main source is "rival executive" happy to shit on his opponent
I hope Silver makes an exception for Draymond and replaces himself with Jaylen
The Bank of Cuyahoga River
Boston has all the picks
It's the eighth Boston player Doc reunited with in LA
that's what I heard, maybe that includes his former players from other teams. Those also from Boston: Big Baby, Jeff Green
Bulls need to clear the roster spot then
Lebron's wire
yeah, there are also luxury and repeater tax things. Look at the Knicks before dismissing any risks, associated with those contracts.
Sindarius Thornwell
Hand of the King
it was a fucking soul breaker when Lue put him back in the 4th
Is Juilet Litman the only girl there? If yes, then I recall being puzzled about her take that it's impossible to accurately count All-star votes sent through twitter messages (rest of the crew agreed with that).
lol I found that pod, it was Litman and John Gonzalez
yeah, buyer wouldn't even get his bird rights
Lou was on a better contract (in value)
gotta break another leg to extend it
I love kid for stepping up on Brooklyn lol
moving away the contract of that amount is close to impossible for them anyways
lol $250M is not a pocket change regardless of your intentions
I guess you should count averages for playoff teams only, otherwise it's not really winning
which GM is also desperate enough to save his job?
they said they didn't believe it's possible even besides the name thing
the price of Blake was borderline lottery pick + 2 starters + bad salary. Kemba only has one full year left and he's not a better player. Seems like Hornets won't receive any enticing offers.
Can you imagine Dwight + Noah frontcourt?
I'd prefer something like Kemba/Marvin Williams tho.
Russian empire would've included all of that + Mozgov, Zaza and Lauri
What? gtfo, I know that shit for sure
wtf are you talking about, where did I say that??? I know he's Crimean Tatar ethnically, what else should I google??? The whole topic was about geography, not ethnicity.
there is spending in illegal drug trade, money laundering, etc
CryptoKitties cofounder Bryce Bladon says the livelihood of CryptoKitties can't simply be measured by the number of transactions that happen in a month, and that people's behaviors have changed as the price of processing a transaction has increased.
Rurik was the name of the Scandinavian king who founded the first dynasty (and basically first state) in ancient Russia. So that kinda makes him popular here as well.
Oh oui!
your coach gonna be pissed off
damn Melton's shot looked absolutely wet at the summer league
sorry man, Aaron Baynes ain't bringing you to the promised land
Cause that's how Spurs organization operates. Poeltl will be better than those big you cry about by the end of the year and for a fraction of cost. How long have you been a fan of the Spurs btw?
annual Smart Streak came earlier this season
yeah OP here just tryin to find a creative way to shit on Wiggins
Where did Kawhi find his eventually?
what would you call Brandon Ingram’s efficiency then, atrocious?
Boylen is old tho. Plz don’t tell him it was me saying that
That Boylen-Hoiberg rivalry is gonna be legendary
savage lol
well, these pockets are not endless deep, so you still gotta be smart about spending and investing, but anyways we're blessed and cursed at the same time to have Gilbert lol
I feel this just goes in waves, one year they go all in, fuck up and then afraid af in next one.
I hope we'll see at least one of his alts' cameo
Giannis also wasn't born perfect, there's still a hope for Janis...
That's fair. Lonzo did the same with or without LeBron
I mean, you'd also get great advanced stats if played against 5 year old kids. Advanced stats can't mostly recognize the quality of your opponents
it’s ok if you’re ugly tho
That’s not true, they remove fans for the same gestures and ban them forever for racial slurs, it’s just not always possible to identify everything
was it? did TT inform referees or other officials on that? I only watched the game replay and missed the whole sequence somehow
too bad we missed on Bonga vs Bamba matchup this season, that would’ve potentially allowed for some great calls by announcers
He’s a white pride kid tho and will be closer to mr President now
put that man to the delly trey!
and we can do the same with JR.
Cavs fans posted about JR, Korver and GHill’s contracts multiple times here, it just didn’t get upvoted cause didn’t fit the idea of shitting on the Cavs
he is mediocre, don’t forget to check volume as well when looking up for 3pt percentages
Some 34 year old are definitely tho
I have only checked the main and there wasn’t a single one on it
Player drafted by that pick? Albert Einstein
Is that a floater or is that a lob? It’s a flob!
nobody would take him without offering even more of the bad salary back.
throw in porzingod too if that’s the case
markannen?
Innovative way to save yourself from injuries, look at that Andrew’s ironman streak, light years ahead
due to outrebounding his quota
NBA banned them after coach Koran and Joe Young took the league by storm
Not Shaq apparently
23% from 3 and 63% ft tho
sorry, dude. where do I fill out my MVP ballot?
it would definitely be too big of a gap to fill for IT if he’s back
is it my bias forcing him to shoot 20%? you’re damn right then
what impact? they just lost to the fucking bulls
he’s worse than everyone in the fucking league at shooting lmao. this thread is hilarious with gold and salt everywhere
no shit, dicking the Cavs gonna be a good thing to remember when $40M chucker gets dad dicked by another rookie in the playoffs
I probably gonna cry myself to death dreaming about 20% $40M superstar
didn’t read but kudos for strong mental gymnastics. you gonna need that with that $40M albatros for years to come. now let me enjoy my rookie career high highlights (he knows when to stop chucking btw lol)
writing long sentences expecting others to read them is what dumb and annoying people do, try not to be like that
damn you’re being tough bruh, reminds me of Westbrook chucking up 10 in a row in clutch time just to lose again
yeah but that is a price of 24 year old and better Capela
what about him?
your Porter Batum and Parsons argument is about dumb people with money, there’s less of that nowadays
has a trust in Chandlers chapionship DNA
you seem to be a huuuuge rockets fan, why sixers flair?
how long to wait till he grows an inch?
you know that things are bad when the only arguments are those based on opponents flair and/or username. to be fair, not much to argue about, nothing really new, he can rack up assists and sucks at shooting.
they also beat the Rockets, but so did half of the league
but not really, our point guard, for example, doesn’t need breathing gymnastics to knock down fts, isn’t that enjoyable?
mods would’ve deleted that if it wasn’t about Boston
at 63% everything’s important
Dude was a perfect choice with his [complex limb cases](https://i.imgur.com/mpybI1e.gif) specialization
coach Boylen didn’t have a chance to visit them in their hotel rooms this time around
Right below Jae Crowder and Jaylen Brown
setting that bar at 17 points would’ve made your list a bit more impressive
Reminds me of the best from these posts about advanced stats acting like if they were alive and always against your favorite player. That one was from the Warriors fan who complained about the league assigning unfair defensive rating to KD
Wall to the Spurs confirmed
why so angry bruh? I personally don’t mind particular Oklahoma quarterback, not so much the point guard tho. you know, bad knees and gazillion contract, that shit doesn’t really leave much of a choice for you guys but enjoying him
the thing is there isn’t really much of Rocket science (hello, Morey) behind these advanced numbers. It’s mostly just an attempt to count whether the team scores or gets scored on while the player is on the floor, while eliminating noise factors (like other players, pace etc). In Kuzma’s case it’s all about defense, check the 4th quarter of the latest Spurs game for example, when they’re targeting him on pnr
he was quite vocal since joining the Wiz, why not cover divisional rival as well while at it?
that means people shouldn’t shit on Trae either which they actively do
or the extra point
people overrate Ariza here thinking he’s the same as always been. that trade could end up disappointing if they give up additional assets
movie guy was more of a harmless type iirc, that dude is an active madman
5 shots is not really a slump, it’s a passiveness
these rookies are clearly showboating
and that finally opened the game for Landry
op lacks enough of imagination to include Kyrie as well tho
Is it only me or the ringer lost most of its appeal here recently?
I’ve already forwarded it through DM to easymonesniper and you’ve got a seal of approval
nah, it’s all thanks to media fanboys
why incognito window?
yeah that piece of shit deserved a good additional kick in the nuts
you don’t really need education to simply trust people. these guys are confident idiots
As I understand Bulls management really likes him so we’re into long and entertaining season lol
He has a history of tripping opponents from the bench, shouldn’t be that harder
Westbrook does the same at his 11th season at 23%, which one is worse?
turns out we beat the fucking jaggernaut
not saying that this source is real or anything but Sixers don’t exactly “know” or actively agree with that, that’s just what Raymond Brothers’ doctor said
cool, when do we see our resurrected wonder then, according to yours and the only correct doctor’s prognosis?
I mean you knew for sure just a few minutes ago and now just wait and see? I’m thoroughly disappointed, mr doctor
it’s always about perspective lol
it’s “regression to the mean”
cuz holidays are fun
JR can actually still knock them 3pointers down
well it’s not bad for a player who isn’t playing anyways. and those picks are not so end-of-round at least for now lol
I love Shump for his personality but it’s his contract year and he was often injured for us
what happened to that dude who was the biggest 2nd round steal?
everyone sucks except Harden due to different reasons
does he also look like Windy? is he fat already?
SICK
He is not really careful when shitting on Phil lol Take it as another opportunity to stick it to the old man, nothing more, probably
He should also start running those suicide drills, that’ll make them closer
If talking stick can talk then it is also able of fixing itself
Sounds like a plot for the new season of The Walking Dead
that’s ok for LeBronto citizens
Lowry struggling makes everyone there anxious for sure
Cavs were interested for Korver or something, so that’s the market price as of now
yet they both passed on Doncic in favor of bigs with bad defense
haven’t heard about defensive slump concept before lol
if NBA banned owning other sports franchises that could really help both Chicago and NY fanbases (if they were forced into selling bball teams, of course)
doesn’t necessarily affect it but overconfidence mixed with already low one could spill from the bball floor into real life
I mean, you don’t really need to be well educated to realize that calling out people that risked their lifes as liars is a shitty thing to do. It’s not really serious to me as well, Steph Curry is just a piece of shit, no biggy
you were beaten by Russia anyways, they were first in the space. Fake of that proportion is a disaster forever.
wtf moon landing has to do with that? Russians had nuclear weapons before and after that
Bill would be happy to show his account statement from the screen of his phone or PC
Best team in the West is called The Warriors, yours is 1st round exit team. And yes, I prefer a chance of getting RJ Barrett with good cap situation to tying up yourself to contract with aging guard with bad knees like Westbrook or Wall.
It’s from mine of course, not theirs. It’s surely not that hard to look at things from their perspective too, poor logic plus extreme overconfidence do the trick. At the end, for someone less educated it still ends up with a matter of trust: why would you trust conspiracists and not astronauts and scientists instead? lol in realty Steph doesn’t bother himself with all these questions, he is just a dumb basketball + Christian kid
Melo sucked indeed tho and didn’t want to reconsider his role, can be out of the league as a result
many factors, the main one is rational thinking, not based on some old fairytales like in Curry’s case
but it’s still up to owner to keep them and he is fine with them as long as they keep bringing checks and kissing his ass (probably).
because it’s more profitable to have two teams per arena model. NBA is a bunch owners voting when it comes to decision making and all they care is $ at the end of the day
come on guys, give that man some credit!
besides the obvious gatorade stuff, D reminds of a low grade which wasn’t a great idea to begin with
or trying to convince LA people he doesn’t even exist so they forget about him by the summer
yeah professionals that organize that shit lol
was it Fultz struggling with the number of NBA teams question?
light years ahead, Relativistic Mechanics
just killed a man...
that’s what salty people say
LMA is too good to bother himself adding 3pt shot like Brook Lopez did
Him shooting threes would make a huge difference for the Spurs with spacing and shit
blackmailing cities for arena $$$ &gt;&gt;&gt; all Colangelos of the world
the same as with Ingram after he tweaked his ankle
the URL of the article warns suns fans that it's not about Ayton only lol
what if Brooks gifted it you after the game?
yeah people forgot about Tyreke non-trade story
Grizzlies just wanted 2nd opinion on his knee knowing Suns got the best doctors in the league
yeah Suns or Wiz have to give up something else to them
why tho? what if he's just trying to back off from the bad deal promised by the owner? I wouldn't give up Dillon Brooks for Kelly Oubre too
I'm imagining Memphis people carefully avoiding mentioning him by the first name in the talks: "Sure, guys, y'all gonna be happy with Brooks' production"
Derrick is the type of a player who makes majority of the fanbase believe he is good when he is really not lol
they are expired, got any new ones?
It's really heartwarming to see SVG laughing his ass off about other people's incompetence after shelling out contracts to the likes of Jon Leuer and Langston Galloway and drafting Henry Ellenson
she is a Laker reporter. FWIF, she also wants Ariza to be a Laker.
Landry Shaker would've definitely beaten McGrady one on one. Or at least shaken him
wow who would've thought
lol why did the post about Thaddeus Young averaging 11 pts on 51%TS get 2727 upvotes?
Lonzo Ball uses it on 3 pointers
while \[not\]talking about it on ESPN2 lmao
Well, Austin is not bringing you to playoffs, so what's the point of having him now?
they showed it in the bottom of the screen as breaking news
Por que no los dos?
yeah and they did the right thing, Oubre is hardly helpful to them this season
coach Nick targeting them salty lakers clicks and views
damn my bad, dunno why did he stick like a pg to my mind lol
at least one of them was technical just to make the trade
he didn't but it was definitely reported
Wasn't it also him making epic videos after Cavs playoffs wins in 2016? I recall it was a nuggets fan for sure
searched, it was /u/johnkphotos
pain from ribs injuries is brutal, they gotta load him up with some heavy shit lmao
I dunno, that's pointless. It's just that David appeared to be like forever young and still happened to be mortal :(
don't forget about George Harrison
do you want them in jail or hanged right there at the rafters?
Like what, why do you stop there? Go ahead and provide example from other sports or times or countries. I mean, it seems like an easy and obvious solution for you and those upvoting
nah it's your take that's dumb, it's called survivorship bias, you are only focused on top results. also, foh with your straw man about coaching, I didn't say that shit
peace, man. as Kevin Garnett would say, "anything is possible!"
"There's bigger threats in my neighborhood than these angry teammates" -Jaylen Brown, probably
&gt; When your job is to know and enforce the rules what if you also know some shit about the rest of the refs and/or league management tho?
come on, poor dude was just protecting himself of accusations of trying to make it up for us
but that second could end up Draymond! Or IT! Or both!!!
only if he was on Santa's good kids list!
Big market, MSG and all that shit
tbf that was most likely a pun and he probably meant "after the contact", but dude is indeed unbearable otherwise
yeah it's always right thing to do. Kings did the wrong thing with Doncic this summer, but they are the Kings
trippled down by renewing the whole crew for another exciting season
yeah, it was hilarious for announcers to repeat again and again how he didn't need to compete before the Games (and for the rest of Dubai championship) anymore. Dude is coming for them $$$ for sure
we need someone with photoshop skills to make the podium full of Frasers picture
yep, Zack Telander has a [good video](https://youtu.be/DNcXQ5jPnr4?t=34) on this controversial (for crossfitters) topic
Dudley has always had one of the biggest mouths in the league lol
Glassman should be ecstatic
it’s even worse in the NFL if it’d make you happier
It's obviously not sustainable but Dorsey seems to be nailing absolutely everything: draft picks, Perriman catching for crazy TDs, Josh situation etc
as NBA players, I mean, you don't mind using a smallish sample size for Barrett
it's cool, but they play white princeton dudes like every other game
His assists numbers scream Wiggins much much louder than those for Barrett
sure, it was someone else who used his last night's numbers against totals a few messages above
I guess that face means they are actually not as high on the Knicks as fans and ESPN
sorry man, RJ was also kinda laughing
gotta learn from NFC and Patricia's Lions who prepared for that in the snow
https://i.imgur.com/dTcAHZc.jpg
He will play for the team that wants to drafts him and has a pick for that regardless of all the lamest questions and his reactions to them
Jaylen jumps like 10 times higher, just to be fair
you realize they'll have another opportunity to hang out at the all-star game or NO when Lakers come there
more woke too
I think they'd bet on their culture + Kyrie to be convincing enough for AD to decide and re-sign later
would they stop giving the Knicks those Christmas games if they lost by 50?
Pacers could arrange some iirc, Mavs, Kings, etc
I’m afraid players tribune video wouldn’t be enough even for someone like Suns’ Sarver
cool story, bro
ever tried just chill?
always look on the bright side: we get to see Mahomes again!
it's /r/nba, people still get upvotes for similar posts about Wiggins
Except he doesn't want to play at center
you don't pay hourly for all upfront instances
&gt;Will AWS just see that I have two t2.micro instances and not charge me a monthly fee for them since I paid upfront on the reserved instances? Yes, moreover, you can purchase one t2.small RI and it will automatically apply to both of yours micros thanks to size flexibility feature: https://aws.amazon.com/blogs/aws/new-instance-size-flexibility-for-ec2-reserved-instances/
until Steph comes back
Cosa Nostra term
come on now, dude can be a steal one day
