God I miss Austin with the crew so much. I adore these shows and I’ve tried so hard to get into FatT every time they put out a new arc but i just cannot listen to his players. At least i have TaZ
there’s a bathroom on the right
Well time to watch MPP again
Seconded. Please leave Norm be. Norm is good people www.dontcallnorm.com
And also with you
HES AMONSTER HE MUST BE STOPPPPPPED
LOVE this dudes style
Written by a white person
lmao mate black mirrors only like 6 years old
People who did this were nerd on a whole other level
I like Greg on GB stuff but KF was always way to RT for me
I'm trying to imagine just how bad whatever you said was to get blocked by Jeff...
I'm going to unleash my very unpopular opinion. I can not get into Friends At the Table. I don't know if it's the audio quality or the size of the cast with so many people involved or maybe I just don't really like the personalities other than Austin or even the length of the episodes but i've tried about 5 times now and I just can't get into it. I find it very hard to follow, awkward/stilted and all around pretty underwhelming. That being said if you're into tabletop podcasts I can't recommend [The Adventure Zone](http://www.maximumfun.org/shows/adventure-zone) highly enough, it's hilarious and well acted/written and brought to you by the McElory brothers and their dad. Which.. improv wise may be cheating.
I did start with Autumn in Hieron and coudn't get passed the set up episode, ended up going to Marielda twice and gave up around the 4th episode of that one and every season I've gone back to try again (I fucking love austin, I should be into this) Counter/Weight and Balance and finally Twlight Mirage and I just can't get through it. I don't know how else to explain my gripes. Let me put it this way, if they were books I'd be dying to read them!
Jeff just named dropped Eric Sean Nally and Foxy Shazam. I like Jeff so much more than i did yesterday.
Africa is a continent lmao. Wakanda is a nation in Africa. So yeah it kind of is
You can’t just do that to me in a Monday morning dude
I wonder how many Calvin pissing on the Chevy logo tattoos account for this
:'(
So... Goku would beat the ever living fuck out of Superman right? All agree? Sweet!
Oh i get the reference! Is topical because The Eagles are about to win a Super Bowl.
I think he confused it with cement board, which is actually a thing
Austin Walker is a god damn treasure
They attacked Jeff’s Fallout 4 review saying he gave it a “low” score for attention or to stand out. While wearing Pip Boys, on their “gaming” show that they get paid to promote games on, during an episode that was paid for and sponsored by Fallout 4. While wearing Pip Boys. Which is hilarious on so many levels. I tried to YouTube the clip from their podcast where it happens but al i could find were people commentating over it and about them. Here’s a 10 minutes video about it (which for the record i have not watched and i have no idea who Pat the NES Punk is so if he’s shitty I’m sorry) https://youtu.be/vMtajiLLGWM But it’s a good starting point i guess to look into their bullshit. Edit: btw Jeff gave Fallout 4 and 3/5 which is generous considering how broken and routine it was.
What is this property? I’ve never heard of Asterix before. Is this Disney/dreamworks?
What joke is that?
I’m pretty sure XCom has previously on doesn’t it?
A lot of people here want to rewrite history in the wake of his untimely and unfortunate passing. Edit: or just flat out want to pretend GG wasn’t a movement centered around the harassment of women and underrepresented folk in the gaming community/industry under the smokescreen that was “ethics in games journalism” lmao okay
Donald trump is president of the United States, so things are pretty dire here in 2018 bruh lol
yeah im not biting mate
Oh my god
YES!!! Honestly it may be my favorite anime of all time. And with that scene it’s time for a rewatch, but totally Dan might actually lose his mind
Yes you’re right, Full Metal Jacket for life
I’ve been wondering this for a little while when i had some buffering issues on my laptop and this is a good a place as any to ask, what’s the difference between the two?
I’m embarrassed how long i stared at that Girafrig (sp?) trying to figure out what was different... funny how the mind works lol
Of course he interviewed for Beauty and the Geek. Of course.
I don’t like being reminded Vegeta fucks
Na the kids these days just go straight to Attack on Titan
Fossils were discovered long before history was really recorded, this is where the myths of Dragons and other monsters were born while ancient civilizations tried to figure out what the fuck they were looking at when they found massive bones that couldn’t belong to any animal they’ve known.
I've heard of it but never watched one before. I think ill check this out lol
I have the gold Link Between World’s New 3DS XL and have zero use for this but god damn do i want it
That game looked so generic at E3 i had to google it after reading the title to even remember the trailer
The fucking hair should have been enough to get him on this show lmao
He remembered they’re black
Is this fish okay?
He didn’t shoot them with his handgun he shot them with a little cylindrical device that was clearly a taser. There’s a zap sound effect and as he drives the truck away you can hear the two guys moaning in the ground. He did steal their beer tho... so... not a good guy
How can anyone make this statement without an informed opinion as to why
What...? Dude got melted
I’m not a huge marvel reader but from what i know of Cable is he uses his telekinesis to slow/stop the virus from taking over his whole body
He got melted from his arm/shoulder to his chest and stomach as well as neck, he died instantly that isn’t survivable lol
Lmao
Oh word yeah he totally gets covered it in
Name a price for one of these with Arcanine
He’s a worldly man with a wide variety of tastes and interests
I think it’s reductive and shitty to “dunk” on polygon and waypoints approach to games criticism just because you already decided it’s unimportant or offends you. I don’t understand why the very existence of political and social discussion surrounding gaming makes you guys froth at the mouth to take a jab at outlets you may not agree with rather than just saying “this isn’t for me” and moving on.
Using terms like “frothing at the mouth” implies dismissal, which happens a lot when people want to make it known that they’re upset by people or outlets that are vocal about social and political criticism. If that isn’t you’re intent maybe you should reevaluate the way you word things because it’s certainly how it came across and there’s no shortage of reactionaries in this community.
Hey man i feel ya there. It’s always so cool when a studio takes a chance on a big new property or story that hasn’t been told yet, it can be a real shame sometimes how it’s so much easier to fund things that already exist or greenlight remakes that have nostalgia to carry them forward rather than something that could be potentially fresh and new and exciting.
They called Munchkins where I’m from but i think in other places they’re called donut holes, it’s just a ball of dough that’s bite sized and a small donut they’re marketed as “donut holes” sometimes because they look like the part of the center of the donut that’s cut out. For the record no one “punches” out holes of a donut, the rings are just rolled into rings lol
My dude knowing it’s a comic book movie should have told you all death is meaningless
Its incredible lmao
The framing fo the wide shot if off by a few inches and it's driving me INSANE
Then I don't honestly know what could you help you enjoy something.
I don't know what you want from a presenter if you think that was "hyper awko." because she did a fantastic job, was funny, clear, concise and did not have a lot to work with.
No I’m trying to get a sense as to why you people don’t enjoy the movie for what it is and feel like character deaths have no weight, rather than suspending your disbelief and taking the moment for what it is rather than what you know is coming. I was hoping I’d help y’all enjoy shit more if you could take it less seriously and live in the moment for the moment and the way it changes things and characters in universe. I don’t really give a shit if you think what i say is stupid, I’m not here to argue with people. I tried to give another perspective if you’re not on board for it so be it mate.
These KIDS changed this website about ENERGY DRINKS into DRUGS!!! 😤
Jeff screaming over the Funko misdirect is a clip i need in perpetuity
How is it you possibly think there is any chance at competition between a major head and a publisher?
I literally threw my head back and laughed like an anime villain
Whos this fucking guy lmfao? **YES I AM READY TO RAGE**
Holy fuck I've never actually SEEN him before. This is incredible
I want a fucking T Shirt that says "Quake Daddy"
*googles old BJ* Edit: This didn't go as plan, ill try "Dad BJ" next.
Incredible
I need a Gatorade first
Okay i thought so, i am hoping to see some stuff about Season 2 or Hitman 2 this E3. Thanks!
They’re super long but i like that they’re doing a podcast format for their coverage tbh
Like what exactly don’t you like about them?
Would you prefer they disagreed with each other for the sake of it? Maybe they just agree with each other because they agree with each other lol That's a strange criticism that the people who work together also feel the same way about some stuff. Also, you maybe haven't heard the Austin vs Rob on State of Decay 2 podcast because Rob HATES that game and Austin loves it. Some great conversation there.
Yeah man if you're not into political and social discussion around games Waypoint probably isn't for you. Personally I don't find much value in a devils advocate for this kind of stuff, not sure why they would even want to bring someone on the team if their argument is racism is bad why even give a voice who will defend racism just for a debate that doesn't need to happen
More like *anything slightly confusing*
Here's hoping for some Hitman 2
No i haven’t, thanks I’ll check that out!
Very Wes Anderson
Personally I’d rather be in a cold climate than tropical any day of the week HOWEVER not in a survival setting. I feel like it would be so much easier to survive in a hot humid jungle than some frozen wasteland
Alex wearing a Refused shirt!!! Fucking dope
It’s an airport she wasn’t actually in prison, it’s a joke
That was incredible
“Let’s call him a coworker”
I honestly mean this: this is the greatest screen cap anyone has ever grabbed from these shows
No she looks like Reese Witherspoon as you remember her, which is younger
Uhhhhh hhhhhh h Hhhhhhhhhhhh Hhhhhh
The thought of going 18 hours without brushing my teeth is terrifying. That was crazy!
Yeah did they talk over it? I can’t find it if so.
I live on the easy coast and it comes out Wednesday for me too now
Were you a fan of the previous Hitman games? Because none of them have done this and i can’t see how continuing to not do it makes you *less* interested than you previously were...
I’m in no way saying i don’t want a spy party esque multiplayer mode, i think that would be super rad. I just think it’s an oddly specific ask based on your initial comment i replied to, seeing you expand your thoughts on it makes total sense and i totally see where you’re coming from. I guess i am kind of just down for the same thing, i must have put 300 hours into that first game i did every single challenge and achievement and I’ve been clambering for more so maybe that just says something about me and what I’m looking for with Hitman but regardless i can see where you’re coming from. Also a quick aside, it may not be quite what you want or are looking but they are adding a coop mode which maybe is something you missed or still not quite what you want but it’s worth mentioning!
What is the source on this? I watched every single sims stream and do not remember lmao
I’m crying. Lmao
THis is an hour long, what even is it? The comments here are pushing me away but i want to consume all Jeff content Help D:
Hilarious i love it
I feel like it wouldn’t be giant bomb anymore if Jeff, Vinny, Brad or Alex left. That isn’t to say anything bad about the others because i love all of them but i mean hell it almost didn’t feel like Giantbomb anymore even when Ryan passed away. Idk what I’d do if any other founders left
I think whoever made this forgot 3/4s of Nintendo’s showing was fucking smash brothers. It was so incredibly disappointing i can’t even believe it happened still. They should be on the ground buried under EA
If you don’t believe me you should go back and watch it
They will, give them some time
Hoping on this comment chain to mention the best of collection podcast did GFW Radio if anyone wants to go back and check some out!
You’re right this is unacceptable, I was going to send them my complete in box funko collection BUT NOT NOW FUCKERS
Tbf to your wife they don’t call him Drew Snacklon for no reason....
Holy shit we can fund this with an Etsy custom artist I’m sure. Quick everyone, who is the base Funko for each duder to start???
I genuinely wish i had some to do it
Oh good no work has to be done to it
But how could he ever write these wrongs, when he doesn’t even write his songs?
It's news to clarify it isn't the gross or creepy kind in a way that exploits women for the male gaze, not because nudity = bad
Two shots rather than one
Don’t understand the people here who are saying these prices are extravagant. Here in the city coffe is like $6 minimum unless you go to like a dunken
Idk LA Rob is kind of a Nazi 🙄
Imagine not being embarrassed to post this comment lol
Imagine being a shitty step father lmao
I read your whole post and i get what you’re saying but just be convincing and leading a cult is not grounds for respect
I feel like it’s super denigrating to actual rappers to call SoundCloud rappers “rappers”
Did anyone else notice the music during the true crime story? It was a spin on The Black Tapes theme song lmao
It was a perfect fit for that story and really helped it i think, i was sitting there thinking like it was a riff on it specifically but i don’t know that much about music composition to place it so i just correlated it the first thing that came to mind, which was the black tapes and i thought it was kind of funny because that story alone was better than the entire series of the podcast which I’m still salty about. Awesome work!
I was listening to the Waypoint podcasts and every time Kingdom Hearts came up they kept making jokes about Aqua getting "norded" and I have no fucking idea what they're talking about, who Aqua is or what the fuck norded means and *I played Kingdom Hearts 1 and 2 and enjoyed them when they came out*. Which is insane to me that this is supposed to be some huge reveal or im supposed to be expected to have played the GBA/DS games or a phone game or something. This series is so fucked
Everything is political whether you admit or not, the problem is they aren't admitting it because they don't want to "pick a side" or "have a message". In other words they want to have their cake and eat it too.
empathy is hard
I literally can’t tell if you’re making a joke or not
Tic tac toe and bejeweled are puzzle games, give me a game with story characters and a setting. I get you’re trying to deny that everything is political but using examples of something akin to sudoku is ridiculous, there’s no substance there to have a message. Yes sometimes games are just games, but games with characters and a story is inherently political and the games we’re talking about here have those.
There is a large portion of this audience (including people who sub here) who take jokes and joke beef and words waaaaaaay too seriously. So yeah i believe it lol
He could have helped clean it up for sure being an editor and all but those jokes were *very* Kessler
This podcast is like an ex I’m in the process of going back to. It’s been two weeks since I’ve heard from them, sure I’ve missed them but i didn’t realize just how badly i missed it until they came back into my life and highlighted my day... it took a few minutes to get back into but as soon as it clicked it was like no time has passed since the last time and you’re right back into things. However it wasnt long enough and you just got that taste and now the next thing you know you’re going to LA to see them in person and back on your anime bullshit.
I actually think they’d really enjoy My Hero, however i still wouldn’t recommend it to them because they explicitly do not want anymore recommendations at this time.
I can’t FUCKING believe these scum bags did Green Face. Disgusting racists.
Mineta suuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuucks
If you look close enough you can almost see the Cleric Beast at the far end
Think about the emotional roller coaster Alex from Japan must have went through this episode
In his defense it is hard to tell the difference between the kind of sexual harassment that will get you fired and the kind that will get you elected president of the United States
Those people just never had an interaction with an actual female before, they only know what they read online in the basement
&gt;is this 2018? Yes. You found the problem.
You’re right. In that very second getting called out like that maybe do exactly what he did, and maybe he did apologize to her when the cameras were off. The videos cuts at a point before anything else could happen but after having a few seconds to process wha just happened and compose yourself it would have been a major difference to maybe just stop the interview and apologize on air and maybe even see yourself out because this isn’t a bad joke that didn’t land or went to far that you could laugh off and try and change he subject quickly, this is out right assault and should be treated more severely even if it’s a full minute afterward.
Coming from the person who doesn’t seem to care that they just watched someone get sexually assaulted on live tv and felt the need to not only post a dumbass comment about how much they don’t totally care but then look through my comment history lol
Yeah dipshit it’s called don’t fucking assault someone. I know you’re like 11, but let me teach you something. It isn’t “these days” it’s always been this way, people just aren’t afraid to speak up about it anymore. What the fuck is it with you people trying to make dumbass equivalences. Yeah making eye contact with someone isn’t sexual assault however that isn’t what this is about, he didn’t just “look at her” he grabbed her ass and squeezed it, which is in fact sexual fucking assault. We aren’t talking about eye contact here so bringing it up is not only irrelevant and makes you look fucking stupid it also has the benefit of showing everyone how hard you want to defend sexual assault.
He watched a video of a woman getting sexually assaulted and his entire comment was “well I’d do the same probably i wonder if she would let me”
No I'm calling out a dipshit who's trying to justify sexual assault. And it seems like, for some reason, you're trying to defend him.
There’s no excuse for making it about him. What he said wasn’t harmless it was very telling of the toxic way his mind works. The only people who should be embarrassed here is him, and the people defending it... like you. Grow up.
That thumbnail was hecka misleading
Lol me too bud
Hitmas came early this year
This isn’t a bad thing at all, it’s good that it’s open it just means easily accessible options for the end user without any kind of modding. The weird thing about this news is that the region on ROMS was defaulted to PAL and it should have just been accessible from the start of that were the case. Someone just threw a keyboard in there and hit escape and... it worked.
I don’t know if this is why but it’s my new head canon because that’s fucking hilarious
What time stamp does Dan make the noise
Call to action for the community: let’s get about 20 more of Dans rap noise in songs please.
WHAT is this real???
Fucking insane wow, thanks for sharing i would have missed this
The audio is the clip from the beastcast but the video clip is from UPF last weeks specifically like 10 minutes in i want to say
This is why Abby left Twitter for the rest of the year
It literally took me until i heard Vinny screaming over James again and i was like wait is this some kind of mean callback?
Is it... real this time
Bababooey
This IS it chief!
&gt;a nobody Lmao, how are you so angry about this yet have no idea what’s going on in the FGC?
That’s really interesting, i haven’t played the NXT client so i had no idea they made it dynamic like that. Does that mean you can zoom into players on NXT? Or is it a zoomed out version of an empty world
None it’s a patch week... sort of
Spend some time away from the internet for a while, ya know?
As an american i can’t understand fuck all of what aussies say and we’re speaking the same language.
They didn’t put it in the running as to be fair to the other competitors
**BREAKING NEWS:** Players unhappy with [ANY ASPECT OF] Fallout 76! More at 11!
Oh you mean that CARTOON game for CHILDREN and KIDS?! I don’t think so buddy, I’m talking about REAL Zelda games, for ADULTS and hardcore GAMERS Thank u, next
That’s because it’s so incredibly *checks notes* funny.
So i found this cover on YouTube and physically seeing the dude play the bass line turned this song from a meme to a fucking funk banger for me just now... https://youtu.be/YxoUoXYZQn8
Hey look! A racist!
Two things. 1. It’s amazing to me you all think a flash game is “old” 2. That isn’t what veteran means Unreal
Idris Elba is objectively hotter than Blake fucking Sheldon
RDR doesn’t have micotransations either and about 300 hours of single player content and no RDO doesnt count, your $60 value is there with no intrusive ads but by all means don’t let that ruin your little circle jerk
After the sun bleached it for a couple of months
Is that true? I did see it was available through game pass which means I’m gonna give it a shot this week i think. Anyone know if PC is epic exclusive or also through the windows store?
My friends group and i play every night
It’s really not
Ooof you should.
“Why do you like your boyfriend he doesn’t appreciate games like i do” Is what you said, essentially. And it’s so embarrassing for you.
I’m not, this is how your comment comes across, which is why you’re being downvoted and laughed at.
Two people in our group won, one of them of them twice now. I never have but made it around Q10 a handful of times (my record) 8 with no extra lives/erasers used. When they did Nintendo night i actually knew every single question except one at 6 or 7 that was really tricky but helped a friend when his second game the rest of the way through, shame i didn’t have an extra life lol
Of course it’s scripted no one is questioning that
I’m so close to pulling the trigger on that console book. I haven’t actually seen any of it inside before but it sounds really neat. HBD btw!
Oh you mean people who are precious about bullshit? That checks out
I wanna see the stone tablet that is a running list of mushrooms that when we’re consumed were either A) not kill C) maybe death B) death for sure D) I’m high as fuck
pre-goty content drought shitposting happy holidays
Is this Bucca? lol
I’m curious, does your profile mention chick fil a or is this just a very good opener
I can't believe The Quiet Man swept up every single category like that wow. Happy holidays everyone! Edit: [Youtube link with video feed](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1OrIRGdjmqM&amp;t=14s)
Holy fuck
To highlight the game rather than not mention it period like usual. It still wouldn’t hang, we just wouldn’t have even heard it mentioned before.
Arthur Morgan is the reason to play RDR2 as far as I’m concerned
Awesome seeing Octopath Traveler love and I almost forgot the LttP randomizer shenanigans were this year. Thank you Alex Zandra! &gt;this game took the Mario Maker approach and made the first games--and the cartoon--look the way I pictured them in my head. Couldn't have said it better myself, I haven't gotten around to playing Let's Go yet but it's on my very short Switch list and the few videos of watched of this game in motion are exactly this, I can not fucking wait to see what Gen 8 brings with this engine. I'm currently playing through Ultra Sun on my 3DS (Nintendo can pry that system from my cold dead hands) and it looks incredible, but man... I can't stop thinking about the way Pokemon animate in the Let's Go games.
Well, in the past they actually used worst game for exactly that. Steam trash has never been up for consideration, It's always been the Andromedas of the world and even specially was called out by Ryan I think as *worst game we've played. The problem with most disappointing is games like Metal Gear Survive, Fallout 76 and The Quiet Man won't get mentioned or discussed there because one of the major defining factors for most disappointing is an expectation of something good. Every year they use expectation as a core argument as to why something shouldn't make the list and nobody expected those games to be good thus disqualifying them. A lot of what I enjoy about GB is when they dig into shit games and really tear them apart, and I was really looking forward to it this year. Never forget **THEY KILLED MASS EFFECT**
If he hasn't made an impact on you by Chapter 4 than I don't think anything is going to change from you. Personally I thought his personal journey was interesting, thoughtful and impactful the entire way through. The story is the most impressive thing that game does but honestly if you don't care about it this far in I think it just may not be your cup of tea. I'd maybe bail now since you still have like 90 hours of gameplay left, might be worth watching some Youtube cutscenes though if you are determined. Nothing wrong with that by the way, I'm a little shocked he hasn't clicked for you as a character but hey, to each their own!
What?
But then you’re just ignoring games? I don’t understand your side of this argument. Are you saying they should only talk about the ten best games of the year they decided on without recording the process...?
Maybe that’s the case on a per day basis, another day or two of this style discussion however what i meant is we still have 3 days of 6 hour podcasts coming up. So even if the discussion for day 2 and part of 3 is this that leaves us with what? 15 hours of traditional GOTY category podcasting. That’s what i meant by going forward. Even if it ends up just being Thursday/Friday that’s still 12 hours of arguing
Maybe i misread your previous comment and honestly I’m kinda drunk so hope this makes sense and if i misunderstood please ignore me. The hour count for each episode this year is public ally out there i didn’t pull those numbers out of my ass, there are 3 6 hour episodes this year :) https://twitter.com/marinov1/status/1077271235485147136?s=21 Happy holidays duder merry Christmas Eve i hope we’re both right
Anyone catch what Brad and Alex said at the same time during Abbys Tetris run? I can't for the life of me make it out but they laugh so it must have been funny?
&gt;conservative views What?
No
Battletech came out in April or May iirc
That’s what happens when every comment is a specific attack against her because she voiced an opinion that *gasp* was based around thinking a little more critically about the media we consume
Wait did Vampyr come out?
Did they get through June i mean? That’s like a pretty big oversight if so wow
Damn that’s kind of a bummer!
It’s one of the most ridiculous pieces of criticism i have ever heard brought up here. God bless brad shoemaker
I don’t know if it is your intent but writing off a woman’s opinion and criticism of anything as “childish” is an incredibly aggressive and shitty tactic to immediately discredit her. There is nothing wrong with her “whatever i don’t fucking care”. It’s her opinion, she said that stuff never works FOR HER. It is not yours, or anyone’s place to decide that that is childish. Nobody brings out the “childish” card when Jeff says “whatever i don’t fucking care about your cowboy game” or when Brad in the same conversation even says God of War made his PlayStation too loud. Equating a woman’s voice or opinion to that of a child’s is reductive beyond believe and a entire part of the discourse problem we currently have and frankly the reason she and many other woman get immediately so defensive. Reading these comments here has been staggering.
It’s a targeted attack against her specifically, a woman because she is a woman. It’s getting embarrassing.
I wasn’t actually accusing you of it, you just seemed to be unfamiliar with what the term means and for what it’s worth i don’t necessarily agree with Abby either, i just think it’s a fair criticism to make especially weighted against the franchise as a whole because games don’t exist in a vacuum. My actual issue is with the way people react to her very short winded opinion. It’s perspective i appreciate because it’s different from my own experiences and i don’t ever think hearing that is a bad thing, it’s a perfectly fine conversation to have.
This is actually a tracking shot, not a one shot considering it’s all CGI. Still an incredibly cool sequence, i love this movie.
It was funny seeing Abby and Dan not know who The Rap Man is. [GOTY 2012](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2saFxZhYArw) one of the funniest skits I have ever seen in my entire life.
I think it’s more a testament to the quality of smaller indie releases and the way games are going in the industry where the best stuff isn’t the AAA big budget blockbuster games anymore. Nintendo stuff aside imo
You guys must have been quick on that because i actually managed to not see any spoilers at all. Thanks for the hard work especially this time of the year. Also sorry you got spoiled that’s a huge bummer, hopefully it doesn’t sour the discussions for you or anyone else who did going forward!
Fuck I’m downloading meterorfall now. Solitairica ended up being one of my most played mobile games ever and that was due to Drew’s praising of it... so i guess here we go
So it begins
Yeah totally, I’m not going to be opening any more until i finish Day 5 tomorrow.
You can, days 1-3 are just building these lists and highlighting games that won’t be mentioned again but this is just straight deliberations akin to previous years day ones.
*First the libs came for my merry Christmas, then they came for my baby it’s cold outside, and now they come for my gingerbread MEN!! When will it STOP*!!!!
I can forgive mixing up seminal early 2000s pop punk music for... never mind FUCK THAT
I’m pretty sure it is Vinny behind the camera though, and if not whoever it is looks identical to Vinny Edit: never mind just looks like him
Dan was a freshman/sophomore in college around 2004, he didn’t even join Gameinformer until 2009 Edit: actually maybe it’s possible he was going to E3 back then knowing Dan pulling off some 13 year old Patrick hijinks
It’s joke, don’t get offended so easily
Ahhh okay that makes more sense i guess he technically is a millennial
I’m curious, did you get in for college coverage?
Very cool to see this visually compiled thanks for throwing it together
[Primitive Technology](https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCAL3JXZSzSm8AlZyD3nQdBA) is incredible interesting (watch with subtitles) there’s no spoken dialogue but this man is amazingly talented. [Binging With Babish](https://www.youtube.com/user/bgfilms) is a cooking show that’s highly informative, funny, relaxing and super entertaining. I don’t even cook and i watch every single video. He makes it look so fun and easy i tell myself every single day I’m going to start cooking (i don’t).
Weird didn’t have to click through a slideshow. Is the link broken?
Doesn’t look like it sadly :/
I didn't know what Law and Chopper was so I [googled it](http://surety.bobblockbailbonds.com/wp-content/uploads/2016/12/one-piece-trafalgar-law-and-chop.jpg) and now I think I want to watch One Piece, love this style and not what I imaged would be in a pirate cartoon. edit: lmao nevermind there are over 800 episodes and it's [still ongoing](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/List_of_One_Piece_episodes_\(seasons_15%E2%80%93current\)#Season_19_\(2017%E2%80%93\)) (seriously)
What the fuck kind of monster are you running Lavaloon and Graveyard in the same deck.. this win had to be a fluke right?
Nice i watch ranking of fighters in a special browser too!
They’re pretty much the same thing, alt right just means more open about being a neo nazi
Hopefully they actually fully commit to it. Far Cry 5 I’m looking at you.
I almost did a spit take when he said that. I’m not even drinking anything.
For it to be bullying you have to not ask someone to bully you
That’s not what cyber bullying is
Just finished the podcasts and i have to say seeing a DBZ game on a giant Bomb top ten made my year
This was possibly the best GOTY discussion to date. I’m blown away at the passion this year, most disappointing and ordering the top 10 were incredible, i was actually engrossed.
Ummm excuse me escape the city is a pop punk song thank you
was not expecting all the replies to this to be so good and kind so hell yeah twitter
The specific language he used here is so telling about the mentality of these people. “I’d rather not be deceived”, it’s borderline terrifying in how overtly entitled it is. As if some girl is cosplaying FOR HIM SPECIFICALLY and by not using her real boobs she’s *tricking* him into thinking he’s looking at real boobs. Travis honest to god believes woman cosplaying a character exists for him, not herself not her own fandom or fun but for him to gawk at and god help her if she *deceives* him. Fucking gross.
How do you proc the seren spirit without wearing LotD?
I thought GOTE + LOTD was required to proc it
Yeah I’m pretty sure he wasn’t front and center until after Drew’s departure.
I’m going to go buy this game right fucking now to actually mow the lawn correctly oh my god my anxiety rn
Just wanna chime in and say [Metal Gear Scanlon](https://www.giantbomb.com/shows/metal-gear-scanlon-part-01/2970-13456/premium-video) is the best series on the website.
Name ten games...
Name ten lesser-known indie games better than Brothers...
I mean “indie” is undefinable at this point. I always go back to what Rami said about RDR2 being the biggest budget “indie” game ever made last year when thinking about the muddiness of that term.
I like it a lot because it shows Jon embracing his northern roots and killing off his Targaryen side before heading to the truth north where he belongs.
6 years ago. Think about that for a minute.
Famous band - Album everyone knows edit: fuck the snark let's do this Camp Cope - How to Socialize and Make Friends A New Found Glory - Nothing Gold Can Stay PUP - The Dream Is Over AJJ - Knife Man Mineral - The Power of Failing Matchbox 20 - Yourself or Someone Like You The Wonder Years - The Greatest Generation Algernon Cadwallder - Some Kind of Cadwallader Lost Dog Street Band - Homeward bound American Football - 1999 Future Teens - Hard Feelings Silverstein - This is How the Wind Shifts Taking Back Sunday - Tell All Your Friends Bright Eyes - Im Wide Awake Its Morning Treepeople - Something Vicious for Tomorrow Aaron West and the Roaring Twenties - We Dont Have Eachother Cursive - Such Blinding Stars for Starving Eyes The Front Bottoms - Talon of the Hawk Boygenius - EP Pinegrove - Cardnial Hot Mulligan - Deluxe Capacitor Fall Out Boy - Take This to Your Grave This Town Needs Guns - Animals Tiny Moving Parts - Swell WHY? - Alopecia Paddock Park - A Hiding Place for Fake Friends Death Cab For Cutie - Transalanticsim Knuckle Puck - The Weight That You Buried Cap'n Jazz - Analphabetapolothology Circa Survie - Blue Sky Noise La Dispute - Somewhere at the Bottom of the River Between Vega and Altair ADTR - Homesick The Fall of Troy - Manlipulator Foxy Shazam - The Church of Rock n Roll McCafferty - Beachboy At the Drive In - Relationship of Command No particular order, to name a few off the top of my head
yeah son
I’m not watching the video, can someone explain to me where he hit them? Like the angle of the crash and what you can do to be more alert to avoid drunk drivers?
Thanks for explaining. I survived a bad car accident and it’s really like scary for me to watch car crashed but it’s made me a very alert driver and i at least like to get an idea in my head as to what i can do to protect myself from other people fucking up around me and be ready to act while driving. That however, just kind of made me feel a lot worse.
Release date is November 15, 2019 Legendary Pokémon are ~~Great Grey Wolf Sif~~ [Zacian](https://i.imgur.com/EOXxDvj.jpg) in Sword and [Zamazenta](https://i.imgur.com/XSa1HFU.jpg) in Shield New mode called Dynamax where the Pokémon turn fucking GIGANTIC Introduces Raids (Pokémon GO?) where four players fight a gigantic Pokémon together and can capture it in a gigantic fucking ghost pokeball??? Gym battles take place in massive stadiums, which looks really cool CROW POKÉMON TAXI GUY Wild Pokémon visible in game world? Maybe? Idk it looks beautiful 8 new Pokémon revealed, Sobble is still best boy ily don’t @ me
They probably just didn’t evolve it to keep the evolution secret for the time being
Dark wings, dark words
This is adorable also this turn around is nuts, i love him.
I fucking love this one, i actually made a whole [thread](https://www.reddit.com/r/giantbomb/comments/98989u/one_of_these_thumbnails_is_not_like_the_others/?utm_source=share&amp;utm_medium=ios_app) about it when they released that video because i laughed so hard lol
So, there’s a zero percent chance that Zacian and Zamazenta don’t fuse into a bipedal Wolf/Knight looking dude who fights with a sword and shield all Omnimon style right?
They probably mean final evolution, Swampert stands on hind legs like Marshtomp does
Idk, i find them incredibly funny still. Also Abbys take on the majority of games she plays through is "It's fine" and usually forms a full opinion if she finishes them. It's not indicative of how GB as a whole covers game, you'd be hard pressed to fine people who know more about this industry and games as a whole than Jeff Gerstmann.
This is riding up to the Braithwaite Manor to find the boy.
That’s unfair, Chernobyl has 6 episodes, breaking bad had 5 seasons.
Why are you assuming Charlie’s angels is going to just be shit before it’s even out?
Phil Harrison looks exactly like NoHo Hank
Wait, $130 is actually really fucking affordable..
100%, it would be an awesome banner. Maybe try tossing him a twitter DM? The whole presentation really looks so good
lil bomb looks *concerned* about those brands..
You’re probably right, i just know he’s pretty open about communicating with the community!
Awesome thank you for linking this here for us, i really love the design!
I’m a fan of Broadway Alex. Also someone needs to sit down with Dan and explain to him the importance of Midwest emo.
I’ve never seen a musical in my life, where do i start?! Edit: i have seen movies, like Disney movies (do they count?) and La La Land (i like a lot) and the Phantom of the Opera (did not like at all) with Gerard Butler but not like any stage musicals
Why is just bought a house a relevant detail here lol?
It’s actually *incredibly cool* as far as middle/high schoolers are concerned. Also, it isn’t gross and actively smells/tastes good. If you’ve never looked into the vape community (and honestly why would you) you’d realize smoking now is not burning down to the filter and tossing gross butts into the street. Capes changed the game and those kids who get hooked on fruit punch ejuice are more likely to pick up a cigarette to get a harder nicotine hit. This wasn’t a thing when you (and even myself) were a kid but it is now. Source: mom is a teacher
I want to be clear, i agree with you 100% and I’m not trying to make a case for it, just explain what they think and why it’s happening. I’m not endorsing it just trying to explain what’s going on with that new generation. They’ll learn when they grow up but right now vapes are the new fidget spinners
These thumbnails are self aware. so im fine with it
Which part is a spoiler? Edit: ive never watched Naruto Edit 2: i took out the link to the wiki, hopefully that took out any spoilers just in case
Always happy to see Forest Whittaker getting work. Edit: Yeah, this definitely looks like Star Wars, so if you're into that it's probably going to be fine.
Sweet, good looking out i didn’t realize what it was
Yeah it’s even the same one they showed at the Stadia event which is a bummer i was hoping for some gameplay tbh. But i am very excited still for this
&gt;Abby’s Harley Quinn impersonation Sorry but what? When??? I gotta hear that
Damn that breakfast looks fine...
I was just thinking that lol, wild
This is quite a surprise i didn’t think we’d get an episode with all the travel! Awesome
That fight scene is genuinely incredible
That’s like, how every single fight in the history of the Star Wars franchise looks lol
RIP to the chalkboard :(
[E3 2019 Trailer](https://www.giantbomb.com/videos/e3-2019-cyberpunk-2077-is-sure-to-be-an-excellent-/2300-14330/)
Honestly, I need someone to remind me how Halo 5 ends
&gt;warden eternal wait who?
I want to be clear i played like 60 hours of this game in 2015. I don’t think I’ve retained *any* of it. Well, i remember Cortana melting people i think or something Edit: oh yeah that guy
Okay but why is MC in space?
They’re the leading console, promoting it. They have nearly everything to do with CP77 outside of developing/publishing it.
It’s made by From Software... what do you think
Absolutely loved this conference, Keanu Reeves delivering the release date for CP77 was absolutely mind blowing. A little bummed out that we didn't get more about the Xbox One 2 or their streaming future and just going with Project Scarlett rather than an actual name really deflated the energy for me personally. Also, it's really going to be 6 years between games when Halo Infinite finally comes out, which seems crazy honestly. I stopped caring for the story after Reach and remember almost nothing from 4/5 but I do love me some Halo gameplay and level design so i am really looking forward to it. But fr tho Keanu Fucking Reeves. I love it.
This is correct ^ MS buying Nintendo is fan fiction at best.
I looked it up just to see, there are *[17 games in the Tales of franchise](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Tales_\(video_game_series\))*, which excluding the MMOs is actually more than Final Fantasy. Where is the Tales of please stop award lmao
Now someone edit this track over the first Gears of War trailer Edit: [oops too late i just did](https://twitter.com/sharkerteeth/status/1137915988303892480)
It felt a lot like "happy corporate pride month".. then again, I'm sure those players were STOKED to be on a press conference for their favorite game so, it's whatever. I'm happy for people who really love ESO because ESO is pretty cool.
&gt;Bethesda spending 45 minutes on mobile games is a little weird to me? I dont know why you're surprised, they have consistently spent more time on Fallout Shelter and Elder Scrolls Blades/Legends than Fallout 76 the last 3 years leading up to it's release and now past it.
I really love the "on this day" feature of the website, I remember them podcasting from this location but wasn't on the site to see this video. With all the excitement and it being E3 time of the year, the "on this day" has had some incredible gems in this past week. Wanted to share this one for anyone else who may have missed Eminem wall and leaky blood.
/u/reddit_id your gif got mentioned again live reactions style on this lmao edit: Abbys canceled, Lock Down is a masterpiece. Popcorn popcorn popcorn I was born in 2004.
What’s the difference really?
My first E3 is just a joke podcast by Ben and Abby, it isn’t meant to be quality content where they care about the sound quality. In fact, being *bad is part of the joke*. Also chill maybe?
I haven't seen anyone talking about it, but here is the [Devolver Digital E3 2019 Direct](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BnbkORoiiXo)
Yeah i like Devolver games like a lot, but haven’t really paid much attention to anything else surrounding them but man this video is... interesting and I’m mostly confused but also intrigued at what any of it means
I can’t stay silent any longer. Bjork fucking sucks.
I'm not too concerned about upsetting troll accounts, you know as well as I do they bring nothing of value to our community here. Actually, you probably know better than even the rest of us do.
THE MEDIA SHOWS US WHAT THE MEDIA WANTS US TO SEE
*Dear Claudio-O-OH, dear Claudio-O-Oh i wish GOD DAMN IT, we’ll make it if you believe!*
Keanu gives us a gift every day
Dan's wearing an All Might t-shirt. Plus Ultra!
Oh my god, I forgot about him look at his view count now! edit: **14 MILLION SUBSCRIBERS**! That is unbelievable, I am by no means some YT hipster who brags about being subscribed to channels for like 10 years before they blew up etc because I never actually subscribed to him, but back in like 2011 or so I would always watch him unbox games and consoles and like controllers and stuff. Probably for a good year straight then forgot he existed. Good on him, those videos used to get like 3k views lol.
I absolutely hate the paramilitary boner Ubi has, its like they directly make games for white dudes in a punisher t shirt who wear the guy fieri sunglasses backwards. It’s so gross.
Abby is a video producer, they don’t come to the table the same way Jan and Jason don’t and Drew didn’t as well.
That’s why we get the Vlogs and the night shows though! Check that out if you haven’t yet for mostly Abby content
Possibly one of the Rhythm Heaven games? Do you remember the platform or style? www.qlcrew.com Has a very specific search function if you can nail down any more details.
Lmao, better than “is this Bjork” i suppose!
He was in a full Spiderman suit, how the hell was ben supposed to know which Spiderman is under it? He doesn’t give a shit about comics, not to mention it was a dumb throwaway joke because 0.4 seconds before hand one of the guys says “that’s a bad fake X” (i don’t remember which character or MCU actor they joked about). It’s wildly inaccurate to call that misinformation, as if his quick throwaway joke was some sort of statement of absolute fact.
Don’t worry Jeff, you’re still cool.
There’s no such thing as an “American” accent. People talk completely different in New York, than California, than Texas than South Carolina. On top of that, dialect is different from Queens to Brooklyn etc. Tom Holland does something that Toby Maguire and Andrew Garfield never did and that’s doing a specific *queens* accent, where the character is actually from. And lastly it’s really, really good.
I love comic books and superheroes, i just don’t care if other people don’t.
No, the point is he made a throwaway joke he didn’t think twice about or ever thought about again, and you’re all missing it. This is the most “well actually” shit I’ve ever heard lmao.
Pretty cool they nailed the BOTW2 announcement
Bless
I really love this move! Also, didn’t know A Way Out did that, which is awesome.
That Dave Lang pillow is so good
Great idea, thanks!
Watching Jeff interview people is on par with live street magic. It's right there in front of your face but you still can't believe how impressive it is.
The playground games guy seems so incredibly excited about LEGOs and cars and I cant wait to play it lol
Cant improve whats already perfect
Agreed, obv. I haven’t touched the series 2 elite yet but i can confidently say the XB1 elite controller is the best controller ever created.
Agreed, it’s awesome to see these people who are passionate about their work even if im not particularly interested in it personally.
The elite controller ruined me, i honestly can’t pick up any other controller without thinking it’s cheap and inferior. Edit: what do they retail for these days? I’m sure you can grab one off eBay for a reasonable price
Based on the tone of jokes, I’m gonna guess Rorie.
There was a zero percent chance that with the combined power of Dan and Jeff RDR2 was not going to be on that list no matter what everyone else in that room said.
Agreed, my Arthur Morgan was the hottest dude in the West
It’s an incredible achievement of world building and storytelling, i stand by how much the “video game” aspects suck hard and how much i still love it as a whole speaking volumes to what that product is.
We will when they have time to compile them they’ve done it every year past. If you missed it live though their YouTube channel archived each individual segment which is how I’m catching up on the ones i missed after going to bed last night. It works in the interim.
That’s like the third party foul caught on camera lol
Lmao no love for Harrison Forrest
Anyone know if the McElroy brothers made it to E3 this year? Or are they off making a movie, pitching podcast ideas or watching Paul Blart in a bunker somewhere.
There’s no way you meant to post this without an /s
You need to beat it to death until something changes. I hate this argument of “GaMEs ShOuLD bE HaPpY FuN tiMEs” because while fun, how they get made is explicitly not fun and that is very important.
Because people try to silence those conversations by concern trolling valid points saying “i just want to hear about games” every time someone spends 20 minutes talking about the politics surrounding games and how they’re made as if there aren’t hundreds of hours of conversation around the happy fun time games. That’s why it’s controversial, i understand if you’re not into it but to complain whenever it even approaches being mentioned and discussed is a problem. Edit: i don’t know what your intent is, but if it’s not coming from a bad place it’s best to just skip past it, ignore it or don’t listen. Adding your voice in support of those who actively want to stop these conversations from happening is as bad as explicitly stating it yourself.
Because we live in a society that rewards capitalism at the expense of the humans doing the legwork??
I mean, yes and no. Your comment is pretty reductive and i don’t necessarily agree with anarchy as an identity to subscribe to, it’s something i grew out of around middle school personally but the sentiment here is that there are systemic issues within our laws that need to be rooted and destroyed to progress toward a better world, especially in America (i know police issues don’t exist at all in some countries). The actual statement of ACAB is something i don’t -actually- agree with as i do believe there are people, as individuals, in law enforcement who are good or trying to do good from their specific position of power and wouldn’t blanket attack every cop on the street. Of course one bad apple spoils the whole bunch and with these systemic problems being so ingrained in the police system who do you tell one apart from the other etc etc is a valid argument to that defense... but the image linked is pretty flimsy imo. But hey, In the eternal words of Wingnut Dishwashers Union “Fuck every cop that ever did his job and fuck every bank that never got robbed”
Are Abby and Brad okay? Lmao
After talking I see Abby is still incredibly sick, which really fucking sucks for her :/ but yeah that 1000 yard stare without blinking for a full like 2 minutes was incredibly telling when they opened.
Alex is talking about the Simpsons reading... oh no. “I’m not mad at Dan or Ben... I’m mad at god”
Seeing Danny and Mary together again on GB is so great
Jeff just made up a new word and I love it, "**fuckdiculous**"
RIP to our pal Al low key the funniest bit in this is something i didn't notice live... the lower third for the "game we're talking about" reads "Injustice", comedy fucking GOLD
I need a shower
Can someone please explain how this possibly works?
I was making a joke lol
1 and 2 have been up for a couple days now, nite 3 will be up (presumably) tonight
DAE sp00ky aN SJWS On thE cOuCH?? 😱😱😱
So, the title of this thread was copied from what the website said at the time (Reddit automatically copies the title from the URL based on the sites title), while I didn't catch the 09 and fix it manually it's not all on me for being there in the first place lol Its since been fixed on the website but I cant edit the title here obv. edit: just to prove im not a total moron here is the URL "https://www.giantbomb.com/shows/e3-vlog-09102019/2970-19359"
[link to Community Spotlight](https://www.giantbomb.com/articles/the-community-spotlight-20190615/1100-5877/)
Vinny wearing an eyepatch surely exists somewhere on the Internet right?
So this bug where the exctofuntus disappears is 100% repeatable, if you teleport there with ectophial from the bank in town it's just gone. Not invisible, you can't interact with it at all, the game just doesn't register it there at all and exiting to the lobby brings it back. tl;dr don't teleport to the ectofuntus from the bank I guess? Lol.
Every time something like this is posted there are people out here bitching and moaning “oh they’re only doing this for likes/credit/internet points/showing” like who the fuck cares *they’re still doing it* which is the important part. If people wanna clean the environment for likes and retweets or karma then let them it still benefits everyone.
I’d assume he likes the Ravens...
I mean Typhlosion is a badger so this is actually way more accurate...
Totally blew my mind she has never mentioned this talent before
*willem dafoe meme voice* [I'm something of an MSPaint artist myself...](https://www.reddit.com/r/giantbomb/comments/6sq0es/in_honor_of_mspaints_imminent_death_i_made_some/)
It’s 100% art, sure it isn’t an original image but that doesn’t make it any less valid so much fan art exists in the world that is just a copy of a scene or something and it’s just as awesome. The medium is really is cool and it’s still impressive to look at! All i can make in MSPaint is stick figures lol
Most likely yes is, i don’t even thing MSPaint has other inputs (i could be wrong tho)
Lol thank you!!
I at this point in my life pretty much don’t give a fuck about the games more than say “yeah that looks alright I’ll probably get around to playing it”. But i LIVE to hear what their takes on the games are and everything surrounding the conversations there.
They are perler beads
It’s Doctor Strange that gets me every time
Source: [os vingadores: a última cachaça](https://twitter.com/deboramb_s2/status/1140798602933133313)
Black panther, doing the X and then the “claws”
Not an answer to the clip you’re looking but i did decide to search for on YouTube for you, couldn’t find it but did find this [fucking gem](https://youtu.be/C4AAtw10-PY)
Love see an OP who loves RuneScape at the top of another sub
Did we watch the same video? What?
Yeah this has been exhausting for months now, emails has been my favorite segment of the bombcast for years and their such a slog on the beast cast. I don’t think it’s entirely on Abby when she picks them because i genuinely believe people *only* send her those kinds of questions which is very annoying
Excellent point I’ll take my lashes now
So when can i read your study? Because that’s directly up my alley (i understand not wanting to put your personal information out there) but that sounds great.
Hell yeah awesome, good luck!
It’s official, giant bomb is now the worst place to find games coverage. I’ll be canceling my premium and switching over to gamebomb.ru
Yeah super don’t. I’ve read the GB related threads over there and wanted to pull my eyes out.
Big fuckin yikes huh
This UPF feels like a classic one and I love it.
But mom said it’s my turn to be Gamer Cummies...
He’s been on giant bomb and dans twitter a lot, he’s Xavier Woods
Lol i saw the screenshot linked here no need to lie
CTR is hands down the best cart racer full stop
Yeah we don’t like wrestling talks round these parts
What...?
Brad isn’t actually bad at video games he’s just incapable of making a decision no matter how minor it may be. I’ve never gotten frustrated watching someone else play a game before but oh man Brad in the Headlights is like watching a horror movie where the killer is coming toward someone and they just stand there watching, i just want to scream DO SOMETHING, ANYTHING lol
Lmfao
Dan hates emo shit (wrongly) so you’re probably right lol
I understand it too and can empathize with it but it’s just not who i am as a person, i don’t over think things i make a decision and if it was the “wrong” way i deal with that bridge when i cross it. At the end of the day it’s just a game and you could always try again or win/play another day lol. Always trust you gut, in my experience.
Well when we’re talking in terms of strategy games or board/card games against people thinking and taking in the whole board and taking 5 minutes to make your play is like the one spot I’d say that makes sense and how you *should* play, What I’m more taking about and when referring to brads deer in the headlights thing vs how i play games are like reactive ones. Like playing Rogues Legacy, Brad will see two things flying toward him and just stop not knowing which to kill first thus getting hit by both rather than dodging one even if it means taking damage from the other... at least it’s only getting hit once OR taking 15 minutes to spend a skill point in an RPG for a health buff for damage buff for example, even if one doesn’t lock off the other at the end of the day it isn’t a big deal and you’ll get both eventually but he freezes and weighs it all out. I’m not being critical of his playstyle, at the end of the day i enjoy watching these people play games because i like these people and not looking for some MLG highlight reel. It’s just an observation watching them play.
Mother...?
No offense but this makes you sound kind of racist
It’s important when a person of color does something because it wasn’t that long ago they had to use a separate entrance.
That’s a long ass tattoo, if i were you instead of just some text i would have the artist draw up the form of an alchemy symbol used in the show but instead of solid lines make the lines made up of the words from quote. [like this](https://thumbs.dreamstime.com/z/music-word-cloud-guitar-shape-visual-representation-text-data-to-visualize-free-form-text-47383423.jpg) but [a transmutation circle](https://i.stack.imgur.com/dmAaD.jpg)
Hahha no need for gold, I’m just glad you thought it was cool too! It’s an incredibly iconic quote and could turn out awesome. You’re welcome :p
Oh we understand, we just don’t give a fuck because our parents turned our games off too and that’s funny now lmao
My favorite ASMR video [tender and emotionally intelligent Funky Kong consoles you after a messy divorce (ASMR Roleplay)](https://youtu.be/Dj7K2Bql6D4)
Further solidifies the point that nobody knows fuck all about cars
This is cool but he’s wrong
Agreed, i would want them to be able to speak candidly about it which i think Jeff would.. but Tommy would have to be in for that
It’s not slander when it’s true
I didn’t say that?
Homophobia and being closeted go hand in hand.
Everyone forgets about Hufflepump lmao
They shouldn’t be but different regions can pronounce things differently. I’ve never heard them pronounced the same way in my life however. Marry is pronounced like “AHH”, while Merry is like “EHH” English is wild.
I'm from NEPA but live in Philly. To be clear im talking about marriage, like to marry someone or to be married etc. To me "marry" rhymes with "Harry" as in Harry Potter and "Mary/Merry" rhymes with "hairy" as in hairy legs and that's the distinction im making. Do you pronounce the name "Harry" like "hairy"?
Yeah I guess it just comes down to inflection. For what it's worth I also pronounce "both" as if there were an L between the O and T and "mine" like the "Mayan" empire. In other others the word "mine" is two syllables when I say it. Like I said before, language is weird especially if everyone in your bubble speaks similarly to you. Kind of like how Dan says "Mult-AH-player" instead of "Multi-player"
You people actually talk like this in real life?
Link it anyway i don’t think the mods will mind!
This is great please follow up with a pic once you get them all in!
Ooo thanks for the heads up!
I actually agree with you, she was hard to listen to when trying to articulate a point however, and I’ve had this criticism of waypoint for a while now, i don’t think it was actually her fault. Austin and Rob and Patrick all had this way of talking over her once she started struggling almost like they were trying to articulate for her rather than allow her to stumble into finding her own footing. It actually really bothered me for a while and i think it gave her a bad rep. They did the same to Danielle who imo actually shown her best on the Tropical Freeze video with Dan when she came to visit GBEast.
You mean G4TVs own Patrick Klepkek?! *Have some respect*
I honestly thought i was the only one to notice this, the main reason it really stuck out to me was because i thought his original bio was a perfect representation of Jeff as a person
That’s a horrendous moral...
Pressured to do or putting their feet down in an attempt to make it clear Pro-GGers were not welcome in their fan base. There’s a big difference.
Friendly reminder there is nothing wrong with speculating with friends and among a community in forum comments and what Jeff is explicitly referring to is taking to the point you bombard people’s mentions (i.e Mike, Natalie, Danielle, Backalar etc).
Must be difficult hating woman so much the very sight of one implies a political agenda. Because woman only exist as politics right and not as people who exist in the world, lmao.
Yeah i also played RDR2 so what
You’re a fucking hero, whoever you are.
Wanna piggyback off this comment and mention i also don’t give a fuck about Kingdom Hearts 3
I mean, it kind of his his job as a moderator. I guess what I’m saying is, how could you say whether or not it was warranted and if you had any examples of his moderation being unwarranted. Over the last 8 years or so i spent on here and the GB website forums the ONLY time i could think of there were mass bans and threads being removed was during the beginning and height of GG... and that was *very* much warranted.
&gt;Essentially, a bunch of retards in like 4 or 5 critcal swing states in America hold the fate of the world in their hands is what it boils down to. I don’t like that word but yes. Terrifying isn’t it.
My favorite GOTY intro was the 2016 Rockin Around video where it cold opens with the rift to Fat Lip playing as Jeff’s ringtone and he answers the phone and says “Deryck Whibley from Sum 41, my man, how are yah? When ya getting here?” It gets me every fucking time. I’m on mobile but I’ll drop the YT link for anyone who missed it. https://youtu.be/ItzWRMvHDB4 Edit: yes i googled how to spell his bizarre name i didn’t just know that off the top of my head however i would like the record to reflect that All Killer No Filler is a seminal pop punk album.
Dat Izzy a Izzy BAYBEE
Whoever downvoted this never saw what a production schedule looks like, i imagine. Because you’re 100% right.
Calling BS on this and no i won’t fact check, it’s for me
He gets food poisoning more times in a year than I’ve gotten in my entire life, tf does he eat
Got a huge belly laugh out of me this morning with this comment thank you lol
🤔
Starting a war and shooting down a civilian plane can both be bad at the same fucking time. You do realize that right? What is the mindset behind defending him at this point... i need to know. Why double down? Edit: Can you people read? Honestly.
How are you gathering that from my post, can you read? I’m saying that Iran doing a bad thing (allegedly shooting down a civilian plane) can be bad while also Trump starting a war with Iran being bad. They are not mutually exclusive. Holy fuck.
I mean she’s right.
Fucking miss Tom man.
Well, one would argue openly endorsing pedophiles is inherently a problem. So...
&gt;i have the romantic sensibility of a melted, plastic heroin spoon Chuck Palahniuk is that you?
Are you implying money is not considered property? I’m confused
Can you ELI5 why hitting the pedal while turning will break the traction every time? I don’t know fuck all about cars.
This is a stock photo that rotated as a Roku TV screensaver
That’s one of the worst straw man arguments i have ever heard. Maybe they should frame your comment and label it “angry incel attempting to defend his own toxic behavior because he’s unable to confront the idea that maybe he should change”.
Abusive and violent? Assault? Idk none of those things are gender exclusive that’s just bad behavior.
Because toxic masculinity as a concept is much much deeper than “punches a wall”, it’s the dissection of the social and cultural programming that perpetuates the idea of “what it means to be a man”, “boys will be boys” etc. it’s mama Le because it’s palpable and easier to understand and break down when it comes to showing men how to be better. Bad behavior is bad behavior. This is modern day feminism 101. And for the record, there is a term for this stuff when it comes to woman, it’s old and has some shitty sexist roots but it’s called “hysteria”.
It’s really sad watching y’all not be able to move on :/
It’s called “You” and it’s on Netflix. It’s centered on the story of what happens to Dennis Reynolds after moving to New York City.
Yes but it doesn’t represent him
Keep watching and never forget the D.E.N.N.I.S system.
I’m not sure what you’re referring to when it comes to cringe dialogue, but if you’re referring to season 2 it’s meant to be a cringey exploration into SF hipster culture, the dialogue is on purpose.
It’s not uncommon in the US to have military discounts, it is however uncommon to have someone act like such an entitled little douchebag over what that discount is lol
Yet you brought your phone in with you....??
Where’s the unedited version? I need this template
Wait this is real? Lmao
Both sides arguments are a lot of words to just say “i don’t give a fuck because it doesn’t affect me”.
That picture of her foot actually made me shudder. When you hit your foot there or like between the toes on like the metal frame of a bed and it sliced that webbing or whatever is like some of the most intense pain out there. I had flashbacks. Awesome work
Only one HDMI.. have they learned?
Hey.. don’t do it. For real, we don’t care please don’t do it
That’s not what a scam is... who the fuck cares if they’re lying about why they’re selling candy, candy is candy you cop.
Call me when it’s time for the outer wilds discussion because FUCK
I actually really like the Joker movie, but Logan is straight up a better film
Fuck off with this centrist bullshit
Ya'll chill, they're working from home there is a pandemic going on
Anyone who says they haven’t picked a side did, and it’s the wrong side which.. is why they won’t say they did.
You fucking love to see. ACAB.
Rather than locking the thread I’d hope the mods use the comments here to ban on sight. Bad actors have been blowing their cover left and right all over the place with everything going on this year.
I literally gave you an out and this is what you do with it.
I’m going to stop you right here. It has been exhausting arguing with people who are unwilling to learn, bad actors, centrists and police apologists. You did not ask me an honest question you took a very simple explanation of the problem and immediately tried to put the shoe on the other foot. Get a new playbook, you are WELL aware those two things are not equal. You are well aware that comparing and holding a massive amount of citizens to the same standard as an organized police force, who by the way, sign up to presumably *protect and serve* the citizens of their state, county or town BY CHOICE is a fallacy. Don’t you dare misinterpret my first response as an open invitation to “debate me”, there is nothing else to be said here and I’m not going to explain it to you again. If you were ever going to get it you would have by now and in the words of the great Austin walker, miss me with that bullshit.
The first step to a reform is a dismantling? Why did you comment this?
&gt;you said dismantling is subsequent to reform No i didn’t?
Yeah, racists aren’t welcome here. I think that’s pretty clear in the rules.
&gt;a community that praise itself for being so great and inclusive Inclusive =/= tolerant Why is that so hard to understand? CNN isn’t a gaming website, they’re a news site. Why would you go there for games? Politics are in gaming sites because everything is political, yes that includes games whether you like it or not. Being silent is choosing a side. This post is screams of privlage, “it doesn’t affect me so i want to close my ears and not hear it”. Being willfully ignorant and complacent makes you a part of the problem, it’s that simple.
You’re who i was responding to, i don’t know who else OP would be then or why they would comment about OP when i wasn’t responding to them. You’re choosing a side by propagating the idea that they should not speak up
What a gigantic piece of shit
The face really sells this
You fucking love to see it
[do some research](https://www.cnn.com/2020/06/01/us/george-floyd-independent-autopsy/index.html) before you start licking them boots honey
I would literally die for Claire from the BA test kitchen
Was getting nervous he wasn’t gonna do the W
Yeah Joel used to be the kinda weird but funny uncle.. now he’s the weird racist uncle. Sad really.
*While you were reading this, he stole your girl. No take backs, champ.*
Oh 100%, every time.
Yeah check out his TL
You’re incredible talented
How is it already out of stock holy shit
I got a copy for $80 😭😭😭 I’m so happy
This is a real bummer but I’m happy that people are feeling empowered enough to finally come forward and speak out about their abuse.
Dude it’s 9 cents, i can’t think of a single game that isn’t worth at least 9 cents.
American here, smokes are about $7-8 a pack. What is going on in Australia?!
Back in the day there were a CaH TNTs and they made plans to do a [giant bomb themed expansion pack](https://www.cardsagainsthumanity.com/GB/) (which as of tonight Jeff just explained why it never came to fruition interestingly enough though the link to card suggestions still works on the CAH website).
I don’t know why you’re saying this to me, clearly Jeff felt it was enough of a relationship to make this statement so...?
Public off is my bestfriend
Chairs are the most difficult thing to make
