.....my room, 10 minutes.
I wish they’d shake things up even more and implement a “only one of a species” rule for all battles; gym and raid included. I’m sure they won’t though and that would piss off more people than it would make happy.
Just gotta make a rule; minimum of 70 or 75 total or you re-roll.
I was very excited to see this post, wondering who wanted to be friends with me, but alas, I am not the Jeff you desire.
Every day that goes by, more and more I start to think that our species doesn't have the capability, as a whole, to bury the hatchet and actually work towards world peace. No matter what happens, *someone* will always want to "get back" at those they hate, or who once caused pain, and with that mentality we can never find peace because there will *always* be someone looking to get back at someone else. Forever.
You're missing the broader point here. No one is calling for people to forgive war criminals. I'm certainly not asking you to like this man, or suddenly agree with his politics, or to ignore the deeds he's done. What I *am* asking YOU for, specifically, is to understand that you don't need to say anything in this moment. You can just silently go about your day while this man grieves the loss of a father. If you choose not to do that, if you choose to instead get back at him with hateful comments in an attempt to cause pain at worse, and make yourself feel better at best, then someone else is going to see that, develop anger toward you *and people you are representing*, and then try to get back at *that group* by causing them pain, and then they'll try to get back at that person by causing them pain somehow, and then the cycle never stops. You don't need to like this man, care about him, or do anything positive towards him. But you can also choose to just say *nothing* in this moment and move on. Because all you, and the other people like you, are doing is pissing people off, and that is not going to help your cause the way you seem to think it is.
I would say that someday those words will be ashes in your mouth, but I don't think you care.
You need to pierce through the blind rage and start reading the things people are typing. I'm not defending this guy. I'm not saying he's a good person. I'm not ignoring his actions or claiming they are somehow justified or can be excused. But in this moment in time, he's grieving the loss of his father, and you and anyone else chiming in to call him a monster who deserves all the pain in the world makes you guys the real cunts. Because *doing* that literally does *nothing* for all those people in Iraq you just brought up. Don't scapegoat them so you can feel empowered. You're just feeding off your anger and anonymity. If you were face to face with Bush right now, instead of an anonymous person on the Internet, I wonder if you'd actually say these things to him. And no, telling me "I absolutely would" doesn't count as the same thing.
Hmmm.... could an illusion wizard with malleable illusions cast a 6th level *major image* and then just constantly change the nature of the illusion wherever they go? You could change it to an illusion of a pin on your robe, then alter the illusion into whatever you wanted, and then alter it back into a pin again when it wasn’t needed and never have to cast *major image* again until it was dispelled, so basically free *major image* after you regain that spell slot.
I honestly hate that it requires a bonus action. Like; why can’t it just require no action?
That actually sounds plausible.
So, what exactly can you do in the game at the moment? I see about missions and such; is that basically the gameplay right now? Running missions? Is there any good trucking/cargo hauling in the game now? I've been waiting to take my Freelancer MAX on such missions and now I see it finally got released.
Zara has to suffocate in that mososaur, though, burned alive by stomach acid, crushed by the movements of the mososaur’s esophagus and stomach, drowning; being swallowed alive has to be an awe full way to go. It’s not like the mosasaur bit her so she died right away.
Was the Regret actually himself in that instance, or just the Gravemind puppeting his body with Regret's thoughts and memories, so that it would act like Regret? And in the end... is there a difference?
Everyone likes green flamer bros, though. We need some more of them.
Toph's line especially was supposed to be the real unambiguous part. As you said Jet told Katara not to heal him, and said he was fine, and when they walk away, Toph mutters "he's lying."
/r/NothingEverHappens
We don't know when Noir, Peni, and Ham arrived; they easily could have been sent back in time as well, maybe just not as much as Gwen was.
I’ve been debating making all feats give a half ASI on taking them, which can go into any ability. That way there is still some stat adjustment, just not a full 2 points.
As far as Sorcerers go, I saw one suggestion for them which was a new feature; once per day, the sorcerer can cast ANY spell from the sorcerer spell list (of a level they have slots for, and spending a spell slot as normal) that they don’t yet know. Let’s them actually feel like casters who can conjure magic from their own will, pulling out *exactly* the kind of spell they need at a given moment without really knowing it.
I agree.
I like giving people the +2 for ASI, keeping feats optional.
But it really isn’t, because human minds are fallible and it should be universal knowledge that people can fall into patterns due to repetition. Sometimes we do things without thinking about it as we autopilot.
Ha! De’em is actually my setting’s Overdeity. He’s lawful neutral. Players have interacted with a few of his effects already. I’m gonna have to add this as legal homebrew for my games, alongside the Warlock DM patron.
That's unlikely; he really enjoys playing the bard and does not want to stop (unless circumstance demands it, like a death). But willingly stopping to play her I don't see him wanting to do. He's even said that depending on what happens, the rogue will have to make a case for why the bard wouldn't follow him, which the player himself understands. He doesn't want her to follow him; he wants to keep playing the bard.
You and /u/justletmeusetheap both hit on an idea I've had; the rogue gets thrown into another plane, or has to stay behind in a portal to close the portal. The group can't quite planar travel yet, but they do know a high-level wizard who they could ask to help with saving the rogue, which would make that more difficult. Edit: Though I suppose, if it were the Abyss, I could justifiably explain that any attempts to track him down are failing. I could also use this opportunity to bring back a character they had previously defeated (a fiend warlock) as a deathlock and have some cool history there.
You think I can do that, but if you read my post you'll see that at least one player won't accept that; he needs things to make sense in-universe or he'll be unhappy with the game. Maybe that's a "problem player" issue, but it's the current situation I'm trying to work through.
The simple answer is that the group/players want more than that, so I want to give them more than that. The Rogue in particular *wants* to be separated from the party because he thinks that would be cool, and wants him to be surviving on his own in the background and fighting to make his way back. And I think that's cool too, and I want to make that work. I just need ideas and jumping-off points.
It's not that I don't want immersive story; I totally do. This goes a bit further into it, but we've spent a lot of time on the rogue/bard relationship for quite a few of our recent sessions, and most of the rest of the group wants to move on and actually do stuff like work towards defeating the lich, with one character's backstory stuff having been sitting in the background waiting to be engaged with, but we haven't been able to do that partially because of all the focus on the bard/rogue. I don't want to get into the whole thing; we as the group are doing fine. I don't mind if the character is grieving for their love, I just don't want *everyone else's* enjoyment derailed by "we need to now only focus on getting the rogue back" stuff. Because everyone *knows* why we can't and shouldn't do that, but the bard is so dedicated to their character's motivations that they have basically told me they will do that if the story doesn't make it flawlessly clear that they can't do it. So, it's not a "I want things my players don't want" type of thing. And the bard player completely understands why we need to have the rogue disappear for a while. I think the most accurate summation of the situation is that this same player will not have their character go along with the rogue disappearing unless I can spin the story well enough that their character would go along with it. Hand waving it wouldn't be a good enough justification for them. They are extremely into the role-playing aspect of D&amp;D so I gotta work with that.
Yep, I'm essentially going to go for this. Rogue is going to have to close a portal which can only be done on the other side. And that'll then blend into other things later in the campaign, since he'll be going someplace where the party will later need to go.
That sounds like it'd be a great idea with certain groups/players, but I don't think the bard player would accept that. He really likes the love dynamic and I think attempts by me to remove that sense of agency by saying "now all that love and romance is gone!" would go over poorly. I DO think we can/should play with the love lost trope though, and actually this can serve into an interesting potential dynamic later; bard had received a tarot reading a while ago saying to beware a smooth-talking attractive man who would lead her to pain. Maybe some devils on the other side figure out what's going on and send agents in an attempt to beguile the bard later, fulfilling that reading. Maybe when the player comes back, I'll ask if the rogue would like to play as a doppleganger for a little while, having "escaped from hell", but the reality is they now have to rescue the rogue. I think that leaves the agency I know is so important (to these players and in general).
Angry GM wrote about this, and it's something I actually have been trying to get my players to consider more. My system works off of Angry's system, with some tweaks. Basically, after you roll to hit, and if you do hit, roll another d20. If that die also hits, you hit the specific body part you were aiming for (otherwise, you just get a normal hit that didn't hit the specific region you were hopin for). You deal damage to the monster as normal, but the body part in question has its own set of HP, which is usually 1/4 to 1/8 of the monster's HP (depending on how important/large the body part is). Do enough damage targeting that body part and you damage or destroy that body part, and it affects the monster appropriately. I haven't run into any issues yet, but then my players haven't really tried to use it yet. I just have it waiting in the wings.
I regret doing this to my shiny Nidorino. Now it’s so boring. Didn’t realize how those candies worked.
You’re not wrong to interpret the situation that way; honestly that’s kinda what it is. But the player in question is a good friend of mine who I know very well, and as such and I know that the best course of action here is to try and give him the encounter he wants. I spoke to him in the first place *because* I expected this exact reaction. I knew he wouldn’t give me an “easy out” here and wanted to discuss it with him. I know without question that he’s not attempting to disrupt the game; he just has certain expectations about how D&amp;D works, and I know that I’m not going to be the one to convince him otherwise. If I can succeed at doing what he expects, everything will be fine. And if I can’t, everything will still be fine because I made the attempt and *then* I believe, disappointed though he may be, he’ll accept what needs to be done.
I definitely love the book as well, but do agree that it’s mildly confusing. Luckily, we have the wonderful ability to modify things and “homebrew the homebrew” as much as we want, and I guarantee that Matt will think it’s wonderful. For my part, this is how I am running strongholds and followers. First, at least for my current game/party, everyone gets to benefit from the stronghold together; it’s not just one player who is the “owner” and gets the perks. Second, similar to what you described, the party can pay for special rooms. These are taken from the [Warlock Homebrew’s Stronghold rules](https://www.dmsguild.com/m/product/207377 ), though I am working on trying to incorporate the extended rest mechanic into some of them (because I very much like it). A Stronghold, using both of these systems together, has a number of room points equal to the stronghold’s size. At any point, including during construction or upgrade times, the party can pay for a special room so long as they have enough room points. Upgrading a stronghold increases the size of the stronghold and thus the number of room points, allowing for more special rooms (though this isn’t a requirement). Third, a structure has enough room in its walls for a number of follower units equal to 1/2 its size value (+1 for any Lodging special room purchased), and any extra units camp outside its walls. This is done pretty much only to keep track of who/what is outside the keep in case that becomes a necessary thing to know. Fourth, once they successfully defend the stronghold, everyone in the party will gain their class’s special bonus feature. Fifth, whenever they get the chance to gain a new follower I’m going to randomly determine which class’s chart to roll on (choosing from the party’s classes) and then roll for a follower from there. So they could gain a druid-specific follower, then later a bard-specific follower, etc. Warfare rules will remain as they are described. And that’s how I’m going to use this supplement. I really enjoyed the special rooms I had been using and I’m incorporating them into the system as above. And I really like the followers and will be using them. My party has a keep they got as a reward for clearing it out and then defending the nearby city from an orc invasion. They spent a good amount of gold repairing the keep and buying rooms months ago, and as a result their keep is lvl 2. They are gaining some units who will hang around the keep, which my ultimate goal to be the hope that they continue to accrue more allies for a Mass Effect-style end game conflict with the BBEG.
I’m glad you like the concepts! I do think the “have to defend to receive the benefits” aspect comes right from the book as it stands. If I’m remembering, Matt describes the land itself lending power to the strongholds owners, but only when it’s been defended. I might reflavor these as blessings by different deities, or just let it be the land itself as Matt describes; haven’t decided yet. The one thing I can really say I don’t like about the rules presented in the book is the demesne effects described in the “strongholds by class” section. Things like a bard’s stronghold causing hoofbeats around the area to be musical, or the weather being of a particular kind around the paladin’s stronghold. That’s just a flavor thing for me really, and just refers to my ideal that the party shouldn’t suddenly be able to cast a high level spell, even once per day, just because they own a bit of land somewhere. One lets the owner know when ANYONE has entered their demesne, and that becomes iffy when you have a stronghold inside or just outside a major city (as my party’s is). I very well may use these in other ways, though. They are certainly neat; I just don’t know if they fit my setting.
Nope. Got myself a bear pelt. Started heading toward Valentine. Accidentally passed two people while I was near the river; killed me before I even finished passing them.
What even happened? It seemed like it was in a safe spot.
My friends and I call them cat monies.
Sounds like the DM isn't making them roll; they are just rolling. The DM needs to tell them no; their attempt to pick the lock as failed, and they cannot attempt again. The lock is beyond them. I only allow rerolls if the players *do something* which could meaningfully allow them to try again. For example, if they were attempting to knock down a door, and the barbarian rolled a natural 1 and only managed a paltry check of 6 as a result, they don't get to try again. But if someone else in the party dug into their backpack and pulled out a crowbar, and handed it to the barbarian, now the circumstances have changed and they can roll again. Or maybe they decided to rage and try again; meaningful change means they can do so. I might even allow a re-roll if the barbarian got creative; "Okay, this time I'll get a running start at the door, leading with my shield to try and just smash it down instead of just pushing it." Sure.
I had a D&amp;D character I stupidly named Alexa. We had to disable the mic on our Echo every time we played.
She was a human Artificer with Find Familiar, and her familiar was a Bubo-like owl construct named Euclid (I’d “cast it” to change his form by tinkering with him and replacing parts to make new animal forms).
I’m really hoping for a “Padawan” skin (season 3+ design w/ green sabers) as her base skin, and a “Fulcrum” skin (Rebels w/ white sabers) as a second skin at minimum. Maybe an “Outcast” or something skin for this new season when she’s no longer a Jedi.
It’s legitimately amazing now. I play with both UA cards and absolutely rip people to shreds. [I should have died multiple times here](https://imgur.com/a/mgXyWrR) but made it through.
I believe there was some explanation given that the dementors are supposed to be different in-universe as well. That with the new rise of Voldemort, dementors working with him and/or one’s not operating under direct Ministry control purposefully weren’t wearing their cloaks. Almost like the cloak was a Ministry uniform, maybe to make them appear slightly less hideous to people. Up to you if that explanation suffices, of course.
I've been looking for something I can use besides Roll20 for when I actually have everyone in the room for D&amp;D. I'd love to check this out but it's not letting me login; keeps throwing an error when I try to connect my Patreon.
Owner is an ass, is the simple explanation. I still use it because it’s the best option for gaming online with my group, but I don’t do so happily.
WE HAVE OUR OWN SUB?! *subscribes*
I believe fire and steel is a GoT thing.
Anakin and Obi-Wan kept their robes on in RotS until they had to actually fight Dooku. Before then they were fighting droids fine with the robes on.
Apparently Fire and Steel is a book series by Gerald N. Lund.
It's tough if you have players who then take the attitude of "The DM is being an asshole because he won't even *let me try.*" or "The DM is being a jerk because he's not *letting the dice decide if I can do something with my +15 persuasion* and instead just deciding it doesn't work." I've seen people with this mentality.
Flight is at 8th level, not 10th. But besides that, I don't think it's a terribly unreasonable limitation. I do agree that the lack of swimming forms is frustrating sometimes; you just wanna turn into a fish or something but you can't.
A famous man assaulted a famous woman in a vehicle. That assault was domestic abuse. That man would have killed her if she hadn’t defended herself and called for help.
The perfect game is one where we get Ep 1 Anakin as a hero. Oh wait, Star Wars Episode 1: Racer is already a thing.
And I don’t see the issue with that, honestly. If the chosen demographic isn’t available, I’d still like to hear from people next to that demographic who can still offer interesting insight.
I've always held that Palpatine didn't get where he did by literally being unbeatable at everything, and knowing literally every possible move everyone around him made. He was good at doing that, sure, but he succeeded because he was *good at thinking on his feet* and learned how to take advantage of situations. So with that in mind yes; Mace legitimately beat him. And then, oh how well Palpatine had manipulated him, *Anakin* walks in, and Palpatine knows *exactly* what he needs to do in that moment.
It's about shiny Steelix, surely.
[This alarm.](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iNpXCzaWW1s) It's a popular one; lots of companies and clocks use it. And just about every time I hear it I almost get something resembling PTSD. Back in high school, I had a clock that had this alarm that I used to wake up. Had it for years. And then, one night, I had the most lucid nightmare I have ever had or had since. I was in my bed, when my alarm went off. I woke up as usual, turned over, and turned the alarm off. Only it didn't stop. The alarm continued. I tried again. No change. After a few more fruitless attempts at flipping the switch, I tried to pull out the batteries. Still alarming. Getting a bit panicked now, I pulled the cord set into the wall (dream logic; this clock didn't have a cord and ran completely on batteries). Still alarming. Starting to get a headache, and not knowing what else to in my sudden panic to get the damn noise to stop, I picked up the clock and chucked it against the far wall. It shattered into hundreds of pieces, cogs and wires and shards of glass and metal in a heap on the floor. But the alarm continued. Dismayed. I quickly crossed to the room to the other side of my bed where I threw it, not sure what else to do except start smashing the remains Office Space-style. And then my mother burst into the bedroom. It was definitely her; I could recognize her somehow. But it wasn't her. She was monstrous, like an eldritch horror, her face twisted into some demonic creature's, claws and teeth and fur and scales. Something like a banshee and an orc rolled into one. I think she was just an amalgamation of every monster and horror trope I knew. She smashes in through the door with pure hatred and spite on her face, practically radiating her desire to kill me as violently as possible. Shocked and terrified as she rushed in, before she could reach me the floor where I stood fell away. I fell through blackness, could feel my body rotating horizontally onto my back, and suddenly found myself back in my bed under the covers, with my alarm still blaring on the dresser near me. I got up and tried to turn it off again. No dice. I went through the motions fervently; removing the batteries, pulling the power. Still it alarmed. I took it in my hands and twisted it, snapping it. Still it rang. And then I remembered my mother and ran to the far side of the room on the other side of the bed again as she raged in, bellowing and monstrous. And then the floor gave way beneath me again. And I fell again. And landed in my bed again. And still the alarm blared on. I don't know how many times I repeated this scenario, Groundhog Day style; waking up in my bed, trying to stop my alarm, failing, seeing my "mother" rush into the room to punish or kill me, falling, and waking back up in my bed. All with that same "do-do-do-do, do-do-do-do, do-do-do-do" constantly sounding around me. I want to say around 10, but it could have been more. At a certain point I realized, of course, that I was dreaming. I think I knew it from the beginning, but after a few rotations I decided I might as well try to have some fun with this. At the beginning of one rotation I woke up and, ignoring the alarm, stepped out of my room. I headed into the kitchen. My mother was at the sink, chopping vegetables or something, looking normal. I walked up to her and stood right beside her. Somehow, even though I was 16 or 17 I remember having to look up at her like I was 8. She didn't acknowledge me. I said something insulting to her; can't even remember what it was, and rushed back to my room as I heard her roar in fury behind me. I ran to the far side of my bed and dropped down, hugging the floor, willing it "drop away, drop away, DROP AWAY!" as I heard her thundering after me, terrified that this time it wouldn't drop. This time it would remain solid and she'd run at me and grab me and tear into me. She burst into the room, monstrous as usual, and the floor fell away. And I landed back in my bed again. But I didn't know how to end the cycle. I couldn't stop the alarm, which had been constant during this entire nightmare. I didn't know how to wake up. Normally, whenever I've lucid-dreamed before I had been able to "make" myself do an exaggerated "waking up" motion and thus wake myself up in real life, but that wasn't working now. I was on the verge of a break down. I woke up at the beginning of one cycle, just completely defeated. I left the room, again ignoring the alarm, and stepped out into the house. I went downstairs to the living room. My mother and step-father were sitting on the couch watching TV. I sat between them, and they didn't acknowledge me. I could still hear the alarm pounding in my head. I buried my face in my hands, wishing it would stop, and thought to myself, "I'm going to miss school." And then I was back in my bed again, waking up. I looked at the alarm clock, still blaring, having never stopped. I reached over and hit the switch. And glorious silence. I was awake at last. And I stopped using that alarm after that. I reminded me too much of my own personal Groundhog Nightmare. Started using the radio function instead so I didn't have to listen to that 4-tone alarm anymore. And to this day I hate the sound of that alarm more than any other. Legitimately true story; I hate that dream and hope I never have to suffer through one like it again.
I've been debating trying to introduce a mechanic in a setting where experience is *actually* a quantifiable and measurable energy source that people can exploit to grow stronger. That it's known that this magical energy infuses people as they adventure, fight foes, and make their mark upon the world, but only the more daring seek it out because it's, of course, dangerous to adventure. It'd have to be a campier kind of setting, like the sort of thing where the barman at the tavern actually says "I see you're an adventuring party. I have a quest for you if you'd like to take it." Maybe the big-bad is some sort of reality-altering god who infuses the world with video game-like mechanics just for their own enjoyment. Like a Sword Art Online thing.
I assume it's popular with the "Welsh" trainers of the "UK" region.
I'm willing to bet it might just be "mouth moving" animations over the text box, but they could surprise us.
Maybe both will be in each game as part of the story, but you are only given the opportunity to catch one of them depending on the version you have, like in Gen 3.
Yes that’s my point. You will get to see both in the story, but only catch one depending on the version you own. Like in Gen 3.
I must be confusing Emerald with the other two then; I thought Groudon and Kyogre can be seen fighting in both Ruby and Sapphire. I think Gen 5 is the best comparison actually (assuming I am properly remembering), because you do see both dragons regardless of the game, but they have swapped roles depending on which version you have.
Thank you for correcting me!
I think the only thing you did "wrong" is not being more firm about how RPGs work, and not shutting down their actions. A player cannot just decide "I'm going to do X, and then Y, and that will lead to Z, and then I'll have won." That's how it works in a forum RPG, which is what they knew, but tabletop isn't like that. Forum RPGs, in my experience, are really less like RPGs and more like collaborative writing. They aren't really games, because everything that happens is "planned" and decided by the participants. You're all basically writing a novel together. D&amp;D is about *not* knowing what's going to happen, and having to make decisions and take actions the way your character would "in the real world." So yeah, maybe you made a mistake here, but only in the sense that these players clearly had no idea how D&amp;D is actually played and had unreasonable expectations.
I actually think a Coruscant/Clone Wars update would make sense. They could potentially have a lot of content with that. Give us Ahsoka and Ventress as new heroes. Battle of Coruscant space content. Jedi Temple maps for GA, CS, etc., a horde mode or arcade mode based around Order 66, and MAYBE Droidekas and Clone Commandos as new CS units. And then no more Clone Wars era content for a while.
Pre Vizsla or Sabine Wren are two others.
It's the same way with going to Harry Potter World in Universal. I was chatting with the bartender in the Hog's Head about their drink selection, and said something that prompted him to ask what House I was part of. When I said Gryffindor, he said he was surprised I wasn't a Ravenclaw. When I asked him what house he was in, he explained that "When I watch Quidditch, I root for Ravenclaw," because apparently if you aren't in Hogwarts student dress you aren't allowed to say what your House was. Very cool way to answer and still slide under the rules. Also, firewhiskey is pretty awesome, though not a whiskey at all. More like a mixed drink.
You really are. I never wanted to leave. One day I literally had breakfast in the Three Broomsticks, stopped at Gringotts, then shopped around Diagon Alley before taking the Hogwarts Express to Hogsmeade. Unfortunately, Disney is going to make that a bit harder because you aren't allowed to dress up in the park if you are 13 or older, so that potential immersion just vanishes.
I remember it not being very strong, but I asked my gf and she said she remembers it just being Fireball. So either Fireball isn't as intense as I remember from the last time I had it (which was years ago), or they watered it down or something.
Using a red lightsaber doesn't make you dark; at that point that a lightsaber is completed and the blade is red, it's just a tool. But *creating* a red kyber crystal is an inherently dark act, as you need to use the dark side to corrupt the crystal and cause it to "bleed," changing it from whatever color it was to red in the process. So it's extremely unlikely that a Jedi could create a red lightsaber without falling to the dark side.
I think you are misunderstanding the concept a bit. A kyber crystal exists even before it is discovered by the Jedi/Padawan that it calls to. It's just completely colorless, and indistinguishable from the ice that surrounds it. But when a Jedi finds the crystal which resonates with them through the Force, the crystal changes color to reflect the Jedi, and that informs the color of their lightsaber blade. This also means their lightsaber is attuned more closely to them. But the lightsaber ultimately still remains a tool which anyone can use, which is evidenced multiple times throughout the franchise. And once a crystal's color is chosen it can only change under two circumstances (as far as we know); when a Sith bends the crystal to their own will to turn it red, and when someone else later heals that same crystal, which turns it white.
All the animation looked janky to me, honestly.
Weird story either way. Like, why is this mysterious person's MiL flipping out about cutlery choice?
I am also a bit confused, and hope that's just honest ignorance on my part. I have heard that phrase before, but never in a racist way, or at least not that I was aware of at the time. I thought it was just a rhyme.
Okay, I wondered if that was the situation, but I wasn't sure if there was more too it than that. Thank you.
He's mine. I always connected with him, and he has a strong moral compass while still being, you know, human and fallible.
Every single movie has amazing moments/scenes, and I appreciate them just for that. Even if the movie as a whole fell flat in general, all of them did *something* well. A few things well, really.
Beyond everything else from CC not making much sense, I'm curious how Voldemort even would have done that; Harry is still the master of the Elder Wand in that universe, so Voldemort's spell would have rebounded anyway. The only difference is that he wouldn't have died outright as a result, since Nagini would still be tethering him to the mortal plane. But he'd be unable to do anything besides flee.
Listening to the books again. Ron more and more does annoy the hell out of me as time goes on. He's an ass to Hermione in PoA (though Hermione is also an ass to him, imho). Then an ass to Harry in GoF, then an ass to Hermione again in HBP. I fully understand that Ron has a lot of baggage; he's the youngest son in a family of 7. He's not "special" in any way. He's constantly living in the shadow of his older brothers, even his younger sister (who is special by the fact that she's the only girl), and of his two best friends (one is Harry F-ing Potter, one is likely the smartest girl in the whole school). But even so, he really just goes for anger all the time and immediately forgets his friendships.
I personally love the aesthetic of the clothing in the films, including the school robes. I know that wizard dress is supposed to be entirely divorced from muggle dress, but I still like the aesthetic and don't mind that change.
The stubbornness of people is so damn frustrating. The game stopped being P2W within 2 hours of it going live; they literally removed that functionality. I understand that the outrage is what sparked that change, but honestly; reward the company that listens to their fans and makes positive changes.
It'd be really interesting to see the version of our reality where each season of the anime actually follows the protagonist(s) of that generation instead of Ash every time. I don't dislike Ash, but keeping each season separate could be interesting.
Krabby did this way back in Kanto, evolving mid-championship *mid-battle* into Kingler after somehow stomping on an Exeggutor (which had type advantage). That's precedent for it and he needs it.
I believe Krabby *literally* used Stomp to win that fight. After using... Vice-Grip?
They need to go back to non-humanoid fire starters. Every fire starter since Gen III has been humanoid by the final evo, and I think that's really the problem. Even Charizard and Typhlosion almost fit that form; both are bipedal. They really should embrace some more animalistic fire starters. I'm 99% sure we won't get that though, since Scorbunny is already bipedal as is.
I'd love to see a reversed triangle for the starters. Like, Grass/Fighting, Fire/Rock, Water/Flying as examples. So that their primary types combat each other in the traditional way, but the secondary typings are the opposite. The Grass starter's Fighting type is SE against the Fire starter's Rock type, the Fire starters Rock type is SE against the Water starter's Flying type, etc.
True, and there's no telling if someone's favorite is going to get left behind or not.
Right. Evens things out and is just an interesting mechanic.
&gt; Every ***fire*** starter since Gen III has been humanoid by the final evo
That's the best. Warm enough that the cheese and any fat or oil isn't a congealed mess, but cold enough that it still holds its shape well. I make a good amount of pizza, and the best part is not just eating it fresh, but the next day when I take a few slices to work for lunch and get to enjoy the leftovers.
There's this frustrating circle jerk I've been seeing for years that Harry is a moron who barely knows that 2 + 2 = 4. It's asinine. Harry shows again and again throughout the series that he doesn't have a bad mind. In fact, that's exactly what the Sorting Hat says about him way back in PS: "Not a bad mind either. There's talent, oh my goodness, yes-" He's a good student when he doesn't have a shitty teacher holding him back, which is what Snape is, and which is also what Trelawney and Binns are in their own way. Not to mention Umbridge; as McGonnagall herself says, Harry received consistently high marks in DADA whenever he was being taught by a competent teacher. That's true of all his lessons though; when he's got a decent teacher he does well. Harry might not have the same drive to excel as Hermione, but that doesn't make him stupid.
They could have combined Mega Evolution with the concept of Dynamaxing, where mega evolution energy can be pumped into any Pokemon to make it stronger, and the ones that can mega evolve also mega evolve at the same time. I'm reminded of Pokken Tournament; in that game every Pokemon can enter a super state for a brief period of time. Pokemon that don't have a Mega just get all glowy and more powerful (and I think their moves change as well). Pokemon that do have a Mega just Mega Evolve. But it makes it so that every Pokemon can get a power-up, not just the ones with a mega. So with this hypothetical system, the Pokemon wouldn't grow bigger, but they'd get that cool glowing energy if they were a species that doesn't mega evolve. Just call it "Mega Energy" or something. Then we could still have those raid battles; call THOSE Pokemon Dynamaxed. Explain that Dynamaxing can happen to wild Pokemon that absorb too much Mega Energy and grow huge as a result.
They do this constantly; introduce some sort of new mechanic or feature that people love, and then get rid of it by the next game. There's no sense of progression because nothing good sticks around.
I have some friends who list Banjo as being the worst thing to happen to the series. Reason; there are other Nintendo franchises with tons of characters not represented that should be in the game before any “third-party” characters are introduced.
Yeah I don’t agree with the sentiment. But Banjo-Kazooie is coming regardless so I didn’t bother getting into the discussion much.
If you are talking about the liquid metal line, I would disagree. It’s not as shiny and metallic as those paints, I think. Doesn’t have that luster that the liquid metal gives. I think it’s closer to a Citadel metal; which is a more “matte” metal. Unless you are talking about a different Vallejo paint in which case please ignore me.
What kind of camera did you use for this? I have a DSLR that takes great pics, but the depth of field destroys any attempt to take videos like this; even on a 6” wide rotator plate, using a lens with a 200 mm focal length to try and decrease the DoF, I can either get the front row in focus, the guy in the middle, or the back row. Phone camera meanwhile does better with the DoF, but the image quality is significantly worse.
I just have to say, I really appreciate the influx of positive posts about Harry lately. I feel like I've spent *years* on this subreddit seeing everyone hate on and complain about Harry being a horrible person/character, so it's nice to not see that. Harry is my favorite character in the whole series.
They are fantastic. In my opinion, they get better with age, as you're able to appreciate more subtle things and see how stuff in earlier books ties into stuff in later books.
I see! Yeah I'm looking at an example model on Google. I think it comes out a bit darker/redder than the Vulture, but that might just be a difference in lighting. Definitely agree it'd be a close match, though.
Enjoy, and happy cake day!
I’m severely out of the loop. What trauma did he go through?
Of course. Hermione was too, as was Ron. And Harry was particularly an asshole in Book 5 due to things he couldn't help. It's just that the general discussion seemed to always be "Harry is literally the worst" and I never was a fan of it.
Interesting. Newer model? I'm still rocking a 6S.
That's absolutely awful. I had no idea. Poor guy. I do hope he's finding peace.
How very curious! I'll have to do some figuring out what I'm doing wrong. Thanks for the info!
I use mine for weather info and as a Bluetooth speaker mostly, plus timers and the occasional question.
Hey now. Charizard is my favorite, but I’m absolutely not happy with this BS either. Don’t get upset at people like me just because we like a Pokémon that is popular. We didn’t ask for this.
This baby can take so much radiant damage.
Wasn’t there some huge test you could take where every Pokémon was compared to another, and at the end you had a ranking of all your favorite Pokémon in order?
Oh man, I have a wizard with Catapult. I should be making up some alchemical fire and stuff and catapulting it into enemies. It'd be the damage of the Catapult plus the fire damage of the alchemical fire, right?
I've gotten more than a few kills with it, rolling max or nearly max on 3d8 is pretty juicy, especially at lower levels. One time I asked the DM if I could catapult a sword on a decorative wall stand into a bandit. I wasn't expecting any extra damage, but if it did kill him I wanted it to flavorfully impale him through the chest. Well, he did fail his saving throw and I roll max damage, but the DM decided that no, the sword doesn't just fly off the stand, because it's actually welded there. The WHOLE STAND flew into this guys head and mashed his skull in like a watermelon. That was better.
I'm the wizard with Catapult. I definitely make sure I'm aware of my surroundings before I use it, but this does provide some fun extra utility if I can get the material. Maybe I could pull a Magneto and catapult a silver piece into a werewolf, for example. I'm waiting for the opportunity to use it in a utilitarian way, like if I need to get an object somewhere exactly 90 feet away, just rocket it over there where it will stop, the spell will end, and it will just thunk down onto the floor.
The sequel trilogy is officially the "Cold War Era". Edit: I'm not quite accurate in saying that. Rather, the 29 years of conflict from after the Battle of Endor to the destruction of the Hosnian system is known as the "Cold War." Technically it stopped being a cold war once the First Order attacked the Republic. There's no official term for the open war between the Resistance and the First Order, as far as I know, but considering that's only lasted a few days in canon since it started, arguably the "Cold War Era" is not a terrible term to use. But, it's not the official term as I thought it was; I just mis-remembered what the Cold War referred to. [Source](https://starwars.fandom.com/wiki/Cold_war)
[I should be more accurate; the main conflict from 5 ABY to 34 ABY is known informally as the Cold War. That term technically stops making sense once the First Order attacked the Republic capital, however.](https://starwars.fandom.com/wiki/Cold_war)
That's actually exactly when the Cold War ended, and the First Order/Resistance entered open warfare. I was incorrect to say that the sequel trilogy goes by that name; it's just the name given to the 29 years of conflict between RotJ and TFA, and which extends into most of TFA. My original comment was inaccurate. [Source](https://starwars.fandom.com/wiki/Cold_war)
Yeah I don't think it's necessarily appropriate to call the Sequel Trilogy the Cold War. It would better be called whatever they end up calling this open war.
I love it! You should do one for all the big chapters, plus Grey Knights. I’d love to see a Salamanders one.
This. If a game with lootboxes had some sort of "sell back what I don't want" system, and/or a "you can directly buy the item you want if you have the coin" system, I wouldn't have any issue with it. But a majority of games don't have that. Even Overwatch, which is generally accepted to be pretty good as far as loot box mechanics go, still forces you to purchase X-amounts of loot boxes to accrue enough gold to be able to buy the item you want, with no options to sell back skins you aren't interested in. Personally, I don't like that and no one else seems to understand why.
No, don't you see? /u/factorysealed is actually the new account for /u/tablesaw, and /u/RandomizedRedditUser was the one who finally cracked the code!
Check through ALL of your stickers, frames, etc. in the profile picture section. I found all my hiding red dots there, and likely you'll unlock more as you level up. Unfortunately the only way I could figure out how to clear the red dots was to click on each item individually.
My bad; totally missed the Diagon Alley part.
Yeah, like /u/ZKXX said; my battery saver is off as well but I can't keep the game open. That makes it really difficult to try and get any portkeys because I can't just put the phone in my pocket and walk around; I need to be constantly fiddling with it.
I really think the best thing they could do is introduce an energy-renewing potion (or, I suppose more ideally, a few different ones of different potencies). Brewing potions requires both time and effort spent in the game; time to brew the potion and effort to collect the ingredients. So it doesn't trivialize the experience by giving you energy for free, but makes energy generation actually attainable by the average person as long as they put time into the game. Literally potions that are like "generate 25%/50%/75% of your maximum energy" would work. Then I'd feel like my energy generation is partially in my hands and my own planning, rather than requiring me to go out and find inns all the time (which for a lot of players is actually difficult).
Music is Invincible by Two Steps from Hell. [Additional pictures, which I think might capture the colors a bit better.](https://imgur.com/a/d5b8irE) I am not a great painter by any means but I tried to do my best to incorporate the things I've learned over the years. Still not great with edge-highlighting.
Music is Invincible by Two Steps from Hell. [Additional pictures, which I think might capture the colors a bit better.](https://imgur.com/a/d5b8irE) I am not a great painter by any means but I tried to do my best to incorporate the things I've learned over the years. Still not great with edge-highlighting.
Thank you! Loosely followed the tutorial by /u/ddmkr ([link](https://www.reddit.com/r/Warhammer/comments/b98vcz/as_i_promised_i_recorded_a_tutorial_about/)) who was further inspired by /u/tashun_poluchun ([link](https://www.reddit.com/r/Warhammer40k/comments/b3bqx4/molten_metal_power_weapons_test_guideinspiration/)). I do think I should go with a thicker/heavier amount of yellow compared to the orange and the red. And improve the darker parts.
It’s just been running for a while. The power cells need to be replaced is all.
I picked up [this 6" turntable](https://www.amazon.com/dp/B0756ZQX42/ref=cm_sw_em_r_mt_dp_U_77meDbZBNH9HY) from Amazon. Not overly pricey and I intend to use it more often.
I bought a bunch of them off eBay years ago. I am only just now really starting to properly paint my army. I think each transfer sheet I got has 5 of the salamander heads, and I got something like 10-15 or even 20 (I honestly can't remember). So I have something like 50-100 of them. Also gives me plenty of transfers for the other shoulder pad, like for tac squads. It does mean I end up with a lot of extra material though, since all the major chapters are represented on each sheet. I'd check out eBay and see if you can find 40K transfer sheets for Space Marines.
I'm literally just picturing one of the orange buckets.
Trolls exist! They steal your socks, but only the left ones.
Just in case you legitimately aren't familiar, OP means "put the kid to bed".
That happens for a LOT of things/people that show up. Hedwig, young Luna, young Ron, young Ginny, Sirius, Dumbledore, Moody, Tonks; I could go on.
I don’t know what the formulas are, though. Nor if my understanding of how the Defense stat works is even correct. I’m basically asking because I have no clue.
Very well written! I am a bit confused about the “don’t talk to my dad” thing. I absolutely dreaded reading when she said she awoke up Kim’s father, assuming there was some sort of molestation angle. But then.... nothing happened at all. And her dad seemed perfectly decent and normal. Which is good, but it leaves me confused about why Kim set that rule. Just a teenager being a teenager?
That makes sense. I’ll stick with the stamina increases for now. Thank you!
I admit I haven't been doing much walking around with the game, but even with PoGO I was always able to accrue some kilometers just by keeping the game open and in my pocket while I went about my day. Can't do that with WU. I've had a few Portkeys sitting waiting to be opened since Saturday or Sunday, and I don't think I've even managed to accrue 1 kilometer on them *mostly because the game won't stay open when idle.*
&gt; But say, there's a boss battle that has a cutscene before the fight, do you watch it every time you fail the battle just because it's there, or would you rather skip it after some tries just to speed it up as you already know what happens, and the boss battle is that matters? Let me tell you about the first Kingdom Hearts... I agree with you; the animations are nice and I don't dislike them, but the ability to skip them would be nice at a certain point because otherwise it actually impedes play.
I've actually found ebublio to be one of the easier spells for me to get masterful on. It's almost just a circle so it's easy for me to do it quickly.
Not if Crookshanks, like the rest of the wizarding world, actually believed that Sirius was a murderer. Cat can figure out complex concepts like morality and good vs evil; probably stayed up to date on the news as well.
Not super important, but Crookshanks is a male.
They fixed the Grievous issue that I've been frustrated with for a while; that pleases me.
I think that the kill zone extends far enough now that if you get stuck on the other side of the door, you'll die instead of being in limbo.
I could absolutely just turn off my phone's idle timeout, but I'd prefer it if they just made it so that the game kept the phone from timing out while the game is running, like PoGO does. I don't want to keep my phone's idle timer off during regular use. And yes I could just switch it back and forth, but again that's not favorable, and an obvious quality of life change would be to not have to do that.
Mine is "Xboner." Yes I am a child.
There are literally dozens of us!
I meant that *this* cat (Crookshanks) showed that he can figure out complex concepts like morality, and joked that with such powers of observation he probably also read the Daily Prophet or something.
Is there any Harry Potter book where there's a dinner at 8 mentioned? Maybe it's a clue to use that particular book.
My memory might be foggy, but I believe the Thestral trapped by a ball and chain uses Accio to free it (which is a weird spell in that situation; Diffindo would make more sense to me, but then we also use Arresto Momentum instead of Immobulus on pixies so idk).
Yeah I must just be remembering incorrectly. Definitely was an A spell but Alohamora makes much more sense for what it should have been.
I just checked my copy. The only reference I could find to a dinner was in The Warlock’s Hairy Heart, though the time isn’t specified. Still, we only have three potential wizarding books to choose from that we can read, and I don’t think dinners are mentioned in *Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them* or *Quidditch Through the Ages.* However, I think in universe the Harry Potter novels are actually considered canon to some extent; at the very least, the idea that 7 books detailing Harry’s life story is, I think, canon.
Someone else pointed out; there are different editions of the books. Could mean we need the correct edition OR that because of the different editions, it can’t be any of the HP books. Still good to have checked, though. Nice job!
Why do his inns look different from mine?
Oh wow, okay. I knew people were talking about how the "green roofed inns" had the potential to give out more energy, but I thought that just meant that the models were the same but the roofs were different colors. I have *only* seen the Pub Weasley Inns here in my section of the Greater Boston Area. Thank you!
The bludger one is weird. The bludger breaks out of the box, and the confoundable wizard “guarding” it is just standing there, and then we cast a spell against the bludger and put it back in the box and the confoundable wizard wipes his forehead and walks away. Maybe that guy realizes he bit off more than he could chew with the flying death ball and momentarily just let us do our thing to secure it?
If so, wouldn’t we recognize him (or at least someone would). We know who the London Five are. Unless he’s transfigured or something.
According to the HP wiki, the London Five were all Aurors and well known. I’d be surprised if any of the NPCs in the game didn’t know them. [Link](https://harrypotter.fandom.com/wiki/London_Five)
It’s possible, I just think someone would recognize him if it was.
It's been over 30 minutes guys, I don't think it went well.
Because the sequel trilogy also uses pointy tips. I prefer them, personally.
He’s just confunded.
I’ve had him attack me 4x in a row before.
Did you level up after the match? That's probably why you got so many credits. Edit: Oh, 2 hours. Yeah, that might be it. But again; that's a 2 hour match to get that many credits. I can get way more by playing 2 hours of HvV or GA.
I believe that the red light IS their photoreceptor. The head contains other sensors, or is maybe designed to draw an attack to what looks like a vulnerable part but actually isn't.
Dammit, Hans!
That actually makes a lot of sense; why wouldn't the enemy work on closing the doors again as soon as you leave? Why would they just leave them open? It makes sense that you should have to re-open the doors, but yeah keep the bomb damage as it was. Right now, it just feels way too easy for the attacking team to rush over to the bomb point and cap it before the defense can react.
Slightly off topic (I agree with you), I see the same thing in the Harry Potter sub. You’ll see people talking about this or that, and someone will have to chime in to complain about the HP films and how much they hate them, and then it becomes a “let’s all talk about how bad the movies are” circle jerk. Really turns me off enjoying any sub when everyone has to find every conceivable excuse to complain about something. (I personally recognize that the HP films are flawed and could have been done better, but still enjoy them and recognize the great things they did for the franchise overall). If it’s a conversation about the thing, fine. But we should be able to discuss other stuff without coming back to the same tired BS.
Of course! You are supposed to take them in pairs unless you bring a lashwhip and bonesword. You could also take 4 boneswords if you wanted; two pairs. But that has no mechanical benefit so you are better off with one pair and a ranged weapon.
This might be a “specific beats general” situation. The general rule is that when you have a warlord, you can pick what trait to give them. The specific rule is that if the Swarmlord is your Warlord, you don’t pick the trait, you must give him Alien Cunning. But the even more specific rule may then be that if you choose not to give your Warlord a warlord trait at all, you can give one unit an adaptation. We don’t know which is more specific until we get a FAQ.
I was experimenting a bit with the pink; all my prior bugs have red vents, but I decided I wanted to try and go with a more canon-accurate Ouroboris color. Vents started with Vallejo Model Color “Magenta.” Then I applied Volupus Pink contrast one an attempt to deepen the color and try to get some, well, contrast in the deeper parts and edges. Went back over with Magenta to bring back some of the brightness and contrast, and then a line of Vallejo Model Color “Pink” on top. (The closest equivalents for Citadel are Pink Horror for the magenta and Emperor’s Children for the pink, but both are pretty different).
Thanks! I’ve made quite a few changes over the years but blue exoskeleton/black carapace has been constant. Was pleasantly surprised when it became a canon hive fleet scheme in 8th.
Toss a coin to your Ozai
They are in the original Xenos 2 Index, and identical to Warriors in every way (S, T, Wounds, etc) except they have a 12” move and Fly, and they can’t benefit from a Prime. Otherwise; same weapon options, same biomorphs, synapse, etc. I think Chapter Approved 2019 lists their new prices.
He has also, more than once, offered people more money than the person wanted because he recognized the value of the item and didn’t want to take it so cheaply. I believe one woman had a Fabergé egg that she wanted $100 for or so. Rick explains to her that he’d love to have that egg for $100, but he can’t in good conscious buy that item for that amount of money, and offers her $1,500 or something. You could argue he’s only doing that because he’s on camera. Hey, maybe that’s true, but it’s a pretty damn cynical attitude to prove that some TV character you’ll never meet is actually a cheapskate.
They did a handful of things in Resistance that weren't "mature" per se, but wasn't the kind of depth I expected out of a show I was told was 100% geared towards young children. Captain Doza's backstory and Tam's arc, for example.
Most hive fleets are names after mythological figures, but I do agree with the poison idea. **Hive Fleet Achlys/Akhlys** perhaps? She was a Greek personification of how one’s eyes cloud over during death, and possibly poison as well. Or **Hive Fleet Eitr**, the Norse concept of the poison that both created the Realms but was also able to kill gods. Actually that could be very interesting for a Hive Fleet, since Tyranjds kill other civilizations but from doing so create more nids, so they both destroy and create life much like the Eitr.
I apparently caught the eye of my gf because, back in college, I’d often wake up late, resulting in my having to rush to the class we had together and where we met. So I constantly would show up to class with disheveled hair and frazzled un-trimmed or otherwise stubbly beard, and looking tired, and she thought it was the sexiest thing on the planet.
Idk where you’re from but all of my guy friends and I do this, daily and without irony or concern.
In all seriousness, men are taught at a young age that you just don’t touch people like that or talk to people like that unless it’s your romantic partner. Women don’t get taught that same lesson. So for us guys, if a woman touches you and says something like that, we instantly receive it as something intimate, because we just don’t treat other people like that unless we intend intimacy with them. Which makes it very jarring for those women when us men start “catching feelings” when they were just trying to be good, kind humans to someone they *like*, but not *like like*, because they weren’t taught to only be that way with people they are intimate with.
It actually *wasn’t* a plot point that only Snoke’s enormous cruiser had the tracking device. Finn explains that it was the one most likely tracking them, but when Poe suggests blowing it up Finn explains that if they do something so obvious one of the other ships will just start tracking them. That doesn’t really set up for a TIE to be able to do it, but the tech was at least common enough that all of their star destroyers can do it.
I don’t think hyperdrive classes would matter as much for lightspeed skipping. What would cost the *Falcon* a .5 second jump would cost the two TIEs 2 seconds. Enough for it to be noticeable but not gonna allow the *Falcon* to fully escape.
THE MÛMAKIL IS READY FOR BATTLE! THE DRAGON LORD IS COMING! Yeoman! Talk of strange folk abroad. GET THAT MINE OUT OF THE CAMP
I'm honestly almost more disappointed that more questions weren't answered. Like, if you have Swarmlord as your Warlord, can you choose not to give him his Alien Cunning Warlord Trait and instead give another unit an Adaptive Physiology? I think yes, some other people think no; clarification would be cool.
I personally prefer the idea that Palps legitimately lost, but part of what makes Palpatine a great villain and manipulator is that he knows how to twist events to suit him. It’s much less interesting to me to think that Palpatine literally has every single encounter and line of dialogue pre-determined. Much more interesting to see him responding to things in real time, but he’s so good at it even when it looks like he might get found out or lose, he has a backup plan or manipulates himself into an advantageous position.
I think that makes sense as well. I’ve just seen one or two people claim that the rule says the Swarmlord *must* take the alien cunning trait, which I think is hanging people up. As you can see in the other replies.
Well, regular Hive Tyrants don't have to worry about this at all; they can take any warlord trait and/or definitely forgo a warlord trait to give something an Adaptive Physiology. Just the Swarmlord has the one Warlord Trait (and, at the very least, can't take an Adaptive Physiology now). Just a question of whether he can forgo Alien Cunning to give someone else an Adaptive Physiology. I say yes, others say no.
Ah I see what you’re saying. Yeah I do agree; frustrating when I can’t make my actual big bug the “big bug.”
I mean, SAGA edition, but in the final session of an old campaign I played in the two bounty hunter PCs had a sack filled with thermal detonators. Just because why not? During the final battle, my Jedi was in a Dathomiri temple in a brother-vs-brother battle with another PC that had gone to the dark side. Meanwhile, the bounty hunters were outside the temple fighting off the other bounty hunter PC and some NPCs that were also evil. So we had the awesome “multiple fight scenes/endings” thing that Star Wars is famous for. Good bounty hunters finished off the bad bounty hunter by priming a thermal detonator, chucking it into the sack of thermal detonators, and chucking the sack at the bad bounty hunter. And crit. We calculated the damage to be enough to destroy an Imperial star destroyer. So the bad bounty hunter basically just ceased to exist. So that’s what you do with a bag of 50 thermal detonators. You remove problems from reality.
The game was ultimately about &gt;!Cal coming to terms with what happened to him, and he and Cere attempting to rebuild the Jedi Order, only to realize that doing so would be dangerous and result in more death as long as the Empire is around. We still need to know what happens to both of them; why aren't they helping the Rebellion? That can be expanded on in a sequel.!&lt;
I took a page from Critical Role and paint the base of my player minis different colors, but all NPCs and monsters get black. Helps with identifying from a quick glance. Let the players pick their colors as well.
Do you mean TLJ or RoS? TLJ his force-sensitivity isn't shown at all I think, but yeah in RoS you do see it. You even see a bit of it in TFA.
Just wanna back you up. People don't want to listen because of nostalgia. I love both Luke and Rey, but claiming that Rey is a Mary Sue but Luke isn't when both are very similar is complete BS.
S'all good!
Could be a gargoyle shaped like a griffon.
Indeed! Though since you bring up grotesques, if we wanna get technical the gargoyle in front of the door should also be a grotesque, because I doubt it's actually conveying rainwater through the hallway. Gargoyles are specifically grotesques that do that.
That is an awesome Nautolan design.
And it spills into a pool or something in the hall, like a fountain. That *would* be very cool.
I love this concept, but I think some kind of tangible effect based on the power of the magic item itself could be a fun and flavorful way to make the golem even more unique. Right now, it's a golem that has an off switch that it can accidentally flip itself. I think the magic item that fuels it should change how the golem fights to some appreciable effect. First way to do that; make the time the golem has to function, and the extra damage that it deals, dependant on the item put in the furnace. Using a common magic item fuels the golem for 1 turn; there just isn't a lot of magic in there, so one can only power it for about 6 seconds. But, an uncommon magic item fuels the golem for 1d4 + 2 turns. A rare item powers it for 2d4 + 3, very rare 3d4 + 4, legendary 4d4 + 5, and maybe an artifact could power it indefinitely because there is just SO MUCH magic in there. Its attacks gain a certain amount of force damage based on the rarity of the weapon as well; could be +1 for common, +1d4 for uncommon, +1d6 for rare, +1d8 for very rare, +1d10 for legendary, and +1d12 for an artifact. And I'd even add other damage based on the magic item. If a flametongue sword, for example, was placed in it I'd add an additional +1d6 fire damage in addition to the +1d6 force damage for its rarity. I may even give the golem extra AC based on the magic item; a common or uncommon gives +1, rare or very rare +2, legendary +3, and artifact +4. It could be a cool quest to go and find an artifact which is within the furnace of one of these guys, pull it out, and then depending on how the party did they might now have a golem they could keep with them and burn magic items in. Cool NPC idea, I say!
You're forgetting that in the OP, the magic item can power the golem indefinitely in an *idle* state. It's only during combat, when initiative is rolled and (presumably) the golem transition into some sort of combat state, that the magic item's power is drained even more and could run out. In the OP, this is represented by having the golem rolling a d6 to regain its Forge Ward ability, with a 1/6 chance that doing so will cause it to drain the magic item completely, at which point it will shut down in 1d4+2 turns. In my quickly-thrown-together build, you could put an uncommon magic item into the golem and power it indefinitely until initiative is rolled. At that point, it just gets 1d4+2 (average of 2.5) rounds before such a weak magic item will run out of juice and the golem shuts down. A rare magic item gives an average of 8 rounds. Very rare an average of 11.5 rounds. Legendary 15 rounds. But that doesn't have to be consecutive. The point is just to make the flavor interesting; it's a golem that needs to leech magic power in order to function. I'd even allow a player to throw some residuum in there to power it for a while.
Then perhaps just make the level of the item affect the bonus the golem gets. It’s already got a weak point in that the item can be removed and shut the golem down. But I also then think the ward’s potential to drain the item shouldn’t be included, based on the same logic.
There's actually precedent for this; the Darksaber for example was kept by the Order after Tarre Vizsla died.
Nicanas Tassu was played by crewman Nic Anastassiou, and Sephjet Josall was played by Joseph Jett Sally, one of the film editors.
I also distinctly remember a lore story saying they were together, but the lore "updates" so often I don't know anymore.
To be clear, the article linked above itself has the mayor acknowledging that this law unfairly discriminated against people of color, and that it should be removed because of that racism. So yes it is definitely profiling but it sounds like the local government realized this and wants to *stop* it.
This has been my understanding of Palpatine’s claim in tRoS’s. More importantly, I’m hoping that this means that we may get Bane’s story canonized, where he learns the secret behind transferring your consciousness between bodies, Hains an apprentice named Darth Zannah, and in the ultimate fight between the two Zannah walks away but it’s left ambiguous if it is Zannah or Bane in the body. This would suggest it was Bane or a Bane/Zannah merged mind, and every Sith Lord since then has performed the same transfer. Bane and Zannah were also just about 1000 years BBY, which I think there is a line of Palps that puts the Sith as he falls under them to that age.
She was specifically going to Tatooine to get Obi-Wan.
I think /u/Sawyer_Zavy hit the nail on the head; bone-colored carapace and dark gray/mud (like dark dark black) skin. For the fleshy bits (those vent-like parts) I would thereafter suggest red; not scarlet, more like a crimson or dark crimson. Inspired by the red found on a lot of the end-game Hive armor, like this Warlock [here](https://cdnb.artstation.com/p/assets/images/images/007/031/165/large/mike-jensen-mike-jensen-whr-wrsh-fr34-001.jpg?1503167256). Then I'd inverse that a bit for the weapons; keep the bone carapaces, but do red for the body of the weapons and either black for the vents on the weapons or a different shade of red, like you see in some of the kickass hive weapons that players could get from the raids, like [this](https://cdnb.artstation.com/p/assets/images/images/001/242/073/large/mark-van-haitsma-mark-van-haitsma-hive-ar2-in-game.jpg?1442859684).
Not technically. Color *is* based on the user in the sense that when you find your kyber crystal its color will change to reflect the user in some way, but once that’s locked in the color won’t change unless a dark side-user bleeds it red. Mace Windu wouldn’t change Anakin’s blue saber to purple, for example, if he held it.
I usually cook the chouriço with the rest of the soup, then take it out before puréeing. I also tend to purée the kale along with the potatoes and onions; it doesn't result in the stringy kale that my aunts do but still tastes amazing.
I used to get that cougar sleeping up in the mountains. Got it relatively consistently for a few days after learning about it, but then suddenly stopped seeing it entirely. I assume it's partly to do with the animal spawn issue, but I'm not sure if there are certain things you have to do like be in the area for X period of time or something before it'll spawn.
"They're real, and they're spectacular!"
Palps’ claim that he’s “all of the Sith” would especially make so much sense if they canonize this.
Yoda could sense his pain, doesn’t mean he necessarily knew exactly what Anakin was doing in that moment. I assume not or else it would have been a bigger problem, especially since in canon we know Anakin was knighted very shortly after.
Don’t ruin the surprise gay bath scene!
Ovi-Wan 100% knew. Yoda I’m not sure. Possibly.
Yeah that's been my experience. That little section of Tall Trees used to be predator-central; the aforementioned cougar, and then always *multiple* bears, both brown and black, and the occasional group of wolves. Now I'll usually see deer or smaller animals, but the predators have vanished.
Hope that light is UV for the Volatiles.
Any recommendation for how much hull/armor to give your standard blast door?
They got the (rights? permission?) to do Star Tours because MGM Studios (now Hollywood Studios) was about *all* movies, and Star Wars being such a big movie franchise they wanted a Star Wars ride.
The movie looks downright awful when you watch it now. Rendering and animations are not good.
Yup, another excellent example.
I don't think we ever get an official stance on how old the younglings are. Certainly younger than Ahsoka, and not old enough to be Padawans. I'm guessing somewhere around 7-10, and I believe their episodes take place later in the war. With the main events of Fallen Order falling 5 years after Order 66, I'd put their ages (if they survived) at 12-15 in Cal's time. But, we don't know exactly when Trilla was captured and converted. I'd be surprised if all that was supposed to have happened in 14 BBY as well. It likely was only a year or two after Order 66, so the youngling in the flashback would have been a youngling during the war as well. **Most importantly** that Rodian seems to be wearing Ganodi's outfit; tan outer tunic with brown tabard. The only difference is that she's wearing a light inner tunic, while Ganodi's is brown. That Rodian 100% could have been Ganodi. Her voice actress (Georgie Kidder) is not listed as appearing in Fallen Order, and the FO youngling's actress isn't specifically listed either from what I can tell, but the similarities are so close that I'm honestly willing to bet it may have been intentional.
+1 for better information.
Agreed. I usually do, what, about 2 tbs flour and butter each, 1 cup cold milk, and 8 oz of cheese and get a good sauce for one box-worth of macaroni. Might add some more milk if it's too thick. Half a cup of flour must mean he was making a LOT of mac and cheese; like 4 boxes worth.
There are some brands of milk that last quite a while; I bought a half-gallon last week that's dated until Feb 16 or something like that (I know that the expiration date doesn't mean much, but with milk it at least gives an idea of when it'll still be good); better than buying milk on the 1st and having it expired by the 12th.
I’m gonna be running a longer-running EotE campaign soon, set during the “dark times” roughly 10 BBY. My intention to start was to have the group as Imperial prison-workers in a station on Raxus Prime (doing the really shitty job of combing through wreckage for valuable scrap). They’d of course escape, where I intend to give them a shitty but remarkably still-flyable Republic *Gozanti-*class cruiser. At that point they can get rid of it once they make their escape, or they might decide to make it a fixer-upper project (which is my personal hope, but I don’t wanna lock them into that). My question is thus: the *Gozanti* seems to be popular enough as a starting ship. It’s a bit over priced according to what the book suggests, but since it’s silhouette 5 I get the feeling that this balances the higher value a bit. Which is really my question; I’m curious if anyone else ever used one in a game as the party ship and how that went. I’m slightly concerned that a lot of the starship maneuvers are silhouette 1-4 only, which may lock the *Gozanti* out of doing anything interesting, but maybe that’s not as big a concern as I’m thinking it is.
Being that you live there, I (possibly incorrectly) assume you have a better grasp on “Asuka’s” political beliefs and experience. Did Taiwan elect someone ridiculous or does she seem like an effective ruler? As someone else pointed out; not sure if she was a “Lord Buckethead” or “Vermin Supreme”-type candidate.
No worries! Was mostly curious.
I don't even know if the group will have anyone wanting to do fancy space stuff or not; we're rolling characters this weekend. If no one wants to be a hotshot pilot I probably won't worry about the Gozanti not getting those maneuvers. If someone does, I'll chat with the player/players in question and see what they want out of things. Gozanti base with a few fighters may be perfect, or they may like the Ship Captain idea, but we'll see! Thank you!
The weird thing is that they don't have darkvision in the game RAW, where other non-magical beasts (like the tiger) do. Lions, RAW, *also* do **not** have darkvision.
It should be capitalized; size categories normally are.
Indeed, I admit to having a difficult time knowing what you meant by "weird to change."
Cool, however Neville specifically asked *not* to be in Gryffindor. He wanted to be in Hufflepuff, and argued with the Hat to be put in that house when the Hat pushed for Gryffindor. Ultimately the Hat obviously won.
She also clearly made that tweet in an effort to stop the racist detractors. I feel like her intent there has been 100% ignored by a majority of the community. Sure, when you dive into it, there are a few lines in the text that do imply that Hermione is white, and I do fully believe that was intended by Rowling (that Hermione is canonically white). But the point is that Hermione's skin color *does not matter* and people getting angry about a black actress in a play, *especially when theatre has a long history of being race-blind*, was idiotic.
Something I'm not clear on; when you say "acid to roast his brain" I'm not sure if you mean "they gave him large doses of the drug commonly known as acid" or "they exposed him to a chemical with a low pH rating."
I don't think we get that information in the books; Harry wouldn't have any reason to know it (though I vaguely remember Neville saying something in the books about it, I could be mistaken). Either way the actual info does come from Pottermore. Well, [Wizarding World](https://www.wizardingworld.com/writing-by-jk-rowling/hatstall) now, in the article about hatstalls.
Yes, that's a good way to look at it. Sorta a weird gotcha situation. I like it. Imagine it went the other way. &gt;Hat: "I'm putting you in Gryffindor." &gt;Neville: *What?!?!?! I don't want to be in Gryffindor! But... he's a scary magic talking hat...* "...okay." &gt;Hat: "Oof, never mind. We'll put you in Hufflepuff. Can't even stand up to an article of clothing."
Yeah, another person pointed out the same and I agree; I think that does show his courage even if he himself didn't see it.
&gt;20th CENTURY STUDIOS: the fuck Fixed that for you!
&gt; Work with what we got. As of the Shadow of Mordor series Sauron had an elf buddy who helped him with ringcraft and also I believe as of the latest one Shelob might have a sexy human lady form which is kinda against everything we know about how evil can metaphysically function in lord of the rings but FUCK IT ITS BEEN WRITTEN WE MIGHT AS WELL DEAL WITH IT AND MAKE IT CANON FOREVER NOW. This doesn't have to be canon at all. It's just something in one video game. Also, that "elf buddy" was Celebrimbor who actually *is* canon, though him coming back as a wraith and most of the stuff to do with the Shadow of Mordor series isn't canon.
The Kanan story indicates, to me at least, that while O66 couldn’t be avoided (by any clone that properly heard it, of course), it would fade over time and allow the clone to act according to whatever line of reasoning they’d normally take. So one clone may continue following orders, while another decides that doing so is morally wrong. So we know how long after O66 the Kanan story is?
Oh I rather like this. But seemingly, with one of them overcoming it, the drive gets weaker.
You can rent through your phone?? Every time I try it tells me I have to use a computer and won’t let me do it through the app. Which is the dumbest thing I’ve ever heard but it’s been a consistent issue for me.
I mean, we had what, over 3 decades of EU material that already destroyed most of the wins of the originals and prequels, and everyone loved those. - The Empire was defeated. Op, nope there are plenty of Imperials still around killing people. - Palpatine was killed. Nope, he has clones and is still doing bad stuff. - Anakin brought balance to the Force and destroyed the Sith. Nuh-uh, Sith are still around, both Palpatine and a bunch of others. Dark Side is going strong. Really the only thing that’s different is Luke’s New Jedi Order sticks. Though I think Jacen/Darth Caedus does a number to it?
Goofy: "Fu-hyuck!"
I want to believe.
I am slightly surprised they didn’t effectively give minions Linked, to represent multiple shots hitting from that group of dudes. But I get that would probably damage the balance of things.
I'm almost more interested in the elf art there; perfect for an NPC I have.
Oh shit. Oh shit. Plo Koon is probably reporting from Cato Neimoidia. Aayla Secura is reporting from Felucia. Ki-Adi Mundi is on Mygeeto. And Depa Billaba and young Caleb Dume are on Kaller. I'm not sure about that other clone; don't recognize him. I assume Cody hasn't gone to Utapau yet since Yoda is present; maybe this is when they call Anakin and Obi-Wan back to Coruscant to rescue the Chancellor.
Which meeting from RotS? Edit: I think the shot with them all around the holotable, and the shot of Mace saying his "I sense a plot to destroy the Jedi" line, is from different episodes/moments, because Yoda isn't a hologram in the holotable shot.
First-time moms usually don't start showing for 3-4 months, and with her robes it's very possible she was right around that stage. That would put RotS at about 5-6 months in total, which I *think* I've heard before.
Her skin options would be amazing. Padawan: Season 3?-5 design, green sabers Exile: Season 7 design, blue sabers Fulcrum: Rebels design, white sabers
They can splice dialogue over any scene they want. I don't think the holo table scene is meant to be the same scene where Mace say this line. In fact it can't be, because Yoda is in-person at the holotable but a hologram during the other scene.
She might be sensing his "death", since she believes that Anakin died and doesn't learn the truth until Rebels.
Oh yes, that's definitely Bly. I thought that was Cody for some reason. The clone I was referring to is the one between Mundi and Billaba.
You actually might be much closer to correct; I did some more searching. Apparently, Pablo Hidalgo said that they had Natalie Portman wear the same tummy prosthetic throughout the film, which means she never gets any bigger. So her robes really must have been covering her up a lot if she wasn't really showing when she told Anakin she was pregnant. That, and she and Anakin establish that Anakin has been gone for a WHILE, so yeah she's probably very far along and the movie doesn't take more time than a week or two.
That'd be a bit odd, because the original conversation happens while Obi-Wan is engaged with Grievous; he's clearly not at the meeting. Only Mace, Yoda, Mundi, and Secura are there. Which means it could be from Mundi's or Secura's perspective I suppose, though I'm not sure why they'd be focusing on them. Unless they do just retcon the scene.
Likely meant to be evocative of both.
Ah so it is! Mundi’s Commander. Makes sense.
Hmmm, possibly. You may be correct. But if so, they are retconning the movie scene.
What I mean is Yoda left for Kashyyyk first, then Obi-Wan left after. So if Yoda is still present, Obi-Wan definitely isn’t on Utapau.
100%! Great video but not a blooper in sight.
It’s technically not. It’s a space opera; science fantasy more than science fiction. It’s not always that important a distinction. Still a weird and petty thing for the family to do regardless.
Star Wars is fantasy set in space. The Force is magic. It's a story about knights and princesses and evil empires and wizards. Lucas, in 1977, also specifically said that he "wanted to make a space fantasy that was more in the genre of Edgar Rice Burroughs," not something like 2001: A Space Odyssey. The space-skin doesn't change its fantasy elements. Star Trek, by contrast, is more science fiction. It's about technology and exploration, where effort is indeed made to explain the fictional aspects of the setting with technobabble. Like I said, it's not a super important distinction most of the time, but Star Wars is 100% science fantasy.
Okay, but those examples you gave aren't magic in Star Trek; they are explicitely called out to be either technology (teleportation, invisibility), evolution giving the being(s) certain abilities (shapeshifting, telepathic abilities), or either/both ("gods" like the Q). Remember the old adage; any sufficiently advanced technology is indistinguishable from magic. This is Star Trek, and there are many episodes which deal with this idea that something unknown appears to be magical, but really isn't once the viewer/characters are made more aware. Or the Enterprise crew itself is believed to be magical by some other characters who don't know better. Contrast this with Star Wars. The Force doesn't have any technological justification (don't say midichlorians; they don't explain what the Force is or how it works and never have). The Force is straight up magic, purposely so. It's not explained with science. In Star Trek when someone goes "OMG you teleported, like magic!" someone will say "Oh no, it's not magic. We break you down into a matter stream of particles using a transporter console, then send those particles across a subspace domain where they are rebuilt at the destination." It's tech, not magic. The Force isn't tech. It's a "mysterious energy field." You can look up lots of articles and discussion about the topic. Star Trek isn't HARD science fiction by any means either; it's pretty soft, but it's got a distinctive feel which makes it different from a science fantasy.
None of those things are fantasy tropes. The idea of a barbarian "third world" horde could be, but even then neither Klingons nor Romulans even fit that trope; both are technologically advanced cultures. A modern/technological corporation isn't fantasy. The idea of gods certainly can be fantastic, but the way the Q are handled is not in a fantasy manner; people don't worship them as a religion, they don't grant power, and they are less gods and more an ancient race with abilities that appear magical to us lowly humans. Star Trek is in many ways the embodiment of "any sufficiently advanced technology is indistinguishable from magic." The difference between Star Wars and Star Trek is that Star Trek shows the audience something that appears to be magical, but then explains it as science or, at best, something we (humanity) hasn't figured out yet. Star Wars shows the audience magic and then says "yup, magic." Star Wars has sci-fi elements, but is fantasy at its core. Star Trek may have fantasy elements, but it's sci-fi at its core. That's the difference.
Curse?! That sounds like the best thing ever!
Some people are trying to lose weight but enjoy food too much, and being able to eat a 1000 calorie meal but having it count for 500 calories would be amazing.
Nope; antimagic field.
I've honestly never really cooked with nutmeg. What sort of flavor does it give the dish?
Ah yes, if that can be done, sure. I thought we were still talking about attempting to drown.
And a Wizard.
I admit myself to be ignorant here (I don’t have the FaD core book, just EotE and AoR). Are all of these Force powers official/published in one book or another?
Watch Clone Wars, Season 5, Ep 6-9. All about Gungi, the Wookiee youngling here.
I mean, Gungi IS best youngling
You’re right; didn’t mean to say that the episodes focus only on him, just that he’s in all of them (and I think the only other episode we see him in is S5E20, for a brief moment).
Zatt the Nautilan? I also liked him! I think we see the fate of Ganodi, the Rodian, in a later work (it’s not a good fate).
It’s definitely as strong as metal, but I don’t think it’s lightsaber resistant. It’s only ever been mentioned in that episode as well so the legends and canon are functionally identical.
Clone Wars is fantastic, you are in for a treat!
It’s the yanny/laurel thing all over again!
Ya, it’s not confirmed, just my head canon.
I do believe the Russo brothers said part of his snap was also to maintain population levels.
Indeed, they just knew they couldn’t do so easily and without coming out looking bad. Yoda warns them of this. To the Jedi’s credit, they had realized *something* was going on more deeply. They just didn’t know what. And Mace finally voices that he can sense there is a plot to destroy the Jedi. They just... can’t really do anything by that point. Attempting to depose the Supreme Chancellor will make them look bad and turn the Galaxy against them; which is exactly what happened when they tried. They could have maybe just stepped down from their role in the Clone Wars, but without knowing exactly what would happen after that it’s hard to know if that would have been a good idea. Maybe that’s exactly what the Sith wanted them to do. It’s like when you are playing chess and realize after a while that there is no way to win. Jedi like Mundi just got them to that point with bad moves.
It still bugs me that not a single person was like “hey, wasn’t Ahsoka on Cato Neimodia when all of this happened? And specifically called in to help with the investigation? This doesn’t seem odd to anyone else?” Even Padmé, when she makes her argument that it makes no sense for Letta to specifically ask to see Ahsoka to tell her who did it, and specifically ask to be alone with her, to do so if Ahsoka was the real criminal, makes no point about Ahsoka being on a different planet when the attack occurred.
There’s been a lot of times that I’ve developed some plot point or concept for use later in the campaign (like, 10 levels later type of thing) only for Mercer to pull out the same concept before I do (YEARS after I wrote it down). Partly because my players move like molasses. Great minds and all that, right? Right?!
Am I just completely confused, or is that a Vulture Droid fighting around Imperial Star Destroyers?
Ah, any ship from any era?
Well that explains it! Thanks.
I understand some of the concern, but I think it's awesome that Matt made this a charity item. I'm sure it'll be available without the charity cost later on if anyone can't afford the cost. I think I now have more bloodhunter options to give my players than I do Wizard subclasses now. The original Blood Hunter with its 4 subclasses, this one with its 4 subclasses, and my own revision of the original Mutant subclass which completely reworks the mutagen mechanics and makes it more similar to a Witcher. Very cool that Matt made this change to respond to some of the fair criticism levied at the class.
He was in high school when that video was made. Unless you're claiming he was bullied even before all this happened (which is entirely plausible; kids are cruel shitheads).
There is an argument to be made; once Tarkin realized they had seen through his plan the Rebels might have feared that Tarkin would keep the Death Star moving and hide it save for the few times he’d drop into a system to permanently change its star’s orbit. If he did that, the Rebellion would have had a hell of a time trying to track it down and likely never would have gotten the chance to actually try and destroy it. By revealing themselves they give Tarkin such a juicy target that there is no way he won’t immediately go for it, which means they draw the Death Star in to attack it rather than chasing it around, unable to take it out for who knows how long?
I recognize that young Twi'lek! My clone players killed "her" with absolutely zero remorse when Order 66 hit. XD
Something interesting I noticed on a rewatch; early on when Savage finds Maul, while he’s ranting Maul mutters, “Mercy, master... mercy is a lie. A delusion of the weak to make themselves strong. I ask not for mercy.” And then does exactly that to his master.
Apparently it depends on which parents’ phenotype ends up being strongest. We have another example of a human/twi’lek hybrid that looks mostly human (no lekku at all) but with green hair and slightly colored ears.
The worst thing to me is knowing some of my players watch CR and think I’m just copying Matt but I swear I had this idea years ago!
Amusingly, Obi-Wan claims that Sith Lords are [his and Anakin’s] speciality, and yet he’s 0/2 in actually killing one successfully until many many years later. They just won’t die. Man’s gotta learn to double tap.
The RotS novelization also says that he could have put Anakin out of his misery as an act of mercy, but that Obi-Wan wasn’t feeling particularly merciful in that moment. It is cruel, but also drives home the idea that, internally, Obi-Wan had reasoned that Anakin Skywalker was dead. And he had no interest in showing mercy to Darth Vader, which makes sense with the OT.
I was going to refute you, but decided to check my own research first. You're right; Filoni ultimately decided not to canonize the bearded guy seen in the movie as Rex, since he didn't feel right killing off the established character of Nik Sant just because Filoni was involved now. Though he also said the viewer can decide if the guy seen in the film is Rex or Sant; the movie doesn't make any claims either way. Personally, I like to think that when the actor is putting on the scout trooper armor, it's Rex; he has the knowledge and experience to be able to pass himself off as an Imperial if anyone comms in asking questions.
It might be a house rule but I allow people to cast the hand, and using that same action grab something with it and move it. Just feels clunky otherwise. &gt;Rogue: "Someone needs to pull that lever over there or we'll all die!" &gt;Wizard: "I got it!" *mage hand* &gt;DM: "Okay, you summon the hand next to the lever. Your turn is over; can't use the hand until your next turn." I don't like that idea.
Yeah, but even beyond combat I just find it weird that, technically, you have to summon the hand and then just have it it there for 6-ish seconds before you can use it. I'm sure it can be justified narratively, but I don't like the limitation it imposes.
1% Evil, 99% Hot Gas
Am I running the game incorrectly, or are Nemesis as they are presented in the book not all that powerful? I have some Clones in a longshot I'm running that have been helping an Inquisitor hunt down Jedi. Unfortunately, one or two players maxed out their damage potential and built Auto Fire builds, and one of them in particular has the encumbrance and capability to carry around a gunnery blaster that has Breach 1. It has not been uncommon for him to tell me something like "5 hits, all 11 damage." Even with the Jedi General that he attacked Reflecting 6 damage per shot, that was 25 damage that ignored soak. His 20 Wound Threshold was breached in the first turn of the first round of combat before he had even been allowed to act. Looking at Vader in Dawn of Rebellion as a hypothetical opponent, with 7 Soak and 24 Wounds. He can Reflect 7 points of damage per shot, which means Vader would have taken 20 damage from that attack, leaving him with 4. So sure, he's still alive! Accept in this example, there was *another* PC turn before he'd be able to go, so the other Auto Fire clone would have then finished Vader off. I feel like I'm either doing something wrong, or these guys specifically built the most min-maxed powerful builds they could and I'm not sure how best to respond to it. I did tell them (and to their credit they agreed) that after that fight, I'm houseruling Auto Fire to cost 1 additional advantage to proc for each additional extra shot beyond the first extra shot (so a typical user would have to spend 2, then 3, then 4, then 5, etc.) but even then, both of them jury-rigged their weapons to require only 1 Advantage to proc Auto Fire, so even with this change unless I throw Vader-equivalents at them they are still going to be melting Nemeses in one turn. I don't *want* to just GM fiat stuff, like quietly decide their opponent gets to go first anyway, or throw DOZENS of enemies at them at a time because then the bookkeeping is insane *and* I think that would just overwhelm them before long, min-maxers or no. But I feel like this system/situation almost demands it.
And I think the only proper response to that is "I know, and I appreciate that you were just trying to help, but in this circumstance your attempts to help were actually being a problem. If you'd stop doing that, you'd actually be helping me more." And if they still bitch about it or try to act like you're an asshole, I'd personally say fuck it; be an asshole. I'm a fan of the "express blatantly that you weren't going to be this much of an asshole about it, but since they insist on trying to make you feel bad you'll now explain exactly why they were fucking up, and maybe next time when someone says 'thank you but no thank you' they'll have the decency to just say 'oh sorry about that, let me know if you do need anything' and drop it" tactic myself.
He's using a Reciprocating Quad Blaster Cannon. Pg 45 of Forged in Battle. 10 base damage, Crit 2, Long Range, Encumbrance 8, Auto-fire (only), Breach 1, Cumbersome 4, Inaccurate 1, Prepare 2. I do think we've been missing the Prepare 2, so I can remind him that he needs to spend two maneuvers before he can shoot it next time we meet, so that'll at least negate any aiming he could do. But he has built the character to be able to handle this weapon, from ensuring Cumbersome isn't an issue (4 Brawn) to giving himself the needed Encumbrance (Burly, gear which adds encumbrance threshold or reduces the encumbrance of the cannon, etc.). He might be missing including Inaccurate 1 as well so that might also be something to fix, but he's been adding the 2 setback dice for the auto-fire. As far as this specific situation, the Jedi General in question had Adversary 3. But even with the two setback dice from auto fire and a set back dice I gave him for the general having some cover from a bunch of consoles, yes he really did get 5 attacks. Part of the problem is that he not only has the Jury-Rig, but also has some feature which allows each advantage he gets to cancel 3 threat, so even if he rolls 6 threat, that only cancels 2 advantage. I am *not* sure what that feature is, in all fairness, though I don't think he made it up either.
I learned of it from Harry Potter and I'm trying to use it more because it's such a perfect word. I agree that "fight" implies violence so I don't like it.
Yes you're right about the difficulty; will double check with him but I think I just mis-remembered how the rule works. I think he's upgrading it properly. As for that feature yeah, I'm not sure where it's from.
If this is overly wordy to you, then you must not be comfortable actually having conversations with people. I will and *have* absolutely said this much to someone when they were trying to use this kind of manipulation. Calling it out directly and blatantly like this means they can’t just hand wave it away, and I’ve grown tired in my life of letting people get away with this kind of attitude because I was too timid to actually assert myself or tell them that I can see what they are trying to do.
I'll have to do some checking. But I'm in a weird position because I'm running this game as part of an event at my FLGS, and the players are paying to play, so there's a valid concern that if I tell him "hey, you need to change this I can't run a game with it around" he may decide not to show up anymore (from what a few other people have said, he is a known power-gamer), which may or may not be an issue if I'm technically "losing paying customers."
"Just as Count Dooku predicted!"
New canon didn't introduce ridiculous speeds; hyperspace travel has always been that long in the series, including A New Hope. It makes no sense that it would have taken the Falcon days and days of travel time to go from Tatooine to Alderaan, and then to Yavin IV, especially since the Death Star has such a slower hyperdrive than the Falcon; if the speeds given in the RPGs were accurate, it would have taken the Death Star a week, if not weeks, to reach the Rebel Base, at which point why where they so worried about it showing up? Just move everyone; they would have had the time. Hyperspace is clearly meant to be very quick; not 1 day per square but 1 hour per square, not including any potential issues or bad astronavigation.
Yeah if you read through my (admittedly large) first post, I instituted the 2nd houserule. But honestly, it's still not that effective based on some of the other stuff he's pulling (which as I'm finding out may or may not be legal).
Obi-Wan and Satine met when Obi-Wan was a Padawan. He and Qui-Gon were assigned to protect her during the pre-Clone Wars Mandalorian Civil War.
He “understands to a degree what is going on” (quote from Clone Wars). I take that to mean he knew they were dating or at least “together” in some capacity, but hadn’t realized that they were actually married. When Anakin denies anything between the two of them and insists they are just friends, Obi-Wan says that “friends they must remain.” If he knew how much more they were, I’m sure he wouldn’t have said that. I have a feeling Yoda was also aware to an extent as well; he’s the one who points out that Anakin’s feelings concerning one of Padmé’s former lovers was clouded. For Yoda, my assumption is that he thought the feelings were one-sided, while Obi-Wan at least knew it was a two-way street.
I’m leaning toward much higher wound thresholds; at least doubling whatever the stat block normally has. For the benefit of the game and story; otherwise there is no contest. It just seems weird to me that even Darth Vader only has WT 24, and Palpatine has 16. These values just seem too low.
Whenever I do end up getting my sabers done, I plan on getting some very light weathering; enough to show that they aren't sitting in a case in a museum all day, but not completely destroyed and decrepit either.
&gt; You can't use social skills (intim, diplomacy, bluff) against another player. If you want to intimidate John's character, then you roleplay it and it's his responsibility to RP whether or not his character would be intimidated. I personally think you should use/allow a roll, BUT the responding PC isn't under some kind of mind-contrl obligation to blindly follow it. But I find it to be a useful roleplaying tool, to see how effective the intimidation or bluff or whatever was from an in-character perspective, AND can help with metagaming nonsense ("I know you took the necklace, even though my character literally was not there and has no idea the necklace even existed, so I don't believe you when you said the vault was empty."). Jessica, who is 5', weighs 100lbs when wet, and has a quiet and soft voice isn't going to be nearly as assertive or intimidating as Helga Ironbreaker, her mountain dwarf barbarian who can bench press two horses and never lets anyone boss her around. And Jessica shouldn't be punished for that difference. To put it another way, (and let's assume this table is comfortable with some inter-party conflict), if Jessica decided that Helga wanted to pin the party's sorcerer to the wall so they couldn't run off, I would not tell Jessica "well, get up and see how well you can pin Michael against the wall." That'd be ridiculous. It's not Jessica doing it, it's Helga. You'd have them both roll grapples and let that determine the outcome. So why punish her in a social situation where Helga's intimidation chops or ability to bluff is the deciding factor?
Saw this and your other reply. So what you are saying is, say he rolled 3 advantage and 4 threat. He has the mod which increases the threat to 3 (which is my fault, I said the group could take attachments and mods as long as they could afford to pay for them, but this was literally my FIRST time running this game and I don't think anyone reminded me about the mechanics check needed). What he has been doing is taking one of those advantage and canceling three threat with it, leaving two advantage and 1 threat. He'd then use the 2nd advantage to cancel the threat remaining, and end up with a net of 1 advantage. But that is not how it is supposed to work. It's meant to be take one advantage and cancel 1 threat, then take the 2nd advantage and cancel the 2nd threat, and then take the third advantage and cancel the third threat. The 4th threat would remain, but the attachment lets him assign it to the first threat (so it has canceled 2), leaving him with a net of no advantage or threat. Am I understanding that correctly? If so I am willing to believe he just misread it himself, rather than some attempt at trying to cheat on purpose.
Agreed; I'll have some serious putting my foot down to do. Edit: And having read through the attachment now myself, it's pretty clearly written that it cancels all advantage first, THEN you can cancel additional threat. Again, willing to believe he glossed over it, but at least this means I have leverage if there is an push back that "no it doesn't." And that's not even counting the clearly-labeled "no autofire weapons" clause.
I assume he missed the auto fire thing because it was in the "flavor text." But yeah that's a good tip. In a narrative system like this, flavor text is almost as much part of the mechanics as the crunch itself.
*Achillobator* also has the benefit of being found in Mongolia, so the various JP tie ins and promotional material saying their raptor DNA came from Mongolia then still works. Mayhaps the DNA they used was just from a smaller individual, or the genetic work they did made them smaller than they should be. If so, the JP raptors would be *Velociraptor giganticus*. Meanwhile, Grant could have just been digging up a smaller *Utahraptor* in the film. And if we go by the "in the JP universe, Gregory S. Paul's taxonomic rules were accepted by all paleontologists" idea, he'd also just call it a *Velociraptor*; *Velociraptor ostrommaysi*.
....... Well that certainly might have made me hate it less. But oh well.
Even with these options, I don't consider it a particularly fun game if the best method of dealing with a boss is to cheese them like this. That's just *for me* though.
I've also been the dumped friend. Fallout 4 was coming out. My friend and her husband were big Fallout fans and excited for the game. I hadn't spoken to her too much after high school, but I had seen them once or twice during college and went to her wedding, so while we weren't getting together every weekend to hangout I didn't think either of us considered the other person a bad friend. She was actually a very important person to me; having been one of the few friends I had in high school who helped keep me sane at a time when I easily could have been suicidal, and made me feel like I actually had value. As I recall, there was some issue with the pre-orders; I guess Bethesda hadn't initially made enough of the Collector's Pip-Boy Edition, AND had separated pre-orders by region, with the end result being that the East Coast sold out of pre-orders for the Pip-Boy really fast. She and her husband were on FB loudly and *very* angrily complaining about how absolutely fucking pissed off they were that they hadn't been able to pre-order this game. A mutual friend of ours chimes in. He explains that he's surprised that they sold out so fast, and said that he had been able to pre-order his on Amazon and asked if they had checked there yet; they might be able to get it online. Her husband starts laying into this mutual friend; telling him what a *fucking asshole* he was for shoving in their faces that HE got a copy and they DIDN'T, and that he's a horrible person. I was absolutely shocked that this is the sort of response they were handing out to people. I couldn't stand seeing someone being shit on for no reason like this, especially from one friend to another friend, so I stood up for the mutual friend. I responded to the post myself, saying "Hey man, why are you acting like a dick? MUTUAL FRIEND was just trying to help out. I'm sure Bethesda will either make some more or there may be some other way to get a copy. There's no need to be shitting on people for it." Now they are yelling at me. And my friend sends me a private message, a long one, telling me how much she hates me. How DARE I call her husband a dick, that I hadn't spoken to them for a year since the wedding and how shitty it is that the first thing I say is that her husband is a dick, that I've always been an arrogant asshole who thinks he's better than everyone else and always has to be right, and that she never wants to speak to me again. Again, this is someone I cared about a lot, but she had made her decision clear. So I responded with something to the effect of "I'm sorry you feel that way, but if that's your decision then very well. I don't think I want to be friends with someone who treats people the way you two are right now, anyway." They both defriended both me and the mutual friend after that, and deleted the inciting FB post from what I understand. Mutual friend and I chatted briefly about how completely out of left-field this was, confirmed both of us had been defriended, and then just moved on with our lives. Also, Bethesda DID of course make more copies of the Pip-Boy version of the game, which just made the whole situation even more ridiculous.
I feel like your edits make it clear why I'm struggling with this decision so much. lol Yeah 3-4 is a small difference but it does change the look enough that I keep wiggling back and forth.
So a hypothetical 10th option? Hell, I could even do an 11th (or 12th) option too! That's part of my issue; there's so many ways I can mix and match elements. Now I also need to decide between [these!](https://i.imgur.com/QNXWLzK.png) It'd be super helpful if I could see them laid out in a 3d shape; might make certain parts look better or worse. Alas I don't have the skill or means to do that sort of rendering.
I'm a big video game guy myself, but I cannot fathom screaming at someone because a game I wanted sold out. I do agree, there must have been something on. Either someone else was a problem and they took it out on us, or I hadn't realized I was doing something wrong to piss them off. Maybe us drifting apart hurt her more than I realized, but she wasn't mature enough to articulate it. I don't know. Her mom died from cancer not long after we left high school; I drove down for the funeral and was really torn up about it; her mom was great and seemed to be happy about our friendship. I'm not a religious person, but I can only imagine that if there is a heaven, her mom must have been looking at that whole situation and been so incredibly disappointed.
I want you to know I appreciate your last sentence a lot. I agree, that's pretty much how the game is designed, and by playing it I found that I am not a fan of that kind of gameplay, hence why I stopped. Lots of people who are telling me how I was playing wrong don't seem to get that you could hand someone the best racing game ever made, but if they don't like racing games they aren't going to like it.
Which is why I don’t play those other games; not interested. But of course if you enjoy them all power to you!
This is where divine vs arcane magic being different is important. In my mind, divine magic is borrowed and comes from a source outside yourself. A cleric can cast spells because their god grants them that power through proper worship of the god. A paladin can cast spells because they commit themselves to the tenants of their oath. If the cleric or paladin stops doing those things, that source will be cut and they won’t be able to cast spells anymore. Arcane magic is learned and/or internal. There is no outside source giving you the power. Wizards can cast spells because they studied how to manipulate the weave. Sorcerers have a built in natural way to do it. Their power can’t be taken because it’s *their* power. And so warlocks, being arcane casters, fall into that category as well. The magic they gain from their pact is not borrowed like a cleric’s, it’s given as a gift. Their patron is not the source of the spell they are casting, they just taught them how to do it. The warlock becomes the source. So if the warlock renegades on their patron, they don’t lose their power.
Yes there's definitely a certain..... attitude among some Dark Souls players that I am also not a fan of, which has nothing to do with how much I do or don't enjoy the games. Hell I've seen a bit of that here just with this conversation.
Yeah I wouldn't necessarily saw "taught" like a wizard per se, just that they gave the warlock the capability to use magic. More like a sorcerer makes some sense as well depending on how you want to look at it. The point is that the source of the power and the spell isn't the patron the way it is for a cleric, which is how the two are different.
When Harry returns from the graveyard and is telling Dumbledore what happened, he explains how Voldemort had used Harry's own blood for his resurrection ritual, citing that Voldemort thought it would make him stronger somehow. In that moment, Harry swears that he sees a flash of triumph in Dumbledore's eyes, and then it's quickly replaced with concern again. The triumph was, essentially, Dumbledore's internal exclamation of "YES, you did it now, Tom, you can never kill this boy, which means you have lost." By using Harry's blood, Voldemort ensured that the sacrificial magic Lily gave her son lived on; it would no longer break when Harry turned 17, presumably because it was now tethered to a living being. This is also why Dumbledore tells Snape that Voldemort *must* be the one to kill Harry; because of the protection, Voldemort wouldn't be able to kill him, but *would* be able to kill the piece of Voldemort's soul that was bound to Harry, and thus ensure that Voldemort can be defeated. If Voldemort hadn't done that; hadn't used Harry's blood to give himself a new body, that protection wouldn't have been there.
It was luck. Or, more accurately, Voldemort’s own arrogance and lack of understanding. Dumbledore hadn’t known about the resurrection ritual or anything until it happened. But that’s why Dumbledore was so happy; that’s why there was triumph in his eyes. He legitimately thought, right up until that moment, that Harry would have to die because the part of Voldemort’s soul attached to him needed to be killed. Voldemort, without realizing it, had ensured Harry’s safety. He could never kill him.
Naw, she's just actually an elf.
This is so false; his computer disconnected within seconds of him first connecting. Peter actually made the joke at Sean's (Sam's) expense because his connection got weird during a story he was telling.
I don't have the book, but the idea of gods bestowing "gifts" onto people isn't just a pseudo-Greek thing. Surely you could employ that in any game setting with gods?
The Scanlan Effect in full force. And it's a beautiful thing. You're a lucky person.
Even then though. I don’t know much about Theros but I assume there is some kind of Zeus-equivalent god. So his gift is probably something lightning-related. Just rename it and it could easily be a gift from, say, Kord. Or Thor. Or whoever your setting’s “god of lightning” is.
Yeah surely you'd need to implement the piety system if you wanted to use the gifts. I am just attempting to make the argument that you don't need a Greek-inspired setting to do so. I could see piety working very well in a more traditional medieval-style setting. As long as there are gods, there can be piety. The system sounds very cool, though. I need to get my hands on the book soon.
There wasn’t. Luckily, it got cancelled last minute.
Some of them do look great, like Dwalin and Gloin. And then there's Fili and Kili...
Seeing the word cocks in this sort of old-timey style writing just makes me think of GoT.
My Twitch drop page shows this as June 2nd, with June 3rd not showing. Though as far as I'm aware, the event wasn't even starting until today, so I'm rather confused.
If the points shift such that a 2000pt game today is a 3000pt game tomorrow, then in theory the same number of people who prefer 2000pt games should prefer 3000pt games.
It's really shocking how... un-Trump-like these quotes are. Not just because they imply a man who cares about the American people, but he was able to string two sentences together without interrupting himself, going off on multiple tangents, repeating words or phrases; it's astonishing what a few years have done.
No of course not; that’s not at all what I meant at all. That’s why I was focusing on the style of the words and not the content. Obviously I know he’s full of shit. I’m just surprised he was able to enunciate his shit so clearly before.
And yet you didn't reposition the arrows to be coming out of his chest. I'm disappointed.
Listen, I legitimately want to ask at what point you, personally, think it is okay to fight against oppression and injustice. I'm not making an argument one way or the other if we are at that point. I just want to know when you think it's become okay to actually rebel against the people who wish you harm. Because this country was there before, when the colonies fought against England for independence. Obviously at some point, it was decided that things had gotten bad enough to riot, to fight, to harm others and risk harm to themselves in order to improve the situation. We saw this in other places too; France for example. Ireland as another. The American Civil War happened over stuff like this. People fighting because they believed they had justifiable reason to fight. So, these efforts of rebellion, of conflict and violence; they were okay then. When do you think it will be okay now? This is a legitimate question, I want to know what needs to happen for you to say it's okay for people to be violent.
I have not seen a single video of protesters attacking the press. I have seen multiple videos of police attacking the press. I'm not saying there aren't examples of protesters doing it, but I haven't seen it. Might you have a source or some evidence?
I appreciate your candor about this. I don't like violence, but I have grown up on a diet of Star Wars, Harry Potter, Lord of the Rings, Avatar, and many more stories besides; and the one thing all this media has made very clear is that sometimes, even though violence is ugly and even though everyone would prefer it didn't come to it, myself included, it *is* needed. It *is* necessary. And I respectfully disagree with your opinion that it's use in the past was universally bad and that it's never ever acceptable. Violence was used to stop WWII. Violence was used to stop slavery. Violence is not always universally evil. I've often said amongst my friends before, some people only respond to a punch to the face; no matter how much you try and reason with them, plead with them, ask them to stop their terrible behavior, they won't respond to anything else. My friends would tell you I am far from an aggressive person. I don't like conflict and I don't like fighting. I've never even been in a brawl. But that doesn't make me a pacifist. As you yourself pointed out, violence *can* be understandable. I would argue that with understanding can come necessity. I'm not saying I like it, no. I'm not reveling in it. But surely we can agree there are times when you *need* to use violence, in order to protect yourself and others, and almost always because the antagonizing force is using violence of their own. And since the option at that point is either "fight back" or "just die," I'd rather take the fight back option. It's not my first choice, but eventually it would become my only reasonable choice. So again, I don't mean to ask the same question again, but there *must* be a point when violence becomes both acceptable and necessary. Maybe that point is beyond comprehension, like if police started gunning down civilians en mass with live ammunition. But you know... maybe it's not. I don't get the impression, based on your post that you are black. I am not. As such, I cannot say I've lived my life under the kind of oppression that black Americans have consistently been living under. But enough of the black population has made it clear that they *have* been living under terrible oppression. And not only that, I've seen the evidence for it. I've heard stories from friends about it. I've watched the videos of brutality and deaths. So if the black community comes to me and says "it's reached the point where violence has become necessary," I don't feel like I have any right to tell them that it hasn't. I haven't experienced what they have. Please have an upvote.
You edited bravely. You have kept your honor. :D
I legitimately enjoy blue Avatar. I know so many other people don’t like it and think it’s derivative, but I loved the world building and the plot was serviceable enough to enjoy. I don’t care if other movies have used the same ideas.
Ken's Watanabe's character would have said it was like a dog dying for his owner.
It's actually a dagger; the long scabbard just makes his opponents think it's a longer blade that he won't be able to draw quickly.
Probably The Oregon Trail. And we all know how that usually turns out.
I'm still not 100% sure if this song is about a kid... 1) seeing Dad dressed up like Santa, but not realizing it, and thinking that Mom was kissing the real Santa or 2) seeing Mom kissing the real Santa
For what it's worth, I'm doing much better since [this post](https://www.reddit.com/r/MensLib/comments/gquswm/tuesday_checkin_hows_everyones_mental_health/frwn3nx/). Ex still has yet to contact me, to either tell me personally what's going on or to discuss handling things like the apartment lease, her possessions, etc. However, I have been able to confirm from others that, indeed, she is with another guy, it's who I thought it was, they have been together since at least July of last year, and they moved into her parents' in-law apartment sometime in August. Also, there is extremely compelling evidence that she's been lying to me about *one thing or another* since we started dating, so including major personal stuff concerning her medical history and past experiences. I'm still not sure exactly how I'm going to pay off the rest of my lease, which is up in Sept (I could break it, but the fee means I would end up paying about the same by just sticking the lease out), but after that I *do* have a place to stay with some friends who want to help me get back on my feet. Knowing now that I'll have a roof, and the truth about the past year (really past 1.5 years; I am very certain she's been seeing this guy even before she left), I feel much less anxious and much better. I just gotta get through the next few months and then I have the future ahead of me.
I don't have a source, but I remember reading somewhere that she's half Asian and half white. So assuming that's true you are... technically both correct?
That's mean to laugh at you. It's not an unreasonable interpretation.
This is honestly par the course for so much of the world, imho. There’s a LOT of absolutely terrible human beings out there who have managed to fly under the radar until recently, because they are beginning to feel empowered enough to reveal themselves and loudly express their hatred.
My apologies; first comment got removed due to language. As far as I’m personally concerned, that guy represents the highest scum in the hobby. He once dumped all over my ex’s opinion piece about hoping for better representation in 40K. Right around when the death threats popped into the comments of the article. Completely destroyed her desire to continue writing publicly.
There are people who will gatekeep the hobby and don’t want athletic or good-looking guys taking part in it. I assume that’s what he means. It’s a problem in a lot of geeky circles, really. Travis Willingham is one celebrity that has talked about this before and his experience with it.
I definitely think it’s gotten much better lately. I partially thank the success of D&amp;D which has become more popular than ever and opened the geek door to more people.
I think that *is* a grey knight. Armor looks sorta black but I think it's meant to be a dark silver. Marine has the book on the chest, red and white motif on the shoulder, gold lettering on the armor, Inquisitor symbol, etc. etc.
It's funny, tools are actually extremely useful for the building and progression of society. Unlike that guy.
Black Lives Matter isn't really a movement about black people being killed *in a general sense.* Obviously that's a problem and it's one we, as a society, need to fix. But BLM is pretty specifically focused against systemic racism and the way black people are treated by our government and law enforcement, and how black people are abused by and killed by police disproportionately compared to other races. That's doesn't mean there aren't other problems that need fixing; BLM is just focused on this one. It'd be like getting angry at a cancer charity for not also donating to Parkinson's; that's not the focus and there are other charities for that. I had also not heard about Dorn until now. What happened to him is terrible and I hope the people involved are brought to justice. However, I'm not really sure why there's confusion regarding why he isn't spoken about by BLM. He wasn't killed by a corrupt or racist cop; he was killed by a criminal undergoing a criminal act. That's *terrible*, of course, but it's not really the thing BLM is specifically trying to stop right now. And I don't even see where there is evidence that he was killed by a BLM protester; maybe someone could point it out to me. From what I have seen, he was killed by a looter. To be honest though, even the term "looter" here seems strange; it feels like that word is only being used to associate with the protests going on. Normally they'd probably use the term "thief" or "robber" or something like that. Not to mention we have ample evidence that there are other groups attempting to undermine the protests by committing violence. Either way, may Dorn RIP. I'm sorry for his family and I hope his assailant(s) are found.
He didn’t say that. I said that. Make sure you’re aware if the usernames you are responding to. What I will say is that I think both of what you said has merit. This is an extremely complicated situation with a lot of deep roots to it. I don’t think anyone will ever have a perfect or simple way that fixes it in a short period of time. I still support the movement that exists now. And I’ll support the movement that comes after.
Arch is a stain on the hobby and on humanity. I legitimately dislike him more than other more relevant world leaders, because he directly impacted my life. My first and only exposure to him was after my ex had written an article talking about her brief attempts to get into the hobby, the mysogynist treatment she received as a result, and her hope that the hobby would become more inclusive over time. Arch, I discovered after this got brought to our attention, had apparently found the article and spent dumped on her and two other authors in one of his videos. Called her a liar and claimed there was no mysogynists or sexists in the hobby (because, and I quote, “I’ve never experienced it.”) And then the death threats started rolling into the comment section of the article. Guess who never got into the hobby and stopped writing?
RT. I thought that was odd, but the instructions seem to indicate to leave it at RT while it ferments. And who am I to question Ken Forkish, right? It even makes references to possibly needing more ferment time in the winter. And in top of that, he wanted a 4 hour RT proof. Idk if my kitchen was just way too hot (got to around 73°F I believe) or if the instructions are inaccurate. A cold ferment probably would have been better, I agree.
It’s the overnight country blonde in FWSY. Step 3. Page 170. [Picture here.](https://i.imgur.com/RWRIkxo.jpg)
I’ve had great success with his white breads. And even his hybrid pain de campagne. Not this one though, at least going by the book. The only flour I’ve ever added to a Forkish recipe after the bulk ferment was to dust the surface I was working on it to flour the basket for the proof.
A mixture of whole wheat and all-purpose. Levain has good activity, responds well to feeding, and I used it once before with a different recipe from FWSY (one that didn’t call for such a long bulk ferment) and that loaf came out great.
Cold ferments in the fridge also work great. I’ll be trying that next time to see how it goes, and with lower hydration as well.
I’m honestly not sure. I imagine 12-15 hours in a fridge would probably make more sense than 12-15 hours at RT, though.
You can tell he hadn't worn that shirt for a while before taking the second picture; crease in the center where it's been folded in his drawer for a year and a half.
I honestly think Rowling is just as confused as these people here in this thread, asking about why her words are a problem. Part of the difference, though, is that at least some of the people here are asking in order to learn and be better, where Rowling doesn't seem interested in that. I'm willing to believe that she *doesn't* want to hurt trans people; like she wouldn't attack a transperson on the street or call transpeople terrible names. But, she's entirely ignorant to what it means to be trans, and just legitimately doesn't understand why her views/words *are* harmful. It's the same thing as saying a person can say something that's racist, or have racist beliefs ingrained in them through society, but that doesn't mean they actually hate black people or want to see them hurt. They are still a problem though, because they are spreading racist thoughts and ideals and creating an environment to foster more racism without understanding it. Example; my father does not hate Chinese people, and would never argue for laws to hurt Chinese people, but I've heard him make jokes about getting the "chinky-chinky" when I've suggested we could get Chinese for dinner or something. He didn't realize why that's inappropriate, why that's racist, and why you shouldn't say it, and was confused when I challenged him on it and explained why he shouldn't say that. All of this is not to give her a pass; I'm extremely disappointed in her and what she's saying is wrong. It's only to point out that her beliefs seem, at least to me, to come from ignorance rather than hate.
To be clear, the article doesn't just replace every instance of "woman" with "people who menstruate" in such a clumsy way, which Rowling's tweet also seems to imply. The article, and its title, just uses inclusive language. "An estimated 1.8 billion girls, women, and gender non-binary persons menstruate," is one example in the article. But the words "woman" and "women" are used plenty as well. Rowling is literally bitching about inclusive language and focusing on it unjustly. [Article here](https://www.devex.com/news/sponsored/opinion-creating-a-more-equal-post-covid-19-world-for-people-who-menstruate-97312#.XtwLnv0aEeR.twitter) if you'd like to read it for yourself to see how Rowling's attitude is unreasonable.
[Article here](https://www.devex.com/news/sponsored/opinion-creating-a-more-equal-post-covid-19-world-for-people-who-menstruate-97312#.XtwLnv0aEeR.twitter) if you want to actually read it. You tell me how clumsy it's written.
Ignorance, unfortunately, can be willful. I wouldn’t be surprised if she’s made up her mind in this and any attempt to help her understand are going to be ignored. In which case, I suppose we do start sliding away from ignorance to something else.
I also had tried the country blonde just this weekend and made a post about my failure + experiment to see what I could do to salvage it ([here](https://www.reddit.com/r/Breadit/comments/gyeq4p/forkish_suggested_i_let_my_sourdough_ferment_for/)); the book's instructions seem to make it clear that Forkish wants a 12-15 hour ferment at room temperature (both with references to what to do if the temperature is lower than 70F, and that it may take longer in the winter). Well I did that, but it came out a gloopy mess like /u/fr4ternity had. But you put it in the fridge overnight instead, so was there a line that we both missed saying to put it in the fridge for those 12-15 hours? I went over the instructions multiple times.
This is amazing. I tried to make armor from foam once and it came out horrid. Did you use any existing patterns or just "freehand" it?
The whole "wizards poop themselves" thing feels so unjustifiably off base. By which I mean, of the legitimate things to be angry at JK about, that really shouldn't be one of them. That poop fact came out in a Pottermore article, years ago, where it was a single line or two in a much larger article about how the plumbing in Hogwarts developed. It's *exceptionally* British-style humor, the sort of thing you might see in Monty Python .
I think the most pedantic way to phrase it would be; He split it **7 times** into **8 vessels.**
You're technically correct. There *could* be an answer there; like magic can heal stuff that can actually heal itself, it just magically speeds the process. So Mad-Eye couldn't re-grow a lost leg or his lost eye because the body can't do that sort of thing normally, but bones *are* capable of healing themselves..... but then, they aren't capable of completely re-creating a new limb which is essentially what the Skelo-Gro did for Harry.... Man, we should just chock it up to "some people like to keep their scars/imperfections because it's a part of what makes them, them," and leave it at that. Dumbledore, for example, likely kept his broken nose as a reminder of what had happened to his family.
What the hell is with your mom/mum complex? It's two spelling variations of the same word. If I told you my favorite color was gray would you actually be trite enough to tell me that no, actually my favorite *colour* is *grey*?
They aren't just desert dress; that's just standard simple dress most farmers or "simple folk" in the Star Wars universe wear. Jedi wear the same type of clothing on purpose; in theory the only way to tell someone is a Jedi or not is to see them use the Force or wield a lightsaber.
See, I should have listened to my gut like you subconsciously did. I thought 12-15 hours at RT would be way too long, but I trusted the book. Next time I'll try it in the fridge overnight instead! How long would you say the dough was out before you put it in the fridge, while you were doing the initial folds? And for that last 4-hour proof, did you leave it out at RT then or put it back in the fridge?
Sounds like the fridge definitely was the trick. I’ll give it a shot next time.
Fair enough! Thank you for the link. I wasn't sure how rages interacted in that way, RAW. The only thing that would be problematic would be the rage ending early, but since the tiefling in this example is taking damage every around that wouldn't be anything to worry about. Interesting point in that same link though; a zealot barbarian literally could be too angry to die forever as long as they never sleep.... Edit: Scratch that; they could still die due to getting 6 levels of exhaustion. Which for a barbarian not sleeping would take a while but would happen eventually.
***Oh no*** Edit: I did double check the warforged just to be sure; I think RAW this would work. Their Sentry's Rest trait requires them to be motionless for 6 hours of inactivity, but specifically says that they don't fall unconscious when they do this, so in theory there's nothing preventing you from raging through your rest.
At lvl 20 he doesn't need to; rage doesn't end early unless he falls unconscious or wills it to. My only question is, how COULD you kill one? Arguably, stacking exhaustion effects would still work if you had a monster or spells which could do that; they just don't have to worry about exhaustion from lack of sleep. Also, I think overkilling them would work. Zealot feature means they can't die as a result of hitting 0 hit points, but overkill damage just kills you (hitting 0 is just a pre-requisite, and the zealot feature still lets you *hit* 0, you just don't die from that specifically). Of course, a lvl 20 warforged barbarian probably has at least 285 hit points, so good luck doing that much damage with a single attack even if the warforged has hit 0.
But that's heresy!
Nope, no requirement to be unconscious for overkill to do its thing. Just, you know, a vast majority of people would technically be unconscious for .038 seconds before the death took over. If I'm a lvl 1 wizard with 7 HP, and someone hits me for 14 damage from full health, it's just instant-death.
True! At 0 hit points as long as they fail their save, the sleep will take them out. Edit: WAIT sleep has no save, I forgot! Damn that'd totally work.
Yes, I realized immediately afterwards that sleep has no save component. Okay... so what about an elf zealot barbarian? Can't be magically put to sleep, and their trance leaves them "semiconscious" which isn't the same as unconscious, right? So could an elf zealot rage-trance?
Oh damn, yes you are correct. I had totally missed that second part of the "don't need to sleep" line. So I guess our sleep idea wouldn't work at all.
Man, this post even has almost 3x as many upvotes. I'm gettin' me cutlass!
The only other context I've heard a Roentgen in was science fiction in Halo: Reach, when the Covenant start glassing the planet and the first surge hits right near where the main characters are. Kat calls out, "Radiation flare! Big! Forty million roentgens!" With no idea as to what a roentgen is, I assumed 40 million was a lot, but if these guys got hit by 0.112..... yeesh.
Would you be able to make each line from a new person speaking its own paragraph? A bit hard to read like this. But this is how I'd imagine these sorts of things tend to go; almost makes sense, but not really.
Well, this *was* after the UNSC/Covenant war, with humanity's new alliance with the Sangheili. Maybe that's enough of a justification for a re-branding into a new era.
Mildly related, my starter is named Sour-on.
A: They will look for his coming from the White Tower... but he will not return. (Single tear)
S’all good, thanks friend!
Yeah it feels like such an inelegant solution to me. I understand they don’t want people alone on a server since then there is no human challenge, but just prioritize those servers to get filled by new players.
Oof, that's a big mistake. Funny you mention 3 of them; they actually had 3 guys on their crew. No idea where the 3rd guy was, or how I managed to kill these two, grab the chest, sell it, cheer like an idiot, and then still reposition myself into a new hiding spot before these two respawned and all three of them launched over to the center area. I guarantee this would have gone differently if it was 3v1 instead of 2v1.
I also fully admit, I have a terrible time with combat in this game. It isn't like I can carefully aim a slash exactly where I want; you can even see here how we are all jumping around like rabbits and trying to land hits, and multiple times I get a hit on someone who is barely on screen, if they even are. That last slash that killed the second guy, you even see I'm trying to figure out where he is as he's jumping without slashing. I'm not sure what he wants me to do instead. Just die, I guess.
I usually try to do the same, though my crew prefers the "we're all going to go and protect the guy with the big item so we can dump it quickly and not worry about losing it." I think both techniques have their merits. My plan here was kill them regardless, and if they didn't bring the chest with them I'd try and get onto their boat and grab it before they respawned. Fortunately they did bring it along!
I do wish you could have cosmetic flags in addition to other flags with a mechanical purpose, like the alliance flag.
I honestly hadn't even felt at the time like I was just swinging wildly; there was an attempt to aim. I was purposely trying to be aggressive, hoping doing so would cause them to panic. It's just that with people hopping around like rabbits it can be difficult to figure out where you're opponent is going to be. And sometimes with the adrenaline pumping I might press the button an additional time or two after the opponent was dead. I honestly don't know how everyone else manages to have perfect swing aim, with every single attack a flawless stroke into their target, with nary a missed blow.
Not boring at all! He surely decided it wasn't worth attacking you, especially since you managed to kill him twice AND sink him. Knew not to mess with you.
Can you? I’ve tried it before and it didn’t seem to work.
Be fair here; my post was written before that. Clearly she didn’t deserve it.
Ah okay. My hope was to be able to have the alliance offer flag up at the same time as a personal flag.
Uh, yes they do. Thank you.
Yeah, need to practice more. I thought I did *okay* for myself but eh, some of the people here just wanna talk about how bad I am instead of how I'm improving by actually winning a fight.
I actually don't think I made myself clear with my last post. I understand my aim isn't good; I'm saying if my sensitivity were lower it would be even worse. I wouldn't be able to track them at all and wouldn't have been able to fight properly. The high sensitivity is what saved me. I absolutely need to get better, but I've tried doing that on low sensitivity and it always resulted in my death.
Somewhere around the middle of the bar I believe; not sure what the exact number is.
I can try doing that, but my entire intention is to be able to get good at aiming at higher sensitivity so I can turn and react quicker. Obviously there's going to be a learning curve where I'm all over the place and janky, but I expected that would happen.
TBH, I'm pretty discouraged from some of the attitudes I've seen in this post, not even just that guy's. I wasn't expecting people to act like this was an MVP play, but I was proud of myself for actually coming out on top of an encounter for once. But most people just want to tell me that I'm still trash. It's like.... I know I am... that's why I'm trying to do better and learn...
The button prompts may have gone by too quick to notice in the video, but I'm on Xbox.
Thanks! There's been some discussion and strong opinions about it already in the thread, lol. I was absolutely horrible when my sensitivity was low; I couldn't react quickly enough. The high sensitivity makes my aiming a bit jerkier, but I'm being honest when I say it means I can react more quickly and turn better. I don't think I would have had the same outcome if my sensitivity was lower. I'm also on Xbox, which maybe explains things better? Not sure.
Cheers!
You can set your settings to prefer to play with only Xbox and Controller, which I do, but it’s not a 100% guarantee that’ll be the case. And as far has been my experience, if anyone on your crew is playing on PC you can’t have that setting on or they won’t be able to join.
Lol. Take a look through the thread. My sensitivity is pretty high. That’s why some people are shitting on me for my bad aim. But as you said it’s the high sensitivity that actually let me track these guys as they moved around. Otherwise I would have been dead. But yeah I’m specifically trying to get better at higher sensitivity.
Correct; I'm playing on Xbox. I hadn't realized how much the sub assumes everyone is playing on PC.
As far as opening the mail, I believe that's not true if you live at the same residence; it's technically legal for the roommate to open it. I'm not sure about withholding, though.
I find that the "I suffered, so you need to suffer too" mentality is pretty strong here in America. Not sure if this story is about Americans or not, but that was absolutely my first assumption.
You know you really didn't need to downvote me for politely expressing what I thought was the law. Just explain that I was wrong with your source. I didn't say the roommate was a good person for what he did.
Probably my 20th, which was the first time people who weren't my family went out of their way to celebrate my existence. My gf at the time drove over to my campus from her school about 1.5 hours away. She baked a cake, made cookies, and stayed the weekend. And it's the best birthday because I hadn't asked for any of that. She had taken it upon herself to do it, without my prompting or hinting. And besides, you know, my parents and such, no one had ever done that for me before.
I feel like I need someone to ELI5, maybe with examples, before I fully understand how this works. I'm probably just having a brainfart but I can't wrap my head around exactly how this rule works. Where do you draw the 1mm line to? Any part of the model? The base? The head? The torso? If I have a flyrant with its wings spread out wide, such that its entire body is covered by a building more than 5" tall but the wings are clearly visible, can it be shot?
Yup. And it's a $25 court cost if you'd like to argue the case, at least where I am. So even if you go, and the judge agrees the officer was in the wrong and scrubs the ticket, you're still out $25 and what happens to the cop? Nothing.
When he got out of the vehicle I was honestly terrified.
Dude, with all respect and I know you are just claiming "devils advocate", this is bullshit. I don't care how many people, including your cop buddies, offer up "justification". It's bullshit. He clearly wasn't driving recklessly, else the cop would have said something when asked. 5mph below the speed limit is not a "there might be something wrong" situation. I could see if you were going 40 in a 70; that would seem a reasonable time to pull someone over to see if they are okay and why they are driving so slowly, but 65? Seriously? You're making excuses to justify the bad behavior and I don't even think you yourself realize that you are.
I do get your point there. I think cops in general are taught an "us vs them" mentality; they go out *looking* for "criminals" and looking to write people up. Maybe out of some messed-up sense of "doing their duty," or because it makes them feel powerful, or maybe something else. Idk. But there's definitely a dynamic there where they go out looking for trouble. And yeah, they'll do that to people of all ethnic groups. Part of the problem, and where the racism really enters, is that they are more likely to assume that a black guy is one of those "criminals", and thus more likely to target them and pull them over for doing something """""suspicious"""". It's less of a "I hate black people" kind of racism, and more of a "I assume a black person is more likely to be doing something wrong" kind of racism. And I think the fact that racism comes in different varieties like that gets lost on people. This cop may not want to kill blacks, or may not wish harm upon blacks, but he almost definitely profiled this guy for being black. That's where the racism comes in.
[Pic of the colors during the day](https://pbs.twimg.com/profile_images/1135384977909125126/DxaT02zD.jpg) (though it does look foggy). Best way to tell when a Meg rolls up is to look at the glowing parts. For the Shrouded Ghost it's a pinkish/peach color.
Shit, I thought that was intentional, like it was a stylized cartoon mouse that had a little old-mouse-man frown. I'm trying to look at it otherwise and my brain won't do it. Edit: [This angle and lighting shows the proper nose much better.](https://image.shutterstock.com/z/stock-photo-novosibirsk-russia-july-monument-to-the-laboratory-mouse-is-a-sculpture-in-the-city-of-1445056241.jpg)
Did they end up fixing this or something? My crew put me in the brig once and then a friend blunder bombed me to death. When I got to the Ship of the Damned I was able to grab a pink lantern. Later during a different session one crew member blundered another crew member who wasn’t in the brig and they, too, were able to get a pink lantern.
Yeah I hope they don’t change it. My question (which I realize I didn’t portray well) is whether you need to do the logging shuffle thing. In my experience it’s not necessary. Just blunder away!
Crew and I had that once. Kraken spawned first. Then ships. Then Meg showed up. We actually sunk the ship, killed 5 or so tentacles before sailing out of the black, and then killed the meg. And as we’re sitting there looking at the tentacles in the distance we decide to go back and finish the job. And realized as we pulled in that we only had 6 cannonballs left. But we managed to defeat the kraken as well!
What do you mean? I've been behind on the tall tales and finally finished SoG a few days ago, had a lvl 2 reapers, sold it to the servant and definitely got 13,334 gold for it.
The only justification I have is that she was meant to be some sort of emergency fallback; like he had some sort of "if I do get killed again I'll use her body to live on, which I can do because she's got my blood" or whatever. That at least... would be make some sense.
I actually did this exactly two days ago, though it was *late* two days ago.... so... man idk. Edit: It was specifically Tuesday night. So actually THREE days ago, just before they changed it. Lucky!
It *is*, but idk; I'm just trying to make sense of it. Maybe he got paranoid enough to have *another* another fallback.
But that *is* the logging shuffle. Having someone log off and log back in is what I mean by a logging shuffle. In my experience that isn't necessary; I'm pretty sure no one in my crew had left when we did the two situations I described (though, I could be mistaken; it was a little while ago).
Oh don't worry about it; no need to apologize. It's not a proper term so much as just what I'm describing; you're shuffling between logging in and out.
Oh yes please!
Makes me think of that “biologically accurate” Spongebob comic.
Was there sexual innuendo with Tom Bombadil? I only ask because you said it was "cranked up", implying it existed at all. Granted I think the last time I read through FotR was about 10 years ago, so I could just not be remembering.
Ah no I must have clicked the wrong reply. Meant to say that to the guy above you. My b.
And there’s Ashley Johnson in the replies spitting truth.
They are all absolutely amazing people.
Ask me how I know you watch Fox news.
Then why equate CHAZ to burning down cities? Nothing like that is happening in CHAZ. Quote from Mayor Jenny Durkan "[CHAZ is] four blocks in Seattle that is more like a block party atmosphere. It's not an armed takeover. It's not a military junta. We will make sure that we will restore this but we have block parties and the like in this part of Seattle all the time ... there is no threat right now to the public." Other news sites have also confirmed that it's a festival-like atmosphere. USA Today reported on the protesters "[they] have had their rough edges dulled by tens of thousands of tourists and sightseers. CHAZ has morphed into what looks and feels like a mini Burning Man festival." Any negativity you've heard about CHAZ is a lie perpetuated to make it look like a violent and hostile takeover. There is no armed unrest.
Maybe they are hoping to do good so that their agreement can be extended?
I mean.... who the hell cares? What does it matter if it technically falls into one era or the other if the content and story is good?
[Relevant video is relevant.](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0VXIEA_U2QY)
It does make some sense; that lady thought Katara was betrothed because of her necklace and didn't find it odd that a 14-year-old was set to be married.
Idk, Peter is pretty well shown to be very awkward and not all that popular in the MCU. Maybe not “literal laughing stock of the entire school” not popular, but definitely doesn’t come across as one of the cool kids.
I... just thought this was fun soldier banter. I’m honestly shocked so many people hate this line. I had no issue with it at all. Especially since it’s like naming a big guy “Tiny.” It’s obvious sarcasm. Now if she had pulled a word-for-word Anakin I could see the anger.
Random aside, I personally simplify fall damage for larger/heavier objects by changing the type of die used. Tiny objects are d4s. Small and Medium are d6s. Large is d8. Huge is d10. Gargantuan and larger is d12. So a dragon falling from 50 feet deals 5d12 damage to itself and whatever it lands on. A bear would deal 5d8. If a fairy got stunned while flying it would deal 5d4 on the way down. Etc.
Yeah sometimes it's just luck and timing. The Reapers Bounty steal I posted on this account only happened because I checked my map right before I was about to log off for the day, saw a brig bringing it over, sent my ship off man-less, and waited for them.
Obamamama
Forsaken Ashes hull if you have it. Ashen Dragon Hull would probably also look good if you're okay with the glow. Some of the Admiral Hulls may look pretty good, or the Scurvy Bilge Rat, or Ocean Crawler.
Agreed, and I can't stand jerks who act aggressively but without actually firing any shots themselves, then act all hurt and scream self-defense when they attack you. A long while ago we had some people jump on our ship without saying anything. My friend rightfully thought we were being attacked and started shooting them. Unfortunately they were better players than us, killed us, and sunk our ship. When we got to the SotD, a few of them had killed themselves to also spawn there and told us that's what we get for attacking them first, and *maybe* in the future we will listen to another crew before we open fire.
Yeah I mean, I enjoy Avatar. It's not my favorite movie and I don't own any merchandise, but I have a copy on BluRay and I would consider myself a fan. It's mostly for the worldbuilding; I'm a sucker for that sort of stuff, and Pandora is such a rich setting.
I go red personally; breaks up the green and gold a bit more.
As an American myself, enough Americans are just plain fucking stupid. Collectively as a society we seem to have the critical thinking skills of a boulder.
Do you literally not understand that those orders likely were what caused the death toll to even be as low as it is? That's literally what we're talking about here. It seems to be pretty fucking stupid to claim that, because we had fewer deaths than were estimated, the actions that were taken were a waste of time. Sounds to me like what we did was actually incredibly successful! Though of course, successful by comparison; we could have had even fewer deaths if America was better prepared for a pandemic and reacted to it faster.
Oh cool, how long have you been living in Massachusetts?
I still think that's a weak argument, though. I'm sure Voldemort wouldn't have insisted Snape act like an asshole to "keep his cover." If Snape told Voldemort that he needs to treat all the students fairly in order to be within Dumbledore's good graces and have everyone trust him; why wouldn't Voldemort think that's a grand idea? Riddle used to do the exact same thing.
That IS interesting; I've never heard that before. I was actually surprised during a re-listen to the audio books when I realized how terrible Malfoy was throughout the series. In the films he's much more of a sympathetic character that you feel like was just raised poorly, but doesn't want to actually hurt anyone. The books; nothing like that. He has no qualms with wishing death upon people. Granted, maybe you mean you sympathize with him in the same sense that Dumbledore sympathized with Dudley; that both were so damaged in their upbringings (though in different ways).
.....what kind of response was that? Voldemort was in charge of the death eaters. If Voldemort tells the death eaters that Snape is going to be acting “good” as part of his cover, that’s not going to make them question his true loyalties any more than they *already did*. Many of them already didn’t trust Snape, regardless of whether or not he was mean to a few students. My point is that Snape being mean as part of his cover makes no sense, because his boss certainly wouldn’t require it and his peers wouldn’t care regardless.
Oh it’s fantastic. I ended up using leaven a lot in my last game. One in one forest was the “Old God of the Briarwood”. It was reversed and feared by the nearby village. The PCs ran into it while trying to investigate why the animals of the forest had vanished, after I had drilled into them that this thing was EXTREMELY STRONG and is like an angrier Treebeard in that it WILL kill you if you disrespect the forest. They were polite and it directed them the cause of the disturbed ecology; a hydra that had moved in and started consuming everything. After they dealt with it the Lester appeared again to offer the Druid a gift in thanks. Helped set up that these particular creatures aren’t innately bad. Just very nature-focused. So when they went to the Druid’s home forest many levels later, that had been poisoned by demonic influence and blighted the area for miles, and I started showing them that the local leshen she knew had started making bloody and horrific totems, they knew what they were in for. So it was amazingly effective when it showed up with blood dripping from its eye sockets and rot covering its body and they had a legitimately tough fight. But they took it out, the Druid was distraught, but they destroyed the source of the corruption. Leshen are really a lot like treants with more of an edge. I like to make a distinction that whole both are nature and tree guardians, leshen are much more malicious and berserker-like than treants and are basically angry spirits.
The only thing I cannot stand about LoK, and which steps on this more mature tone, is the refusal of anyone in the show to even once say that &gt;!Zaheer *killed* the Earth Queen. They keep dancing around it by talking about how he “handled” her or “took her out” and I just can’t stand it.!&lt;
And more importantly, ATLA used the actual word kill. I don’t understand who made it so that LoK, which by that point I think was even in the Internet?, can’t even use the word.
No it isn’t, because in ATLA we not only see things like skeletons, but they use the word “kill” and “died” multiple times, and LoK wasn’t allowed to.
Sure, I of course realize that, but ATLA *did* use the word kill. What about the rules changed, and *why*? Also even if that is the reason, I don’t agree with it and still don’t like it.
I think we're comparing apples to oranges here. Yes they never confirmed that Jet died, but at least in the Ember Island Players episode they acknowledge this and actually use the word "die" to describe what they are seeing. All I'm saying is that I think it's jarring and weird that in LoK they couldn't say the words "Zaheer killed the Earth Queen." But in ATLA, they use the word kill and die often enough that it becomes a weird dichotomy. I don't remember them saying that Zaheer killed the Earth Queen in season four; if they did then it supports the idea that they weren't allowed to in season three for censorship reasons. But I still think this is weird because they had no problem using the word in ATLA which aired on the same network. That's literally my entire point; I don't think LoK is bad or anything. It's just jarring to see them stumble around a word that isn't particularly problematic *and has been used before early in the franchise*.
I used to always do this, but my crew has decided we should also put bananas in the bottom barrel. Since they are the lowest-health food and you often want more than a banana in a pinch, it's easier to grab better food if you don't have to scroll past the first group of bananas. And if you just need a banana to top off you can grab it from the bottom. I get the logic, but I can't help but imagine my bananas covered in worms and raw fish now.
Hell, I think technically custom backgrounds is the base way the system works, and the backgrounds we get in different books are really more like examples of backgrounds to pick. Somehow that got flopped around though and it became "these are the only official backgrounds, but if you want we can make you a custom background." I think 5e was meant to have a bit of this "freely pick your needed tools/languages/proficiencies that make sense for your character" method in the background system, but people didn't understand this.
I appreciate it. My annoyance was already directed at Nickelodeon though; I figured it wasn’t Michael and Bryan’s first choice. But it’s nice to get the confirmation.
Yup. I had to dispose of an opossum carcass once at work. I instantly understood the phrase “sickly sweet smell of death” after that. It’s extremely unique.
"This guy smiths"
I'm rather curious what you look like in the picture, if you're comfortable sharing. I suppose because I want to see how terrible these people really are with their opinions.
Yeah, I seriously I don't understand people. I definitely would not look at you and think "that guy's out of shape."
I think it’s very common to play variants of this rule. One is that when you cast the leveled spell, you trigger a WMS if the die comes up as the spell’s level or lower, making it more like that more powerful spells trigger surges. Another is where you increase the number you need to roll by 1 for every spell you cast, resetting when you get a WMS. So the first spell you cast you need a 1. If that doesn’t trigger then the second spell you cast you need a 2 or lower, then for the third a 3 or lower, etc until you get one.
Yeah, and Jackson even discusses in the making-of material his opinion that the books, are impossible to make into a movie; they are just too dense and have way too much detail to include every scene or line page-by-page. You need to change around a few things, remove some stuff, add some stuff so it all flows well in a way that makes sense for the film, etc. And I 100% agree with him and don't fault him at all. The films are masterpieces inspired by the books; they don't need to match them word-for-word to be excellent.
THANK YOU. No one should even go into a film adaptation of a book expecting it to be 100% accurate. It's impossible; the mediums are way too different. Look at Jurassic Park; the film is very different from the novel, but it's still a fantastic film for it.
*distantly* ^^The ^^Before ^^Times...
Interesting; so it's basically a program you have on your PC which allows you to connect cameras and then set all sorts of settings, such as when to record, where to record it, etc.? It looks like I could run this on a PC, connect the cameras to the PC, then have it write directly to an external HDD which I could swap out as I need to. Almost seems too good to be true. I do worry about the kind of CPU and RAM I'd need though; company laptops aren't exactly running huge numbers. Mine is an i5-6300U.
I've never really considered Good Omens to be horror. I know there's some demonic stuff in there obviously, but it never came off even as a horror parody to me.
True. But yeah I think it really does very quickly move away from horror.
See, that's interesting to me because my friends and I played this maybe 5 times over the course of a year in college, and each and every single time the Good team lost to the Evil team in Moria. It became the go-to strategy for Evil to focus their forces there, and the various buffs that Moria gets basically guaranteed that the Ring would be taken there and the game lost. We joked that there's a Balrog running around Middle-earth now with five rings of power on one of his hands, like some sort of demonic Thanos.
Yeah I there's also ranger, monk, artificer, bard, and wizard as other classes where the class name could be used in canon lore. Sorcerer may also qualify since they are pretty different in magical style from wizard, though I personally have a lot of my NPCs just use the catch-all of "mage" for anyone who utilizes arcane magic. Barbarian I could see also being in that group, though maybe not something a barbarian would call themselves. More an insult said to one. Honestly, rogue and fighter are probably the only classes where one *wouldn't* use the class name in lore.
Doing good things because you want to reap the benefits afterwards isn't necessarily a bad thing. As long as your motives aren't evil themselves, like "I'm going to do good so I can get into heaven and then take it over," I would say it's fine. Altruism feels good; if it didn't people probably wouldn't practice it so often. And it's okay to do something good if it makes you feel good, too, or lets you know you are being a better person.
Something I've never been clear about; is that across all gamers or just those who own the game?
