Those quotes are embarassingly basic. (The book excerpts, I mean. The blurbs are horrifying in a different way; I assume these are just unadulterated logrolling.)
Perfect. All the complaining, none of the active intervention. (Not even, "I worked hard to ensure the female students in my class felt fully able to participate in everything on offer. I was strategic in how I called on students to encourage both genders to join in. As an educator, I knew I had a responsibility – no matter how small – to model a world in which girls and women are self-expressed and even, dare I say it? fierce")
Once upon a time, there was a Canada Employment Insurance Financing Board, but no more. Brief overview: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Canada_Employment_Insurance_Financing_Board More, from the Parliamentary Budget Office: http://www.pbo-dpb.gc.ca/web/default/files/files/files/EI_response_EN.pdf
You should probably "guesstimate" the amount owing and make a payment (which was actually due at the end of April, just like other taxpayers - it is only the return that has a different due date). That's the first step. If you've already done this, then filing the return should wait until you have the complete file ready to go, IMO.
(Almost everyone gets the minimum of $600 per year, due to the "PA offset" in the pension credit formula) https://www.canada.ca/en/revenue-agency/services/forms-publications/publications/t4084/pension-adjustment-guide.html#_Toc299090314
You are only required to register for the G/HST if BOTH of two conditions apply: 1. You are not a small supplier 2. You provide taxable goods or services in Canada If all of your clients are in the U.S. and you have no clients in Canada, you are not required to register even if you are over the $30K ("small supplier") threshold. https://www.canada.ca/en/revenue-agency/services/tax/businesses/topics/gst-hst-businesses/when-register-charge.html (People are linking this without reading it?)
A series of "connecting factors" are used to determine whether the property (income is a form of property for the purposes of the exemption) is exempt or not. The factors were set out in a Supreme Court of Canada case called Williams (which was about whether EI payments were exempt or not). More here: https://www.canada.ca/en/revenue-agency/services/aboriginal-peoples/indian-act-exemption-employment-income-guidelines.html
I registered in 1992 because I was providing zero-rated supplies. There was no requirement to register but I wanted the ITCs. I'm not aware that it has ever been different and I believe it has always been this two-factor test.
I developed severe food aversions (a) during one of my pregancies and (b) during a time of very intense stress (the food aversions were an anxiety disorder). It took a long time for me to get good support in the second instance, for a series of reasons, and I suffered a lot for a long time, *not helped* by periodic "helpful" suggestions to "just" try eating a food I could not physically tolerate. Seriously, I put in a huge amount of emotional labour to develop a working relationship with food after very intense food trauma. I have zero time for people who equate eating any particular food with virtue. All that wasted money, indeed. Fuck you, Shauna.
1. You need pro advice if you're going to do this 2. 8891 has been discontinued by the IRS since 2015 3. I just can't see the benefit of doing this unless you have Canadian-source income against which to take the deduction. "Maybe I'll use this in the future" isn't a sufficient reason (and the HBP is a particularly poor reason to contemplate this) (Edit: And of course you wouldn't get any deduction in this case)
There is no reporting of gifts.
And if the pro fees for getting appropriate advice outweigh the potential "benefit" (in quotes here because I just don't see it), that's usually a signal that whatever the plan is just isn't worth doing
(What is BEC?)
&gt;income attribution will come back at you, unlike with a TFSA In some circumstances, though; you might want this. It's unusual, but possible; and if you're doing tax planning you want to know what the rules are (instead of just writing off something that may be of use)
No tax implications for a plan-to-plan transfer which results from separation or divorce. The "equalized" amount may take the recipient spouse's future tax bill into account when the amounts are calculated.
$4000 per month on a million-dollar home? I didn't spend $4000 in total over the entire year to heat and bring electriticy and water into this $1M+ home last year. I'm a big proponent of including the full costs of home ownership into the picture, but I'm just not spending $4000/month to keep this pile of bricks functional. (Typed as two guys dismantle an aging extension on the back of my house.)
Don't strain your Achilles muscle as you back away.
Total mortgage interest for me last year was less than $1,000. Roof was redone about four years ago and wasn't $25K (not even close). NEways, in reading this I am realizing this is ONLY applicable at the point of purchase. If you already own the home—as I do—the calculations don't work. There is no one spending 5% of a million-dollar house *that they own* in "unavoidable" costs.
&gt; Painting, while not urgent, is best done BEFORE you move in and if you do it yourself, depending on the size of the house , paint is already 3-500 dollars, hiring someone will be 1-2k+. Also, I forgot to mention items for the yard like a lawnmower and later on shovels for snow. +1. If the cost of *painting* is a serious cost deterrent, then buying should be off the table. The issue is not "how much does painting cost? How much is a snow shovel, anyways?" but being able to absorb routine housing costs into your day-to-day budget.
OP needs a larger mortgage than that though. $400,000 purchase price with $50K down = CMCH of about $11K.
&gt; But these types of measures is still nothing for rich people. Now look up how cars are taxed in S'pore. https://dollarsandsense.sg/no-nonsense-explanation-on-why-cars-in-singapore-are-so-expensive/
&gt;my wife's car loan through the deal from scotia bank had all the interest up front. Not just from Scotia; car loans are amortized just like mortgages
Right! Car loans typically have two features: - they are amortized (interest is front-loaded) - they are for a fixed amount which cannot be reduced by early repayment (My comment was meant to agree with you)
The fact that she has started to receive CPP retirement benefits complicates things. If she has received the retirement benefit for six months or less, she could cancel the benefit, repay all of the benefits she received, and apply for CPP disability (which she may or may not get). If she doesn't cancel the benefit, she may be able to convert it to a disability benefit if she is deemed, by CPP, to have been eligible for a disability benefit before she started to receive the retirement benefit. Alternately, once she's received the retirement benefit for 15 months, she may be able to contribute to and receive the CPP Post-Retirement Disability Benefit IF she continues to work. My guess is her best option is to apply for CPP disability in hopes that her retirement benefit can be converted to a disability benefit. This only applies until she turns 65.
Probably no one does? It's one of those incoherent tweets people post all the time.
(It can be hard to get this across via Reddit comments) I don't necessarily mean "keep your finances separate," but from a registered accounts perspective, you each have your own RRSP and TFSA room. IMO couples should integrate their savings ("are we saving enough as a couple to meet our goals?") while keeping actual savings (TFSA, RRSP, non-reg savings) separate (which will be the requirement anyways; you can't have a 'joint' RRSP, for example). As a related point, though, IMO it's important to understand where the savings is coming from. Is one partner "saving more" because they have more $$ to save? Is it because the other partner is shouldering more of the household expenses? You don't want to end up in a situation where one partner is saving a lot but the other is saving nothing (for example), or one partner is resentful about the other partner's spending/saving behaviour (a not-uncommon theme hereabouts!).
That's because Merchants of Green Coffee is better and cheaper without the weird paranoia
We use a FreshRoast SR500 from Merchants of Green Coffee (someone gave it to us; that model has since been discontinued) and purchase green beans in bulk, at (I think) $8/lb and no tax.
The surprises would be: - there's more than you thought. - there's less than you thought. You aren't going to inherit his debt. The ONLY circumstance in which you might be "on the hook" is if dad left you a RRIF or RRSP and the financial institution pays out the $$ when dad owes tax. If that happens, you might owe some/all of the tax bill.
^ This is bad advice. Being an executor can be very stressful, and it can also be difficult, costly, and time-consuming. Plus, you have a fiduciary duty to the estate and any other beneficiaries.
Another MD superfan here. We exist! (how did you leave out "knots")
The method is directly set out in the paragraph I quoted, from the document you linked . . .
HISA and draw on it to fund your shortfall while she's in school.
Yeppers. While 40 might be the median age of the Canadian population, it mos def is not the median age of (a) the banking consumer or (b) the segment of the banking consumer population banks care about and want to service
IRA income is not splittable https://www.canada.ca/en/revenue-agency/services/tax/individuals/topics/pension-income-splitting/eligible-pension-income.html Edit: and presumably this isn't IRA income in any case, but a lum-sum payout
In the western provinces and the NWT only. In the eastern and Maritime provinces we don't have 'homestead' provisions in provincial property law.
&gt; it’s complicated by the fact that the house is on reserve Presumably why the judge won't force the sale: they can't. (I'm not probing for an answer.)
No lender will do this.
&gt; Thanks for addressing the numbers a bit, no one else really has. I typed out three replies that I deleted. My sense is that the leash she's on (agreed to by both of you) is just too short for her to enjoy life in the way that she wants. Being in school for FIFTEEN YEARS is a long time to live on a small income. It's a lot of hard work and deprivation in the sense that her time and energy has been going other places than relatively mindless pleasure and satisfaction. You say she's starting a "very well-paying job" next week. $400/month of unplanned spending is going to literally disappear as a problem, except to the extent that you and she say it's a problem. &gt;However, her own admission is that she cannot control herself, and the amount isn't a problem. She thinks that if given more money, she would still overspend that. Neither you nor she actually know this. You could experiment with "absorbing" the "extra" $400/month and see how she feels with that level of spending.
Eh. Lots of retirees in the GTA are sitting on assets that have swelled to huge proportions of their personal balance sheets. That asset, the principal residence, can provide a tax-free cash flow that allows them to (a) retain all income-tested benefits and (b) stay in the home. I see people using reverse mortgages to pay for in-home care, for example. They aren't "on their death beds" and they aren't doing this "hastily," nor do they have "underlying financial troubles." They have huge windfall growth in an asset and they're interested in improving their standard of living by drawing on that windfall.
p.s. The term you want is "defined" benefit and "defined" contribution (not "direct").
Yeah, that is not an hour's worth of advisor time. Just confirming the numbers and formulas is an hour, never mind evaluating the pension options (what are the DC options? fees? what's the counterparty risk in the DB cases? What are the solvency ratios of the plan(s)? How many plan members, active and retired?)
&gt; Another resource might be her pension plan's administrator. The plan administrator will not provide planning advice. There are liability issues no plan will take on.
If you cash it out, the full amount is added to your taxable income for the year in which you cash it out. There are withholding taxes on the cash-out, but those count towards the final tax bill. If your marginal tax rate is 41% and all of the cashed-out amount falls within that 41% bracket, you'll pay 41% in tax on the cashed-out amount. If you transfer the amount to an RRSP, you won't get an additional tax deduction (you already got a tax deduction on the contributed amounts, OR you weren't taxed on that income in the first place). You can't count the $$, if you transfer it to your RRSP, as an HBP repayment.
It's not a contribution, it's a transfer. OP already used the RRSP contribution room for the original contributions; transferring those contributions to a different retirement account (LIRA, LRRSP, whatever) doesn't give them new deductions or use new contribution room.
A pieth of whicheth they were proudeth! OH, the HUMANITY
&gt; What I was originally thinking was bringing her down a tax bracket.. But you know that's not how tax credits work, right? The amount is never going to be larger than $750 no matter what income tax rate someone is paying. Just from a TVM perspective it makes sense to claim the amount ASAP, because the value slowly decays as the result of inflation. Getting it earlier = better.
As if that was actually a message FOR LUCY. It’s a stamp of approval FOR SHAUNA. And she can’t see it or gracefully acknowledge it. 🤮
All of the advantages of "automation" in the funds industry have been equally available to ETFs and MFs. The big "automation" advances include automated advice, enterprise data management, advanced analytics, and blockchain and similar technologies that reduce redundant layers in complex transactions. (These should be called "disruptive technologies" and not "automation," though, as you point out.) These advances streamline delivery costs, *particularly in the retail sector*. The problem that MFs face is that the value proposition is no longer compelling and relevant. If managers won't accept lower marginal fees to stay in business, and won't differentiate to retain pricing power, their funds will die. The problem isn't "automation" and the rise of advanced computing power; it's the failure of old-school asset management to adapt new business models.
11 minutes and 43 seconds, ZERO mentions of Shauna.
I ... don't believe those descriptions are accurate. I have to believe that "classes" are actually informal drop-ins. There's no way they're having that level of formal class activity that's somehow missing from their social media accounts.
&gt; Literally the first point on the site proves that my son is a resident, since his primary principal residence is in Canada. Where he currently lives is only temporary, as my wife was getting the support of her family during pregnancy. No. Your infant son does not have a "principal residence."
&gt; You might want to file with the CRA to have you as the primary caregiver (tax-wise) rather than the mother OP cannot be the primary caregiver of a child who is not in his care and custody.
Even the scrunched-up shoulder bothers me.
"The deer was local even if all of the guests were not!"
Eh, it was fun while it lasted, but he deleted his post, so it's much less fun now!
You are right, it is very, very complicated. As a general rule, IF mom is working and was working when she started her CPP retirement pension, THEN it is unlikely she will be deemed to have been eligible for the CPP disability benefit. In order to be eligible for the disability benefit, you must be (or have been) unable to work "at any job on a regular basis." One of the tests they use to determine whether someone was able to work at any job on a regular basis is whether they were, in fact, working. It is common for any type of employment to be interpreted to mean that you do not need disability benefits. The flat-rate portion of CPP disability was $485/month in 2018, and will have gone up slightly for 2019. The amount mom would receive were she deemed eligible for CPP-D will depend on how long she worked and how much she earned. My GUESS is that mom's chances are of receiving the CPP post-retirement disability benefit are greater than receiving the CPP disability benefit. However, she would only be eligible to receive the post-retirement benefit after having received the CPP retirement pension for 15 months, and only until her age 65, and thus the total number of months for which she'd be eligible is quite low (age at which she started the retirement pension + 15 months, to age 65). However, the application form for the disability benefit and the post-retirement disability benefit is the same, so she has "nothing to lose" by pursuing either benefit. Unfortunately, I don't know any of the rules for how CPP-D and EI work together. If I have time later today I will poke around a few reference sites.
I feel like it took me a long time to "get" this, but you can look at the other kids and see that their hair isn't combed flat and is often tousled. And so you might look at your own kid, if she were Lucy, and think, "she looks like they do." But there's a big, big difference between a "clean" and groomed kid with tousled hair and a kid where NOTHING is well-fitting, clean, groomed, cared-for. You might say, "oh, our family follows a wabi-sabi aesthetic!" or "we reject patriarchal grooming standards!" or any other thing you might tell yourself about why things are they way they are. But those "imperfections" – the dirt, mess, unkemptness – only "work" as an aesthetic if they're contrasted with their opposite. Otherwise there's no reflection, no "beauty" to be discovered in the mess, there's just . . . a mess.
Why would it be dead? You can manage it directly and you can buy EXACTLY the same things in other reg and non-reg accounts.
Yes! SO passive. "If only you happen to walk by and find us, and maybe look inside, maybe you will consider taking a class with us! It's a mystery why people take so long to discover us!"
?? Deleted already?
It really doesn't. The issue is not the source of the funds but the nature of your relationship with your employer. 56(1)(n) establishes that the amounts are taxable, and the employer-employee relationship establishes that the income is both pensionable and insurable. You are free to take this up with CRA as I already noted in an earlier comment.
How on EARTH does she go from: &gt;"There were some frustrations, some hard moments . . . and even a few tears" three days ago to, to yesterday, referring to the ENTIRE WEEK: &gt;"And there no meltdowns [sic], no crying. They all worked in joy"
Practically speaking, CRA does not require it. Presuming both spouses have income and RRSP room, CRA will not review or audit where the money for RRSP contributions come from. This is an example of a "technically accurate" but IRL irrelevant distinction
Due to my Science Mind I can also assure you that: - As verbs, the difference between drip and drop is that drip is to fall one drop at a time, while drop is to fall in droplets (of a liquid) - droplets is a diminutive form of drop So what she's actually saying is she cried extremely tiny tears.
Good god, yes!
This is one of the shibboleths I really wish I could get this sub to back down from
And, FTR, the same is true for determining marital status for the purposes of student loan eligibility. Different provinces use different rules to determine whether a couple are common-law partners or not. For example, in Ontario it's three years, but in BC it's 12 months before the first day of class.
In the event you're being serious, she is absolutely talking about the kids: &gt;And after lunch, we had four teams make four different fillings — blackberry-blueberry; apple-cinnamon; strawberry-rhubarb; and marionberry — for the pies. And then, in a wonderful chaos, all 15 rolled out their doughs, filled their pies, covered them, and crimped their doughs. There were some frustrations, some hard moments of being patient while waiting a turn for the rolling pins, and even a few tears when it looked like the pies wouldn’t work. **But I kept calm and solved crises** and rolled a few doughs, Shauna herself was a paragon of wisdom and calm.
Many of the responses in this thread read like some kind of strange revenge fantasy fiction.
Only if the income from the RRSP is via an annuity. Regular lump-sum withdrawals never qualify. https://www.advisor.ca/tax/tax-news/how-pension-splitting-works/ Edit: If you clicked on "eligible pension income" in the CRA link you provided, you would see this for yourself https://www.canada.ca/en/revenue-agency/services/tax/individuals/topics/pension-income-splitting/eligible-pension-income.html#qualify
You said RRSP, not RRIF; the RRSP and the RRIF are different and the rules for income-splitting are different.
One of the very biggest problems SMA has created for herself is the new requirement to be "healed." If she's truly discovered "Enough" such that her dumb book is intended to be a guide for others, she has to maintain the facade that her life is going well
It would be unusual for a "layperson," not working in childcare, to know all that stuff! I don't think your friend is using the word "nanny" incorrectly; she's just using it informally to describe an individual providing child care
As a general rule, if you use trusts to minimize taxes on death; you normally increase taxes payable when alive. And if you're just going to pay the taxes while alive, there are easier ways to do that than by using trusts
Six weeks until the first earnings report from Breville after the CS acquisition is public.
Such as this insane case: https://www.reddit.com/r/PersonalFinanceCanada/comments/a0wzhn/crazy_life_insurance_case_hits_supreme_court_of/
Whew. Good find! OK, so CS is a CONTENT COMPANY. Good to know! I also see the "1M strong community" is (and can only be) a reference to their Youtube subscribers.
MINTY!
Normally the interest begins to be charged immediately, but is capitalized (added to the loan balance, not requiring a monthly payment)
Such delicious New Year's treats for me. Thank you!
They would also have to convince same judge that dad was defrauded, vs. just making "bad decisions" or decisions the heirs don't like. It is, for all intents and purposes, not possible to establish mental competency (or lack thereof) when someone is deceased.
Can you IMAGINE another "content company" trying to induce subscriptions in the same way? Think of newspapers, as an example. They know that moving to only paid content would be nothing but a seppuku move.
Who the fuck is going to come to her Fierce Women of Vashon event?
Grant's instagram shows that Grant, too, brings food home from the Staph Kitchen.
Oh, of course he did. But in her telling, Dad was unwilling or unable to effect any change, which is why many snarkers say he, in many respects, should get the brunt of her outrage. Instead, she's getting the brunt of his.
Yes, and can you imagine getting up on a stage with Shauna as she asks, in front of the assembled audience, "so how did your cancer diagnosis and divorce make you feel that you weren't ENOUGH?"
it took me too too long to get this
She said in the book that Lucy had UARS (upper airway resistance syndrome). NOT unusual for a kid with cranial issues, but if her UARS was relatively severe – and of course the book suggests Lucy was direly ill, etc. – then she wouldn't "grow out of it" with no further treatment, and we would almost certainly be hearing about the medical and other interventions used on Lucy today to keep her airway open while sleeping (palate shapers, CPAP machine, etc.), as well as those used on her then (commonly stimulants such as caffeine, for example). (Interestingly, she goes on to describe Lucy as "never sleeping" in the first years of life, but this is passed off as Lucy being a "bad sleeper" versus a medical condition.) I think Lucy had the relatively common apnea of prematurity – my cranio kid had this too – which passed as her neurological system matured, like it does by definition if that's what it is. Of course she was monitored in the NICU because that's where kids who require monitoring who are in a hospital setting go, and the hospital would have been checking whether she had RDS (respiratory distress syndrome) or some other condition. And I think Lucy probably still has UARS to some degree, but now that is never, ever mentioned and there are no interventions, not even braces, that might help (to reshape her airway). And I mean, who cares? A sick tiny baby is frightening no matter what the condition is. It's just that she describes Lucy's condition in infancy in such hyperbolic terms when the details just don't add up. Just like Lucy's "gluten sensitivity" and of course Shauna's as well. I think many times outsiders have tried to help Shauna understand things and put them in an empowering context for her ("your baby has a medical condition that may seem very scary, but we expect it will resolve naturally over time and we will monitor her just in case" or "you have had a minor stroke, but we know in most cases like yours simple lifestyle changes can help reduce the impacts and the risk of recurrence") but she is determined to live in a dramatic miasma that obscures all the details and facts, while keeping her unmoderated emotional responses in the forefront. (And then she can brag about how well she's "coping.")
If he has a spouse who is younger, he can contribute to a spousal RRSP using his severance and his RRSP room.
Well, as the child of a university professor dad and an English teacher mom who went to three different high schools with very different educational systems in the 1980s because – *get this* – we moved, including for my dad to do a sabbatical – I am going to say the idea that somehow the professor dad and the teacher mom couldn't work out how to ensure their high-school-aged child could attend some kind of education during a year abroad is *utterly ludicrous.* Of course it's Shauna's Isle of Misfit Toys persona and family, so anything's possible. But the idea that it would have been *impossible* is beyond the pale.
Cut it out. You've already been banned once and you agreed to refrain from insulting other users, and yet here you are doing it again. If you can't 1. follow the subreddit rules and 2. abide by YOUR OWN WORD, you will be re-banned with no recourse.
She isn't vague in the book, though! She gives a specific diagnosis.
I was in Morocco one Eid al Fitr and listened as the sound of lambs all around me gradually . . . diminished.
They are clearly still struggling to define who their core intended audience is. It can't just be "all people" or "people who like to cook" or whatever; that is far too undifferentiated. If they want to be a high-end, luxury brand, they need to "write from the mountaintop." That looks VERY different from "we all grinded last week amirite and we need to chillax naow."
I did that! I have wetsacks from our local outdoors chain that are just used for reusable rags and cloths (and cloth napkins)
&gt; For example, I work as a server and last year made $11,000 net income. At that point my return was $1100. When I applied my tips (which you do in a separate section as a server) I noticed it went up to $1200. You don't get taxed on your tips until you report them, so if anything it should have gone down not up. In any case I'm wondering if anyone knows how this system works The CWB is not a tax; it is the opposite of a tax – it is a refundable tax credit. Hopefully my earlier comment will make this clear, but every dollar of working income you have up to a certain point, the income threshold, will *increase* the CWB. Then, if you have income above that threshold, the CWB will be decreased. At a certain point no CWB will be payable at all. The CWB is designed to benefit low-income earners who work. As a result, more income (up to the threshold) means more benefit; and income above a "low-income" threshold reduces the benefit.
I made that comment, and I'll own it. I am very clear my reactions are based on both years of reading Shauna AND my own history as the ex-spouse of an alcoholic, but I genuinely worry that Shauna's super-high-control parenting (and spousing?) style, combined with Dan's seeming inability to get much done at all if left to his own ends, means that she really is leaving the rest of the family to "fend for themselves" when she's not there. For example, there's no glutenly stuff in that pantry although S is the only one who cannot eat gluten. Of course the whole family might commit to eating gluten-free in recognition of S's needs and preferences, but I think it's evidence of how she controls the whole household (and she's perfectly content to eat in gluteny pizzarias and other restos, so the mere presence of flour in, say, a breakfast cereal, bag of crackers, package of pasta or loaf of bread would pose no harm in her kitchen). She's isolated her little family in a place where only she has roots and where the opportunities for Dan to work are limited, and now she's arranged it so that Dan isn't working and earning any money at all, although both of the kids are now school-age. We can see that Dan isn't "getting up to much" during his hours alone, what with the unhung artwork and random boxes laying around and taking FOUR MONTHS to organize a basic element of the household, especially for those who "live in food." I actually think the whole thing is a bad setup: S the only one earning money, Dan left to his own devices with tons of unstructured time, S the one apparently controlling what comes into the household (does Dan even go grocery shopping during the week? why is there so little food in that pantry?). I "leave my own husband and children to fend for themselves" all the time, and never think about it in that way/phrasing. Because they can feed themselves, get groceries, feed the cats and keep the household going with no input from me, and I'm not trying to control, with my 20-mile screwdriver, what happens in the house from afar.
Here is the full list of "disability" benefits you might be entitled to in Canada: 1. Private, individual disabilty insurance you purchase for yourself. You didn't mention this, so I assume you don't have it. 2. Group disability insurance provided by an employer as an employee benefit (usually you would pay the premiums). Many jobs have both short-term disability benefits and long-term disability benefits. Again, you didn't mention and I will assume you do not have this. 3. EI Sickness benefits, available for a limited time if you become sick while working and have accumulated sufficient hours. 4. Provincial disability benefits. We don't know your province, so I can't comment. Each province has a disability benefit program. Provincial disability programs will require that you qualify according to their program standards and periodically requalify. You can use this "benefits finder" calculator to find out more for your province of residence: https://srv138.services.gc.ca/daf/q?id=1f35184f-c7ba-4e83-a9df-adc172654bdd&amp;GoCTemplateCulture=en-CA 5. Canada Pension Plan disability benefits, available if you've worked a sufficient amount of time and contributed to the CPP. The CPP disability benefit is only available if you have a disability that is both prolonged (not expected to improve, likely to lead to your death) and severe (such that you are not able to work in any meaningful way). Note that provincial disability benefits are integrated with the CPP disability benefit, so that if you get one, you effectively will not get any additional money from the other. In addition to these benefits, there are general welfare programs available to people who are not working. There is no "going to court" to "win access" to disability programs in Canada, except if you were to lauch a civil suit against one of these providers and even then, it is extremely unlikely a suit would reach the court phase. Your "best" shot will be the provincial disability program in your province of residence. CPP Disability is *extremely* difficult to qualify for and would be clawed back from provincial benefits in any case.
Just adding on to this: I think it's probably unwise for Dan to not work. I really suspect he needs, in a very real way, the structure that paid work provides.
I think either of the possibilites my mind goes to are not great. One, he's either really struggling with executive function and "taking a break" from work seemed appealing. (Or possibly, I guess, he/they have fucked up their social relationships so much that he's no longer hireable.) Or two, she really didn't "permit" it. I don't see Dan ever "putting his foot down" with Shauna or really exerting much influence in the household at all. If Shauna decided it would be "best" for the household to have an adult, albeit Dan, at home to serve her needs and the kids', then Dan might have figured it was just easier, all around, to give her what she wants. There was no particular "plan" for him to do anything. I think he probably needs independent social contact and I realize I'm writing about him as though he's some kind of non-functioning adult or whatever BUT I still have those thoughts. Dan doesn't even seem to have hobbies or even interests.
It was a real fucking lightbulb moment for me to realize as an adult that routine helps with my low-level depression, when my whole "shtick" is "no one can make me do anything (not even me)."
Yeah, I'm really hoping my own kids have a lot of different (pleasurable!) sexual experiences so they can figure out that sexual compatability, on its own, isn't really sufficient for a long-term relationship . . . and also that a relationship without sexual compatability is likely not going to work, either.
Yeah, *in the 1950s.* "Engine knock" or "ping" is what she's describing, and it was mostly due to low-octane fuel mixtures (and based on how cars were designed at the time). "High-octane" gas prevents knocking, which could also be caused, I guess, by a very poorly maintained, older car. Depending on how old you are, you might remember Esso's "Put a Tiger in your Tank" campaign, which boasted about the higher octane (knock-reducing) mixtures used by Esso. Gas additives were also the subject of a lot of advertising in the 1950s and '60s, here is another one: https://www.youtube.com/watch?time_continue=62&amp;v=h0zjoPVL__Q&amp;feature=emb_logo Since about the mid-1970s, due to changes in gas composition (think new EPA standards), plus changes in car design a bit later, at the start of the 1980s (fuel injection, not sparkplugs) "engine knock" isn't really a thing anyone would hear about or know anything about. Once again, a cultural reference from another time.
ESPECIALLY for the former child who would make pilgrimages to buy and then eat "pickle chips" in front of the childhood house of Charles Dickens!
mortgage, not HELOC
Well, who knows, really!
This is . . . . a terrible, terrible idea.
120,409 on the Amazon sales rank right now. According to this calculator, that's 40 books sold per month. https://www.tckpublishing.com/amazon-book-sales-calculator/
Whoops. Skipped the "me" part as apparently I thought it wasn't germane. I have to say, reading post after post here from people over the age of 18 who are reporting on their "family" income that includes mom, dad and even siblings is . . . kind of freaky.
&gt;so if people add a suite in their house, they could lose a big chunk of their PRE?? I feel like a lot of people don’t know this. Yes, and I agree.
&gt;Are there any fee-only advisors who manage trading and provide advice for an hourly rate? There are not.
You seem, in my read of your comment, to be suggesting that "if you have sex, but keep your finances separate, you can potentially argue you aren't in a conjugal relationship, because having sex is not a defining factor of conjugality." This is not accurate. The federal government uses a list of factors to determine, as a matter of fact, whether two people are in a conjugal relationship. Here they are: https://www.canada.ca/en/immigration-refugees-citizenship/corporate/publications-manuals/operational-bulletins-manuals/permanent-residence/non-economic-classes/family-class-determining-spouse/assessing-conjugal.html
"Ralph wept for the end of innocence, the darkness of man's heart, and the fall through the air of the true, wise friend called Piggy.”
Everybody: stop low-key trolling for clients here.
I didn't express that very well. I think I should have added, "and how to recognize when a fight is over."
I would ordinarily agree 100% with this! But by chance I actually read the NYTimes "What to Cook This Week" email I got yesterday, with the following text: &gt;There are thousands of other recipes you might cook this week on NYT Cooking. Go browse around as if you were looking for cardigans at Eileen Fisher, and see what intrigues. Yes, to answer those few of you I haven’t spoken to about this in the past, you need a subscription to do that. Subscriptions support our work and allow it to continue. Thank you for yours. &gt;We are on social media when we’re not in your inbox. Find us on Facebook, on Instagram, on Twitter. And do visit us on YouTube, where we do a lot of good work. &gt;Please write for help if you get jammed up with your cooking or our technology. We’re at cookingcare@nytimes.com. We will get back to you. (If you’d like to escalate matters, you can reach me at foodeditor@nytimes.com. I will do my best to get back to you.) Which, to me, is surprisingly like the CS vocab.
I award you one tampon marshmellow for this epistle of beauty.
"Is that Grant's mom?"
I have a lot of older cookbooks (such as the TimeLife "Good Cook" series) that discuss making gelatin from calves' hooves. My mom did this, because she was raised on a farm and her dad was a federal meat inspector (and we also ate a lot of things that I never, ever see in the grocery store now, like tongue). But when Jell-O hit the scene (1970s for us?) that's what we used.
Presumably because they don't have new ones. "Who knows what 2020 will bring?"
Either she's reading here and adjusting, or someone else is reading here and adjusting. Can you imagine having a staff member, as a Head Writer, whose writing is so terrible a bunch of strangers gather to critique it? And then realizing that it's her *personality* and *behaviour* they're really snarking?
All I can think of is Kent calling Dan a "frost otter" in the last season of Veep
Yes! But would he TYPE IT in a stupid written out recipe?!
She's assumed a new form as Buddhist Geopolitical Shauna.
&gt; What about those of us who learn a trade? Surely Danny's however many years of cooking school should have also included mandatory, vivid, history classes.
I might edit that as: &gt;Some of you may know this already, but the phrase "yes, and" is the 'only answer' of improv comedy. Less tiresomely, I might suggest: &gt;"The first rule of improv comedy is that "yes, and" is the only correct answer to whatever is proposed on stage. I mean, the phrase "some of you may know this already" is pretty tedious. What does it really add? You could put it before every sentence and it would deliver exactly the same benefit, which is none.
http://writingmyheartout.blogspot.com/2004/02/yesterday-morning-i-was-miserable.html?m=1
I think it's entirely possible that Ma James was, to some extent, constrained to the house by Pa James, and not actually "agoraphobic."
No no, she's selling 40 books a month on Amazon. That's gotta give them . . . maybe a hundred bucks a month or so
And there's a noticeable absence of "look at my ferry ride on my way to my JOB" and "I work at the bestest place" posts recently.
I don't think she's policing whether he drinks. I think she is so narcissistic that the very thought of someone else getting some attention makes her crazy. If fun is to be had on Vashon, she's going to be there. And if she's not there, there's no searching for fun or attention allowed Edit: and more generally, I really think she doesn't want him to have a social identity that is separate from her. I mean, "Gluten-Free Girl and the Chef" – he's an afterthought or appendage to her brand.
The useful comments on this post ended hours ago, time to move on
Yes. Could just be me, but I felt that the caption "on my way to work" was more downbeat than she's been about her work situation previously. Compare and contrast with the previous work posts, which work in "I feel lucky" and "this place allows me to express my qUiRKy PaSsIoNs" for ex. However, I'm probably overreaching
FWIW, I don't personally think she's been fired! However, I suspect, as you do, that the bloom is off the rose both for her and for CS
Has she ... seen her skin?
I lived in India for a while where "bitter" and "sour" are prized tastes and I *really* crave bitter things now. It can be hard to get bitter foods in North America!
Only commenting because no one else has raised this point yet: you didn't pay CPP or EI premiums on that income in excess of $200K. Either the deal wasn't "huge," so you didn't earn very much; or the deal was "huge" and your CPP and EI premiums were long ago covered by your other earnings.
The PRE is binary; either you get it, or you don't. If you use your PR to generate income in a way that is not "incidental" to the function of a house as a PR, you will lose the exemption. Renting out 70% is not an "incidental" use of the house
You don't operate at arm's length from your parents, and unless the house is divided into two legal units (I don't mean "legal" in the sense of "conforms with municipal bylaws; I mean "these are two separate housing units") it isn't really possible to buy "part" of a housing unit. This means you'd fall afoul of the attribution rules, creating, in this case, tax problems for both you and your parents. What you should do, if you want to do this, is buy the entire house. Yes, this means that your siblings would not have access to theoretical future potential appreciation.
Yep, that's going to induce me to type out more commentary.
Yikes. The milia I've had removed were by a doc using a scalpel. I'm not DIYing that!
It shows what she cares about. Terrible writing, filled with typos, for her actual paying job? Fuck that. Ensuring her *tweets* are semi-accurate? On that like a hawk.
No, the Neverending discussion is this one.
Related persons do not deal with each other at arm's length. The Income Tax Act sets special rules which determine the cost base and the proceeds of disposition for non-arm's-length transactions. Stop recommending non-FMV transactions in this case.
Very possible. Parents could also be on title; it's not clear that they are not. The main point is that OP is not on title and cannot be understood to be "paying the mortgage." Edit: I assumed parents on mortgage because it seems clear from the OP that neither OP nor his fiance are paying the full freight of the mortgage. Actually I can't figure any of this out. The mortgage is "with" the parents, so apparently they are the mortgagees. Where did the rest of the money come from? Did the fiance have a 50% downpayment?
Because small amounts don't really "enrich"
This is amazing. I'm so comforted. I feel seen and blessed.
Twinsies, kind of! I'm updating a textbook and need to check every single factual assertion to confirm whether it's changed since the last edition. Fun, fun, fun!
It also has the hallmark of being both precise and vague. Two weeks from this evening [evening is from . . . 6 p.m. to midnight? until "bedtime"?] something will be "only an hour away from starting" Is it starting at 1 a.m.?
Aka “Texas wine?”
In the discussion of the tiny snippet of her work (just an Instagram caption) that I rewrote earlier this week I was going to come back and comment that "editing" is v v different from "rewriting." I tell editing clients this all the time: "If it's bad, I can't make it good; I can only make it less bad."
One time moths hatched in my rice and I didn’t notice until I brought the jar out into the light and could see them wriggling towards the light. Said to my teenager, “look at my new larva lamp” 😹
Wow, she's really not holding back on spending on herself, what with yet another new pair of glasses
&gt; Yes and Perfection
And how can you TASTE whether something is "crisp"?
Once again, she's mastered the mind-body split. "I found breadcrumbs in my teeth" reads as though her teeth are not part of her body.
Actually, I'm still kind of irked about this. How does she know there won't be other medical expenses throughout the year that would use up her HSA allocation? Will someone go without because Shauna needed to up her glasses wardrobe? What about LUCY'S glasses, for ex?
Sounds like a SMEPP (Specified Multi-Employer Pension Plan) target benefit plan, which is viewed as a DC plan for accounting and tax purposes. This would mean: - transfer of the CV to another DC plan is permitted - there is no plan solvency requirement From the member’s perspective, a target benefit plan has all of the features of a DB plan, except that it is contingent on the plan’s success. From the employer’s perspective, the plan functions like a DC plan, with no obligation to fund deficits or beyond the fixed agreed-upon contributions.
You may be able to if it is a MEPP.
Having read through all of the comments, it seems like this is a problem that can be solved with money. If you rent out the unit, you will have: - rental costs - loss of the Principal Residence Exemption on your unit - (plus risk, which isn't really a "cost," but you risk having costly repairs/maintenance) It seems to me that you can either invest in soundproofing solutions that work (either mandated by the condo corp to comply with applicable laws, or modications you take on and pay for yourself); or you can move out, not deal with the soundproofing in the unit, and have increased costs and risk. Soundproofing the unit is actually an investment in the unit, as presumably every single other potential occupant of that unit would face the same issue. Soundproofing it will increase (or at least maintain) the resale value while increasing your enjoyment of the unit.
Thinking about u/cerebrovascularwax's comment that SMA may have IBS, vs. celiac: it's such an interesting distinction. If she has IBS, then (as far as I understand) the treatment is mostly symptom management, i.e., getting enough sleep, exercise, and fluids and avoiding trigger foods. That is, the management is really a personal responsibility for maintaining your health. If she has celiac, in contrast, in her view it is *everyone else's problem* to manage her condition: restaurants (and family members and airports etc.) must provide "gluten-free options" to "feed her safely." If she eats [a trigger food], then *someone else put it there* and it's their fault, not hers.
&gt;even if it is renting out and finding a cheaper rental for myself It would have to be significantly cheaper. In addition to having to pay the mortgage on the place you would still own, you would lose the tax-free compounding on that property as well
Oh, FLONK . . . (p.s. the cucumber also needs a condom)
Do you think that telling people to use the search function is a workaround from telling them to Google? It isn't. If you don't want to answer; don't. Just move on. This is your second warning.
Snow really features in both of them? Even the weather conspires to do Shauna wrong
https://www.reddit.com/r/blogsnark/comments/eo3uy6/shauna_m_ahern_formerly_known_as_gluten_free_girl/
There's nowhere for you to report it on your tax return; it isn't "income" or a capital gain or anything of the kind.
Yes! "Definitive answer" but clouded by terms like "fairly high tax bracket" and "typical middle class retirement." I GUARANTEE no actual math was used to reach these conclusions
Ah yes, the coercive "we."
I think people who are genuinely kind really don't post about "mean" stuff they see or encounter at all. Why would they?
Look how beautifully written and laid out the Breville posts are. Clean, easy to read and follow. Little snippets of text under each picture that clearly describe what each post is about. Super clear, crisp direction in the recipes with a minimum of "extra" content and no condescending asides. Articles profiling a wide variety of chefs with attractive, engaging photographs. Website navigation that is very easy to follow, intuitive, and effective. I could go on.
(she)
I can't read everything, so I REALLY rely on the "report" button.
For most people, if they wait to start investing until they are mortgage-free, *they will have started investing waaaay toooo late.* Investing while you have (mortgage or other) debt is not "leveraged investing." Leverage is borrowing to invest, *just like your mortgage.*
Just a note, in case you are not aware: the reverse mortgage will require repayment once neither homeowner is living in the property. There is usually a fairly long grace period, however, which will differ by issuer
Each one has a temperature reference. S P O O K Y
This isn't a personal finance discussion . . . let's move on.
Advisor: - expresses concern about apparent "bond liquidity crisis" - puts mom and dad into two forms of Principal Protected Notes
It's "whinjing" in my family (with the "h" pronounced), but I had to say it to the cat a few times to check
Or, find a way to leave the conversation gracefully. "Showing them data" is likely not actually going to change their tack Honestly, I feel like 80% of the conversations here about "how to leave my advisor" are really just posts about "how do I maneouvre through this potentially awkward conversation / social situation"
I . . . was an advisor in 2008, I had this conversation many, many times. I would not have retained a client who was "adamant" about taking a position I advised against
I do SO eat vegetables so TAKE THAT.
And they are virtually indestructible. (I got one super cheap when someone I know moved to Sweden!!)
Back in the day, only PhDs or people on the PhD track taught university-level courses. I guarantee this person doesn't have a PhD. There are two things happening: more and more, courses are taught by part-time faculty members, and more and more of those part-time faculty members do not have PhDs and are not on the way to earning them.
I'm doing the rounds of all the Scandinavian crime shows, so there is no danger of me picking up any new vocab words (currently watching Bordertown, which is Finnish, and Finnish seems totally incomprehensible to me)
c'etait moi!
For me, the lazy repetition of "it's great" in close succession was a tell, as was the ineffably prissy "I do believe" – slow your roll, Grant honey, no one is challenging on you on this. **I do admit** I am both horrified and intrigued at the idea that Grant et al. discuss their plans to "do a frenzy" on some unsuspecting vegetable. Does ChefSteps really have an internal Nadsat like this? **Notes from Grant: A Clockwork ~~Orange~~ Celery Root** There was me, that is Grant, and my two droogs, that is Kyl and Matthew, and we sat in the Pike Place Milkbar trying to make up our rassoodocks what to do with the evening, a flip dark chill winter bastard though dry. The Pike Place Milkbar was a milk-plus mesto, and you may, O my brothers, have forgotten what these mestos were like, things changing so skorry these days, and everybody very quick to forget, ChefSteps newsletters not being read much neither. Suddenly, I viddied what we had to do, and it was a real horrorshow, a show of horrors: we had to do a frenzie against a vegetable.
&gt; other professors should have called this out via a whistleblower reporting process I guarantee the "other professors," the vast majority of whom are likely to be short-term contract staff like this guy (i.e., they are on campus for a few hours per week at best) have no idea what this guy is doing, have never been presented with the opportunity to "review" what another lecturer is doing, and have NO interest in fraying their already-tenuous working relationships by "reporting" on what's happening in another classroom
&gt; Faculty are retiring Faculty are NOT retiring; this is a huge part of the issue. With the end of mandatory retirement came the end of retirement before 71. https://www.theglobeandmail.com/news/national/ontarios-professors-are-retiring-later-putting-pressure-on-schools-budgets-study/article38216035/ (Edit: apologies, this is all Ontario-specific)
The problem is at the death of the second spouse. There are more widows with $1M in registered accounts than you might imagine.
I'm also struck by the comment that "we will be making other foods that interest us." What about the foods that interest your customers? The continual positioning of "we do what we want" seems risky to me.
And, as far as we can tell (and she tells us everything!) she doesn't actually have any LBGTQIA+ in her life.
The 'professor' in this post would have been belled at Schulich.
it IS both! As I have been saying consisitently in my comments on this issue! :)
I am 100% certain she's just writing about herself there. She constantly exhorts "us" to eat vegetables. Also, I think this sentence is wrong, in the context of "eating more vegetables": &gt;It’s too easy to focus on the grains and starches and skip the greens and beans. I think she means greens and *legumes.* She segues into "green beans" later on.
"Horrified" has transmogrified into "merely unexpected"
That is a lot of food, and I note the vegetables are *wrapped in meat.*
If you can convince a lender that a DO program is similar to an MD program, you may be eligible to borrow up to $325K through a line of credit. If TD is telling you how to be eligible for their product, however, then you have an option there.
The "starter home vs. forever home" "debate" is predicated on ONE variable: housing price appreciation. A "starter home" (or condo) ONLY makes sense in the scenario you've laid out if both the "starter home" and the "forever home" appreciate in price (a) significantly enough (b) over a sufficiently short timeframe that buying the "starter home" allows you to build the equity required to get you into the "forever home." And even then, the scenario ONLY works if the potential equity on the "starter home" purchase is REQUIRED to get you into the "forever home" – that is, only if you "can't afford" to buy the "forever home" today, and need to grow your downpayment through starter home price appreciation. If you can afford the "forever home" today, then there is no reason not to buy it today. Housing price appreciation is lumpy, but if you think houses are going to continue to appreciate and you can afford the "forever home" today, there is NO LOGIC to the idea that you should buy a "starter home" for the appreciation while forgoing the "forever home" which, presumably, you also think is going to continue to appreciate.
They are not. DOs have the full scope of practice that MDs have. https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Doctor_of_Osteopathic_Medicine
The banks don't share information; they are prohibited from doing so.
There is a strain of "if you have a mortgage, the BaNk oWnS yOuR HoUsE" which is, um, low-information posters.
Oh sure, I was just using an example. They could even be investing *in themselves* by going back to school!
Oh lol, mothers in law are a different thing!!!
Um, I love Tootsie Rolls! Neither of my kids do, so I get to eat theirs every Hallowe'en
Thread removed and locked; poster banned
She's an idiot. Her answer makes *some* sense IF you are incorporated (are you?) and even so, you are a personal services business, not an "illegal" business. IF you were a PSB, there are restrictions on the deductions you can claim. Your business isn't "illegal" though. Honestly.
Presumably the side hustle is issuing a T4A with Box 28 filled in.
She also opens with a description of the "terrible" crackers as "sawdust with nutritional yeast" AND THEN goes on to describe Matthew's crackers as containing nutritional yeast. "We have tasted disgusting crackers in the past, and look – we decided to come up with a recipe for disgusting crackers for you, too"
CRA going to have to be super-optimistic about the future of the market in Fort Mac in this plan, too
t-shits, indeed
I'm agreeing with you. The whole scenario is implausible at best
https://imgur.com/SFvZ4C5
One of Shauna's most enduring foibles is that (a) she thinks she knows a lot and (b) she thinks she knows more than everyone about everything she writes about. Hence we get ludicrous descriptions like this (a "Chef" who is clearly a line cook) and condescending asides ("You might already know this [and obviously I already do because I know everything]")
I think you're getting downvoted because you have omitted the very crucial "can" in your post. They *can* opt into EI. Your wording suggests otherwise
I'll say this year what I said last year about this survey: I don't believe it. First, the survey didn't ask Canadians if they were "on the verge of insolvency," because the average Canadian doesn't know what that means. Secondly, the term "insolvency" has a particular meaning in the bankruptcy and insolvency worlds, and I personally think MNP is trading on the lack of general knowledge about what "insolvency" means in using the term "insolvency" in the way that they are. *Technically,* "insolvency" means you are unable to pay your bills as they come due. But the determination of "insolvency" in a bankrupcty context is quite different from the technical definition. For example, if you have assets that exceed the required payments on your loans, *you are not insolvent* in terms of the definition of "insolvency" for Canadian bankrutpcy law. MNP is, IMO, playing on the lack of knowledge about what "insolvency" means to create a catchy headline. But no, 50% of Canadians are not "on the verge of insolvency." This is b.a.n.a.n.a.s
&gt; Claims it's hard to make friends on a rural island. There's more truth in that statement than she realizes, but I really think she should consider whether this universal claim is really mostly applicable to her
Apparently this podcaster lives right on Vashon. Why the fuck they would do this as a "phone interview" is beyond me. I'm sure that Busy Busy Shauna's schedule didn't permit her to hit up the podcast in person, even as she's elaborating about how her "new life" allows her to go outside once in a while and "be off Instagram"
There's a local on Gomi who used to provide tidbits of how Shauna interacted at those local events (like soccer practice): ALWAYS late, ALWAYS super-unkempt (kids and adults), NEVER bringing snack.
&gt; And this makes me understand that these events are part self-promotion and partly the only way Shauna can force others to interact with her. Maybe this is the extent of her social life, an "event" where she can talk about things that most people talk with friends and family about (but without having to wait her turn and listen to the other person talk). Oof. What a thought!!
In the OP, it says &gt;This condo will be a rental property This would only be OP's principal residence, not mom and dad's.
Yes, as I said.
Wow! It is REALLY different.
Yes, it is "splattered throughout her book," according to her. https://twitter.com/glutenfreegirl/status/1166526473915650048?s=20
So how could there be "300 women" coming to the event?! Is "300" the fire limit or something?
Yep!
"active" trading and "day trading" are the same thing in the eyes of the CRA. Here are the factors CRA uses: &gt;11. Some of the factors to be considered in ascertaining whether the taxpayer's course of conduct indicates the carrying on of a business are as follows: &gt;(a) frequency of transactions - a history of extensive buying and selling of securities or of a quick turnover of properties, &gt;(b) period of ownership - securities are usually owned only for a short period of time, &gt;(c) knowledge of securities markets - the taxpayer has some knowledge of or experience in the securities markets, &gt;(d) security transactions form a part of a taxpayer's ordinary business, &gt;(e) time spent - a substantial part of the taxpayer's time is spent studying the securities markets and investigating potential purchases, &gt;(f) financing - security purchases are financed primarily on margin or by some other form of debt, &gt;(g) advertising - the taxpayer has advertised or otherwise made it known that he is willing to purchase securities, and &gt;(h) in the case of shares, their nature - normally speculative in nature or of a non-dividend type. See this CRA interpretation bulletin:https://www.canada.ca/en/revenue-agency/services/forms-publications/publications/it479r/archived-transactions-securities.html
I think this kind of behaviour is a HUGE part of why she remained a virgin until her mid-30s despite her wishes, and why who she ended up with was a chronic alcoholic. I suspect actual potential partners (not her teenage students) were able to quickly decide to steer clear.
Jamie already knows about this issue; tax practitioners have been dealing with these letters to clients for years. See for example https://www.investmentexecutive.com/inside-track_/jamie-golombek/day-trading-in-a-tfsa-or-rrsp/
&gt; Having to sell my work exhausts me, plugs up my ideas, and makes me feel small sometimes. What bugs me about this is that she is SO HAPPY to ride on the coat-tails of others; to be on other peoples' podcasts and to work at a job that's based (gasp) on selling things; but when it comes to drumming up whatever is required to promote her own shit, she's all "I'm too special to do this."
Yes.
The Vashon Center for the Arts' website has this Friday's event listed as going from 5:30 to 7 p.m., and also as a show starting at 7:30 p.m. You can suss out what's happening, but as always with Shauna events language is used to confuse despite her proclamation of "how can I use my words to be as clear as possible"
To me this story is really about how "cops, nurses and teachers" have become the high-income earners. I mean, it's been that way for a while, and this isn't "news," but to me that's the actual underlying theme of the article.
I went back and checked before I posted. After the part you quoted, she goes on to say: &gt;sometimes I will write about something that infuriates me, something makes me say ENOUGH. . . That will be one love letter a week. &gt;we are focusing now on simple, vegetable and fruit-driven foods that our kids will eat and we enjoy too. One love letter a week will be sharing some of what we have been making. &gt;And more than anything, I love the community that can happen around a shared space like this. . . . One love letter a week will be an involved conversation in this place. I read this as, "there will be three love letters per week and here are the topics; the only part I'm dumping is the 'plus recipes.'" Re-reading it, I guess she's saying that there will be one love letter per week with a rotating topic BUT IT IS ABSOLUTELY NOT CLEAR THAT THIS IS WHAT SHE WAS PROMISING PAID CUSTOMERS.
This is wrong.
To be even more precise, it only requires that you buy a qualifying home *that you intend to occupy.* Sometimes, for whatever reason, people don't occupy the qualifying home. However, that doesn't require the HBP participant to cancel their participation. You only have to cancel *if you don't buy/build the qualifying home.* See https://www.canada.ca/en/revenue-agency/services/tax/individuals/topics/rrsps-related-plans/what-home-buyers-plan/cancel-participation-home-buyers-plan.html
My sauerkraut is also doing this RIGHT NOW
The next earnings report is due out on February 12, covering the period from the end of June until the end of December. It may not tell us much (or anything) though
Even 200 subscribers wouldn't cover their rent if she loses the CS job.
Yes. Specialized education in your desired field of study (whether geology or aerospace or whatever) + additional educational qualifications (whether PEng or MBA or CFA) + luck (which is required in any case). Candidates with specialized education will have a competitive advantage over candidates who have only studied "business."
Dad won't even be in the same room with her at this point; what are the chances he's going to open his chequebook (&lt;-- Canadian) yet again?
OMG they have "key-holder" events. When Shauna first posted about "Viking keys" I had an extended freakout here because my spouse is (a) Icelandic and (b) a long-time historical re-enacter (well, until we had kids) and everything that group is writing about Viking keys is *total bullshit.* I'll see if I can find my rant
I can't find it. The short version is that the actual evidence for grave keys as symbols of exclusively womens' power is pretty weak. There aren't that many of these things in the archeological record to begin with; a significant fraction of them were found in mens' graves; so the idea that grave keys = power reserved to women is pretty suspect. It's a "nice story" though
&gt; I don't see why they wouldn't just pay an equivalent lump sum to the son. Because children aren't spouses and, for better or worse, pensions treat spouses and other beneficiaries very differently (largely due to family law provisions that set out the entitlements of spouses after death).
Presumably it's the sous-vide sauces they "weren't sure" were part of the Breville acquisition or not until months after the fact
Exposes all that investment income to tax, though.
Well, they can reverse mortgage the equity out.
&gt; Lost my verification LITERALLY NO ONE CARES
Important caveat: this is for investment [management] fees, NOT for planning fees.
"I was mystified that people don't know how to cook beans" Doesn't pick up to provide "and here are the amazing bean recipes we've created for you" Instead pivots to dry ice, siphons, and a whole microwaved fish
Also note that apparently the "Joule app," and not the Joule itself, does the cooking here
I watch everything he posts AND I describe it all in immense detail to my husband
You've been warned multiple times to back off on the hostility in your comments; I'm tired of having to moderate your activity here. Find someplace else to hang out.
EXCEPT, if true, financial advisor was not skilled enough to communicate this strategy to OP in a way that didn't leave OP with questions, that they then took to Reddit.
^ This, almost 100%. Investment products have become the commodity. Advice is where the value is. In aggregate, the financial services industry has A LONG WAY to go before it can be relied on as a source of competent, professional advice.
It was hella fucking confusing. The Vashon Center for the Arts listed this as two separate events. Possibly one of them was free (the craft thing), followed by Shauna's event for $20.20. One possibility is that after the craft thing, people just . . . went home.
ChefSteps Facebook: make our 'ultimate' Peking Duck for Lunar New Year! Opening sentence of accompanying video: "This is going to take you five days"
They do not. The two-week waiting period is never paid by EI
They also note in the opening to the video that this is a recipe "you can make at home." Then goes on to specify the equipment required, including . . . an air compressor
Well the alternative scenario is your mechanic is drying Peking ducks in between oil changes.
This response is not intended to be harsh and I apologize in advance if it comes off that way. There is a lot of misinformation about the CPP Disability Benefit, including some of the information in this post. CPP Disability benefits are not "often" reserved for people with severe and prolonged disabilities or illness, they are ONLY for people with severe AND prolonged disability or illness. From the canada.ca website: - Severe means that you have a mental or physical disability that regularly stops you from doing any type of substantially gainful work. - Prolonged means that your disability is long-term and of indefinite duration or is likely to result in death. "Substantially gainful" is defined as earning less than 10% of the Year's Maximum Pensionable Earnings, or less than $5,870 annualized. Someone who HAS BEEN working AND who has a pre-existing disability is by definition ineligible for CPP Disability benefits unless, of course, that disability has increased in severity so that they are no longer able to work in any substantive way. In addition, there are contribution requirements that you must meet in order to be eligible for CPP Disability. For someone who has fewer than 25 years of contributions, you must have contributed to CPP in four of the last six years. We don't know enough about OP's situation to comment on whether he meets the contribution requirements, but he mentions working "since July." Unless he has 3.5 additional years of CPP contributions in the last six years, he won't be eligible. Speaking generally, but based on many, many years of experience, a young person who HAS BEEN working and earning regular income in spite of illness or disability WILL NOT qualify for CPP Disability benefits unless their illness/disability has increased in severity so that they are essentially unable to work (and a medical practitioner plus the CPP disability adjudicators must agree on this point) AND that's only if they meet the contribution requirements. Final point: the CPP Disability application process takes a minimum of 6 months. They won't even respond to inquiries that are made less than four months after the initial application is submitted.
This isn't a Canadian insurance product; I'll keep this thread open but it won't be applicable to virtually all of the readers of this subreddit.
In addition: there is NO POINT at which I ever say, "she did a good job at that." NONE of her output is noteworthy except for its noteriety.
The contributory *period* is from age 18 to age 65 or optionally to age 70. The contributory *months* are the actual months you contributed (during the contributory period). So if you work from ages 35 to 45 (10 years), you have 120 contributory months, and 21 months will be dropped out (partial months are included in the calculation)
All I mean is that YOUR PENSION is based on YOUR CONTRIBUTIONS which are made during the months and years during which you contributed. Those contributions are calculated RELATIVE TO the total possible contributory months AND the total possible contributory amounts (relative to the YMPE). I promise I'm not confused about this
Months during which you did not contribute are already dropped out, but the terminology used is not "dropped out" as they are not part of the general drop-out provisions. Months during which you did not contribute are not part of your contributory months. They aren't "dropped out" as they were not included in the first place.
Holy shit I missed that. And of course Shauna centers herself in this self-expression on JJ's part, "I took the time to notice that [she had eyeshadow on]"
You can literally use it FOR ANYTHING. Wedding costs. To supplement a mat leave. Vacation.
They've called this a "pot pie" but specified that it has both a top and bottom crust, which makes it just . . . a pie. I note that the receipe itself describes the "crunchy" crust, "perfect for this season of holiday indulgence."
PPP is a "marketing" name for an IPP, which is generally a one-person defined benefit pension plan set up for an owner-manager of a CCPC. Your accountant and FA have heard of the IPP, which is what the "PPP" is.
Welp, she's admitted the recipes are gone. And apparently the "confirmed" schedule is "2 or 3 times per week." We still don't know what wheel was knocked out of what rut, but apparently her new plan is to go all-in on paid newsletters, even as she admits book sales aren't that great.
You have to be incorporated, and an employee of your corp. You can often contribute more than you could to an RRSP. I'm going to repeat that the "PPP" is an IPP. If you want to learn more, Google "IPP," not PPP.
It's totally worth considering. I'd check out a few IPP providers. There are only a handful across the country, so it won't take you much time to find 'em all. If you give me your province, I'll tell you the office you might want to contact.
In my experience this is also a deeply unfeminist thing to say: your boy kids don't get to hear it.
IT DEPENDS. But **as a general rule**, if you claimed 50% of the expenses associated with the house – i.e., you were using half the space to generate rental income – CRA will take the view that you lose 50% of the PRE. You can only keep the full principal residence exemption if three conditions are met: 1. You don't make any structural changes to the house to convert it to a rental. 2. You don't claim CCA. 3. The income-producing use of the house is "ancillary" to its use as a PR. Read s.2.59 here https://www.canada.ca/en/revenue-agency/services/tax/technical-information/income-tax/income-tax-folios-index/series-1-individuals/folio-3-family-unit-issues/income-tax-folio-s1-f3-c2-principal-residence.html
&gt; but the deductions may offset it The deductions would be taken against the rental income, not the capital gains
She could be fat AND fit, or fat and at least taking steps (literally) to promote her overall heart etc. fitness. She ain't
No. But we don't have enough information to gauge whether you'd even qualify.
HER doctor was calling from a morally-superior HIKING trip instead of the GROSS HOSPITAL DOCTOR
I did. The circular provides some examples, but they are examples of changes that are "substantial and of a more permanent nature, that is, where there is a structural change." The examples I listed are also "substantial and of a more permanent nature." OP's issue, however, is that by renting out 50% of the space and claiming 50% of expenses, it will be very difficult to argue that the rental use of the property is "ancillary" to its use as a PR. OP also says he "claimed renos," which is another nail in the PRE coffin.
My caveat to that article is that it was written just a few months after CRA started requiring that owners report the sale of the PR on their T1. CRA wasn't connecting the PRE with rental income *because it had no way of tracking the sale of the PR.* I am not saying that article is "wrong," but that the conditions that lead to that conclusion have changed significantly
Eh, it's a super-popular thread (apparently) and I don't see any problematic behaviour. If you don't like the topic, just . . . don't participate
My dreamy dream work assignment I always use recipes as examples of "tacit knowledge" in instructional design and tech writing!
Perfection! Exactly how this subreddit is designed to be used.
There she is again, at her little lectern. I thought she "longed to be on the carpet, just another squirmy kid like everyone else," not "above everyone, different from them all"?
aaaaaand here it is again: https://www.designsponge.com/2018/11/ageism-transparency-live-good-company-podcast-from-seattle.html
&gt; It all made me feel more compassion toward her. In the acknowledgements, she thanks her parents and brother and writes (am paraphrasing), Those were really heavy times and we're still not at peace. Maybe one day. and I thought that tiny statement, tucked in at the end, was more touching and honest than the entire book with its forced push toward "I have found it, I am free, I am complete &amp; enough." This is such a thoughtful comment. When I watched Ayanna Pressley's video about her "alopecia journey" – where she says "this is where I am; I'm not at peace with this, but I'm working on it" – I thought, "that's where Shauna is" (but I'm not actually sure she's really working on anything). https://theglowup.theroot.com/exclusive-rep-ayanna-pressley-reveals-beautiful-bald-1841039847 The race to "be the best" at "discovering your Enoughness" is just one more round of "pick me, pick me, pick me" that she details in the book.
[Serious answer] if you want to discuss investing in Trump's companies as a Canadian, go right ahead. Why would you think the topic of investing in any particular company would be off-limits here?
I'm actually going to go through my LinkedIn and pare it waaaaaay back down to people I actually know or am interested in being connected to (even if I don't know them). Shit is way too random at this point
I don't think it is realistic for your dad to "go to the funeral home" and make arrangements. YOU should go to a funeral home and inquire about arrangements. There is a huge variation in cost. You will not be able to "take a bill to his credit union" and have them withdraw funds to pay it. The funeral home will describe all of the potential arrangements to pay the bills.
I was going to say that, but . . . I don't know when he quit smoking, and I don't know what the rules are (were?) around workplace smoking wherever the fuck he was working.
Not to belabour a point, but mortgage life insurance is and only ever is for the mortgage balance, which declines over time. If you buy a $1M house and get mortgage life insurance, it won't be "for $1M"
Have you watched [Utopia](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Utopia_\(British_TV_series\))?
One Rob Carrick mention does not a "guru" make.
Maybe you're supposed to drizzle the blood sauce over the chocolate hearts you sous-vided? Bleeding hearts!
Her "rebrand," such as it is, is to her name instead of "gluten-free girl." (So it's really a de-brand, not a rebrand.) She stopped posting at GFG a few years ago. Then, recently, she changed her Twitter handle to SMA instead of GFG. On Insta, she's been SMA for a long time. As a memoir author – of "Enough" – under her own name, with no "persona" in the book title, she's presumably hoping to build a brand under her own name. I don't think there's anything more to it
Wow, is that ever accurate. Shauna's "ultimate power move:" "step into the kitchen" on the MORNING OF the start of a pre-booked week of activities and casually inform the "cook" that you have an apparently very serious food sensitivity to an extremely common ingredient. Then rock back on your heels and watch her eyes widen.
I am a true grocery store person as I believe I have literally only been in grocery stores since Christmas!
I’m not sure how viable dog-walking is with an infant / baby / toddler, though
Holy shit, as I find myself typing in this weekly thread so often.
Mods are not out here reading for "defamation" or "libel," nor should you expect us to. We keep discussions on-topic and try to ensure commenters here are relatively polite to one another.
Yeah, I know. I probably shouldn't have focused so much on that particular aspect. That's a busy, noisy street and if you click through, you can see the pix of the condition of the house and yard. RE be crazy in this neighbourhood, and it's not slowing. Things are still selling in well under a week for over asking, and "asking" isn't low.
100%.
I'm not young though! I'm a Gen X-er.
"and this little piggy grew none"
(you are uneducated about this)
Excuse you, Grow Down On It.
&gt; According to their website, they are fiduciaries They are fiduciaries, but they are not financial planners. They are investment managers. You may or may not value financial planning advice, which would include tax planning.
Oh whoops! 👍
Wow, that is A LOT of new content. What're the odds SMA worked on any of it? And yeah, it's still bad. But it's not *worse* with her gone.
Yes but "this centuries of behaviour" instead of "centuries of this behaviour"
I am now wondering if a lot of people were laid off. Which makes Shauna's weird decision to NOT link her firing to COVID even more bizarre.
Advisors who do not sell funds cannot comment on fund choices
Look at them now, releasing a HUGE amount of new content without her. I don't know how much Shaunafreude there can be here
IMO it's now just plain old "bad writing," versus bad *and aggressively weird* writing.
Surely you mean "twice-cooked bread" or something
Shauna follows Ash, who does not follow Shauna. That's gotta sting.
BUT SHE IS AS FIT AS A FIDDLE-LEAF FERN Oh, a *strategic* use of "high-risk category," I grow it.
She's apparently using the block button liberally.
Given that Danny seems to tremble like a leaf and burst into tears at ridiculously frequent intervals, I'm wondering what her mental image of "adult males" really is
A memory of a sniffle! An almost-sniffle! A snifflenoughagus! A tug in the lungs, a knowledge of the body, a clear sense of what to do: these are the diagnostic criteria that must be followed.
Canada has two levels of public pension, one contributory and one not. The Canada Pension Plan is a contributory plan (it is funded by mandatory contributions from employers, matched by employees). Your benefit in retirement (starting as early as age 60, but "designed" to be taken at age 65 or later) is based on how long you contributed to the plan, and how much you contributed relative to the yearly maximum. The Old Age Security benefit is a non-contributory "pension," funded by general tax revenues, available at age 65 to qualifying Canadians (those who have lived in Canada for 10 years or more, as well as those who have lived in another country that has a reciprocal social services agreement with Canada). In addition to CPP and the OAS benefit, some workplaces offer employer-sponsored pension plans. These are *separate from* the CPP and the OAS. From what you've written, your workplace offers a contributory workplace pension. Because you are offered a "match," this is a *defined contribution* pension plan. That is, the amount of the contributions before retirement is known ("defined"). In this case, the contributions are x percentage of your gross salary (to a defined maximum, say 6 percent), matched by your employer. If your salary was $100K gross (before taxes) and your employer offered "matching" contributions to a maximum of 6 percent, the yearly maximum that could be contributed would be $6,000. The contributions in this case would be triggered by you that is, you contribute $3,000 that is matched by your employer, for a total of $6,000. You will be enrolled in CPP automatically. You cannot enroll in OAS so don't worry about it. You will likely not be enrolled in your employer's pension plan automatically, but you should enroll as soon as possible. You will be offered investment choices but you don't need to worry about them until you're here, enrolled in the plan, and have the options laid out in front of you. At that point, you could make another post here for input.
(It was I)
That's gone now, too.
Substack isn't obscuring anything? When I click on the links, I 100% get an affiliate page, with her name and everything.
I know. I follow him and really like him. It's depressing when I see her interactions with him.
"Ah yes, my #blaxon is also clumsy and unmanageable and also never cuts the scallions to my specifications"
It's Dan's PROFILE PICTURE on Twitter.
Her most recent newsletter IS a reading list. That's all it is. As for whether her Bookshop link is an affiliate link, my question is, can you actually set up a Bookshop link *without* having it be an affiliate store? I mean, her name is at the top of the Bookshop.org page, and these are "her" listings (linked from her paid newsletter). Even if she donated the $ received somewhere, the entire point of setting up a Bookshop.org storefront is to generate affiliate commissions. There's genuinely no other point.
https://www.reddit.com/r/blogsnark/comments/guj7ey/shauna_m_ahern_also_known_as_gluten_free_girl/fsq810z/
She's going to make something featuring the collards she's growing in her garden *right now*!
IF your employer signs the form that says you are required to work from home, THEN you can claim a small portion of the "supplies" you use for work: stationary, internet, rent, utility bills. If you WFH for four months in 2020, for example, and your workspace is 10% of your home, then you could claim (your total bills) x 10% x 4/12 If your total bills were, say, $2,000, this would equal $2000 x 10% x 4/12 = $66.67 If your marginal tax rate is 30%, the tax savings would equal $66.67 x 30% = $20.01
Read this and tell me what you think: &gt;If we all could teach other people about the lie of the welfare queens, maybe we could help everyone to see that government benefits—which only comprise 10% of the federal budget, after all—are meager, at best. And they aren’t solely for Black people. They are for all of us.
I googled "Vashon Island police" after Shauna wrote about someone "calling the police" on a Black man reading on a bench (or whatever) and found this article which describes multiple "homeless encampments" on the Magical Island. https://www.vashonbeachcomber.com/news/realities-of-policing-vashon-a-place-with-a-state-of-mind/
&gt; The Slutty Summer Tomato and other comments she's made, settling for Danny- having white male approval seems to be important to her I don't really know how to express this but I think this is all just Dad Issues. Mom couldn't secure the approval of Pa James, but Plucky Little Shauna will do it, by gum!
100% this. Also, there is ONE "Black" identity and ONE "Black" point of view. (And it's here, in my newsletter.)
Let's play a new game: Shauna, or Ivanka Trump? https://twitter.com/MrJoeKeenan/status/1269332425856831488?s=20
I sincerely wonder if what spurred them to write in for free advice was the question, "Can we qualify for CERB?"
I dunno. I think the idea that they are preparing for "retirement" when neither has actually worked for years is up there. Retire from WHAT?
For the full bingo she should have referenced his "chocolate brown skin."
it's RRSP to LIRA Then, depending on multiple factors (like your age, the jurisidiction under which the pension was regulated, how much is in the LIRA, etc.) you MAY be able to "unlock" some/all of the funds in the LIRA, whether to a LIF or cash or a combination
No doubt, but the correlation may not be as tight as you might imagine. The Chief Actuary has estimated that advances in the treatment of heart disease (specifically, stents) have added, on average, about 7 years to average male life expectancy post age 50 (if I'm recalling the stats correctly, which I'll see if I can dig out). Someone who is disabled due to heart disease with, presumably, an own-occ disability plan may not have a very shortened life expectancy Here's a picture which shows the general trends (from the OCA): https://imgur.com/a/jiWf9Mu
I am in the middle of making the collard greens from the Turkey and the Wolf recipe because of Shauna.
There has been NO mention of "Zoom writing workshops" before (or since) that tweet.
Super-young people who are *just* getting their first corporate job? Like this is something you learn at 22.
Do not do the CSC. It is a licensing requirement. It is not an academic qualification. It is not "more substantial" than a Bloomberg course. It will expire if unused and cannot be used without an additional course (CPH) in any case.
(And now a portion of the employee component is also deductible!) Still incorporation this year because I've looked at how much the premiums are rising in the coming years
Free according to Shauna's tweet, but also worthless according to Shauna's track record of providing value
Even "I Have a Dream . . . " that every day I will decide on ONE Black musician (can't overwhelm her little family with TWO Black musicians)
I actually went and scrolled through a few pages of followers. Seems to be other people in food media, and profiles like "Trixie, age 36. Loving life gluten-free! Mom to two furbabies and one human baby, Max, almost 3! #Winemom #GoPacers #IndianaProud Peace! [flower emoji]"
Payroll = payroll account at CRA Sole proprietor = no wages, no "payroll." Your income is gross profits less expenses, no "wages"
What I'm hearing is that they will ask employers to remit monthly pay info along with the T4. Also, CRA already has this info, even if employers do not remit it separately
It's very possible. If you work in white collar / government, it's likely that neither you nor any of your colleagues lost their jobs. In fact, you might be busier than ever
I don't downvote, and I do answer questions! I'm just one person though!
Not a fan of the nap, either, I see!
I'm digging through the GOMI thread but it might take me a while!
it is very trivial to find houses in the Upper Beaches/Leslieville area selling quickly over asking. Just sticking to semis: - sold in 7 days at $100K over asking https://www.bungol.ca/listing/410-rhodes-avenue-toronto-e4763525-4113664/ - sold in 5 days at $50K over asking https://www.bungol.ca/listing/231-ashdale-avenue-toronto-e4772475-4121870/ - sold in 3 days at $60K over asking https://www.bungol.ca/listing/320-highfield-road-toronto-e4771510-4120984/ - sold in 2 days at $250K over asking https://www.bungol.ca/listing/51-bellhaven-road-toronto-e4770648-4120195/
Oh for sure. I should have said "outsourced HR or employment lawyer"
Hmmm. I am noticing that comments are VERY slow to "go through" here – but maybe that is an entirely different thing? I get notification on the app that there's a comment (reply to a comment I've made) but it often doesn't show up on web for a few hours. I moderate another sub and nothing like that is happening there, though.
Yep. Scary.
Sure. You can read the ILC rules, there's a copy here https://tamarinassets.s3.amazonaws.com/assets/1479827507131_5834603365b7d4fd43866ffa.pdf You can read about the annuity options for the Daily Grand from the WCGC here, in the FAQs https://www.wclc.com/faq-5.htm
One of my relatives stole something important and valuable to "save it from being stolen by someone else." We gave it back after he died. This is one of the most shameful things in my family
She says their benefits are delayed because of a fraud investigation. But she says that's because of *other people's fraud,* not hers.
It's safely in my inbox, out of her prying fucking hands.
Lol forever at her idea of "poverty" being "living in a double-wide" when she couldn't afford a double-wide on Vashon if her life depended on it. Some of the LOTS on Vashon sell for $400K.
One of the mods (/u/felixyyz) has been responding and I'm on it now (finally).
Dude. What you are describing did not happen. I'm honestly not sure whether we should just be banning you at this point; you are extremely confused about how the HBP works
And it's $30,680 for a family of five – but in Shauna's previous newsletter, she gave the amount for a family of five as $39,010 a year, which is higher than even the Alaska rate. (Nerd note: Canada didn't have an official "Poverty Line" until 2018, when the current Liberal government decided to adopt one of the most popular poverty measures as the official determinant. A big day for public finance peeps)
If you don't repay 1/15th of the balance *to yourself,* not to the CRA.
FWIW, none of these titles are regulated, so RBC can essentially say they mean whatever RBC wants, and RBC can change the definitions over time.
yeah, really?
Another niche case is you are a high-tax earner with a low- or no-tax spouse, and you contribute to a spousal RRSP used for the HBP, which the low-tax spouse does not repay. You have effected income-splitting prior to retirement
And if you don't live on a Magical Island with Overflowing Food Banks, well, sucks to be you, I guess, right? Just make different life choices! Choose to live amongst privilege! It's very simple.
I think you could read the latest "addendum" as Using the food bank so donated food does not go to waste
oh lol
DRAFT mode? What the hell? Is she saying she never posted that actual post?
&gt; QED. (That's Latin for "I am right.") Lucy taught me that, you see.
My kids and I can (and do) all of that stuff and we live downtown.
Well, it's going to depend on your definition of "downtown," but I mos def do not live in a suburb of any kind. I'm in the Upper Beaches area. My teenagers just went on a bike ride and now they're back and one is hanging out in the addition we built for her off the back of our house. My husband's got to work on his bike and he's going to do that in the front yard, where we took out the lawn and put flagstone. Meanwhile, I'm going to fire up the bbq because I want to start cooking tonight's dinner. I'm literally hitting pretty much every one of your markers but I'm not in a suburb.
This is me, with my first husband. I tearfully went to my weekly therapy appointment and "confessed" that I'd read some correspondence that my husband had left in his open briefcase (not just "unlocked," open with the contents on full display. Back when briefcases were a thing) that revealed he'd been having an affair. "YOU SHOULD BE FOCUSED ON YOUR HUSBAND'S INFIDELITY AND HIS CONCEALMENT OF THAT FROM YOU, NOT ON THE FACT THAT YOU READ CORRESPONDENCE HE LEFT OUT IN THE OPEN," the therapist practically shouted at me. A true lightbulb moment
&gt; Filing an application for say, someone that earns $2500 a month for a policy that they OWN, rather than rent What do you mean here?
Oh, I know what he meant. Now suspecting this whole post is essentially trolling. *Why would the GOVERNMENT allow me to sell this, if it wasn't ABOVE BOARD and totally on the up-and-up?*
My teen and I shared a mini blueberry pie AND a mini peach-rhubarb pie, so I'm going to go with "yes"
You are speaking my love language.
Plus, the "sly" little dig at Danny. "Being married to a chef is not for the faint of heart," you say? AKA it sucks? 10-4, that's a confirmation, message received.
&gt; Perhaps not, but it's the low interest environment that's made borrowing costs lower and encouraged people to overleverage themselves and but more expensive houses that they otherwise couldn't afford. What I personally think will happen in (some? many?) cases is that homebuyers who overleveraged will use consumer proposals to address their unsecured debt and potentially dump unsustainable car loans (potentially because a commute is no longer required), while keeping the house. They may lose any built-up equity in the house, but they won't lose the house.
Performance Improvement Plan
Yes! They are so white, compared to . . . Shauna and Danny?
Yes, but in my experience, that severance can be contingent on keeping the details of the arrangement private. I mean, I have no idea what legal advice ChefSteps may or may not be getting, but in my experience firing people (ugh) we put a "conduct" clause in the severance package and we pay severance out over time to ensure the conduct parameters are met. She put the details on blast within a few hours.
Here is Shauna in 2017, offering a workshop called "Don't Quit Your Day Job" https://imgur.com/a/VtKU50F
I can't really get over Dan's moustache on the LH side one.
&gt; and there isn’t much contrast at all in the photo They honestly kind of look like . . . one person.
If I put in "Shauna m ahern" as my search term, the "top results" are (at the very top) a link to her Twitter, and then quite a few of the pushback tweets. I think she's caught between two stools here (or in some other, better metaphor): if a tweet of hers is popular, then a response to that popular tweet pointing out her racism, misogyny, homophobia, etc. will be much more visible!
&gt; You have a 50/50 chance if the CRA allowing you to claim the election since, as you said, you have no real choice on where you get your medical residency. But there's still a chance they'll disallow it. IME CRA accepts the view that a medical residency is a non-permanent (i.e., temporary) circumstance and moving for residency does not (necessarily) constitute a change of residence that requires filing in the province of residency. "Ordinarily resident" is where live or intend to live, but for the temporary circumstances that have you temporarily living elsewhere, such as a residency position.
(It depends on how the loan is structured)
If the employer provides "regular" meals, not just once-in-a-while meals, they are a taxable benefit If the employee pays a "reasonable fee" for the meals, they are not a taxable benefit MANY employers get this wrong; there are periodic threads in this subreddit from employees who have been hit with a tax bill after a routine CRA audit Employer's guide on taxable benefits: https://www.canada.ca/en/revenue-agency/services/forms-publications/publications/t4130/employers-guide-taxable-benefits-allowances.html#P1031_128523 look for the "meals" section
Here's a sample thread from an employer who fucked this up: https://www.reddit.com/r/PersonalFinanceCanada/comments/6w3iix/zynga_toronto_recently_got_audited_and_now_i_owe/
It is high.
&gt;as long as the loan isn't front loaded? This is THE question. Dollars to donuts, though, that interest has been capitalized
Also, they come off as chronic liars! "Oh, I know we said we loved [insert thing] but in reality we hated it."
WHAT WHAT WHAT "saturated with rat piss" WHAT https://www.facebook.com/shauna.ahern/posts/10220534439803742
"he was self-employed, so it counts" Translation: if we claim he was self-employed, we can get more $
Personal cheffing, which was never described or mentioned even in passing? Or could you be self-employed "looking for work" with no success?!
there is no designation "chartered financial planner." So, either that person essentially made up a designation that they then awarded themselves, or it's a Certified Financial Planner and someone got the first word wrong; or they are a Chartered Financial Analyst and someone got the last two words wrong. here's a list of all the financial certifications and designations in Canada: https://www.iiroc.ca/investors/understandfincert/Pages/default.aspx You'll see there are a few more with "chartered" in the name, like a Chartered Financial Divorce Specialist.
Monetary contributions aren't the only way to measure whether someone is contributing to a relationship!
If they can do that without her, why on earth did they ever need her? The ONLY thing they've cut back on is their newsletters, which were mostly awful.
in Canada, we made the benefit very easy to get (apparently; I don't qualify), which means there's been a ton of fraud. Also, the benefit is taxable, but no tax has been withheld, and people don't seem to understand the tax consequences well. It's good that benefits are available but both countries acted fast (out of necessity!) and there are hiccups. Shauna being so unprepared, on multiple levels, and then casting herself as SO prepared compared to someone with a "janky" cellphone etc. is so ridiculous.
&gt;The newsletter! Is posting stuff behind a paywall against reddit tos? If not I need to suffer I'm into discussing why, or why not, we would keep this rule. TBH I don't know why we WOULD keep the rule, but it's very possible there are good reasons I'm overlooking?
Honestly that sounds almost like a VACATION! "Wow, now that I'm not at work I can do my volunteer thing, and then we can take a nice ferry ride to go and retrieve our second car"
Number 2 is already happening, but so many private lenders are now in this space that I don't think it's going to have any appreciable impact on housing prices in GVA and the GTA
They are 100% already there and have been for a while
This is almost TOO good.
And then, in the end, the person who got through was . . . Danny!
(My problem with the songs is I NEVER know the songs that are being parodied, so they are all lost on me)
It is INCREDIBLY boring: like 50% of it is a retyped list of some notes she took at a seminar a few years ago, rehashing the top phrases that anyone with even a tiny, passing familiarity with Brene Brown will have already seen. Then a repost of a Trevor Noah video. Then an excerpt of a John Oliver video. Then a link to the NYTimes bestseller list. Really reaching for obscure content here, sheesh.
Cosigned.
&gt; https://www.investopedia.com/terms/g/gift_of_equity.asp This is a U.S. concept that is not relevant in Canada.
Unfortunately, if you move to Ontario, you cannot claim unused *provincial* tuition tax credits from another province. A bit more info available here: https://www.taxtips.ca/filing/students/transfercarryforward.htm
This is essentially unheard-of; I think you must have crossed wires somewhere.
I'm sorry this took you by surprise! We get posts like this one every year, when people get their income taxes assessed and these types of bills roll in. I wish this whole issue was better understood generally.
The content I am here for, no word of a lie.
Yep. My outdoor faucet, that was supposed to be impervious to freezing (so that if I forgot to turn off the water one winter, it would be fine) has failed and I have to replace it. I'd call the plumber I used last time, but he died. I haven't even priced out the replacement faucet but I have to buy that, plus get it installed; I'm guessing this is a $200+ bill that arrived out of nowhere.
The issue is whether OP requested to transfer *his account* (i.e., everything in the account), or to make a partial transfer of *some of* what was in his account (i.e., the cash only). Randomly choosing ScotiaBank's account transfer form: https://www.scotiabank.com/ca/common/pdf/scotiamcleod/SMcL_Transfer_Authorization_Form_For_Registered_Investements_2013.pdf Look at the options under "client direction to relinquishing institution" – OP should have selected "cash balance only"
I don't know how Shauna could have posted that person's story, with the genuine hardship she faced (newborn lifelifted to hospital after homebirth-gone-wrong, mom died when porch prattler was two weeks old, etc.) and in any way equated her (Shauna's) life with that of the porch prattler. It's incredibly embarassing. Shauna should have come away from that interview resolved to retract her entire fucking book
I think you are very confused about who you are responding to
He didn't "cash out equity." He sold some equities within his account, and then wanted to transfer out the resulting cash
No? You can withdraw any amount, any time, from a regular RRSP.
!!! My biggest fashion celebrity meet was Valentino.
I've also met a bunch of fashion people I was less impressed with! Maria Grazia Chiuri, Raf Simons, Pierpaolo, Hedi Slimane – we can have a whole fashion (not Vashon) convo if you like ;)
Duty of care is all financial advisors; that's why the KYC standard exists Statutory fiduciary duty = advisors registered as portfolio managers (which robos are) Common-law fiduciary duty = potentially arises for advisors whose clients are vulnerable, and over whose assets advisors exercise discretion
I read that piece and had a brief moment in which I thought, eh, I'm Shauna's age, possibly when I was really young I wrote similarly-bad stuff and then realized wait: she was (we were) in her late 30's, not her late . . . teens
Why would you not?
My property tax bill in TO on my $1M+ house is $2,563.24 for 2020 Obviously if you spent $800K on a house in TO 20 years ago you could afford to do so But the average house price in Toronto today is approximately $1M and the property tax on that house will be around $2,500 A house purchased 20 years ago for $800K was not the average then, or anywhere close to it; there aren't actually "many" homeowners in Toronto paying $10,000 in property taxes; that would be for a $4M+ house Editing in response to your edit: My housing costs are about $600/month all-in (including internet as a "utility"). Obviously if someone has a mortgage, and a larger space, their costs will be higher but I promise you I live in the prototypical "average" Toronto house
OP says they have a "modest mortgage." Let's say the mortgage has a current balance of $100K with 5 years remaining on the original 25-year term. At 2.5%, interest costs would be less than $200/month
What is even happening here? Compared to buying a $3M+ house *today*, someone living in a house for which they paid even $800K 20 years ago has cheaper living costs *today* Because the cost of the house has gone up, and so has the mortgage, even if the mortgage rate has gone down A $3M+ house purchased in 2020 will have higher ongoing costs than an $800K house purchased 20 years ago with a "modest" mortgage What part of that doesn't sound like math and logic
If you read through the comment chain, the person to whom I was originally responding said that "many" households in Toronto have property tax bills of over $10,000 year, and that my idea of "low housing costs" was "out there" as a result. That person added the detail that they paid $800K for their TO house 20 years ago, which means the house would be (almost certainly) worth in excess of $3M today, which is the only reason they'd have a property tax bill of $10,000/year The only point that I'm arguing is that people living in owned RE in Toronto have "low" housing costs today, *no matter what they may have paid for their house over time.* (I don't think I ever paid 7% and I've been a homeowner since 1996, however) While historical costs are important and provide context, the argument was that housing costs are not "low" in Toronto because someone is paying $10K per year in property tax on a house they own – that is not an "average" house and by definition there are not "many" people paying property tax at that rate
&gt; And someone better than poor old Dan Yeah! When Lena (as Hannah) misbehaved by throwing the coffee shop's garbage into someone else trash bin, she ended up with Patrick Wilson, for god's sakes https://variety.com/2013/tv/news/girls-lena-dunham-patrick-wilson-one-mans-trash-debate-1200589232/
No worries, don't be on edge! At least not on account of my comments in this thread, which are not intended to put you on edge. I think that DB pensions can be misunderstood. Signing up for the plan doesn't necessariliy mean taking the retirement benefit. And not signing up for the plan means foregoing all those tax-deffered employer contributions!
&gt; but it seems the quality of posts and content overall in here is just down It is. The sub has exploded in popularity over the past little while, especially after CERB/COVID-19. And "new" entrants bring general Reddit-wide behaviour to the sub. I don't really have a fix for this.
&gt; Genuine question, why would the wage stat be better to use than the working age income stat? Well, you can see the difference. Your stat is for all people in that age cohort, many of whom don't work or work part-time. If you exclude all people who are not working, or are not working full-time, the median goes way up. (10% below the median in your mid-30s is pretty normal and even on the high side)
&gt; since the property will not be an investment property Minor technical note: the property would still be an investment property, just not a *rental* property (producing rental income)
Once upon a time I feel as though I could Google-search GOMI, but now Google doesn't seem to bring up any GOMI results. I dunno what happened!
Truly excellent tea.
&gt; and same price So you can see how it doesn't, in fact, add monetary value. In this case, you'd select it over an identical property with no pool, without paying more for it [shrug]
AHHH PERACELSUS IN THE WILD
Bulletin is old but the guidance has not been updated. I don't know why your accountant, or anyone else working in tax, would tell you other than what I've posted – at least based on what you've written.
I really, really like this post. I hope that I haven't made the comment about "unhealthy" food. I have said that I believe they live an "unhealthy lifestyle" (although I *think* I would have phrased it as something like "a life with few healthy habits" or something). I really spent a lot of time thinking, after reading this comment, about whether my Shauna snark is poorly-integrated self-hate.
But you would be "topping it up" based on what? Either you have pensionable income that, for some reason, you didn't report or didn't report as pensionable; or you don't. You CAN increase your CPP by working longer, and working more years with higher income. And these are very efficient methods to do so.
I think in her mind, "being thin" would mean she wouldn't have to convince us of anything! But because she isn't "thin," she has to convince us she's still "healthy (as a fiddle-leaf fern! or whatever she actually said)," all visible evidence to the contrary.
I know! Super not cool. I don't know what the implications of making/taking a sub private are (does everybody automatically get included? Can we "un-private" later? What are the criteria for "admission"?), but googling now.
&gt; and really they are also tough little kids whose parents are billionaires and they do stuff like talk back to adults they think are morons Cosigned. And, not to put too fine a point on it, these are presumably the familes whose largesse allow her to outfit her entire house and buy all gifts etc. at Granny's
&gt;She wants to split on a bungalow so she can live in the basement, rent it out when she goes traveling, and have me and my partner live on the main level. Going against every other current comment to say that this sounds workable. But get a legally-drafted agreement!
You should apply **when you are applying for a CPP benefit**, such as the retirement benefit. That's what the link you provided says!
Ah oui, *Un vent puissant,* comme celui qui accompagnait la proposition de mariage à Shauna par Danny
Yes! I initially thought it was . . . a fingertip? But then recognized it as a table support, only because I have the same IKEA table.
p.s. The thing? The thing that Shauna was wrong about, has changed her mind about, and now finds 'humble joy' in? Watching TV during family meals, so long as it is SMART TV like, you know. Diners, Drive-Ins, and Dives.
I just noticed that sentence has the "Danny working in the garden" construction.
Your parents may have 30 years to go! I am totally mystified by the idea that somehow that because a set of parents have a "large and desireable asset" a kid gets to slide in to tell them the kid's preferred method of receiving "their share" of that asset. How do you know that mom and dad won't use up their equity providing, for example, in-home care because no one is willing to go to nursing homes in a post-COVID world? There's a 25% chance that at least one of two Canadians in a couple, both age 65 and in good health (relative to their peers) will be alive at age 98.
I'm working out the teeny tiny muscles that cause the hairs on the back of my neck to stand up! It's the year of the deadlift all over again!
&gt; CS was a handout according to another food friend who is equally up her own ass We. Need. This. Tea.
The worst part of this (for me) is that with the characterization of "lifting her leg" as a sexual advance by a child, Shauna is saying that SHE THINKS that children are sexual, and children's legs are sexual (even INFANT LEGS) and in that case, she CANNOT argue that her photo of Lucy was NOT sexual, and she must think that the photo she posted IS A SEXUAL PHOTO. Which she took. And she posted.
Unless she was paid, like, less than the rent on her house (which seems extremely unlikely) she was not "paid peanuts for the amount of work required." She was hired as a writer, and we could all see the level of output she was generating, and it was extremely minimal, *especially* given the quality. This reads like a Shauna lens on a Shauna situation.
The person who posted that job posting was hired at the same time as Shauna and is an actual marketing professional. I N T E R E S T I N G Also, the job is NOT "at ChefSteps," but at "Breville USA (ChefSteps)" (If I take the job-poster's position as indicative; i.e., they work at "Breville USA (ChefSteps)") Also: Shauna's LinkedIn still styles her as Head Writer at ChefSteps
&gt;but it's pretty clear they needed a marketing pro, not a former cookbook author I am reminded of the slogan of my local tool-sharing initiative (which, now that I think about it, may be defunct due to COVID): "You don't need a drill, you need a hole in the wall!" They didn't actually need "a writer" and certainly not a "head writer," they needed (and need) the results that effective "writing," as part of a well-executed marketing strategy, could bring
SUPER problematic take from the POV of Aboriginal sovereignty over Aboriginal land. This land is WHOSE land, exactly? And made for whom? First google hit (it's good!) on the topic: https://folklife.si.edu/magazine/this-land-is-whose-land-indian-country-settler-protest
You mean, you pictured her dressed up as Danny, whom she compared to Charlie Chaplin on her blog ("his little Charlie Chaplin walk")
She also says she was "locked in her house" when her blog and her book are filled with descriptions of all the things she did as a child, from auditions to family walks to living in England for a year
I don't know what your deal is, but knock it off. The mods did not delete your previous posts; you did. And I'm not deleting this one, but quit with the name-calling. No further warnings.
(the heel and sole are also totally wrong)
&gt; My dad is self-employed (doesn’t report just entire income) but reported it for 2019 so he can qualify for CERB so that bite him in the ass for the mortgage renewal. This does not make sense.
Capital gains accrue to owners, independent of who makes the mortgage payments. Legal and beneficial ownership can change the tax consequences, though
My mind is apparently not criminal enough to deduce these schemes.
And who is going to make this happen? You, with your 1% ownership stake?
Ah yes. I am going to chope my seat while I go and get some limpet congee.
I wear a mask and my kids wear masks and everyone in my family feels anxious if we're someplace and people aren't wearing masks. TBH I'm still pretty much locked down and I'm not entirely sure if/when that will change.
&gt; Can't bring the money into the country though without paying tax except 10k. This isn't right. $10K is a FINTRAC limit. You can bring tax-paid capital from one country to Canada, particularly as a Canadian.
Geez! Now I'm going to watch this!!
&gt; ours was built for natural airflow Was it built by leafcutter ants?!
We replaced ours a few years ago. Here's what I know about it: we went on vacation for three weeks and when we got back there were approximately 100 holes to patch all over the house and it cost $8K.
Yes! typing away in Canada ;)
This isn't a personal finance problem. You don't have the same goals. Although it might *seem* like a personal finance problem, there's nothing about "finance" that is going to help you solve it.
I should note that she says, in the newsletter, that commenter was "Perhaps well-meaning."
The Upper Beaches area has lots of properties that go under $1M, some of which are quite "cottagey" As just one example: https://www.bungol.ca/listing/320-highfield-road-toronto-e4771510-4120984/ I live in this area and it's an easy bike ride or 24-hour streetcar route to Union
I understand that (and live it!). But I can't put $225K in a TFSA today nor could I have whenever that house was bought.
OMG. "Helping others navigate the system" = "advising people via a paid newsletter that it's ok to steal ALL the cherries you need!"
I came home from the grocery store the other day (yesterday? all the days are a blur) and commented excitedly to my husband that "sales are coming back!" because butter was cheaper than I've seen it in MONTHS!
Tamar takes some weird positions IMO but if I was Shauna I would never, ever tangle with her on Twitter. I mean, forget it. Shauna essentially has *no* social capital and Tamar has tons
She's a working oyster farmer who also (a) has a WaPo column ("Unearthed") for which she (b) won a James Beard Foundation writing award in 2015. She has a paying food-writing job, considerable prestige, and also "lives in food" as a farmer. https://www.washingtonpost.com/lifestyle/food/tamar-haspel-wins-james-beard-award-for-unearthed-column/2015/04/25/421aff02-eb89-11e4-9767-6276fc9b0ada_story.html
(Beautiful flair, I must say) (cue Ed Grimley voice)
&gt;That IG post is directed RIGHT at her parents. And the part about "it isn't natural for kids to only spend time with their parents" is a targeted dig. "See, mom and dad, I'm so fucked up *because you ruined me.* Save my kids from the same fate!"
She's already publicly floating that they can't afford August rent. I presume July rent will clean them out or, worse, July rent will clean out their friends' pockets. We know their rent is $2500. Will they get that much on unemployment or whatever COVID benefits are available to them?
IME the kids aren't harder to deal with as teenagers, but their problems are harder because they become bigger and more serious, with more serious potential consequences
Also "budgeting" defined as "writing out shopping lists"
OH my god.
I am REALLY worried about this for me. I have said to anyone who will listen variations of "I know it may not look like it, but I am working at my full current capacity." And it's shit. Someone invited me for a socially-distanced professional coffee this week and I was like "I just can't. I just can't fit that in."
Can you imagine what was going through her head when she got that job? "All my money woes solved FOREVER and all I have to do is exactly what I'm currently doing!"
Yes! She is making herself look WORSE with every tweet and "love letter" and Facebook post about "the maze of bureaucracy." She looks *incompent,* not noble and put-upon. Edit: I spelled "incompetent" incorrectly! Leaving it because perfection.
My 15-year-old actually said to me that he wished he was "a little bit tan" so he could go outside for longer. He dyed his hair black and he has THE MOST AMAZING blue eyes but he is as pale as can be. It's a look!
Anyone want to talk cookbooks? Specifically, has anyone read Falastin? I'm looking for reviews from dear friends.
