I did something similar for the last wipe, but the amount of blatant cheaters and unfettered racism without any admins whatsoever is really grating on the experience. It's either, have a server that has admins, chat filters, and rules but have to deal with always getting BPs reset. Or have a server that BPs aren't reset very often but no admins or rules whatsoever. Quite the dilemma.
Why, might I ask, would you ever need to re-deploy a level 1 bench? They're super cheap, and easily destructible. I don't see the necessity here.
Plugins are mods. There's just a distinction that if you use plugins that do not affect the game for players in any way (ie: admin-only plugins for purposes of aiding the administration of a server), then you can specifically configure your server to show in the server browser as unmodded/vanilla, even with these plugins installed. Again, the plugins must not change the game in any way for players. Stuff that modifies/filters chat, admin tools, etc are ok.
Mind explaining what you think is wrong?
R9 380 is a pretty low-end card these days, I would suggest upgrading that. The CPU and RAM should be sufficient. Though the optimization currently is pretty poor, there's a lot of issue with frame drop and stuttering that is affecting many people regardless of hardware. I should be getting 150FPS with my setup as I used to be getting many months ago, but currently can't get much further past 80 stable with stutter and hitch.
Ah, I wasn't aware they weren't using them at night anymore. I haven't played since update dropped.
My ideal server would be: * Very performant and stable server. * 200-250 slots. * 5K Map with a decently sized snow biome and decent amount of island formations, perhaps using the same seed every wipe. * Monthly wipe that doesn't wipe BPs. * Vanilla with no upkeep or at least greatly reduced upkeep cost. * Region-locked. * Non-playing admins. * Active admins that ban cheaters promptly when reported. * Chat filters for toxicity. * Punishment for racist/toxic players.
Yes, it's completely optional to use. The only impacts on the way the game was played before, is now you can't use the ceiling lights with low grade fuel, and the components used for electrical circuits have slightly increased the overall availability HQM via recycling them. Oh, and trap bases are also now more devious.
This should help understand the concepts, it's not a Rust video, but explains how the logic gates themselves function. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gI-qXk7XojA Also, this guide from Rustafied: https://www.rustafied.com/electricity-in-rust
&gt; What, you think teams aren't on boats, too? I spent most of today gathering scrap on boats. I think I was killed 5 times. This is probably dependent on the server you play on, where you are on the map, and the time of day. I've personally found that during my particular play times the seas are rather calm. This of course is subjective to my own experience, however it has remained a fairly consistent experience for the last few months, hence my recommendation. &gt; Yeah, stop right there before you start talking shit about a solo player. You know what a solo player can't do? Fight on boats. 1) I wasn't talking shit about solos. 2) Yes they can, not as easily obviously, but it's not impossible. The boat will stay running if you change seat with X before taking your finger off the throttle. Just because I play duo, doesn't mean that my friend is playing with me at all times. I often play solo when they aren't online, or go out on my own when they are. I have fought and won boat battles solo by careful application of switching seats while letting the boat drive forward on its own.
I would never recommend any AMD video card currently, as they simply cannot compare to Nvidia cards this generation. Sure they're comparatively inexpensive, but do not perform as well for the same price, and have no higher-end option available. The 590 is a re-branded 580 with a slightly faster base clock that doesn't justify the almost $100 bump in price. It does not compare favorably price/perf with the Nvidia GTX 1060-6GB. The 580 is about dead-on in terms of price/perf with the aforementioned 1060. As soon as you step up to a GTX 1070, AMD has already lost big time (by 40-45%). Not to mention the other higher 10-series models, or the RTX 20-series.
Yes.
Didn't you already post this today? Like 3 hours ago?
I'm plenty chill. Just calmly discussing the suggestion and trying to reason about why you would want it. If you can't argue civilly for what you want, then maybe it's not really that great of a suggestion, wouldn't you agree?
He doesn't like this community because of the reasons laid out in what Garry wrote. A good majority of the people that post on this subreddit with a critical view, express their criticism in a very toxic, antagonistic, and abusive way. I read this subreddit quite a lot. I have a pretty good finger on the pulse as it were. This simple request to think about how/what you're saying to/about people, Facepunch devs especially, is definitely warranted.
1070 will definitely do pretty well in most games. They are falling a bit further behind as the new generation kicks off, but they aren't bad at all and the prices are reasonable as they fall out of favor. Though that won't stay for very long as availability dries up. 2nd gen high-end model Ryzens are definitely pretty competitive. Not absolutely the best, but they're very much worth their price for what they give you, raw performance wise. They wouldn't be a bad choice if you're trying to keep the cost down. I prefer intel just because it offers the flat best possible performance (but you also pay a premium for that of course), and the intel platform insofar as chipset/motherboard I/O is concerned is far and beyond that of AMD offerings. The reason being is that the AMD-compatible motherboard manufacturers have to append a bunch of extra third-party controller chips of varying brands to get things like more SATA, USB3, Ethernet, etc. I like that most Intel-compatible boards (of higher spec particularly) are all a nice unified platform of intel controllers, with most being baked into your southbridge, that are of high quality and performance, and packed with features that power users/enthusiasts like myself make use of.
If you granted your permissions, have you logged out and back in? I think it takes at least one log-out to get the admin permissions working the first time. It's been a while since I was running my server so I can't remember exactly, but that sticks out in my mind as a possible necessity.
ownerid is just the Rust server owner, you also need to put yourself into the oxide permissions admin group.
It does work, it was posted here prior with video proof. I figured FP would've patched it this update. EDIT: zergs downvoting trying to suppress this lol, too late bois.
I think you need more RAM. Rust recommends 16GB.
Yeah, I think Helk needs to take another pass on how this stuff works. The draining without there being any load is a bit screwy. Combiners also need to be reworked so they can't be exploited when chaining them, instead of just not being allowed to chain them. But hey, this is the first version of all of this, surely the kinks will be worked out with time.
Poorly designed might throw off raiders, be unappealing because it's not well protected. The better your base build, the more potential that someone competent lives there, the more potential for juicy loot.
Could be a lot of possibilities. Email comes to mind. There's already plugins for discord notifications for all kinds of things, raids and so forth. I wonder if there's a notifications API for the Steam app that games can make use of?
Woa, you should take a chill pill. 1) I just suggested he needs more RAM, because he says he has 8GB and is having an issue that can be attributed to low RAM. 2) Tons of people report having issues while having only 8GB of RAM that are fairly specific to having 8GB of RAM. 3) The recommended specs on Rust's store page were updated somewhat recently to specify 16GB as the recommended configuration. 4) I've worked in IT for the last 15 years, part of that involves fixing and building PCs for a living, most often gaming PCs. I've been a hobbyist programmer, PC enthusiast and gamer for longer than I've done it as a job. I definitely understand what I'm saying and you should really calm the fuck down before you start to freak out saying shit YOU don't understand.
82*C at 50% CPU? That's really not good. Could be thermal throttling going on. You may need to check your cooling solution. Perhaps dismount it, clean the old thermal paste off and re-apply, dust out the machine as well. Lower your ambient room temperature. Also maybe consider upgrading your cooling solution entirely if those don't help. But also, you are definitely being bottlenecked by an 8350. It's a pretty poor processor. Predating Ryzen, when AMD chips were really awful. The 960 really isn't that great either, not completely incapable, but not great. In addition to all of that you simply might be experiencing a rare, random bug where Unity simply doesn't load your CPU/GPU high enough. Does the framerate and usage% drop over time? Like start out playable then decrease the longer you play? If so, it could be that bug (which as I understand is simply unfixable and happens to random people). Though in this instance I would lean towards the former possibilities.
Oh yes absolutely. That thing is very inappropriate for that CPU. That heatsink you linked is designed for low-power home theater PCs where space is very tight. 82watts TDP max. The AMD FX 8350 is a 125watt TDP chip. If anything, the stock CPU cooler would've been better. Only thing that confuses me here, is the specs listed for that cooler say it's intended for Intel socket 115X, not AM3+ compatible. Are you sure that's the exact model? For replacements, I'd recommend Noctua NH-L12S, or even better the Noctua NH-C14S. With the latter being more than capable of dissipating 125watts (rated for 140watts).
What's wrong with it? Caves have designated places you can build inside of them (and block the tunnels). Something I'm missing here?
Yeah, really difficult to determine what cooler they are using. But those temps are pretty bad none the less. My guess is because you upgraded the CPU to one that needs more cooling. I'd take a look at the coolers I mentioned, those should do the trick.
That's intentional. There's building areas inside the cave so someone can take it over and live inside of it with a base.
I can comment on whatever the fuck I want :D This ain't your internet.
Yeah, I see. Then it might be a good solution to have the door manipulators be switchable in the way you describe.
Yes, people can activate your switches without building priv.
Nice not-so-veiled server advertisement.
More accurate title: Zerg offline raiding another zerg, as captured by a camera phone from 2003 with some 12 year old rapping in the background.
You can always go to one of the many creative servers that let you test out electricity. The one I have been using spawns you with 1k of every electricity item and 100k building resources.
ElvUI, the chat module for it is basically prat.
Wtf is a windmole?
You know what would be really fucking cool? If Facepunch made the power lines functional, and people could use them to transmit publicly accessible power and such.
Certain tiers of workbench are required to craft certain tiers of items. Similarly, a higher tier workbench than the one required to craft the item will give a proportionately faster crafting time bonus. They can also be used to spend scrap to "experiment" for a random blueprint corresponding to the tier of the workbench.
The sounds for the M39 aren't final yet.
I'd say all of it. GPU will be the biggest upgrade even with your 930 holding it back, but if you could only upgrade one component now, I'd go for a GPU. Then CPU/RAM as soon as you can since if you use any modern CPU 7th+ gen Intel Core or 1st+ gen AMD Ryzen you will be required to use DDR4 RAM. Your RAM is only DDR3 and will not be compatible. Also, if you don't have one yet, get an SSD, you will not regret it.
Helk has mentioned the possibility, but not yet implemented.
They do not affect the strength of the wall they are attached to whatsoever.
The only time you're going to get people with a water pipe from any distance past about 5 meters, is if you have slugs loaded. Otherwise they might as well be rocksalt launchers. If you aim it well, though, waterpipe with slugs are a poor-man's bolty. But I'd just as soon say stick to revolver and bow.
Yep
16GB should cover you, and it is the recommended configuration. More if you can afford it. More RAM never hurts (except your wallet).
Oh nice! I'd like it a lot more if there was F1 give/spawn menu access so I could use items that require blueprints to do a fully-fledged build.
In the devblog, he said that the electricity we have now is just a foundation for things to come. He mentioned loot sorting and transferring, crafting machines, etc.
How would it introduce any more lag than any other vehicle with parented movement? In this case it would be static to the elevator frame and move slowly. Lock the shaft/frame and the elevator carriage behind Tier 3 blueprints.
Attaching turrets to it would be dope. Drop-down or pop-up turret pods.
Or the garage/armored doors at every stop :3
Yeah you were dead as far as the server was concerned, so your second shot was invalidated.
[BUG?] Aimcone on M39 is atrocious. Was using a 4x scope and the reactive targets to test, shooting slowly, not even a single shot hit where the crosshairs were pointing. This was only from a small distance away, maybe 50 meters.
Yeah, it's a bug currently.
Get rekt cheater.
Bucket helmet stats are such garbage, how can you even remotely consider it an advantage?
The lack of BP wipe only affects Officials. If you want a BP wipe, go find any other server that wipes them more often. It's been said before the Helk really only intends for people to go through the blueprint grind once.
There was an update recently, so one possible explanation is that the servers you were playing on haven't installed the update yet, thus your game versions aren't syncing up.
Why is it that these videos always have some fucking 12 year old rapping over it? Just play the fucking comms audio with some background music. Like I'd want to watch it, but I have to mute the garbage "music" and then it's just boring without any audio.
That would be awesome :D It's not like the elevator couldn't be blown up too, like strength of an armored door or something.
wtf is this post even?
GG Helk. Keep up the good work, many of us are excited for what is to come!
Your setup is a bit weak for this game. Make sure your 1050 is the primary display adapter in use. Though you probably need more RAM, 8GB really isn't a lot, and single channel is halving your memory bandwidth. On top of that you're working with a 5400 RPM laptop hard drive. It's really not going to be good enough.
Yes, cheaters are that rampant. I've been playing for 3 years. Those kinds of people shouldn't be given a platform to spout their toxic shit, I shouldn't have to not be able to chat with people just to avoid seeing "N****R" spammed every 3 fucking seconds.
You were dead 0.1 seconds BEFORE you shot. So as the server sees it, you shouldn't have been able to shoot at all, hence why it invalidated your shots. Your local simulation of the game is superseded by the server's simulation. Welcome to the laws of Physics.
I mean.. items have a despawn timer depending on how good the item is. Sulfur I believe takes some 40 minutes to despawn. Are you saying you couldn't get the raid done in that period of time? The whole reason for them increasing the despawn timers for items was to combat despawning during an online raid.
I can attest to this. Last wipe my TC ate HQM twice, destroyed it and replaced it, didn't happen again for the rest of the wipe (2 weeks).
There's plenty you can do to counter this. Bring more explosives, have people watching the breach so they can't repair, prioritize finding and destroying beds/bags. Online raids can't be approached in the same way as an offline raid, where your only goal is to get to the loot as efficiently as possible. You have to worry about shutting down the base owners first and foremost, before you ever give two fucks about loot. The things they are doing to defend are largely the only thing they can do, they are stuck in their base that's crumbling around them with a bunch of angry nerds outside with AKs. What else are they supposed to do? Sit there and just let you blow in without any kind of dynamic obstacles? Are you advocating that you should always win an online raid no matter what? There's a thing in game design, it's called counter-play. Look it up.
Also has been built into World Quest List for months, under the "T" tab.
Can't chain root combiners.
I think it just has the positions, the loot lock tracking works for the smaller ones but not the bigger ones from what I can tell. All I really wanted was the positions for where they spawn so it was just an added bonus for me for an addon I already use for world quests in general.
Yes, use a half-lowered foundation with shelves and a low wall/half wall slit. Boxes will fall to the bottom when broken and out of reach.
Absolute champion. GG
You can comfortably fit 7 large boxes into a 1x1 loot room, so I'd say that it would be a waste to use them. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gIsNXMYdnVk
Interesting, but can you access it all easily?
What is the issue you're having?
lol this is dumb.
You'll need to uninstall EasyAntiCheat from your programs list. It's likely a broken installation. EAC installs a usermode kernel driver, which if it isn't working, will cause a blue screen crash as any other driver would. This is a normal behavior of the Windows kernel so don't worry about your PC being harmed by it. When you launch Rust again I believe it will prompt to reinstall the EAC service.
But what is the issue more specifically? What are you connecting to what, what are you expecting to happen?
When you open rust do you have the "Windowed" option checked on the launcher?
I used the web based rcon that connects over websocket (from your browser to your server, assuming webrcon is enabled in the Rust server configuration and the port is accessible), made by Facepunch. http://facepunch.github.io/webrcon/#/home
I don't think roof camping is a thing that needs to be "fixed'. Yes it's a unsavory thing for people to do, but this is a sandbox. I'm against anything that takes away from the free will for people to do what they want with the tools the game gives them. If that means that someone wants to sit in a tower and snipe people, then so fuckin' be it. They shouldn't be given extra tedium to accomplish it just because people dislike being on the receiving end of it. Same thing for zergs, yes they shit on smaller groups and solos, but that's to be expected when you have 15-20 people. It shouldn't be a fair fight because it isn't. If you don't like a roof camper, go fucking raid him.
Good news. From Helk on the Dev Blog: &gt; Moving forward, I'm going to add a lot more components which will let people do things such as move inventory items around for automatic sorters or to collect loot from failed raid attempts. Factory type deployables are a must. The list goes on and on.
Buy Fortify on steam for 99 cents, it's great. Also, you can use Creative Build servers that give you free resources, and you can noclip around undisturbed to build bases.
You basically came back when the game is on fire and the community is un uproar because Blizzard is now a corpse puppet being animated by Activision financial executives. Most of the old guard has left the company, Mike Morhaime retired as CEO, and the game has never been more disappointing. That being said, I don't really play tank or heal so I don't have a good enough perspective on that to give you a sufficient answer. I see Monk(new class) and Death Knight tanks doing pretty well.
It will run, but not really that great. Your CPU is pretty bad and your GPU is nearly bare-minimum. Good enough RAM though. Hope you have an SSD for the load times.
I'll sometimes use Fortify on my second monitor when I'm already in Rust to test out a build idea before I pull the trigger, and get the exact resources I need to farm to make it happen.
It would also punish people who roam with bolty/L96 and don't roof camp. You're advocating making them have to spend what is effectively a beancan grenade worth of GP and frags for a bullet that is only marginally bigger (.223cal vs .30cal). Literally a couple of millimeters diameter bigger bullet, and 1.85ml vs 2.31ml max load gunpowder volume in the cartridge. Even if they did introduce a 7.62 bullet (which I've actually always wanted for sake of furthering immersion), it would only maybe need as much resources to craft as a HV 5.56. I honestly think they should for use 7.62 in the AK, M39 and L96 (even though L96 actually uses .338 lapua, 7.62 would be closer to realistic than a 5.56 would which is over a full 3 millimeters smaller diameter round), whereas the SAR, Bolty, and LR-300 should stick to using 5.56. Just not 20x the gunpowder to craft.
At least you won't get banned when they mass banwave everyone they've caught using them.
Correct.
Yes, 100%
Not yet, supposedly this is fixed on staging and will come with the holiday-enabling patch tomorrow according to a recent reply I received from Helk. Root combiners will be able to be chained again so you can attach more than 2 panels to a battery.
If I'm remembering correctly, if you hold G to open the map then right click, I believe it lets you draw on it? I haven't tried it in a while so I don't know for sure.
I saw [this one](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gfgCqDb6PdY) posted earlier today. Also, Helk is changing batteries a bit so they have a higher charge efficiency but hold less charge overall, so that might help with that issue. Some recent commits (that should be going live with tomorrow's Xmas patch): - batteries have less capacity but higher charge efficiency - fixed batteries not being able to be wired in series - root combiner can be stacked with other root combiners - lowered solar panel power output to 20
Sounds like a good idea, though isn't that what the grids are for in a way?
Rust currently runs on DX11, DX12 was attempted but it was buggy and scrapped for the time being.
True. I wouldn't disagree at all with adding a group marker to the map. I also wouldn't mind a 3d-marker like in Rainbow 6 Siege you can point at stuff to your group temporarily.
As of this comment it has 91 upvotes, 100% upvoted, what do you mean?
"Fantastic" is literally just shader level. It takes nothing else into account such as mesh detail, render distance, post processing, etc etc etc.
So you're playing in Exclusive Fullscreen, which is why it is locking up when you alt-tab. If you check that box, you'll be in Borderless Windowed mode, which will allow you to freely alt-tab, but will run slightly worse than Exclusive Fullscreen mode.
Play at least 30mins of Clatter I believe.
30 FPS at 1080p, ooooof I refuse to play any game below 60, even then the input lag is still very noticeable. 100+ or bust.
New skins are posted to the shop (usually) every Thursday afternoon (NA timezones). From then on, those skins will only ever be available through community marketplace trades.
You may have to redo this post after tomorrow, some changes and tweaks coming to Electricity system in terms of power usage, battery charging efficiency and capacity, root combiners being chainable, etc.
It is indeed random with your player model.
Have you tried Rustafied/Rustopia/Rusty Moose? Those servers are some of the sweattiest.
Have you restarted your computer since you received this error?
Are you running an Insider build of Windows 10? If so, you're basically running on an Alpha version of Windows, very much a poor choice if you are determined to have a stable computing experience.
Based on specs/price alone, I would recommend the [ASUS Rog Zephyrus S](https://www.amazon.com/Zephyrus-IPS-Type-Processor-Military-grade-GX531GS-AH76/dp/B07G5Z9H8R/). It's a little over budget for what you mentioned, but it has a 512GB NVMe SSD, and a 1070 Max-Q GPU which should be able to handle basically any game at fairly high to highest settings. It also includes a 17.3inch 144Hz 1080p IPS display. For the price, it has quite monster specs from a good brand. A cheaper alternative would be the [MSI GP63 Leopard-602 Essential](https://www.amazon.com/GP63-Leopard-602-Essential-i7-8750H-Windows/dp/B07G4GLWHZ/) 16GB ($100 more for 32GB model) RAM, 500GB NVMe SSD. 1060-6GB GPU. 15.6inch, 120Hz TN panel display (not as high quality color/viewing angle as IPS panel). Not quite as much of a fan of MSI in terms of customer support as I am of ASUS, but for the price it's a very good option.
Most gaming laptops around $1000 will at most come with a 1060-6GB mobile GPU. That GPU is about ~145% performance of a 960M (next step down would be a 1050ti mobile, which is only around ~50% faster than your 960M). Though your CPU is going to be fairly important as well. Find one that has an intel quad core (-HQ at the end of the CPU model), as the other CPUs will be dual-core and fairly limiting. The [Acer Predator Helios 300](https://www.amazon.com/Acer-Predator-i7-7700HQ-1060-6GB-G3-571-77QK/dp/B06Y4GZS9C) is slightly over $1000, but will do the job. 256GB SSD + 1TB HDD, 16GB of RAM, 1060 GPU, i7-7700HQ quad core with hyper-threading. This one will blow your current dell out of the water hands-down.
It might make it a bit more stable, but the 1060-6GB Mobile GPU is far more than double the performance of your 960M. Might not make sense to waste the money on a RAM upgrade only to find that it's only a marginal improvement.
It depends on the gun firing the round itself. The damage values are the same for the Pump/Double Barrel/Waterpipe for the shell types, but the spread/aimcone differ. The SPAS-12 has lower damage over all (due to the much faster fire rate). Buckshot will be the highest primary upfront damage potential overall, but obviously Incendiary has the extra advantage of moderate area denial and the secondary damage of the persistent sparks. If your main concern is raw impact damage of the pellets, buckshot has the highest damage potential (all pellets connecting, close range fire). If your concern is damage application at medium range, go with Slugs (as there's no partial damage due to pellet spread). If you want an extra tactical advantage on targets in close quarters, Incendiary's sparks have area denial, do moderate damage, and the psychological impact of big flash of flames and sparks can disrupt concentration in those scenarios.. [Waterpipe Shotgun](https://rustlabs.com/item/waterpipe-shotgun#tab=damage;sort=1,0,2) [Double Barrel Shotgun](https://rustlabs.com/item/double-barrel-shotgun#tab=damage;sort=1,0,3) [Pump Shotgun](https://rustlabs.com/item/pump-shotgun#tab=damage;sort=1,0,3) [SPAS-12 Shotgun](https://rustlabs.com/item/spas-12-shotgun#tab=damage;sort=1,0,2)
Only barely better at this point.
Yes, though it would be kind of reversed. The door controllers close an open door when the power fed to is is "off". So the main issue is, first the door controller has to open the doors first at some point when power is fed to it. The switch would then be flipped "off", and the open door(s) will close. It would be nice if there was a way to set a door controller specifically to only operate in one state, controllable with a toggle. To set a door controller to be only able to close, only able to open, or both open/close.
Use /r/playrustlfg
You can already do this with the existing workbench experimentation. Most electrical components are experimented via the Level 1 workbench, with a few from the Level 2 workbench (Wind Turbine, Large Battery, AND Switch, and Counter).
That is true.
No prob.
Use /r/playrustlfg
That leads me to believe that either the fps.limit is enabled, your monitor refresh rate is set too low in conjunction with nvidia 3d-settings enabled vsync, or it's some kind of software interaction (Windows 10 game bar/steam overlay/discord overlay/etc). Other possibilities include your CPU/GPU not clocking up to it's proper speed due to power management profiles/issues, excessive thermal throttling, or you mistakenly are rendering via integrated graphics not your 1080.
Dell support is ass, you might as well go talk to a local shop. (AVOID GEEKSQUAD).
They will probably ship it out to a central depot for repair which is why they often will estimate multiple weeks turnaround), are typically completely brainless, and generally scummy big corporation. They have also been caught actively searching through people's data, including deleted data, to try and find incriminating evidence to report to the FBI because of a $500 kickback reward to the person who finds any.
PM me what city you live in I'll see if I can help find a place.
1:9999
&gt; Lastly this is for the Logic gates using power and 2 root combiners not working together, This makes no sense, energy cannot just disappear, it will always be transferred to another type. a large battery powered by 1-2 windmills should not be drained by a gate with 3 LED lights, but thats just my opinion (im sure it was done for balancing reasons but i cant see them) According to Helk, most of that is going to be addressed/fixed in Thursday's Xmas-enabling update (and already on staging).
Rule 3 dude
Look up "peeker's advantage".
Curious, did you really just reply to your own comment reply on your own post?
Yes, that would be an AND gate. (Both inputs on = output on)
Not yet? But it will be later today. In the meantime, check out [this post](https://www.reddit.com/r/playrust/comments/a5kh75/how_to_get_electricity_in_a_cave_sosigexe/) from yesterday, might be of use to you as a cave dweller.
That's a sexy double barrel hot damn. Probably the only one of these skins I'd buy.
EAC is shit.
If you really want to be a good sport: take his stuff, destroy TC (if locked), put down a new TC if needed and a locked door, then put the code to the door in a note and leave it on his body.
They are only available for the Halloween event (or if your server owner decides to put them in the drop tables), they are not a craftable item or purchasable skin.
I would've gone for the snow machine, but what it does and for how much it costs it's not really worth it. Maybe if the snow area was MUCH bigger or something, or it tied into electricity in some way. But almost 8 bucks is a bit overpriced. 4.99 would've been a bit more appealing.
Maybe just run native resolution with exclusive window mode instead?
Try setting your `fps.limit` to like 10 or something and see if that works.
No prob.
Don't know, I'm not buying it.
I read in a few places that restarting your computer can make it go away.
I like it.
Probably wait for Oxide to fix for the update?
Random generation is random?
Maybe this means they'll actually fuckin' moderate/administer the thing, ban cheaters and toxic racists, etc?
Nice repost.
Possibly you could run the game at native resolution, and use a [custom Nvidia DSR setting](https://www.deadendthrills.com/forum/discussion/504/how-to-custom-aspect-ratios-and-resolutions-via-dsr-nvidia-only) to run the framebuffer at the non-native resolution which would sample scale it to your native resolution?
Here you go https://www.reddit.com/r/playrust/comments/a43wrm/tier_1_cars/
I know, I know... I can dream can't I?
Thanks for being civil. I browse new on this subreddit quite a lot to fill my downtime at work (IT job), I see basically everything that gets posted here.
I believe you're talking about the Tempered AK. Perhaps check your trade history to see if maybe your skin was stolen by account thieves? https://support.steampowered.com/kb_article.php?ref=4841-YKCM-0427
If it was $4.99 I wouldn't have thought twice about it.
HQM bug, it's very much a known issue and apparently really hard to track down the cause. Destroy and replace your TC and it shouldn't occur again for that base.
I've observed that streamers, by in large, are typically too busy streaming to know these mechanics in great detail while people who watch them simultaneously put too much faith in what the streamers proclaim.
I take it you haven't logged in and seen an airdrop fly over since the update today.
Your post was invalidated and not worth continuing to read at this moment: &gt; Garry's stupid additions to the game. Garry doesn't work on Rust anymore, it's Helk's game. Demonstrating you know jack fuck all about the thing you are supposedly "criticizing". Also, how the fuck are you going to say: &gt; This is a criticism thread, not a place to be salty that you can complain... (con't) Then go calling shit stupid?
$5.99 if I recall correctly. (EDIT: Confirmed by looking back at [Rustafied's news post](https://www.rustafied.com/updates/2018/10/18/rust-halloween-is-here) about the Halloween update.)
&gt; I couldn't find any tutorials for lights that would automatically turn on at night That's effectively 80% of the tutorials that exist and that are posted to this subreddit. You really mustn't've looked very hard. :P But hey, not trying to rain on your parade, good work for figuring it out on your own!
Could be scammers trying to unload, or people bored with the item trying to get rid of it.
I really hope that this is actually fixed and not a dream.
I'm a programmer so I'd definitely be interested in knowing how they fucked up.
Why not just shut down AHK while not using it?
I've disassembled Rust's code for Oxide plugin development purposes and it isn't all that complex. It's C#, it's easy to read, and Visual Studio does a good job with its AST to smartly inspect and navigate you through the logic.
You don't read the rules so good.
Old news buddy. This was hotfixed on Monday.
Loot boxes bro. Gotta have loot boxes. Same as with Overwatch, if they'd just put the fucking cosmetics as a flat price I can simply pay for, then I'd be dropping money all over it. No, you either gamble your money hoping you get the 1 out of 1000 things you actually want, or grind for days for the same thing. Activision and every other AAA game developer is fucking ruining gaming with their monetization schemes. Blizzard isn't the same company they used to be. They should just give up the old Blizzard name and go by the Activision moniker they actually are. It's a corpse of our once beloved game company being puppeted by Activision financial minders and it makes me fucking sick.
So fucking what? Stop trying to put people down that they would have no understanding about things, it's a gross, baseless assumption and makes you look like an asshole to presume someone's ability to understand like some kind of shithead straight outta /r/iamverysmart.
Rule 2 mang.
Sweeeeeet!
Fair enough, and thanks for your hard work in tracking down this little bastard of a bug.
With the continued shittification of the AAA gaming sphere; with every major game company out there ruining the enjoyment of games over the need to incessantly monetize and demonstrate profit growth to shareholders; I can honestly say that Facepunch is my one true hope of there being an honest, passionate, player-centric game company that takes risks, owns up to mistakes, and participates in their community. Thanks for your dedication, hard work, and willingness to overlook some of the more toxic and whiny aspects of the community to continue to deliver on a unique game that we love to hate and hate to love. Stay real Facepunch!
I think the Timer needs to be powered statically, and there's a separate input to trigger it. So maybe you need to use a branch from the power to the timer and the pad, pad into the toggle input on the timer, timer output to the door controller.
I don't think that's really going to be the case. Since if you have constant power to A, then put power into B, then the output is effectively going to be equivalent to whatever B is at the time. I think what you mean is a XOR gate. Since it will operate as you describe. Keeping A powered constantly will make the output the inverse of whatever you put into B. Input A|Input B|Output :-:|:-:|:-: Off | Off | Off Off | **On** | **On** **On** | Off | **On** **On** | **On** | Off
Maybe try the circuit on a Electric Avenue build server and see if perhaps it's an issue with electricity on the server you are playing on? It sounds like you've got it right to me. Maybe replace the door controller with a light instead, to test to see if it's actually sending the signal (perhaps the door controller isn't paired afterall?)
Yeah, decoy bases/compounds with no loot and expensive-to-raid designs are great as a distraction from an actual "main" base that is more inconspicuous and shitty looking.
Or just break the frame not the door.
I posted it for more visibility due to a toxic individual who was naysaying and downvoting the reuqest, not thinking that FP would've seen a sub-comment of a post, but I was obviously wrong. But hey, think what you want.
Maybe you should read the rules.
Also to add to that, if you upgrade a wall that is beyond the demolish grace period, you have a renewed opportunity to rotate the wall to the correct orientation.
I've in the past advocated an EvE-esque vulnerability window/reinforcement system. Though it might be best implemented as a mod, since I doubt it would be very popular among many of the current community of players and their expected meta.
I posted it a short while before I ever saw Helk had replied to the original comment. So take your tinfoil accusations elsewhere chap.
Colloquially known as "desync". Are you playing via WiFi by any chance?
It is indeed quite an issue. Wifi is a factor of 10 more lossy than Ethernet, especially true when operating under the typical 2.4Ghz spectrum. Doing so often will increase your latency by as much as 20-30ms just talking between your computer and your access point. Don't take my expertise-backed word for it. Here's an [entire writeup](https://na.leagueoflegends.com/en/page/ethernet-vs-wifi-ping-packets-playing-better) by League of Legends on the matter with actual data and graphs that clearly demonstrate WiFi as being detrimental to gaming performance. Bare in mind, that LoL is a game that has a MUCH LOWER data rate than Rust. As it operates on click-to-move server side pathing inputs and highly optimized netcode honed over years of multi-million-dollar stake esports battle-testing and billions of dollars of funding, whereas Rust is a realtime first person shooter that uses old RakNet-style home-grown UDP-based RPC protocol, with side-channels that constantly are downloading new map data, written by a few independent developers that are keen on not wearing pants to work (not that there's anything wrong with that, Garry :P) Playing on WiFi is setting yourself up for failure. I wouldn't bother complaining about desyncs when you are putting yourself at a technological disadvantage. The solution is simple, use Ethernet.
Again, I posted this shortly BEFORE Helk responded to your original comment, the hell don't you understand about that? lol why is this such a big fucking deal?
FP gets a cut of the initial sale of a skin on the item store, what happens to it after that is of no benefit to them. What are you even smoking?
They can't do much about it because of a handy little law called "First Sale Doctrine". Valve already has the money in the first place, so it doesn't change anything for them. Steam wallet balance (what you get when you sell a skin on the community market) is already Valve's money so what major incentive is there for them to fight it? It's also not against their policy to begin with. The only stance they have on it is that you're on your own if you get scammed.
&gt; WHY WOULD THEY ALLOW USERS TO TRADE AND SELL THEIR PRODUCTS ON BLACK MARKETS AND UNDERCUT THEIR OWN PROFITS WHEN THEY COULD EASILY STOP IT Again. First Sale Doctrine law. It's also not against their policy to sell skins outside of Steam's market system. They just won't do anything to help you if you get ripped off. How do you suspect they're getting a cut from a third-party site? Back room shady deals? /r/conspiracy is calling you.
Facepunch has no skin in the game (pun intended). Facepunch gets money exactly once from a skin, the initial sale. Valve gets money any time someone sells that skin via their community marketplace. So after the skin is sold from the Item Store, it's out of their hands. The people you need to be autistically screeching at is Valve and their policy of being hands-off when it comes to what people do with their digital goods and third-party sale. Valve doesn't benefit from those sales either. Everything that takes place with gambling sites is completely separate from Steam/Facepunch insofar as monetary benefit.
The rumor is that there's a separate development team currently working to port the game to console.
Did you take them off with a hammer prior to putting them back onto the window?
Those specs are listed on the recommended specs by the game developers (they actually recommend a 980).
Your description put WiFi issue as the first thing that came to mind. The way WiFi works is that it is a one-at-a-time protocol. All devices on a channel coordinate their transmissions so that only one radio is "talking" at any given moment. Which means that your packets can sometimes stack up while waiting for their turn. But since it's UDP, they have no guarantee of delivery whatsoever. So if a transmission gets garbled and a sizeable amount of packets were lost, then the server and your game are out of synchronization. Hence why what's happening in your game isn't reflected by others or vise versa. This can happen in either direction, it can also happen at any point in the chain between you and the server. A route changeover due to congestion (since UDP is stateless, congestion rerouting measures may completely ignore the fact that you're in an active connection with another host), flapping interlinks, even the server itself having issue with an I/O buffer. That's simply the nature of a streaming protocol that makes no guarantees of delivery (UDP). So really, even the use of Ethernet doesn't make you immune to this issue, however, it gives you **HUGELY** better chances of your connection being stable than WiFi ever could hope to be.
8GB of RAM is your primary issue. Ryzen 3 is below recommended specs (They recommend at least Ryzen 5 if you're of the AMD proclivity), GPU is on the low side as well. Not sure what you were expecting trying to play a game with optimization issues on a low-end PC.
80FPS is basically all this game can run stable at even with good specs. Something is wrong with Rust. I used to run 150 FPS a few patches ago.
Open an Administrative command prompt. Run the command: `sfc /scannow` and reboot. See if that helps.
My guild is dead, couldn't make it halfway through mythic progression, members unsubbing. Now I'm unsubbing for the first time in 14 years of playing this game. There's just nothing that interests me to do in the game anymore. The rewards are all fleeting slot machine bullshit designed to try and keep me arbitrarily playing the game rather than actually having fun and playing an MMO RPG. This game has gotten me through a lot of hard times in my life, as an escape from it. I fear without my once reliable outlet I won't have much standing in the way of the crushing depression that I was able to ignore by immersing myself in Azeroth with friends. The friends are gone playing other games I don't like, the game is completely unappealing, and I fear that nothing will ever improve. Developers don't give two fucks about the players or the game anymore. Only about increasing playtime and activity metrics to lay on the altar to the shareholders as tribute to their unending quest for profit at all costs. The religion of growth, stock price, and being at the top or nothing at all rather than just being successfully profitable. A cancer that has all but destroyed the joy of gaming and turned it into another means to milk consumers. The company I once was a fan of is no more. Blizzard is but a corpse being puppeteered by Activision-planted CFO and a stand-in president (Jay Allen Brack, Mr. "You think you do but you don't" himself). Morhaime's departure was the final nail in the coffin after Blizzard's soul had already died years ago. There is no Blizzard, only Activision now.
One alternative way is making an inner core loot bunker that has no doors at all, and you just spawn inside of it with a bag/bed while transferring loot via drop boxes planted in the walls. Otherwise, the window method isn't any stronger than if you were just using an armored door, but it does have the advantage of not requiring you to have armored doors learned or using HQM for crafting/upkeep. On top of that, the window design with half-height walls and a floor are no longer "unlootable". Recent changes to how the dropped bag spawns when a chest is destroyed effectively nullified those form of loot rooms. The current "unlootable" meta is using a sunken foundation with boxes on the top and middle shelf, accessed through a low wall/half wall slit. This has the effect that when the locked boxes are broken, the loot bags fall to the floor out of sight. They aren't perfect however, as if one times the box breaking just right the bag can be interacted with as it's falling to allow access to the contents even while it falls out of sight. It's tricky but possible.
How much RAM do you have?
As it stands, this is a feature of Steam that isn't yet offered, but is in their issue tracker with lots of support for it being added. Your best bet is to just install the Windows version Steam via Lutris or what have you and run it that way. Shouldn't really be much different (Proton is just Valve's fork of Wine, and with some effort you can get Lutris to launch using Proton standalone).
It can be tricky, like I said, but I saw someone do it successfully in video clip. Though don't ask me to find it because I have no clue where I saw it. It was linked in a comment on a thread somewhere on this subreddit a few weeks ago.
I haven't purchased a AAA game in 3 years (WoW expacs notwithstanding). They're all awful. I've effectively taken up a boycott against every major AAA corporation. I'm basically just trying to squeeze enjoyment out of the roster of games I've already owned for the last 6-7 years as they fall into obscurity and disrepair. Investor greed and corporate religion of growth and stock price has outright killed gaming for me. For the first time in my life I'm actually just considering quitting gaming all together. Which is kind of a scary prospect for me because gaming has been the bulwark against bitter depression. It's been my primary escape for at least the last 20 years.
He's very much right on the fucking nose a lot of the time, I just so happen to very much enjoy his sense of humor and colorful expression of his criticism. It seems only a brit can convey the thoughts I've also had as eloquently and colorfully as they do and get away with it. Probably why I was such a fan of TotalBiscuit (R.I.P.) in similar fashion.
The future of massive profit **IS** on Mobile, because they can milk the Asian market which is only a minor percentage of the Asian population, but still greatly outnumbers the rest of the world's gaming consumers combined. On top of that they eat up every piece of garbage mobile product thrown at it with ravenous, piranha-esque voracity. We, of the west, are old news; tapped out; dried up; abused into frustration. The financially interested parties have their willys hard as diamond for the potential reaping that's available in the East.
THIS THREAD MUST BE PURGED, FOR THE EMPRAH!!
Still complaining about that file? Have you already attempted to remove/reinstall EAC itself?
8GB of RAM is probably your issue.
It's recommended to have 16GB now, and most people have been running into issues with 8GB for a long time now. The game simply takes up too much RAM in addition to what your system and background processes are already consuming, and so you're likely hitting pagefile which is abysmally slow.
Not sure then, perhaps contact [Facepunch support](https://support.facepunchstudios.com/hc/en-us/requests/new).
Pagefile is a technical thing where if your RAM is too full it starts using your hard drive as virtual RAM (but hard drives, even the fastest SSDs, are hundreds of times slower than RAM).
Bandana mask is an item that needs to be in your Steam inventory to be able to craft (random drop item). You can also loot them from Barrels and Primitive Crates. Buying a skin for the Bandana mask also unlocks it for crafting (cheapo one for like 8 cents on community market).
Yes, there was a more recent update (yesterday) that contained the fix for the TC bug.
I agree, it's apart of the game. It can suck to be on the wrong side of it, but it's a valid playstyle. As far as the admin goes, at the end of the day it's their server, but I'd consider it Admin abuse (specially if it wasn't a specifically posted rule) and wouldn't return to their server.
More entertaining Rust content than 90% of the garbage videos that get posted here on the daily. Quality shitpost. Short, sweet, comedic.
I wouldn't mention the server name, it's against the subreddit rules to call out servers for admin abuse.
Is that the Corsair Vengeance K70?
Why not just use an OR gate?
Yes they do. but they don't add the power input numbers together for output like root combiners as far as I know. Still works to combine two into one, since if either input is on, the output is on.
Yeah, not possible. Root combiners only accept power input from root sources of power (batteries, turbine, solar panels). You can now chain them again, however, so you can combine 4 batteries down to 1 power source with 3 root combiners and put a blocker after that.
yup
This is normal, you just happened to catch the TC during an upkeep processing. Coincidental timing that's all.
Not gonna have a good time with that laptop, sorry. Goodluck.
It's using laptop parts, so. Easy to mistake that based on your listing of them alone. In either case, it's very much not going to run well.
16GB will give you a chance, but your GPU is pretty weak, and CPU is below minimum specs.
You're the best!
Very interesting, I had never made the connection between the repair bench and this. Was it possible to occur with other people's repair benches on the server and that memory being freed to the pool, or only the one deployed to the same base as the TC?
I suspect that given that the memory is shared for a whole server, that any repair bench on the server could've been the culprit. Though I'm not 100% sure about that obviously.
Ryzen 3 is still below specs. They recommend at least a Ryzen 5. 1060 will work, though I would caution you against the 3GB model, it's notably slower than the 6GB model (they use a slightly different chip in addition to the lower memory capacity).
That almost sounds as if it's related to the repair thing, I've seen that before as well. Is it still happening since this fix?
I would understand this as being caused by any repair bench on the server, since it's the server's memory that's being affected here. Not just one in your base.
As far as I know any one given segment of wire can be 30meters long. I also think you can extend it via putting a component in the way. I think the way they balance this is that the wire itself consumes some of the power based on distance.
You can also re-skin an existing item you have a skin for by using a repair bench.
Yes, any item that has a skin, of course assuming you have the skin in your Steam inventory also.
That's the thing, it's basically one in the same. Maybe it's related to some ancient past where we were hunter gatherers and we're just hardwired for it. Who knows, I'm not a psychologist or biologist.
Wrong subreddit chucklehead.
Yeah it does. It tells you exactly how much sulfur.
They edited their post with completely different specs that were MUCH worse than what they currently asking about.
Then you use this: https://rustlabs.com/craft-calculator
5/7, would raid immediately to spare the server the pain of having to walk by it and possibly catch more than a passing glimpse.
They need someone to take over for Sylvy leading the Forsaken once Activision ham-fistedly railroad her into her raidboss status.
Did well man, good varied choice of music, editing was solid. Not much time wasted on boring shit. Told a coherent story with good gameplay until the end when it kind of just ended without any exciting climax. I appreciated that it was mostly sans any voice comms, it kind of gave it a bit of a lonely feeling to it. Fitting that you were solo. Also, the portion during and after the C4 raid with the music going through a lowpass then back to full spectrum seemingly at random. I understood the hits you were trying to make with it, but the execution was a bit poor. Also, that C4 raid wasn't really all to write home about in terms of profit.
The chronological order is definitely something you have going well for you. Perhaps it might've made sense to end the part 1 more quickly after the second raid, with a shorter montage of upgrading with the resources you got. It kind of lingered a bit and lost the energy toward the end. That's just my opinion of course. But it's not a bad video. I see tons of really shit content posted here every day so, cudos.
Rule 2, try /r/playrustlfg
They should be able to see the server you are playing on via Steam friends and click "Join Game" I believe.
And this is why Helk needs to change the TC anti-grief to maintain the building priv after TC is destroyed for the duration of the anti-grief upkeep purchased. The "anti-grief" upkeep is of no fucking use when they just seal the base so the owner can't reinhabit it.
Not sure why you're being downvoted and the other commenter is being upvoted when he's completely wrong. You can't drag into any Locker slot, so there's just a wasted slot now that it's 7 slots long.
I called it, though. People gave me such shit and downvoted me to hell for saying that Bethesda's shit programmers wouldn't be able to deliver a stable product. Low and behold... lol.
He's saying the restriction of the mount isn't fun and too limiting, especially for people who did the quest with randoms or don't have many friends in-game. That to lift that restriction would enhance the fun, not nerf it. Maybe read the post?
Can't one just use flame arrows or flame thrower to splash fire damage at the bottom corner of that roof to break the twig underneath?
Bethesda fucked their own reputation up by themselves by being completely over-the-top greedy while delivering broken products in the most incompetent way possible.
Last time I checked mine were working fine, probably a bug.
Uhhhh no shit? How is your comment at all relevant? The Lockers were extended to 7 slots to accommodate the new 7th clothing slot. This also extended the Hotbar row in the Locker, but we can't store anything in that extra slot because the Hotbar only holds 6 items and dragging into the Locker to fill the 7th slot isn't possible (just as it isn't possible to drag anything into any Locker slot). So OP is asking if a 7th slot can be added to the Hotbar as well so the 7th slot in Lockers isn't going to waste. Y'all have reading comprehension difficulties.
Landmine explosions can set off other landmines if they are too close to each other.
Probably an animal walked over them.
Don't forget one of [these](https://www.ebay.com/p/Gear-Head-AU2200BN-Black-Neckband-Headsets/136031767?iid=254002254789&amp;chn=ps) so they can screech in the lowest quality possible.
Triangle frame too, triangle ladder hatch, and a wall-frame window insert that is a full-height bulletproof glass window. Then make all frame-inserts (wall and floor) pickup-able with building hammer. Thanks Helk &lt;3
7.3.5 even ran better (performance wise). I have old clips where I can see my FPS indicator pegged at 165FPS (where I capped it for my refresh rate) while world PvPing in Argus. Multi-threading optimizations or not, BfA made WoW run worse.
Might want to submit a service request rather than post about it on an unofficial community forum. https://support.facepunchstudios.com/hc/en-us/requests/new
Why are you reposting this again? Didn't get the reception you wanted the first time?
Speaking of rules, have you taken a gander at Rule #3 over there on the sidebar? ----&gt;
16GB of RAM and an SSD is a must. I'd go for a GTX 1070 if you can swing it, GTX 1060-6GB at minimum. 8th Gen Intel i5/i7 or 2nd Gen AMD Ryzen 5/7
Not sure you realize what kind of stuck he means. It's stuck in a server transfer, locked and unable to log into the character.
All of that is based off the assumption that the many-worlds interpretation of quantum mechanics isn't true and that there is instead a single, linear universal timeline.
I think it would devolve into pure anarchistic chaos in about 4 seconds flat.
AMEN. Finally someone gets it.
If you play on other servers besides Facepunch ones, you'll have BP wipes pretty regularly. Rustafied, for example, does one every month along with the normal forced wipe (with weekly map wipes).
Cya
I repair PCs at my IT job. I probably have my hands on over 1000 broken PCs a year. I rarely ever see a dead samsung unless it's well past their 3-5 year warranties, but I see dead off-brand SSDs frequently (less frequently than any brand of mechanical HDD, but still much more frequently than the higher-end brand SSDs).
Not really a flex, more just trying to put it into context that I have first-hand experience to back up my claim.
I think [this](https://www.reddit.com/r/formula1/comments/9q6j42/kimi_wins_at_cota/) one is the current record holder afaik.
Might want to F7 bug report that to be sure FP sees it.
Why is it that when someone's video goes without much fanfare, they gotta repost it the next day hoping for more views?
Yep, pretty shitty. As most of us have already realized, Blizzard is simply a dead skin mask that Activision is wearing. This is Amrita Ahuja's doing, their Activision-planted CFO. EDIt: yay wow mods shilling for Activision and removed the post!
It's not the artists and programmers that most people have an issue with. It's the corporate leadership and people making the high-level decisions that are drawing the ire of the community. No one blames the art team for the failings of Activision-planted CFO Amrita Ahuja's decisions to squeeze the company like a turnip for all of the money it can be squeezed for. If anything these low-level, line-member Blizzard employees are being held hostage by their corporate overlords.
No it didn't, there's no bot that removes videos from here.
Toxicity? High horse? I just pointed out that this same video posted before didn't get any upvotes or comments within the first 12 hours (I saw the posting last night), so it looked as though you deleted it and re-submitted it. There would be no reason for a moderator to have removed it as it was breaking no rules, and there is no automoderator rule to remove them either. Which just leads me to believe you're trying to farm views from reddit just like the many other people I see that post videos here that get ignored so they delete and repost them again.
Bro, they just ran out of space on their pixel shelf for their pixel items, they need to temporarily "retire" them to the pixel vault. In all seriousness, it's just a manipulative ploy to put a false sense of urgency to buy these virtual items before they are "gone". Then to also take them away so they seemingly become more rare and thus more sought after. It's all psychological marketing bullshit. AKA Activision doing what it does at its finest.
Then you're probably just going to have to deal with the issues associated with gaming on WiFi, sorry.
I can possibly know that because of Blizzard employees who spoke with [games journalists](https://kotaku.com/the-past-present-and-future-of-diablo-1830593195) specifically mentioning the grave concerns which stem from their new CFO (aforementioned Amrita Ahuja), an Activision plant, who is pushing widely for cost cutting, revenue sources, and pulling money away from risky new developments or projects that haven't put as many greenbacks into the coffers as Activision shareholders might like. Said CFO worked with activision in investor relations prior to appointment at Blizzard. Basically, she's there to try and clean house and milk more money from Blizzard as a property. It's my speculation this is why Mike Morhaime was pushed out, because he was widely considered an "anti-CEO". The antithesis of the kinds of people like Bobby Kotick and other scumfuck corporate overlords who genuinely don't give two shits about players because they aren't the customers, the shareholders are the real customers these kinds of vermin truly bend over backwards for. Activision isn't a game company, it's an investment vehicle where players are "payers"; the commodity; the cattle hooked into the carefully by-the-numbers crafted money harvesting entertainment machine.
Ping is irrelevant. It's about packet loss and simultaneous, multi-path, multi-protocol transmission. Rust is a bit of a hog when it comes to connection and doesn't lend itself well to WiFi play. In addition to it also downloading workshop skins as it encounters them (any currently-released skins since the previous monthly update), and the positions of many dynamic entities as they are encountered such as bases and so forth. It's a heavy game communications-wise compared to most other games out there, hence why he probably doesn't have as much of an issue with them. WiFi doesn't like bursty UDP connections, as well as mixed TCP ones alongside them. WiFi in general is just trash for anything that relies on real-time streamed data. So your options are: 1) Keep using WiFi, complain about it, and suffer the bad performance. Or; 2) Switch to an ethernet cable. (Even a powerline-ethernet adapter would be far better of an option than WifI).
It's almost like they are trying to reach out to the company with their criticisms in a place where said company has no ability to influence the visibility of said criticism. Fancy that. It's also about a culmination of thousands of smaller problems over years that have boiled over due to the lack of positive change. It's not some individual, minor inconveniences and errors. It's a longstanding negative direction that has proceeded seemingly unfettered and only accelerated in recent time. Impassioned players who care deeply about the topic who are becoming more aware, distraught, and vocal. We, fans of a once beloved company, are trying to hold onto and right the ship through our meager means of yelling unto the ocean in hopes someone at the helm fucking hears. So if you don't like it, then click the "hide" button on the post and move along.
I don't think they're old gods in the sense of C'thun and so forth. They're ancient demigods, but are generally shown to be peacefully aligned.
Not using the overlay for starters.
I've been camping more times than I can remember. I grew up in a rural area well away from, and with a mountain range inbetween the nearest metropolitan area so there was no significant light pollution as well as a countywide policy of no street lights. I also personally have pretty decent night-time vision comparatively to those I know. When the moon wasn't out, I couldn't see my own hand in front of my face.
You have several diserpate overlays of third-parties all vying for the framebuffer and input queue. There's probably some side-effect of them all being present at once. So your only option is to turn them off one by one until you find the one that causes the issue. There's nothing anyone can do to fix this. All of the things you're mentioning are proprietary software controlled by separate companies that inject themselves in a hack-ish way into your game's process. Shit is going to break. If you don't want it to break then don't use it.
&gt; Its just not my bag and its easier/simpler for me to unsub than to continually prune. Little of value will be missed. Then what purpose does it serve posting about your intentions to do so? Don't you think that it's mildly hypocritical to in one breath criticize people posting "I quit" posts and complaints while simultaneously doing the exact same thing yourself but about the subreddit instead? &gt; I have rarely seen the posts I'm describing cross-posted to or from r/blizzard 1) It hast a comparatively insignificant audience in terms of sub numbers and active users. 2) Some people might not realize that it exists. 3) The topics of the posts could be more poignant to the specific game subreddit than the company subreddit.
&gt; I get that people have legitimate problems with the game, but do they have to be regurgitated every single day? I'd imagine because the problems continue to exist, are double-downed upon, and new controversial actions are piled on top every other day (most recently: the new predatory digital item bundle with the added-on false sense urgency by items being retired for zero logical reason whatsoever with no guarantee of returning, demonstrating a confirmation of the feared negative shift of the company's practices). If there wasn't constantly fresh controversies being introduced by Activision then people would probably just give up complaining about the same things eventually. This isn't the case, as the fires of outrage keep getting gasoline poured upon them.
There's no rule that people must be civil in their discourse. You can report things as hate/slurs/trolling if it looks like trolling. Or you know, just block the people you don't want to engage with. Very handy feature.
Discussion is inherently an informal debate if the two parties of said discussion are in disagreement.
Then I stand corrected. So, report them if you feel they are being uncivil.
You may wish to consult the synonyms for "debate". As well as the definition for debate as it relates to informality (ie: informal debate).
Thanks for making my point for me: &gt; To guide you through this question I would first like to distinguish dialogue from the other common forms of communication—debate and discussion. Debate is combative and seeks to be victorious; it wants to express itself and say it is better than you. **Discussion can be described as debate trying to play nice. Much like debate, it is interested in advocating its viewpoints and challenging those of others.** Most people on here who are disagreeing are definitely trying to "win" with their viewpoint. Also, why on earth are either of us giving any credence whatsoever to what this "Joseph Alonzo" guy has to say? Who is he, and why should anyone care? Did you just pick the first google result and link it to me without bothering to read it and proclaim yourself victorious in not so many words? (sounds kind of like how that guy describes debate, isn't it?) Ironic. What's more ironic is your pleading for civility, then you go comparing me to a cancerous wart of a subhuman being like Ben Shapiro. I'm legitimately insulted. Should I report you for incivility?
Again, it seems as though you're equivocating any criticism as being automatically toxic. If the problems aren't going to stop, then why do you have any expectation whatsoever that the complaints and criticism should stop?
You have some good points there, but I feel like the outrage is more generalized than a few specific systems needing ironing out. While a lot of posts do highlight these specific issues, what I think that people fail to realize is there's a very fundamental issue with the game that goes far beyond the balancing of dungeons, rewards from island expeditions, heart of azeroth, etc. It's that the game has been, at its core, reorganized as a (as a very eloquent person described accurately) "fantasy-themed casino simulator" with the sole purpose of driving a carefully by-the-numbers crafted user engagement metric for Activision can handjob their shareholders with. I'm not even looking at the minutia of WoW anymore as individual little niggling problems. I'm seeing this grand machine of user manipulation. Soul-less architecture to entrap consumers into spending unnecessary time diddling away at meaningless, repetitive, time-gated tasks that follow a strict schedule to graduate the consumer along on their subscription fee renewal. Nothing has any meaning anymore. I don't even know the name of any one single item my character has equipped, nor do I care. It's all just "stat-stick #8369013 +slot machine jackpotted titanforge modifier appendix." I think that this bare-bones look at the contraption that Activision has molded this and every other product they offer into is what a lot of complaining posters miss when they complain about system X or talent Y. They haven't ascended their thinking to the "grand scheme". When it comes to complaining about that, there's really not ever going to be an end to the complaints as it's about as unlikely for such to change positively this late in the game as it is for Bobby Kotick to ever be satisfied with the amount of money his bank statement shows.
Most of them also don't delete their videos and repost them for more views.
&gt; Randomness, and repetition, and time-gating has been part of WoW every since vanilla. Sure it has, and it worked pretty well to its success. It had the right balance (majority of the time) between excitement/fulfillment/reward and a sense of hopeless gambling addiction. Right now, the RNG factor of the game has been expanded to ridiculous extents. Sure, back then you could kill a boss over and over hoping for a specific item. That's all well and good. What we have to day is a far cry from that, where we're now hoping for not only the specific item, but that we also get that specific item along with the extra 5 other ways that item can be "extra" good. So getting the item is no longer the end of it. There's no stopping point. No horizon. You can't ever achieve a sense of completion because there's always some way the game can jackpot just a little better than before. The goalposts are constantly in motion away from you. In addition to that, the whole "loot box" mechanic has become pervasive throughout most of the systems. Mythic+ weekly cache. Azerite armor from emissaries. Warfronts. Island expeditions. There's so many lever-pulling "what am I gonna get!" mechanics in this game for the specific purpose of keeping people arbitrarily grinding at things without end. Yeah, there was a grind back in the day. The big difference is, that grind was calculable. In most cases you knew that you could put in X amount of effort and it would take you roughly Y time until you didn't have to do it anymore. The other difference now is that those systems have been put through a decade and a half worth of user metrics on just exactly how finely-tuned they need to be to keep a user hooked into the system and logging in each an every day in order to feel like they are keeping up with everyone else. There was very little sense of urgency in Vanilla WoW as there is now. No necessitated catch-up mechanics (another thing that completely invalidates any of the effort previously expended in chasing those goal posts, compounding the pointlessness of it all). &gt; I don't like entertaining conspiracy theories about how Activision is actively ruining Blizzard, and twisting WoW into the ultimate cashcow, and how it manipulates their players into paying for their mundane, uninspired content. It makes it sound like people who actually like WoW as it is, are nothing but mindless drones, and somehow their opinions are invalid, as they were somehow indoctrinated, and brainwashed into a cult or something. It's like they are not part of the "woke" people, and not in possession of some secret knowledge, its very dehumanizing. Sure, you have a good point, but why is that inherently an invalid theory? It's not even conspiratorial. It's just business as usual as it relates to AAA games. Not only is it backed up with industry fundamental knowledge (just watch any game developer/marketing industry oriented seminars/conference presentations and they aren't being conspicuous about these practices). Take in the games/marketing industry journalism/insider breakdowns of the topics. When you know how the machine works, you can very easily spot the application of these techniques in such an overt way it becomes unfathomable how more people don't catch on more quickly. There very much is a dichotomy of "woke" and "unwoke" people as it relates to the awareness of psychologically manipulative game systems and their implication on metrics presented to shareholders in quarterly earnings reports (of which are also all public, where you can see this for yourself). Not brainwashed or indoctrinated into a cult, but just completely unaware; uneducated in the particular aspects that would lead them to comprehend how these things work; naive; ignorant; or simply don't care to look into any of it. I would never go as far as to say their opinions were invalid in a generalized sense (especially without seeing the specific opinion in question). Consumer naivety and incognizance to the subject in the first place is the primary force keeping the entire AAA games industry as it currently exists afloat financially. It's also a major driving force of the furtherance of the practices in question because, simply, they can get away with it. I wouldn't go so far as to say it's dehumanizing, nor could I logically draw that conclusion. Maybe it could be construed as an insult of the intelligence of the bell curve populous, but then again, perhaps it's earned. As they say, stereotypes are often glazed with truth. As far as Steam goes, I kind of understand that viewpoint and I don't fault you for your boycotting of it. Just as I've boycotted effectively every product from every game publisher listed on the stock market for many of the same reasons. I wouldn't go so far as you have when it comes to Steam for the reason that there's a **LOT** of good that Steam does for gaming insofar as tooling, platform, and contributions to open source go. They operate their platform in a way that they aren't policing it extensively. I will never give them any money through the avenues of the like you mention. In fact, of all of the games I own that are intellectual property of Valve, I haven't paid a single cent for. I won a Valve complete pack during the Portal 2 golden potato ARG so, yay me. I won't buy CS:GO, I wouldn't play it if it were given to me for free, for the reasons you mentioned and others, but I can easily vote with my wallet while still enjoying the benefits of Steam that are unrelated to their controversy. Just like I enjoy Overwatch without ever spending a dime on Activision's loot box gambling. For good or bad, the "free market" approach does have it merits, which is exactly why you and I are free to vote with our wallets. Just as many are with Activision by unsubscribing. The reality of it is, a lot of us are emotionally invested in our ideal of Blizzard of the past. We are more than simply consumers of their products, we're fans. We want them to succeed, we want them to improve, to change.. or rather.. to maintain the upstanding image that they crafted in years long past. That emotional investment is what has everyone so fervently, passionately complaining and spouting vitriol in the first place. Just a lot of those that are doing it might not know the full picture, the root cause of their strife. We're all terrified that indeed Activision is starting to put more active pressure on the company (there's journalistic evidence to support that such is actually the case and that employee morale is suffering because of it). We've seen it with Activision titles being hamfistedly shoved in front of Blizzard-centric users via battle.net, especially poignant as such occurred after a failed attempt at re-branding the software to make it more generic. With Activision financial managers being appointed to key positions in the company. The departure of very key long-time Blizzard employees in the last few years. It's evident that SOMETHING negative is going on, and we only have glimpses and reasonably educated speculation to go off of as to what the cause is.
There's a difference between making money, and using predatory psychological manipulation to make money.
You clearly have zero understanding of the concept being rallied against here. It's not about the removal. It's about using the completely unnecessary removal with a purposely very uncertainly-worded caveat that they may not be returned for the explicit purposes of trying to psychologically manipulate people to spend money on digital goods through compulsion.
&gt; Literally the ENTIRE marketing industry is nothing but "predatory psychological manipulation", as are modern politics. Does that make it okay? No. Blizzard was known for decades as an ethical company. Beloved by many. It earned its reputation and adoration. Read their core values mission statement. That was exactly what they were espousing and adhering to for well over 20 years. The recent (last few years recent that is) shift to following the rest of the market into the pit of unethical practices is what people are up in arms about. It will never be okay to employ these tactics just because "well everyone else is!"
&gt; In Legion you could get over 50k gold a day managing your your Order Halls. Yeah that was fucking amazing. When I caught wind of that it was right around the time the Longboi was introduced onto the BfA beta. I immediately set to grinding my other 10 non-110 alts of each class (already had one alt at 110) and maxed out all of the order halls, got all of the class mounts along the way, and was raking in close to 75k a day by the end of Legion. Within about 4 months building up, I had earned over 4.5mil gold on top of the 1.5 I already had. Specifically so I could buy the Longboi. That was a great stint. I even pushed for some 15 or 16 specs of mage tower mogs. That was probably the last time I was ever truly happy with the game. Truly satisfied. The first couple months of BfA was nice, but got repetitive really fast. It was almost no time at all before I was only logging in for raid. Then the guild couldn't fill raids anymore, couldn't progress Mythic anymore, and ground to a dead halt in the span of 2 weeks right around Halloween. It's the one of the worst feelings you can have as a WoW player. At least I had my friends, my guild, until then. That's all that was keeping me around. &gt; the thought of Blizzard going under, or their values eroding, are troubling to say the least. It is indeed troubling. I'm glad we could clarify our viewpoints, I just wished that this situation were different. I really love WoW, and Blizzard. WoW (and games in general) has been my crutch to getting through hard times since the beginning. I have some crazy like 1500 days played across my characters. It all frustrates me so much because I'm just kind of disgusted with what the game, and what Blizzard has become/is becoming. For the first time since 2004, I've stopped paying for the game. I have 2 months left on my sub because.. well.. I was subbing at 6month increments to save a few bucks on something that up until now has been a sure thing that I would be engaging in. Now having come to the realizations I have in the last few years, and the last few months of especially egregious decline in trust, I just need to stop rewarding them monetarily out of principle. I don't know if I'll stick to it, but in slightly less than 2 months I'm breaking a cycle that has persisted for 14 years.
Satchel RNG is probably one of the few examples of how RNG can be implemented that adds legitimate fun and opportunity for interesting occurrences.
Don't you mean "Can I have yer gold?"
Vikings! I get that reference!
This is dumb.
How much RAM do you have? If it's only 8GB then you should consider 16GB as is the recommended specs for the game.
Not trying to shill for Activision or anything, but it's probably more likely that "blizzard" is in the name and that was flagged due to extensive misuse by scammers to try and pretend to be GMs via in-game chat to phish people of their account.
Heyyyyy, back to Vanilla ticket queue times boys! Classic hype!
Those goalposts sure to like to run real fast!
I think because that's the only filter that matches by subtext snippets. I haven't seen any other message on that screen except "name is unavailable" or whatever the exact wording was.
I especially like reason #4
Oh you sweet summer child.
Get more RAM. 60 on medium with a 1070 means either your CPU is a Celeron, or you need more RAM.
Why are you reposting this again? Wasn't it already removed once?
Are these approved skins or unapproved workshop skins being modded in?
Man that's embarrassing for Activision to have taken 2 months to fix this.
It's intentional.
&gt; What will be left? Only building 2x2s obviously.
Alistair, In my opinion, this shouldn't be fixed. With the ridiculous level of importance and targeted incentive (juicy upkeep loot) that has been placed on the shoulders of a fragile wooden box in addition to upkeep turning this game into a job to fill your TC constantly, people have come up with a novel solution to address both concerns within the rules of the game: Having backup, disconnected TCs, and splitting a base into multiple fragments to reduce the upkeep cost so that someone doesn't need to be playing the game once every fucking 5 hours (as per this example). Just because it's clever architecting, doesn't make it an exploit. There's no building blocks overlapping, no wall stacking. Just multiple, individual structures being carefully placed to act as one structure with redundant building privilege overlap and split upkeep costs. If you want to "fix" this, then fine. Reduce upkeep tax **significantly** so people can be free to enjoy the building system with larger bases without turning the game into a TC-feeding 9 to 5 career. As well, change TCs so that when destroyed, the "anti-grief" (ridiculously wishful thinking) upkeep that is purchased to keep the base standing for up to 24 hours ALSO includes maintaining **building privilege** for that duration. Otherwise that mechanic is completely fucking pointless as raiders will plop down a new TC and grief the base by sealing it up so that the original owner will have little to no chance of reclaiming the base anyway.
Monitor built-in crosshair probably.
Who gives a fuck? This has nothing to do with the game nor this subreddit. The fact that you even posted this here is such cringe. You should be embarrassed at the sheer immaturity of getting on a soapbox to post a novel about some autistic little squeaker banning from a streamer's discord as if anyone can do anything about it or would ever care to.
Get 16GB of RAM, also your CPU is pretty weaksauce.
They aren't connected though. So... no. You're wrong. They act ARCHITECTURALLY as one structure by their proximity and symmetry, but are 100% disconnected individual structures that only come really close to touching on a few corners.
Rule 4
Where's the wall stacking? I don't see any wall stacking. Just disconnected foundations that are built near eachother without any overlap whatsoever. You're strawmanning the entire mechanic for no reason, painting it as an exploit when it's clearly just clever building. Sorry that you can't think up anything other than 2x2s, but you shouldn't go whining to the devs about a non-issue and act like the sky is fucking falling and people are breaking the game.
Because it's clearly not an exploit. OP is deluded.
Ok this is pretty good lol
Did you know that you the Recycler is actually a furnace apparently?
Blood Elves.
Didn't you already get this post [removed](https://www.reddit.com/r/playrust/comments/a8quf8/i_killed_suspect_and_he_called_cheats_tried_to/ecd14m4/) once? Are you just oblivious?
The point is, essentially your only submissions/activity on this subreddit are your video links. Like hundreds of them. All you do is post your videos and don't interact with the community outside of that. It's considered promotion.
Bah fucking humbug bitch. :P
Man yer audio is all fucked up or something.
It's just all out of wack, doesn't sound right.
Nope, this: https://www.artstation.com/artwork/1nNxK8
Approved skins, other than the ones that have released since the previous forced wipe, are built into the game files now. So it's unlikely to be a download issue.
I like how you make this random baseless assumption of how it will be implemented despite zero insight given by the developers.
Yes, as long as the boat is under a building block (like a ceiling tile) it will not decay. Currently what I do, is build like a 2x2 area for storing boats. The foundations a foot or two under the surface of the water, with a garage door facing the water. With the foundations at the right height then using double doors will knock you off the boat as you go in/out because of the small cover at the top. If the foundations are too high then the boat will get stuck.
Get rekt cheater.
CPU is somewhat weak but it will play. Your biggest problem is going to be the GPU.
Thermodynamics. The Assets aren't great at conducting heat so it takes a lot of energy to warm them. :P In all seriousness, move the game to your SSD. However, your main issue is only 8GB of RAM, so even if you put it on your SSD you're still probably hitting pagefile which is why it's slowing so badly.. My asset warmup takes maybe ~15 seconds.
Oh it's the"I have a shit PC so I'm going to complain about the load times on my shit PC" meme again.
The promised land!
What view? All I see is someone who can't press F12.
We are they Korean?
I'm embarrassed that it took me a couple seconds to realize what the joke was :P Good stuff.
/signed
They are allowed, but you CAN get false banned for it by mistake.
&gt; The top content creators in the rust twitch scene all want it gone WOA THEN THEY SHOULD DEFINITELY GET RID OF IT!! STREAMERS CLEARLY ALL KNOW BEST!! Turrets are a joke, if you don't know that after 4k hours then you should really reconsider what game you're playing. They are so easy to drain it's kind of sad. Just learn to play with the threat of them and stop complaining about a non-issue.
Fine, a compromise. Raiders get turrets, then online defenders get to rebuild walls and place shop fronts into frames. Oh wait, that's how it already is.
None of this is new information.
Fix what, the server lagging? Are you that ignorant?
This is a longstanding old bug that hits random people (for about 3 years now). There's nothing wrong with your system, there's no workaround for it, it's indeed a problem with Unity and specifically it's about not loading your CPU/GPU sufficiently over time. Basically tough luck.
I guarantee this is an RMT services advert and not for gold.
https://www.tukui.org/addons.php?id=118#screenshot
Yeah, this is exactly how it felt to play a prot pally.
There is no problem. OP is whining for no reason.
*flashbang*
Get 16GB or you're gonna have a bad time. Most of what you have is about minimum specs, so even with enough RAM don't expect decent performance.
&gt; You want to set custom launch options to suit your cpu also Could you be more specific?
There's clearly 2 seats.
Yeah, I've had some major issues with stashes recently. I lost 3 of them full of loot a couple of wipes ago. I knew exactly where they were, and I could hear them burying themselves when I spawned in so they were still there. They were just impossible to dig up.
You won't see any performance increase unless you're already being bottlenecked by not having enough RAM.
I loved Cata, Firelands was my favorite period of raiding. Never understood why there was so much hate for Cata outside of Dragon Soul being out for a long time, warranted. The dungeons were hard, and I liked it that way. World PvP was amazing (Tol Barad/Molten Front ganking consumed a huge amount of my play time during Cata). It was all downhill for me after Cata. MoP was atrocious kung-fu panda inspired trite, WoD got stale quickly, Legion was alright but I couldn't enjoy it until much later when they fixed their issues with how bad it was to play alts.
So it's a "correction" to have lost nearly 50% value in 4 months, negating all gains since Q1 2017? You should go tell Activision stockholders and investor relations executives that, surely then they won't go on a cost-cutting spree the likes that is currently killing Blizzard as a brand.
&gt; content creator You mean autistic screeching and social deficiency for 12 hours at a time? Great "content".
REMOVE IT It's always sucked.
Oh look the 3rd time this has been posted.
Is next Thursday the first Thursday of the month?
Doing Lord GabeN's work.
Nope. "Zergs" have been in the game since the beginning. If anything, the appeal of a large organized group attracts people to the game more than anything else.
Atlas is a clusterfuck of "kitchen sink" game design. Nobody needs to make an Atlas. It's a bad ripoff of of a bad game (Sea of Thieves) mashed together with a reskin their previous "kitchen sink" title, Ark. Why would Facepunch bother to recreate that if they couldn't even bother to make Medieval Rust work? (Ruin).
Old news dude, this has been posted like 5 times in the last week already.
Not worthy of Queen.
hah. you are so clever.
"this time around"? These addons have existed since vanilla. They were added into the default UI because of their prevalence making those that didn't use them at a great disadvantage. Why does it seem like there are so many people who didn't know that addons existed back then?
It's that I've gotten used to the way I have my UI setup that to remove it would introduce such a poor experience that it would frustrate me to the point of not wanting to play.
Yeah, that's definitely why there's a not a Propaganda flair, surely.
Now if only they'd get the hint and fix this on modern WoW too &gt;.&lt;
Oh I hope so...
I mean, it was a really good video. I still think any one of the Clarion Call videos is better. Hell you should've gotten Lord Maldoror to narrate your video, THEN it'd be truly epic :P You still have my vote, though :)
LOK'TAR
I think it's just because most cheats use a virtual machine to try and bypass being detected, so EAC's hamfisted garbage detection engine just thinks you're a cheater because you don't prescribe to being a Windows user while Facepunch isn't supporting Linux anymore. Fucked if you do, fucked if you don't.
Yes, they do. Using a VM is a very common tactic employed by cheaters to try and get around detection, because it puts the cheat at a lower point of memory access than even Ring 0. Which is likely why EAC is just banning people for playing in a VM because outside of just detecting that the game is running in a VM, there's no other way for EAC to determine if cheat software is being employed due to the cheat software running outside of the reach of the guest OS. Also, there's plenty of ways to detect being on a VM. Even just walking the page table nested pages an executable could programmatically determine if it's being run in a virtualized environment. That's before just getting into the detection of virtualized devices. VMs don't go out of their way to lie about being a VM unless they're configured to do so for specific purposes. Most people playing in a VM through IOMMU don't care if their guest OS knows it's a VM, as long as the game runs, why would they bother? This is EAC being garbage, compounded by Facepunch's inexcusable inability to support their product on a platform they sold it for, making people have to go to these sorts of lengths to enjoy their game without also subjecting their non-gaming compute experience to Microsoft's garbage OS.
I mean, most of the people on the Beta have twink-level gear at level 30, so they can crush dungeons pretty handily. Yes there are quest bottlenecks but that would mostly due to everyone being let loose at the same time. When Classic goes live, it'll likely be a different story because people will be trickling through more gradually the higher the level of content. Less impact by the bottlenecks at those levels.
Because on the Alexstrasza model it is skin. Whereas on Sylvanas it's some sort of material (probably leather) covering her legs. That model is actually long outdated from Cataclysm anyway. It was updated in Legion. http://i.imgur.com/u1Sy4pt.jpg
500k at exalted.
He's definitely not keyboard turning.
It's never been allowed.
It also works conversely, the ranged classes can hit the Tauren from further away. So it's effectively break-even.
For PvP: Orc, no question. For PvE DPS: Orc. For PvE Tanking: Troll &gt; Undead &gt; Orc &gt; Tauren. You can still play an Orc, but blood fury becomes useless as a tank due to the healing debuff. Tauren extra HP is worthless until you're super low which you should never be anyway. As well, the AoE stun is only marginally useful for dungeons, not at all for raid bosses. Undead is 2nd to Troll for WotF and the natural shadow resist.
The UI is mostly the same as Vanilla, minus the settings menu being more modernized, the raid unit frames, and the addons/macro API (which is being pulled-in from modern WoW with some adjustments).
Only thing you can do is contact EAC and see if they'll revert it.
No it's not. It's PvP on PvP server. Whether or not you or I agree with the streamers doing it is irrelevant, it should be allowed because that's the nature of the game.
&gt; players of the same faction who are egregiously disrupting a widely organized activity with no intention of contributing. Is not griefing, and it can be mitigated via in-game defensive measures via PvP from the opposing faction. Also, standing on someone isn't disrupting shit. If you can't duel because someone is near or on you, tough shit.
Mitigation: Point your camera down when you fall, problem solved. This has been in the game for 15 years, and the same thing applies. If you aim your camera down (right-click, like how you point your character's direction) you will not walk on the surface (or collide with it as it relates to falling) and instead will pass through it, as the game thinks your intention is to swim downward. Water walking trolling (and later on, Path of Frost trolling) when falling from great heights into water has taught me to always aim my camera down for this very reason.
I guess that just goes to show what kind of absolutely entitled whiner you are. Blizzard will give you beta access then wipe and powder your tushy for you because of a jumpy boi standing in your way. Awwwwwwwwwwwwwwwww your fee fees, do you want some bits and twitch prime to make it all better? Awwwwwwwwwww
Good to see that at least staysafe has a brain.
If they aren't playing Orc rogue they're doing it wrong tbh. 25% stun resist &gt; break fear. Besides, rogue PvP trinket already covers breaking fear.
My favorite WoW story is from Vanilla when I was jumped by a Warrior with the guild name &lt;And Four Rogues&gt; in which I was promptly introduced to the pointy end of 4 Rogues ambushing me out of stealth as if on cue.
I say bring it on. PvP on PvP server. Hint hint: Everyone is on my KOS list. It's called "If red, it's dead". It should be the same for everyone else on the opposite faction. No different than some streamer swinging around their scrotum-hangers they call viewers.
&gt; probably exist mostly in private circles. Bingo. I learned of it from a talk given by EAC developers at Valve's developer summit "Steam Dev Days", that they have to combat that avenue of cheating as well. Hence why EAC has detection routines for being in a VM environment. Any detection they have is subject to false-positive for cheating. If they see that the execution environment is a VM, it's going to heighten the suspicion factor of the engine due to anomalous condition (ie: not a very common factor to be running under VM).
It's not griefing. If it was they would've coded it such that falling into water from height with water walking on wouldn't damage you (or you'd just fall through the surface of the water in lieu of taking damage). It's been a mechanic for as long as the game has existed, and many people have died to fall damage from water walking. If it was something they would punish people for doing, then they'd change how the mechanic worked to avoid the problem condition.
No one has ever been punished for merking people with water walking just FYI. That's what the group kick feature is for (or vote-kick for LFD/LFR). The community is capable of policing itself in this regard. Or just don't be an idiot and know the game's mechanics to avoid getting dunk'd by a troll tactic from 15 years ago.
Point to one instance where someone had their account actioned for using water walking to troll a raid group for a fall into water from a great height. Opportunities for which can be counted on one hand.
It's not making stuff up, it's a safe assumption. Not once in 15 years have I ever once heard of someone getting a warning or otherwise for using water walking to troll with.
That makes it even a bit more suspicious, being a new account. Easier for the algorithm or whatever to assume it's a cheater
Don't ask me, I didn't make the thing XD Not only did Facepunch abandon Linux, but so did EAC due to being bought out by Epic. Epic basically has zero desire to support anything except Windows because Tim Sweeney is a fucking piece of shit and likens Linux to Canada, and people who use it as people fleeing the USA (Windows) due to disagreement with "political trends". The dude is a complete fucking tool. [Source](https://twitter.com/timsweeneyepic/status/964284402741149698?lang=en)
The entire thing was set in motion over the Nostalrius drama, ensuing petition/private server player outrage, and the team who developed/ran Nostalrius giving a multiple-hours-long presentation to Blizzard executives making a case for the business-viability of re-releasing Classic. It was the retail players who were perpetuating the "wall of no" if you don't recall. As well as Blizzard's continued stance over the years every time they were asked about it, up until the infamous Brack quote. At the end of the day, the private server community shoved the issue into the fore and pushed it over the edge in a big way. Why you feel the need to call these people "scum" , players who love Classic as much as you, is beyond me.
I wonder if the 2019.1 update will finally put an end to the random "low utilization" bug that's been plaguing this game for years on high-end systems.
Streamers are complaining about a self-inflicted problem and suggesting that people who target them should be shunned out of being able to play. How is anyone supposed to tell the difference between a streamer getting ganked, and a streamer getting stream-sniped? Most streamers tend to just assume anyone who ever attacks them is a stream sniper, which would mean that any time someone happens upon said streamer and defeats them in combat would very likely be labeled a stream sniper and (if said streamer got their way with their ideology) subject to a blacklisting. I say streamers shouldn't get any special treatment whatsoever, and if they're keen on broadcasting their location in a PvP enabled multiplayer game, they're going to be subject to the metagaming intel their own actions are offering unto those looking to hunt for them. If they don't want to get sniped, they should utilize the methods in which they have available to them to obfuscate their location (eg: stream delay). Otherwise, it's no one else's fault but their own.
Hell I'd be fine with streamer-only servers. It's not so much the streamers themselves as the hoards of toxic kiddies that call themselves fans and follow them around everywhere. In addition to funneling them gear, resources, and otherwise bending over backwards to help streamers in a way no one else is afforded. I want to steer clear from their screeching, brainless masses as possible. To have a Classic WoW experience as close to original as possible without being sullied by the twitch culture that streamers drag with them.
Undead Females hold their weapons fucked up in one hand (fixed in WoD models), which makes things like Claw of the Black Drake look particularly fucking stupid in their hands. This irked me so badly on my UD female rogue, my first 60 back in Vanilla. Perpetually having one weapon all derped. If they fixed it for Classic (I can hear the reeee-ing from the #nochanges crowd already) then I'd consider UD female again, but this time around I'm going Orc female.
&gt; but UD rogues look great in stealth. I guess you haven't seen the stealth animation when they sprint on the Beta thus far :(
[This garbage.](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OKCUxRCILks)
It's a gold sink for people that got fat rich off of WoD and Legion, trying to reduce the amount of gold piles the dragon-esque players are laying atop. You could always just go buy the vendor mammoth from Wrath for a paltry sum. Or even the transmog yak from MoP is fairly affordable these days.
I play on average like 2-5 hours a night after work. ~10 of those hours a week are raid nights t/w/t, the rest are doing WQs while watching youtube, with a few M+ on the weekends. I farm my own herbs for potions, usually do about 5 hours of herb farming one day a month, which is enough to supply my battle potions.
I noticed that.... green eyes... green runes? Hmmmmmm
You only just now noticed that? XD
How can I get into these kind of fleets? I've wanted to do bship F1-ing for so very long :(
Yeah not voting for you after seeing this exchange. I agree with Olmeca. We should have more psychological warfare tactics like cloaky camping, not fewer. What applies to Delve can easily apply to any other region if the players there were as committed to the task. Just because they don't, doesn't make the mechanics involved any less important. The intel networks, the jump bridges, etc etc. What you espouse is to nerf the one thing that can overcome those things in Delve because the practice is more effective in regions where people haven't accomplished what Delve has. Which is a completely idiotic frame of reference when you should be focused on the ground truth irrespective of the difference of application of the mechanics themselves. Those mechanics become overwhelmingly powerful when employed properly, and thus necessitate a counter like cloaky camping. Without it, what more would there be to penetrate the defensive net of Delve? A net which could be erected anywhere else with just as much efficacy. This is the flaw with you bloc candidates. No matter the concern you wish to address as CSM, it has its roots in enhancing your bloc and your bloc alone.
/r/theydidthemath
&gt; ... exceed the 32 bit memory limit I guess you haven't heard. https://www.eveonline.com/article/ps7mbt/the-eve-online-64-bit-open-beta-is-now-live
I went 64bit client, been perfectly fine, better perf. I think it's stable enough to use it regularly atm.
&gt; Ganking and WPvP with the specific intent of stripping someone's buffs is AIDS Anything that brings further relevance to world PvP is a win in my book.
Considering the gangbusters mobile games are making, I'm sure it's a "grin and bare" type of situation. CCP taps into some of that delicious Asian mobile games market cash, which they can use to (hopefully) make Project Nova not suck utter donkey schlong.
It wasn't, it just sucked so they "went back to the drawing board" to rework it so it doesn't suck.
If red, make ded!
The honor of the horde dictates that we help them kill their mob, wait for them to get to full HP, THEN gank them. Honorable death.
Rogues have their own creed, and therefore do not count.
&gt; Greatest city in Warcraft. I'm not entirely sure that you captured Orgrimmar quite correctly there, my friend. :P Joking aside, amazing painting, great work!
I was in this battleground!
Juggerknight. :3
Yeah it's stupid, wish we could turn that off specifically.
3 dead unfit megathrons? okay?
MIDI SUPPORT TOOOOO
25% off Galaxy pack, makes it pretty worth. 1100 PLEX ($40), 3 months game time ($38) is more than the $75 you'd pay with the discount code. Plus 5 extractors, 2 pilot training licenses, and some skins. Not too terrible actually.
That is likely why you're having that problem. Consider upgrading to 16GB and that should fix it.
&gt; stop being biology and start being physics Ah that's a lovely quote XD
AKA, the golden age.
https://rust.facepunch.com/blog/devblog-180
Get more RAM
wow, I haven't played in several years, this meme still going?
Local spam has always been something you can get reported for. Move along.
You aren't clever, no one cares. End of discussion.
This actually seems dope.
Apparently you didn't understand the point. In this hypothetical scenario, he static wormhole would only allow a shuttle or pod through, so there's no way to seed any resources into the new cluster. It would effectively be starting over from scratch in a rookie ship without wiping out New Eden cluster.
Desync.
Then a pod only, and you get a new corvette on the other side to start with :3
The bounty system needs a revamp, made into a contract-style system ala John Wick
/u/Olmeca_Gold please use your CSM status to help make this happen! Make Bounty-Hunting Great Again
I'm sure you're capable of using your brain to imagine how a system could be designed to actually support bounty hunting as a legitimate career path, with enhanced incentives, and necessary protections in place to help keep it from being exploited freely. Nothing saying that the current mechanic of 20% of loss value payout couldn't remain. Contract issuers could have the option to only accept certain individuals or corporations to take up the bounty, which could also be tied into a kill-rights to allow for no concord intervention. As it stands, the vast majority of kill rights today are pretty much scammers trying to bilk people out of their ISK and aid insurance fraud. Bounty hunting should be a legitimately supported system as opposed to the joke we have today of meaningless "cool points" to have a red WANTED sign on your avatar, or to see who can rack up the highest score.
I guess you missed the part where the 20% value of the loss payout could still be a thing while also revamping the bounty system and tying in kill-rights. The contract would be effectively an escrow (similar to bounties now), and could be revoked at will (with a time-based cooldown) which also opens up the possibility for a bounty target to pay a ransom/settlement to the one who placed the bounty on them so that they remove the bounty. Another idea is to perhaps require the contract to be renewed after a certain period of time. It shouldn't be safe from scammers, it's fucking EvE. Vetting the hunter should be necessary and allows bounty hunters/hunter corps to build a reputation as being legitimate/trustworthy. SOMETHING to make bounty hunting an interesting mechanic in the game, it would have to be tied with kill rights in some fashion to be successful I wager.
Fuck off.
I'll let you in on a little secret: it's always been ass. It's just the only/best game of its type while still being ass and we're so invested in it that we complain and hope for it to improve significantly but CCP is too busy trying to stay warm in their arctic wasteland making failed project after failed project to try and strike at rich rather than fix the fucking product that got them to where they are. As to your complaint, what specifically are the mean ol'e bittervets doing to you to chase you off, anyway? You never elaborated on what problem you were having other than your petulant disagreement about the opinion of the game. You just threw out a generalization that "YOUS GUYS ARE TO BLAME! YOU SHOULD PRETEND TO LIKE THE GAME OR NOOBS WILL LEAVE FOR SOME REASON!"
It's almost as if it's in the name or something. **bitter** vets.
On top of them already having the subscription fee XD If you REALLY wanted to fuck with CCP, it would be to mass un-subscribe for a month, but no one has the balls.
24/6/19, what month is 24? December Squared? I'm confused.
Man that would be cool as fuck. Someone should set up a corp like that and be the change we want to see in terms of making Bounty Hunting a proper career path ahead of any potential future changes to bounties (lol it's CCP, so probably not likely any time soon or ever).
&gt; You aren't investing in version - your paying for a service. THEY OWE YOU NOTHING, but said service. period. Hey it looks like you understood exactly the point I was trying to make. I don't owe them anything either. They provide a service, I pay for it. I have zero compunction to do anything specific to attract and retain new players. So your base level complaint here is completely dead in the water of your own volition. We don't have to do shit or have any opinion one way or another other than the one we want to have. So fuck you and fuck your post.
Actually amazing analogy. OP is either a fucktard or (more likely) a troll that is baiting us like a savant.
Sounds like content for Eve North
I honestly don't give two fucks about the eve tribalism, it's why I'll not choose a flair to represent the group I play with, nor will I mindlessly "hate" another group in or out of the game. You won't see me calling people "spodbrains" or "dinobrains" unironically. Bashing on my "enemy" just because the leadership of the alliance I just joined has them set red. Who knows, one day I might fly with them instead of shoot them. Why breed needless animosity between players over a video game? Because of pretend space pixels? Naw, I'm gonna blow them up (or get blown up) with a smile and thank them for the opportunity. The only conflict sides that matter are the players vs CCP, we're all in the same blue donut together in that war.
[Alliance Panel, Anti-CSM Chairman Fit] Jager Injector System II Energy Drink Control System II Medium Liver Extender II Medium Liver Booster II Remote Self Control Dampener II Target Plasterer II Overt Ops Drinking Device II ‘Arbalest’ Magic Missile Launcher I ‘Arbalest’ Magic Missile Launcher I ‘Arbalest’ Magic Missile Launcher I Jager Bomb Launcher I
A fit that is in effectively no risk of being lost.
If you need a ship worth more than 500m for hisec missions you're doing it wrong. Who's going to bother to gank that?
Machs are cheap these days, you don't need to purple it. Your argument is that people are stupid and will attack flashys? I don't see how this changes anything with my original argument. Yeah you have to spend more on the fit to be successful with it in hisec, but you also are extremely safe. You don't have to be blingy, those extra couple of percentiles isn't going to make or break it, so being suicide ganked is less of a threat if at all. You don't have to be a fucking retard and shoot flashys, and you can even simply change your overview to only show NPCs so you wouldn't be tempted to lock or accidentally lock a suspect bait.
Hah.. nice :P
Master the art of aligning to your warp out, looting as you pass by the wreck, and hitting warp right as you go flashy :P
&gt; Bad Dragon Manufacturing Plant Raitaru XD
It hasn't been. If the leaks are to be believed, she will be a raid boss but we'll wind up saving her by the end.
Aha, now people have some new names for their ships to disconnect them with.
Fair enough.
I'm an independent voter who had you #1 slot, very satisfied to see you made it onto the CSM! One thing I hope you'll petition CCP about a revamp to bounty hunting and kill rights to connect them together with a contract-like system to be able to turn bounty hunting into a proper career path. We should all get to bring out our inner John Wick. Individuals and corporations should be able to rise to become feared bounty hunters. So far, CCP has completely failed on the power fantasy of bounties. Make bounties something more than "cool points" that are an utter joke as it stands today, or kill rights more than a means for people to insurance fraud while simultaneously scamming. Getting a bounty should be dangerous. Hunting a bounty should be lucrative.
:O YOU GOT ME!
Well, since they are an AI, it was likely trained with that data, so they bash :3
I don't get why people are mad about the 1mil SP givewaway for the anniversary event. Like what in the actual fuck? Can someone please explain the kind of mental instability that is required to be upset about a free celebration gift?
It's pretty clear english isn't his first language. I skipped reading the post and went straight to the video first. What I saw was pretty concrete evidence of getting fucked over by a bug that was in seemingly no way the responsibility of the user or their equipment. Moreso with the fact that on multiple occasions recently I've had fleet members suffering from bugged modules that seem to fit the description of what I saw in OP's clip, though in their case the workaround was to drag the module to a different UI slot (which seems to have not been possible in the clip). I probably would've lost a ship recently to a bug myself if it weren't for lucky circumstances. My ship was stuck trying to orbit in-place as if I was clicking in space in a circle pattern. It was preventing me from approaching a Titan to bridge with the rest of my fleet. I was luckily in tether range so I could dock rather than being doomed to be spinning in a circle in space uncontrollably. Docking/undocking, reshipping, restarting the game didn't even fix it. After some googling, I had to unbind the keys for manual flight controls to get it to stop, otherwise I was in complete lack of control of my ship's direction which most certainly would've gotten me killed or worse have to self-destruct my pod just to get back to a station.
&gt; -Perimeter Keepstar to die Lol good luck with that.
The link you shared, it's not able to be downloaded a bunch of times. Pop it on soundcloud or clyp or anywhere else.
The module fuckery bug is prevalent enough that I hear someone on comms complaining about being affected by it in nearly every fleet op I've been apart of in the last ~week that I've been back playing the game after joining a new corp.
At least one in the last week has had it happen twice on separate occasions.
That's what I said.
So today marks the first day of what shall forever be known as "The Pubbie War"? Null vs Highsec?
Yeah that's not bad actually.
NOW the truth comes out about why you're covered in salt about goons.
100%
Sounds like you need to stack more Stamina.
I feel like this is more a kudos for WINE for being great, than CCP for doing anything useful.
Works fine for WoW and Every other Blizzard title + launcher with completely zero being done by Blizzard to ensure such is the case. ¯\\\_(ツ)\_/¯
Old retired World of Warcraft realm servers.
o7
Nice try, not falling for that clickbait.
How have they not yet learned that you can't balance shit by just increasing the economic difficulty to acquire things? It's so fucking inconsequential.
0 Eye of Ragnaros 1 BREs 4 QSRs 2 CHTs 2 Aurastones 2 Cauterizing Bands 3 Bindings (all Left-hand) 0 Perditions 0 Spinal Reapers 3 Brutality Blades 1 Vis'kag 3 Deathbringers
There will be no difference in performance (of any application or game) with additional RAM if you already aren't consuming the RAM you currently have available. When you use up your available RAM, your system starts using your -much- slower HDD/SSD as virtual memory. Even with a decent SSD the difference is something like 50x slower than RAM. If you have more RAM available than you're system is consuming, then it doesn't have to use virtual memory and it will run as fast as your system will allow. Therefore adding more does nothing extra for you at that point.
Discount is 10% from honored 10% from Honor Rank 3, rep discounts were changed in BC
Just transfer to a PvE server
The new sheet metal wall visual externally and especially internally look awful. Please rework them FP! &lt;3
Looks like they're going to add to classic the +4 bagslots for having an authenticator attached. Also I see that they appear to be fixing the exploit that lets you cast Honorless Target on yourself (if it isn't already?) with the removal of that ability's entry from SkillLineAbility.db2
Definitely not just tutorial text, we have inventory frame XML and lua code to go along with it.
They don't delete characters when an account is banned. So if it manages to get unbanned they'll still be there.
Nice! More videos of your babyrage alliance raid getting dicked on for me to enjoy, thanks for the content! Please keep clipping these.
