God damn Cro Cop is a beast
DJI Phantom 3 is $500.
Fucking bad ass dude!
Fucked a fattie
You said if it's DJI it's $2000 - $4000, I was just correcting you, don't get so offended.
I saw a few of the comments but I didn't think any serious MMA fans thought that way. At least I haven't heard any.
Thank god for that. Teenagers are the most annoying humans on the planet.
To a teenager, maybe.
Only the worthless ones are told that, be real now. And there's a good chance they are too stubborn to listen to anyone for advice.
That's a very big problem. Especially since they turn on a channel like CNN and see all this flashy shit with a fancy woman sitting there, they have no reason to question her, they just accept it as fact when the reality is, they have an agenda and are not out for your best interest but rather their own.
I always liked the idea that Short Round was the son of the Asian guy who gets killed at the beginning of Temple of Doom in the restaurant. "I go first, Indy, I go first". That guy seemed to be his partner in his adventures just based off that one line of dialogue. Short Round had the car ready for Indy so it felt like the natural conclusion would be that it's his son and now that he's dead, Indy takes him under his wing. They tell "Doll" the story while they're in the jungle that Indy caught Short Round stealing from him but I always liked the idea that they were making that up to keep it a secret.
Nope.
Wow. These people are complete morons.
But it is. It's poorly made with bad CGI. It doesn't hold up. I just watched Temple and was so surprised at how well that movie holds up today. Great acting, action, set design, story.
Tribal men who've been hiding in walls for years for some reason?
Huh? You used the word free. That's like saying "Hey guys, Star Wars is now free on Netflix!"
Gay has multiple meanings. Just like the word 'nail' or 'bolt'.
There's a great one about film vs digital done by Keanu Reeves called Side By Side that covers the history of film with interviews from many directors. It's interesting.
You have to have prime which costs money. It's a subscription. It's not free. Someone without a membership cannot go and watch the movie for free..Do you seriously not understand what the word free means?
Deadpool. It made me really question if everyone here is 12 - 14 years old.
But you see, it's not racist. People now days make up things to be upset about instead of being, you know... accepting.
I do like that motorcycle chase scene!
But when people like Louis CK do it, we all laugh. Weird.
How about the palm tree being used as a springboard for a car! Don't forget about that classic scene!
Yeah and do they have to refill the holes later for the next intruder?
This is why he also proposed a law that will inhibit ex congressmen from becoming lobbyist for a certain amount of years (sorry i forget exactly how many) after leaving office. That was if you max out your term limits, you cannot jump back in as a lobbyist. It's great idea.
No way, just like any situation, information is passed down. They can always be advised for help after they leave office, it's not like those people suddenly disappear.
He proposed this a long time ago and mentioned it at almost every rally.
It doesn't work that way. It limits their ability to gain control and corruption, it doesn't enable it. He also set a minimum amount of time a congressmen could become a lobbyists or "consultants" after they leave office. Read up on Trumps actual proposal, it covers this.
and the 1-1 won??? That's awesome! haha
But it wasn't depicting India. It was depicting a very hidden temple with ancient traditions. That's like saying "Aw man, texas chainsaw doesn't depict American people right." It's just a small group of individuals from a specific region. Not everything has to be racist. About Kali, well she's the creator of Time, Creation *Destruction* and Power. It could be a crazy cult like those Christians who yell "God Hates F*gs", just an extremist group... which they're clearly extremists. But also, it's just a movie. It's not a documentary. It's just an entertaining movie and just because they didn't get facts 100% straight shouldn't be a reason to call it racist. Like I said, not everything has to be racist.
I absolutely agree. I think Indy fighting a darker evil is so much more interesting than finding Jesus's cup. I never really watch the third film, it's good and all but I never felt like it held a candle (or torch?) to the first two.
Well, Eternal Sunshine of the Spotless Mind is one of the most powerful romance films I've ever seen. I don't cry easy and that movie pulls my emotional strings like a puppet master.
That's our opinion now, too! Can't have our own, must all have the same!!!!!!!!
Episode 9 - Is that a Jedi or is that Bigfoot?
Yeah haha that's super cool he won. Love the post
I'll pass.
That was my feeling watching it
It's dangerous for your independent free thinking development to base opinions off sites like Rotten Tomatoes. People interpret films differently. They connect with us all uniquely based on our own personal life experiences. A film I may find invigorating, you may find boring. Take ratings with a grain of salt because it's all relative.
Wait, why does Werdum deserve his shot? For beating Travis Browne? Seriously? Beats one guy and now deserves a rematch against the guy to flattened him face first? JDS BEAT Stipe. Recently he put a beatdown on Ben who was on a 7 fight win streak. Makes way more sense to have the champion fight a guy who beat him than fighting a guy he just knocked out stiff. Beating Travis Browne (who he already beat once before) and is also coming off a loss doesn't make sense.
Werdum just beat a guy he's already beat who's on a downward spiral and JDS beat a guy who was on a 7 fight win streak in title talks. Plus he's already beat the champion... That makes way more sense to me.
Yes, yes it does.
Do we know who killed most of the Kennedys?
People are trying to get upset by everything these days. If you're ever given a dog a bath, it looks absolutely no different than that video.
Have you people never owned a dog? Ever try to give one a bath? They act like they're going to die.
Because timing.
Well that's one way to sound dumb.
What a dumb premise though. Movies that make sense to have it should and movies that don't make sense to have it shouldn't. It's not complicated nor interesting to think about.
I was the same way with the Diaz fight
No he isn't. He just lost to the champion by brutal KO and then beat the #9 contender. JDS beat the champion already and just beat (at the time) the number 3 or 4 contender. We are all very aware at how stupid the UFC rankings are so don't even try to use that as fact. Werdum just lost to the champ. JDS at least already beat the champion, it makes way more sense to have them rematch than having the guy who just got face planted fight the champ again.
It should. Makes WAY more sense than Werdum. Werdum lost via faceplant by the champ. JDS beat Miocic. Werdum just beat #9 contender Browne who's looked like shit for a while now, who he already fought and beat. I don't understand why that means he deserves a rematch against Miocic. JDS just beat a guy who was on a 7 fight win streak and in title contention talk. Plus he already beat the current champion. That rematch makes WAY more sense if you actually look at the facts.
Why? He already beat Stipe and he's coming off a win against the guy who was in talks of title contention. If Ben beat JDS you better believe he would be fighting for the title. Makes more sense than Werdum, the guy who got faceplanted by Stipe just a fight ago who beat a barely top 10 fighter he's already beat before.
Absolutely not. Sometimes they may just not see it. Things happen. No system is perfect. It's unfortunately part of the sport. Just like injuries, just like eye pokes and broken bones.
Was a made up move. No specific move
UFC rankings are constantly manipulated based off popularity. Just like Nate Diaz rising in ranks right before the Conor fight. Or Bethe riding to #1 contender suddenly when booked against Ronda, or Hunt rising in ranks suddenly when matched against JDS. It happens again and again. The media picks the rankings, it's not based off a logical structure, it's based off media picks. Either you're new and don't know this or you don't pay attention because this has been covered a million times here. How about you break down the logic yourself and see what outcome you get.
Be real. Some of those are not facts. JDS was not faceplanted by Overeem. JDS also faceplanted Cain and Werdum. It's your opinion that Cain is the best UFC heavyweight ever which I disagree with. But that's just an opinion, not a fact. No UFC heavyweight has successfully defended their belt more than twice. The biggest factor is that JDS beat Stipe and Werdum already. Werdum just lost to the champ. We don't need another rematch simlly because he beat Browne. If that was the case, then Cain is tied with Werdum on title contention as his last loss was his belt and his last win was Browne. The champ being able to clear his last loss and beating the ex champ JDS makes more sense to me. Also, there's an old saying "You're only as good as your last fight"
I'm not going through allyour comments. Sorry
With a notable win over the current champ. But yeah I absolutely don't think he's #1 contender but neither is Werdum. He just lost to the champ and a win over Browne is really not impressive enough for another title fight.
That argument gets thrown around a lot but it's loaded in bullshit. He has two big notable wins. Fedor and Cain. He was KOd by JDS and Miocic and he's also lost to Reem in their most recent bout. Seriously, who else has he beat? A very aged Big Nog? Hunt? Big Country? He lost to Arlovski. Browne? Fedor and Cain are his only two "big" wins.
No I think they are both even. Which is why the fight between them for title shot was so perfect. But at this point I think JDS is the better call. Simply because the history between the champ and JDS. Plus they can promote that JDS KOd Werdum and Cain. Then they can reschedule Cain vs Werdum at a later date
I can as well. Cain vs. Werdum would have been the perfect title contender fight. But since we lost that, JDS vs Miocic makes sense. The history of him beating Cain, Werdum and Miocic. Could be a good use of promotion. The UFC can use that to promote the fight and still set up Werdum vs Cain for a later date (hopefully). "Champ can get his revenge" or "JDS can reclaim his title against the man he's already beat." "JDS had notable wins over Werdum, Cain and Miocic". UFC could hype it right if they played their cards right. And yeah, you're correct, they could absolutely do the same with Werdum.
CNN is absolutely fake news
I mean, that's awesome but that's not going to slow climate change. That's like trying to stop the ice age from happening by heated a lake.
Barely. You're not going to stop a global change that's part of a natural cycle. Just like the ice age or any global warming cycle in the past 4.5 billion years. It happens and has happened many many many times, no amount of trees will change that.
No, they are saying we are speeding it up. But we have no accurate reference as we were not around as an intelligent species for the last global warming.
Think about the phone call scene where he makes a quick call and heads up the escalator and he runs into that other guy from the future and he knows the phone call by heart? It's because as soon as it happens in the past, they have all the time in the future to study that moment and then send someone back just a moment after he made the call. Same situation with the plane. As soon as they knew who he was, they were able to send someone back at exactly the right time. Plus you're right. You cannot change the past and therefore her attempt is futile, as was his. The whole thing is unstoppable and the scientists haven't figured that out yet. They will now. It leaves you realizing "wow, they're all fucked. There's no stopping it." It is a bit ambiguous because maybe now that they know who did it they can go back and stop him but since he already let it airborne it makes you wonder if they can or not. Granted I haven't seen this film in many years but I think that's the basics based off my recollection.
I see what you're saying. Interesting. I think it works for gritty films, like Texas chainsaw massacre. A hot, bright, gritty day can make for a good setting, same with Mad Max. But yeah I tried rewatching Civil War and wow, what a crap film. I think people should go back and try to rewatch it if they haven't since it came out. It already doesn't hold up. It's a mess and it's extremely boring and flat in color. I hate the serious tone with politics and nonsense. It shouldn't be super serious. It's a superhero movie. Give us some shlocky aspects, some goofy shit. I think X-Men Apocalypse was a much more entertaining film than Civil War. But yeah that was totally off topic. Anyhow, I agree. With CGI it can make it look way too clean. It's gotta have gritty and grimey aspects. I just watch Star Trek beyond last night and that film has a lot of daytime action but again, all in a gritty dirty environment that looks worn and lived in which really really helps. Interesting topic.
Well the books get darker and darker. Only makes sense
Why? I'm registered to vote in two states. Doesn't mean I do it. Are you just making assumptions that they are voting in both states? If anything it's evidence in support of Trump's claim that things could easily be manipulated. How don't you people see that? Honestly?
Facts aren't reddits strong point, obviously, as he's simply said the money going to science of human caused change is what's in question. There was literally just an article posted about how the sugar companies bought off scientists to publish false papers that sugar was not to blame for issues, rather it was butter to blame. Yet everyone blindly believes the money going to these climate change studies is perfectly acceptable. It's clear change is occurring, were leaving an ice age for fuck sake, nobody is denying that, they're questions the money trail.
No they don't. The government has a personal server. Anything unrelated to government work can be used on an email of their choosing, such as Gmail. Your title is misleading (shocking). Do your fucking research and stop spreading fake news
Thank you. Why is reddit so misinformed on what JUST happened
When I saw X-Men I theaters I literally laughed through it as I thought it was ridiculous. Then I rewatched it a few nights ago and completely changed my opinion. Worth a rewatch I say.
I feel bad for GSP. He rally'd to get Diaz the fight even though everyone kept saying he didn't deserve it. GSP kept saying "Well, I think he's #1 contender and I want to fight him." The media gave GSP all this shit, he put himself in a negative light to the media and fans in order to prop up Nick Diaz. Dana agrees to GSP and gives Nick the shot. What does Nick do? He disrespects GSP the entire journey of the fight. Mumbles through every press conference about how it's not fair GSP is the champ and Diaz isn't. How they started at the same time but GSP got lucky and got the shot. Continued to disrespect GSP and his accomplishments. I don't mean shit talking, I mean a bitter, pouty complaining on a level that was frustrating to listen to. They finally fight. Nick continues to disrespect GSP throughout the entire fight. Acts un-sportsman like, throws strikes after the bell, etc. After the fight, STILL disrespects GSP the entire time. Acts like a sour puss. It's just crazy. GSP was hyping Diaz so much beforehand, said how much he respects the guy, how much he wants to compete with him, how he deserves the shot, how he believes he's the true #1 contender and the big fight, how he wanted him to beat Condit so they could have fought earlier, etc etc etc. Diaz acts with zero class through the entire journey. That's when I officially left the Nick Diaz train. If you can't see a guy is clearly trying to help you out and get what he thinks you deserve, a chance to take his own championship belt, then you're just a piece of shit. Nick has yet to show any sort of class since that fight. I know he isn't known for his class, but he usually shows respect after a fight, but he's just become a bitter, selfish prick. He thinks he's beat everybody he's fought, he has no real sense of awareness of what's actually happening and I just... no longer can be supportive of that.
They started at a similar time and knew of each other when they both started off. GSP got a call for a fight that Nick was trying to get (forget which one exactly) but Nick really wanted that fight. It propelled GSP up very fast and got him on a fast track to fame. Nick thinks if he got that call, it would be him there instead of GSP. He discussed it during a pre-fight press conference before this fight (gsp vs diaz) or pre or post condit fight... not sure exactly which but it was around that time. From what I gather, it seems like he is just bitter that GSP got the call and he didn't.
Oddly enough, GSP also said he was drugged before the fight. Forgot exactly what he said, he either blacked out from a water bottle, had a horrible one-night sickness, or something like that. But yeah that was a one sided match. Nick had absolutely nothing for GSP
Actually, I keep an open mind to things and don't blindly believe them just because popular science figures and the media tells me with forceful tactics that global warming is caused by humans since we have no direct understanding to how long these cycles typically develop and if it is indeed being sped up by human actions. We know that cycles happen. This is totally normal for the earth to get warmer, it's happened many, many times before. Just like the ice ages have happened multiple times. So, what exactly is everyone freaking out about? Nature? You want to blame humanity for natural cycles? Really? You want to complain and say we're speeding it up by .0001%? So we may see it sped up by a few hours over the span of 500 years? WHAT EXACTLY ARE YOU CLAIMING? And where's the evidence that is directly man related and not a direct relation to natural cycles? Because we can look at graph after graph after graph of geological data that clearly shows NATURAL cycles of warming and cooling periods our earth goes through. So please, again, tell me what information YOU have that somehow proves whatever it is you blind believers are trying to force down everyones throat? If we already know factually what is going on, why do we need to dump hundreds of millions of dollars every year into foreign group studies? Where's that money going? Photos of before / after? Measuring with instruments we already have? That doesn't cost that much to study. Where's the money going? Because that's the only issue the government is concerned with, the disappearance of hundreds of millions of dollars into a dump oversees that claims to be studying climate change. If you people would just stop and actually READ what they claim instead of just getting triggered by headlines, maybe you'd be able to sit back and logically analyze the situation and determine for yourself why congress would be looking into it. Watch congressional hearings on the issue, do SOME sort of actual research rather than just listening to popular figures tell you what to believe.
Welp. Bigfoot looked worse than I've ever seen him.
Nails only grow as fast as a hammer will allow. God bless.
Thanks!
Interesting idea, thanks. It's getting me to think outside the box.
Oh I didn't even realize they were in production! Makes sense.
That's a great point
I'd challenge her to a brow-off. and I don't mean that in a sexual way.
Because they don't give a flying fuck about you. They just want as much money as they possibly can pinch out of your pocket. That's it.
&gt;that 90% of movie going audiences don’t watch shit online This is complete nonsense made up to push your point.
So apparently movies making 1 billion need ad-subsidies
... these people are not very bright. Zack didn't finish filming the movie... So how could he possibly have his own cut?
Wonder Woman isn't even that good of a film. It's a fish out of water story of a confused stranger trying to figure out how to exist in a new world. She's basically invincible, so there's never a feeling of a real threat, she just takes every bit of damage, gets up and brushes it off. I honestly don't understand the appeal.
Yeah but DC can't be THAT stupid. Horror franchises making a lot of money is a secular thing. It can't really blend into other genres and expect similar results. Horror franchises have always been unique in the way they conduct their approach and it's always been a different approach than any other genre. They do not mix and taking a horror guy and trying to get him to do other things is not going to work out the way they think. They're basically taking someone out of their element and asking them to perform as well as they did in their element. It's not the same approach, methods or techniques. Sure he has producing skills but like I said, only in horror. It's a VERY different thing! Obviously we all don't know the full extent and DC must feel confident in the guy, or they're just so dumb they really don't know what to do and thought "Hey, that guy produced IT and a lot of successful horror franchises over the past decade or two, surely he can do the same here at DC, right?!" Well, IT was a phenomenon, that's lightning in a bottle that won't be captured again. The rest of the films on his resume aren't great films by any means.
but being mentioned by Richard Donner doesn't make you an expert in filmmaking.
I like how people are hyping him up and ignoring all the snoozers he produced. He produced 5 successful films scattered between other films that are basically shit. Conjuring 1&amp;2 are great, but are we really going to ignore James Wan, Chad &amp; Carey Hayes, the masterminds behind both films?? Annabelle &amp; Annabelle Creation, neither of those films were "Great" films by any means. They were average, if not slightly below average horror films that made a lot of money because horror is one of the last very successful genres for movie going experiences. Don't believe me? Look it up. IT was good but it was lightning in a bottle. I just think DC is making a mistake. I may be wrong but Hamada's focus has always been horror, that's what's made him money and that's the only thing he's done successfully. Now they're taking him out of his element and having him focus on super hero movies. Seems foolish. By the way, how is Conjuring a cinematic shared universe?
Maybe Poirier shouldn't have milked the "oh my head, he knee'd me while I was down, I can't continue!" nonsense and he could have had a chance to win that fight, but he played a stupid game and won a stupid prize. Now he's trying to get it back because I bet he knows he made a mistake.
ducking... he already fought him. Why would he duck? Dustin was the one who milked the head injury when he clearly wasn't that injured. Then they called the fight. He's probably feeling stupid for playing up the injury. Now he has a NC on his record for a fight he could have continued. That's on him, not Eddie or UFC. If he really thought he could beat Eddie, then he should have got back up and fought.
Anytime I check trending videos, I feel disgusted by humanity.
Newspaper pumps out bullshit just as much as the trending tab does.
Okay what the hell is going on here. Knee's are the easiest part of your body to damage. They're fragile. You don't just smash your knee into a metal pole.
*You* want to know who I am? *I* want to know who I am!
So true. I had to break up with this girl who was belittling in public and liked to try and control her men. But even though I couldn't stand her anymore, the first week or two of separation was really rough. It was like going through withdrawals.
So you're saying we should just dropkick the guy's playing pool, throw them overboard, flex, then use the table?
"Our company man who makes us millions would NEVER do something like that!"
Too bad it looked incredibly lame
I like it. Let's add an explosion and call it a warp.
Fan of both of these women. What people don't remember is that Torres was undefeated when she entered into TUF and was expected to be the one to fight Carla for the belt. Teica beat VanZant, Herrig, Rose, Hill and recently Waterson. That's a great list! Rose later won in the rematch but on her Pro, official record (outside of TUF), her only loss is to Rose. 10-1.
I think he's just trying to hit the "button" behind the ear, so he's extending his reach on a few of those shots, which means he can't bend his arm to hook or hit with the front part of the glove. Funny enough, Fedor broke his hands many, many times in his career and dealt with a plaguing hand injury for 10 years or so. No joke. When he retired for a few years and came back, he said his hand (and a career worth of injuries) finally healed and he felt a lot better. Although, the way he threw it was very accurate, so even though he broke his hands often, he was a very effective way to win. Which just adds to the badassery that is Fedor.
To be fair, he's pulled in a few hundred billion already. But yeah, it's still a waste of money.
THANK YOU SO MUCH for that info!!! However, the far right is actually Shinobu Kandori. Kandori is very well known as well, even in 1995, people were saying how honored they were to just be in the same room as her. Now she's also a politician, apparently. I'm going to try and find those weekly shows. That's so awesome man, I appreciate that info. Been trying to fit all these puzzle pieces together.
bahaha Yeah I'd love to know more about where the eff that guy gets his ideas.
Well, it seems only fitting that you should bring it just in case the judges give it to the opponent.
Beautifully put.
Before he'd know it, he'd be jabbed in the face. Everyone has a plan until they get hit in the face. She's an amazing grappler. If he tried to grab her, she'd put him to sleep.
I won the golden belt, bro!
THANK YOU!!!! This is awesome
word for word? What the fuck are you talking about? Go find the clip, then because I am sure as fuck not saying anything "word for word". I even said "**It was quite telling when he was on the JRE**". I was talking *about* the podcast interview... are you just dumb or just a hater or just a troll or what?
It's actually quite dangerous to fight, too.
Are people trying to deny that some countries aren't shitholes? Because there are definitely shithole countries...
We're just going to milk Star Wars to death? Is that the plan? Make a movie about every single character until all the mystery is gone? Star Wars can't be original for the life of them, at least not in an interesting way.
Honestly I'm happy it's over. I know that's not a popular opinion but I don't care. Machida was a very boring fighter when things didn't align just right. He would also complain about decision losses where he did absolutely nothing in the fight. Sitting back, waiting to counter and being unable to, doesn't win you a fight. That's always irked me the wrong way.
Guess I didn't realize it was this bad. They lost all my respect after The Last Jedi.
I highly doubt this is a serious game...
One thing I love about Invicta is that the fighters are all very supportive of each other.
What a war
Good article, Amy! Glad to see you're still in the community. It's Marc, by the way
It sucked in the way the prequels sucked. Sure it has a few great scenes, but the logic is so horrible. The lows are too low. I'd honestly consider this movie a steaming pile of trash.
I watched the first trailer once and didn't watch anything else. I didn't like the trailer and was shocked at how bad the movie was. You have to be blind not to see the glaring holes in the plot. You have to WORK at ignoring the cringey horrible ideas and flat jokes. This movie was trash. I'm a below average fan. I like star wars but don't shit my pants over seeing the mellenium falcon like so many other dull people do.
Theyd be worse in the hands of George. Blind fanboyism is as close to insanity that you can get.
Haha this is an amazing belt
The card as a whole, 5 out of 10. Why so low? Because aside from the two really awesome fights, there's a lot of unknowns on the card. Sure we have two amazing fights but that's not enough to make up for the rest of the lackluster card. There's a few I'm interested in seeing but honestly I couldn't care less for anything on the prelims.
EEEEEEEE!!!!
It's weird to think that we're basically just fish who've found a way to retain enough water in our skin sacks to hang out on land. We just have to keep refilling our sacks.
Sorry, I thought it was a custom project of some sort and had no idea where to post it.
I thought it was a smart move. Next should be the announcer.
One of Bellators biggest flaws that we fans all discuss is the lack of real promotion for it's fighters. It's commonly agreed and understood that Bellator needs better promotion. What steps have you taken to correct this? You're around it all day so you may believe the marketing is solid, but as fans, we can compare and it's sort of night and day. You have guys like Rory, who used to be a big star, but once he joined Bellator, it was like he went into hiding. Nobody knows much about him anymore, he's never around, only fought once until tonight. You guys desperately need some sort of pre-fight hype. Embedded style videos, capture the humanity of your fighters, their personalities. They need more spotlight. Most people don't know anything about the Bellator fighters. Make it easier for fans to know everything they possibly can about these guys. You have Joey Beltran fighting Ian Butler. Ian has an amazing story yet I've never seen a single thing about the guy being promoted by Bellator. Why have him fight at all then? With social media outlets, you should he filling those things up with info about your fighters. Shoot, I'm a filmmaker / photographer. I'd gladly go talk with your fighters, interview them and help the world understand who these people are, which in turn gets them excited for the fight. Obviously you know this stuff. But some big changes need to happen I think to better sell your fighters. People want to get into the heads of these guys. You've got to put promotion first. Help people know your fighters. We don't need bobble heads of elderly fighters, we need context. Who are these guys? Look at how much people feel like they know Stipe or even Francis. Volkan as well! Only been in UFC a year and people are starting to see his true personality and getting a vibe of the guy. Bellator doesn't really give their fighters a place to express who they are outside the cage. That's what we could call it, Outside the Cage. An embedded style show that follows the fighters to learn about them. Think of guys like Cowboy. What a badass right? Embedded helps us paint the picture of who Cowboy is. It creates a deeper level of fandom when people feel they relate or feel they personally know the fighters. If Bellator told us who it's fighters were in an entertaining, digestible way, you could have a much much bigger fan base who are die hard fans. I just don't think you'll break through the way UFC has done without a better platform to promote you fighters.
"You know what it felt like? Felt just like a Ford Focus hitting you scare in the lips."
So much for "I want Kabib in Russia."
Aw, he froze to death.
The only reason he came back for TFA was to be killed off. To fix that error they feel they made. He should have died at the end of Empire. That's why he had absolutely nothing to do in Jedi. Also, the first part of Jedi was suppose to be an entire movie. Boba Fett was suppose to be the main villain for an entire movie and possibly a trilogy, originally. What sucks is, originally they wanted to do a lot more films. Back then they had the idea for Rogue One and wanted to make that into a film, they wanted to do Boba Fett as a villain, etc. Would have been interesting.
Yeah, that's not how it works pal.
mmmm no
They have such weird faces
I think he had that 1,000 yard stare when his wife or fiance left him.
Just to mention, Screen Junkies has a few decent people on the show. The rest are way too focused on not offending anyone, staying within the lines, being a bit too pretentious about their excitement for things. Ultimately it's pretty bad. Although Dan is a gem on that show. Dan is the real deal and I'd love to see him collaborate with RLM. He's a genuine movie buff who is passionate about movies and isn't afraid to call bad shit out of when he sees it. He also doesn't play the corporate "Star Wars, everybody, get super excited and buy porgs" bullshit. He will rip something to shreds if he needs and he stands by his opinions while the rest of the group tend to stick to the script corporate has wrote for them. Which is sad. Spencer is halfway decent. He can be a smug little prick sometimes but he's always willing to break from script which I can respect. The rest of the group are a bunch of SJW liberals who try to put doses of politics in with their review and it's caused me to turn them off completely. They're naive fools who don't know what they're talking about and try to act like they do. Other than a few people on that show, it's mostly pretentious liberal garbage.
I like how he just proves RLM's point that they're grown men acting like children.
Seems they're running a little behind. Edit, post is wrong. It's actually 7:00pm ET (4pm PT)
What's the history of this photo? I've never understood the humor behind it.
Slightly different issue here. Democrats REFUSE to play ball. That's out of his hands. How can it not be? What can he possibly do to get them on board? Absolutely nothing. Let's be honest here. It takes 60 votes, there's only 52 republicans and not a single democrat will ever vote in favor of anything Trump does, so of COURSE those 8 votes will be absent. That's out of Trump's hands and you know it. If anything is actually going to get done, we have to live in the realm of reality and face it. Stop insulting each other and start working together to get shit done. This hurts democrats as much as it hurts republicans yet nobody wants to admit it. Nobody is looking at it from center field. Everyone wants to be an extreme and refuses to give each other the rights they deserve. Knock that shit off and be fair with each other for fuck sake. Stop this constant hate and bombardment of hate on each other.
Nice, I'll add it to my watch list. Never heard of it.
Thanks for the info
Huh good point! I didn't think about Carrie's reaction. Although I remember hearing Rian didn't share the ending of the film to anyone and they actually shot MULTIPLE different ending scenes but even writing that out seems like just a rumor, so I'm not sure.
I'm a photographer / videographer and have worked a few Bellators as media, so I've been able to see a little behind the scenes and it's sort of shocking at how simple it is. No disrespect but they put very little money into live shows, at least they did year or two ago. Since then it looks like they're putting more effort into their bigger shows, but they just aren't all that impressive. As media, they give you a usb with info about the fighters, but it's mostly just stats I can get online. Although, even then, there was just, zero real info about the fighters other than their records. As soon as a fighter leaves the cage, they already have the next fighters queued up at the door ready to walk out. They pump them out quick. But it would have been great to see them take a moment and introduce their fighters, tell them their background, where they're from, how long they've been fighting, it would take them an extra 2 minutes to just introduce the fighters, but instead, they just pump them out. "FIGHT, OKAY, ONTO THE NEXT, QUICK, GET THEM IN HERE, OK FIGHT'S OVER, GET THEM OUT GO GO GO, NEXT FIGHTERS GET IN QUICK, LET'S GO, OK FIGHT, OK GTFO OUT FOR THE NEXT FIGHTERS, GO GO GO." It's so rushed that as media, it was hard to keep track of who's-who. The fights were out of order on the prelims, too, nobody notified us so media is scrambling to keep track of who's actually in the cage so they can accurately write about it. Things I'm sure have improved over the last few years, but still, they could easily be a MUCH more entertaining promotion with a lot more value, dimension and attraction if they valued the "promotion" aspect of their company. They're willing to drop their color commentator, they should do the same with their promotion team and replace it with a team who's willing to bring things to the modern edge of production value. Instead? They have tape delayed fights. Zero hyped fighters. They use old fighters fame in order to strengthen their own. They have static one camera shots of weigh-ins. They do the absolute bare minimum... I just don't get it.
He's since found someone new and married. But it was the lady before this current one.
DID I MENTION HE DIGS SAND!?
Dual screen ftw
That kid from the embedded episode was a goddamn genius!
Eh, he puts the business first, which I respect.
They buy into the hype. Which is a casual fan thing to do.
It was genuinely great to have a card where all 4 guys in the co and main were likable guys. I was actually a little worried when Volkan and Cormier were getting into it, and then they made up in the same episode. Gave me the comfeels.
&gt; After Robots Thanks for this recommendation. Been listening to them all day. Great band!!
Wait a minute. Yes, women are in full control of their bodies but THAT BABY IS HALF HIS AND HE WOULD HAVE TO BE THE ONE TO SUPPORT IT. For FUCK sake, this world is going batshit insane.
Most men have had the ex who pretends she's pregnant or uses it as a manipulation tool. Worst type of people.
You're paying for dye and water. How dumb can people be to buy this trash. Unfortunately the world IS that dumb.
It's dye. It's just dye and water. It's not "crazy" or "cool" it's a gimmick and dumb.
Because it's dye. It's just a dumb gimmick.
Because dumb people fall for shit like this.
Imagine if you just took the time to actually learn guitar. Then you could ACTUALLY play it, instead of playing with a toy.
Looks like theirs a guitar right behind him. Thankfully. Was going to agree that it's a total waste.
It was hilarious to see Cindy beat Reina in Rizin. Reina had such an epic walkout with a live band playing for her, everyone cheering, all this hype and she gets beat by fucking Cindy Dandois. LOL Ah, Rizin.
I think what hits me so hard about this movie is that it feels like it could be real. As if it could have happened. That level of creepiness exceeds most haunting films for me because it leaves me truly unsettled. The level of detail and immersion is unlike any horror film I've seen. It really takes you back to 1630. Few films have had such an effect on me that I had to re-watch it the following night. It really stuck with me. I'm really interested to see what this director does next. His attention to detail reminds me of Kubrick! and it was his first movie! It's crazy.
I think we need a [Not Serious] Tag as well!
It was pretty bare bones. Lets be honest. It needed a revamp
I had zero expectations and was let down by the bad plot. I don't see how a bad plot will age well. That makes no sense...
Looper made sense and was well made and interesting...
Good find
Yeesh
That was cool
Def not the greatest bad movie ever made... That's just ridiculous to say.
Also Prog 101 which is pretty established
I don't see Mladen winning the rematch
Good scrap by Rico.
This looks great! Haha
SAME HERE!! Holy crap. Every single night, all night long. It's like having an alarm constantly going on outside your window. Driving me nuts!
They sound like metal screeching on metal. Really strange noises. You'd expect a parrot to have a nicer voice.
It's surprising to me that they can stay awake for it.
Props to Lamas for accepting. We've seen a few attempts since and half the time the opponent back offs.
FACT edit: was just trying to be silly!
That's fucking hilarious
It's like a tradition for someone to make this comment in every single post.
Whoa that's bad ass
It's just a nice refreshing change.
I read that and looked over to the side bar. LOL Spitting image.
Underhook should be the new TAPOUT shirt
Didn't realize Owens died. That sucks. Saw them on the same tour! Easily the best show I've ever seen. Francis is my favorite album of theirs for that very reason
He was really involved on Amputecture
You know her personally?
It's children and manchildren. Of course they're going to be immature and childish.
Slow blink.
That's sort of dirty propaganda. "Everyone says it's bad? Ignore them! We need to break even on this movie. See it in theaters now!... and I mean NOW!!!"
CNN in a nutshell
Has Punk been interviewed since the fight?
And the mentality
Honestly, nobody should ever shoot a film until they learn proper lighting. Lighting is everything. Your camera is picking up light to create an image. Master it. Otherwise your films will continue to look a bit amateurish.
Aw, he's back to getting hammered, huh? Thought the challenge might have helped him.
I don't get it. It's not like he forced her to stay in the relationship, she chose to stay with a crazy man and wants him to pay for the damages? I mean, the situation sucks for sure. Sounds horrible. But I don't get it, you become a slave for someone even though the door is there, unlocked. Just leave him. If he's a crazy abusive guy, leave him. While I do feel bad she had to go through that, I don't have sympathy for someone who chooses to stay with someome who does that.
That was incredible. Some shots I would have never guessed were cgi. Really impressive work. The shadows and reflections added to the car on certain scenes blew my mind as well. Could watch this stuff all day.
Can't win against haters. No matter what ya do. That's the world we live in, sadly.
Got me to tears of laughter
The Witch
Seems like way too much gear and setup for such a simple shot. A glidecam could have done this shot.
If you haven't listened to this album and you're a fan of Ayreon, give it a listen! It reminds me of Human Equation. It's truly a work of progressive art.
Follow along with the lyrics for a great ride -- Part I: confession -- I remember every day I meant no harm Love at the first sight Sheltered by his hand I was young and just a child My heart so strong The taste of a new life More than words can say And I prayed Forbode a happy ending For her life He promised me the moon all day and night Foreshadowing, I did not disavow She did not disavow Was it right or was it wrong? She did not care! Selfish and blindfold She left him out in the rain After many years ago By a fluke He became her fortune A simper on his face Without grace Forbode no happy ending For her life She didn't see the red light glowing bright The helping hand was there, beyond the light He followed every footstep That she went He knew about my lige and our plans And finally he had his field day -- Part II: A Broken Man -- In my heart Was nothing more than emptiness Crestfallen by the words she said Oh Christ what has she done? Painful eyes All my dreams were blown away The chain around my neck was close-drawn In one fell swoop Left alone In his lonley world he was captured in his feelings Built a wall around his mind So he fell asleep To start his only dream Then he lost his confidence in everyone and everything What will become of a broken man? Has he ever overcome? She didn't give a damn Day after day And night after night He followed every breath, each step I was aware That I made such a big mistake To keep that secret by myself But son, what should I do Believe! Met my own destiny But I could not keep my hands off them My eagerness was stronger than my will What will become of a broken man? Has he ever overcome? She didn't give a damn Day after day And night after night He followed every breath. And! -- Part III: Flaming Row -- Go! Flaming! Row! Flaming! Show! Breaking through his imaginary wall Fear! Surrounding! Near! Pounding! Hear! Breaking! Distress yourself Accept your fate Attend to it, don't hesitate Ignore your fear, recall back in time again Now take this life Be satisfied This job is done, sense of delight Your job is done my friend!! -- Part IV: On the run -- Gerrit Schwerthelm Marek Arnold Still I am on the run So afraid and alone I stay the course, uninjured I a close the the cone I deserve disgrace But will win the race On my own Be a man Have a try See me falling from the sky Still I lodge my claim Until the sun will rise The sun! Sun! Will rise Fear my force No remorse The full rigor of my own law I will satisfy my task today So take your chance But you can't run away Martin Schnella Try to hide from your fate You can never escape I make sure, unsecured you'll belong to the late At the crack of dawn I'll live up my own name Beware! Be a man Have a try See me falling from the sky Still I lodge my claim Until the sun will rise The sun! Sun! Will rise Fear my force No remorse The full rigor of my own law I will satisfy my task today So take your chance But you can't run away -- Part V: A world of make believe -- Can you hear the calling? Can you hear the calling? We, will always be bound forever Full of love And faith surrounds our minds We can carry on in this way Our souls will fall asleep A world of make believe Adam fell asleep And never woke up from this evil dream It started with Elinoire That little moment's how it all began Silently he stares Without a word at the naked walls Surrounding him day by day The time is fading can't you see the dawn
True but the final shot was shaky.
Not trying to advertise my videos or anything, but I found a $25 lav mic that works perfect. I've had zero problems. If you want to hear how it sounds [Here is a timestamped spot](https://youtu.be/FYFcpHqXf50?t=17m28s). [This is the mic](https://www.amazon.com/Audio-Technica-ATR-3350IS-Omnidirectional-Condenser-Smartphone/dp/B00HZA6EJO/ref=sr_1_40?ie=UTF8&amp;qid=1529813082&amp;sr=8-40&amp;keywords=lav+mic), looks like it's currently $30. Still not a bad price for a good sounding lav mic. I plug it right into my sony a6500 or into an H1 and it works perfectly. Just set your levels to -12 (standard vocal range) and it works like a charm.
Bellator has tough guys. I don't think so.
No it's not. Lighting is what makes a film. Learning the basics is crucial to making a competent-looking film. That was my point from the start. Ignoring it is ignoring a key aspect in filmmaking.
I absolutely love drums and always tend to focus more on the drumming in songs and his drumming really struck me, his drumming is so *passionate*. So many songs give me chills due to the drums alone. Dude found his passion.
Weird album to listen to doing anal bang bang.
They didn't write lyrics when they made their album. Lyrics came after the songs were written. lyrics were written after the melodies of the vocals were figured out. They'd go back and fill them with words that worked with the melodies.
WHAT
Francis is by far their best album. You gotta give that thing another listen. Noc is their worst. Your final list is similar to mine. Although I do Francis / Amp / Deloused / Bedlam / Oct / Noc
Haha thanks. Yeah it spawned a magazine called Psychotronic Video magazine that covered obscure movies. The best of the worst in magazine-form in the 80's.
Damn, rough matchup for Alex. Side note, Alex is so beautiful.
Democrats got us Californians in this mess. But nobody wants to admit that or own up to it to fix the damn problem.
Oh please. Harley Davidson has been in trouble for almost a decade. Acting like this is Trumps fault is just another excuse. Everyone loves to just blame Trump instead of actually looking at the details. This is completely ignorant and sounds like another whiney, uneducated post from someone who doesn't understand what they're talking about. I'm getting so sick of politics and everyone pointing fingers.
That movie was utter trash
I heart Huckabee's. It has existential detectives in it! It's all about an existential crisis a guy is going through, so he hires existential detectives to help him figure it out.
What the fuck, Rizin
Played and loved Titan Quest. I'll check out Grim Dawn. Thanks!
Thanks! I played almost through the entire Titan Quest, so I'll check out Grim Dawn
I'm pretty sure it was removed by YouTube algorithm.
He has also said for years he wants to retire when a Republican is president.
So? This entire subreddit is based on bipartisanship and bias. What's the difference. You guys push that stuff hard. I'm a centralists and this place pisses me off with its bias. This post alone is proof of blatant false narrative to push your agenda.
15k upvotes. A false story is pushed to the front page and you guys just let it happen. You're losing the battle pushing fake shit like this.
I have not... Thanks! Looks awesome
&gt; Battlechasers Night War Visually looks awesome! Not a fan of turn-base games, however. Appreciate the response tho
ah right, my opinion doesn't matter, just yours. Good luck with that.
Yeah he's definitely reading
One parent may have had blonde hair and the other had brown, perhaps?
Chuck vs. Tito 4 confirmed
I think it's just a mix of skilled and unskilled fighters who easily get baited into the feints. Seems like the higher the skill, the better you can see those things coming.
Damn, son.
She came in 5.5 pounds over the weight limit yesterday when she weighed in. She gives Schev 30% of her purse.
EYY?
[hay](https://industryjournal24.com/wp-content/uploads/2018/11/Hay-Market.jpg)
Trump just recently signed a bill [S. 3508](https://www.congress.gov/bill/115th-congress/senate-bill/3508/text) that will help clean the oceans. 10 million a year they'll be spending on cleaning the trash out of the ocean. If you want to get involved, start there.
Drink out of the cup instead?
Exactly. Talk to Mexico, or China. I live close to the border to Mexico and the ocean is ALWAYS closed because of all the pollution that Mexico pumps into the ocean just a few miles (at most) from the border. It's a serious problem in so-cal and many people get rashes and weird problems from surfing in San Diego (depends on the day and how much waste) but it's been a big problem. People forget that there are many other countries out there and the worst polluters do NOTHING to combat it. Such as China who is the worst polluter in the world and who has 20 years before they have to do anything about their waste. Thankfully Trump signed a bill to clean up the oceans. [Here's the bill](https://www.congress.gov/bill/115th-congress/senate-bill/3508/text)
Actually it's going to come down to people like you and I not buying things in plastic and they'll change it. But people won't stop. Plenty people outraged in these comments probably used something in plastic this very day.
Funnily enough, that's exactly what Lucas wanted to do, create a 50's B-movie style Indiana Jones. Original name was Indiana Jones and the Saucermen from Mars or something like that. Also another name was Indiana Jones and the attack of the giant ants, or something like that. But yeah, it explains a lot!
Found it funny the first time and pretty boring the second viewing
Ah right Thomas played on Octa
I don't think it had to cling to a decade, though it did touch on it with a few shots.
It's weak compared to their other New Years cards. Their end-of-the-year cards are always their biggest events.
He lost them tates?
I like your Egyptian statue, man! I have a little sphinx and just want to deck my entire house with bad ass Egyptian decor.
ohh gotcha, gotta look that one up!
Savage leg kicks, damn.
T-Artem would like a word
Many Americans are abandoning cable which is just an ad-fest.
Caraway about to get KTFO
Sure can't take a hit like Gathje
Caraway took a lot of heavy hits to the face. He seemed dazed pretty early.
Just read about Caraway and damn, feel bad for him. Coach committed suicide, he's been with him since he was 18. Lost Tate who he was with for years and said his last loss was really hard on him. Pressure creates diamonds. Hopefully he finds some strength in all this.
A few months later they removed the bullet. Damn!
Just need a little phone to glue to his hand haha
damn son. Can't imagine being a dad and having to go through that and see your wife have to go through that.
He's still my boy!
Negan of all characters? What in the...
What hype, exactly? It's just a random character. What makes it so special that you're actually hyped? What are you expecting? I don't get it.
My guess the story. Something happens, causing a character to get super powers. Something else happens causing someone to get really mad and become a villain. Then the two fight.
It's just a bunch of colors over the photo of a person.
I answered your question, weirdo. Get off the internet for a while if you can't handle a simple discussion without going into hysteria.
True! Learning some good kicking techniques is a great skill for a female fighter.
2nd gate should go on top of the first gate maybe?
Easy to trick stupid people, apparently.
&gt; Lots of drugs, probably not very smart, and very arrogant so thinks because he can’t understand it everyone else in the world must be wrong. This is all too common. Arrogance alone hinders education. Many dumb arrogant people refuse to take on new ideas or change their personal views when presented with evidence of the contrary simply because their ego. Therefore, they never actually learn. Plus it makes them think they're the smartest people on Earth because somehow they figured something out that few others have. It's ironic. They're so stupid that they think their dumb ideas are groundbreaking. When in fact, they're so dumb that they're ideas are on par with someone from the 1500's.
Interesting tid-bit. Alexander The Great established many "Alexandrias" around the world. Same with the Library of Alexandria, that's all thanks for Alexander The Great. Eratosthenes was a Greek. So, we wouldn't have had the Library if it wasn't for Alexander The Great. Just found that really interesting.
$2 person would do really well I think on his Patreon
Kinda like people, some shrine and some don't.
Well I'll be damned. We need more adventure films!
Making it like Miniature Golf would be great. Maybe a loop, cool tracks, a pirate ship.
Straight up WAR
Absolutely. Maps, game-modes, revamped the layouts, revamped the menus, new free skins as well as paid, holiday events that give you free stuff.
Curious what makes it so funny to you? They have some of the biggest advertisers of any MMA promotion. Disney. Marvel. Facebook. Just because the Asian market is unknown to you, doens't mean it doesn't exist.
Yeah, very true. I don't think he's degraded in skill, I just don't think his head is fully in MMA anymore. I mean, what do I know? Right? But just from a fans perspective, I just don't think he has the hunger anymore. I'm a fan, which is why I think he should hang them up. It's tough seeing him continue to get smashed.
GRIPPING!
SOMETHING NEW
Exactly. What HYPE? It's just a TV character.
It's a straight forward question. Who the fuck gets hyped over a TV character with a bat in a Tekken game?
The photo is just a person standing with a bunch of colorful magic around them. It's just not that intriguing. What am I suppose to get from this? That she shops at the same store that all the other superheros shop?
He used to
There's a saying that sound is 60% of a movie. If you think back to some of the greatest movies, it's the music that really makes the impact. Indiana Jones, Harry Potter, Star Wars, Jurassic Park, etc. I know those are all John Williams scores but the point is that those soundtracks, those theme songs really hit you hard. A good composure can make a score that leaves the theater with you. You sing it, you hear it in your mind, it helps create that emotional connection to the story and the watcher.
Not really. 303 makes more sense for "trinity" since the definition of trinity is "a group of 3". His apartment is 101 because it represents neo being "the one". Also 101 represents being new to something. He's being taught about the matrix and also is "neo" (aka one), therefore 101 makes perfect sense.
So excited for this game!! Gives me Dark Alliance flashbacks. Which is a huge compliment.
Chaosbane!
Check out Chaosbane
What exactly is he benefitting from Russia?
It's not a Christmas movie. Just because it had Christmas in it, doesn't make it a Christmas movie. It's like saying Batman Returns is a Christmas movie.
Heyyy, so-cal man here. How did you like it here? Also I hope one day to see Rizin live. I'm an MMA photographer and it's on my bucket list. Is there a lot of entertainment planned between fights? I remember one year there was a lady hanging from the ceiling with a dress that had spider leg or something. It was so cool. And the hooded drummers. Excited to see what you guys have planned this year.
That's pretty vague. What do you mean exactly? Isn't that a good thing to not be meddling in everyone else's business?
You think that's a fart your smelling?
Very clean!
Looks story driven. Excited!
Could have wrote it better. Luke should have died in the third.
That's unfair. He got that rep from lost but he didn't write all of lost. When lost was greenlit, they had no script, no crew, no set, no actors. They threw together an idea and shot it all within the span of a few weeks. Then he handed it off. What he was able to create in just a few weeks with that first episode is nothing short of amazing. He was part of 2 episodes and yet everyone blames him for the whole show. It's ridiculous and naive and so typical of Reddit to get it wrong. He just started the show. He's had multiple movies that have good endings. Mission Impossible, Star Trek, Super 8. Also Force Awakens was the first in a trilogy, they hired him specifically to build the mystery. Didn't you want to see what happened next after the credits rolled? People had theories for years. Wouldn't you prefer that fun mystery to the ending of TLJ where it feels like you have nothing to look forward to and speculate on? I don't get the hate. I enjoy when something feels bigger than the sum of its parts. It wasn't his job to write all three. It was his job to write part one of three. Of course you're going to get unanswered questions. That's the whole point! Blame Rian for throwing all of that out. Disney with all their money could have hired someone to write the next piece. Plus, JJ had an outline for all three films that Rian decided to throw out. So don't blame JJ.
What do you mean, contrary to predictions? Plenty of people predicted usage would go down if it was legalized. That's the thing about predictions, there's always a variety of them. It's a bit of a lie to act like everyone assumed usage would go up.
Because it's the Skywalker story. It was mainly about Luke. It should have had his arch come to an end in the final Skywalker film. Now we have a Skywalker film with no living Skywalkers in it. Seems like common fucking sense to me.
...... It was a test. They're mining data here. It's not what the final tubes will look like. Are you seriously that dense?
I like that idea even better!
I agree. And it's ridiculous that people criticize the fact that whites are there. America was formed by British whites. Majority of people here are white. It's not some racist conspiracy. It's like going to Japan and being upset at all the Japanese people there. Or going to Ireland and being pissed that it's mostly redheads. Like what the fuck do you expect? Do people go to Canada and get furious that there's so many whites there? Do people go to Brazil and boycott the fact that so many Brazilians live there? Forced diversity is not diversity. Hating on whites doesn't fix anything. It's blind racism against whites for simply existing.
Wait. You wrote out an opinion and are upset that someone replied to you?
Thanks! Cheers!
Can u explain?
It's just the one nod, actually.
A6500 as well
There's so many good free alternatives that there's absolutely no point in using Windows movie Maker anymore. For instance, davinci resolve.
Bananas are GMO. The bananas we all enjoy do not exist in nature the same way.
... most people? No. Most people don't think that.
When I was about her age, my sister and I did the same thing. Only difference was I was bouncing around near our pool and I feel in the deep end. I was upside down and couldn't flip back up to get air. I was freaking out so much that I lost the little air I had and sank to the bottom of the pool. I'll never forget looking up through the water hoping to see my sister jump in to save me but I knew she was also wrapped up. Just as I had no more air left and I felt like I was about to die, a huge wave of adrenaline hit me and my little spaghetti arm ripped through the shirt and I was able to swim up to the surface with that arm. One of the most terrifying moments of my life that I'll never forget.
Definitely going to do that.
Haha
&lt;3
That was just bad editing. You see that issue in many movies where there's a song everyone is apparently dancing to or whatnot. Editor needs to tighten it up
Snakes like "ahhhhhh!!! Get me the fuck out of here!!"
"This is some good shit!!"
Whoa, what the... Does it have to do with the food mama bird fed him? At first I thought it ate a toxic worm and the worm was taking over the birds body or something. Really tripped me out. Still tripped out and confused.
[RX Bandits - Mandala](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NhqazKSd48I&amp;list=PLiQX9OP04X3ZIwbpBhvGU4zjJieS7WnIP&amp;index=2) This album is the closest I've found to something similar to TMV in my opinion. Although, there's a lot of bands with elements of Volta. From Prog to Krautrock. Here's a few that come to mind. mewithoutyou - nine stories (off the album ten stories) whole album is worth a listen and is also a concept album like some of the volta albums. The Dear Hunter - IV and V are incredible albums with some very complex music that is just incredible. Polyphia - an instrumental band that has some amazing structured music. Ayreon - The Human Equation. One of the most complex and full concept albums ever made. About 9 different singers, listen closely and you may recognize a few. Flaming Row - though they're more on the side of metal, they have some amazing music and wonderful concept albums. Dream Theater The Physics House Club If you like the off-beat crazy mathy type of music, there's bands such as: Mutiny on the Bounty Night Versus The Omnific Mouse on the Keys LITE Ex-Girl And so i watch you from afar
+1 for mewithoutyou, comus and Zappa, hell yeah!
Man, that's amazing.
I think editing is the most rewarding part of the whole process. When you get the cut just right, it's a great feeling. Especially when the video comes together better than expected and seeing it with music and color correction, really feels good. As far as the process of editing goes, I enjoy it a lot. It's like building a puzzle. You have all the pieces, now it's time to put them all together. Each clip is fun to analyze and take notes on what to improve or repeat. I think editing is one of those things that either you like it or you don't, doesn't seem to be much grey area but I could be wrong.
I honestly have zero interest in the next film. I'm sure I'll get more entertainment from 4 hacks sitting around a table laughing like hyenas.
I laughed for a good while at your comment. That is fucking hilarious!!
What amazes me most about this building is how tall it is and after all these years it's still standing. You'd think that there'd be soft ground SOMEWHERE that eventually over time part of the castle would sink, but nope, the builders found the perfect spot. Really incredible.
On-shore break? If so those are insanely rough to get through.
Try jumping onto a pile of weights
That looks like a hilarious blast of fun
That was sax a great era
From my understanding, they can pinpoint using MRI or x-ray.
MMA fighters train burst movements to work on their speed and reflexes, the same technique might help with getting that spring effect.
GSP vs Askren?
The crowd goes APESHIT WILD
"But yeah, he did not fail a drug test" Dana *GULP* White
And Redditors will leave a comment and move on even though if this was a guy doing it to a girl, they'd have riots and say all me are pigs, etc etc.
It's actually where the demand is that matters
Love that movie. Reminds me of Zombieland. Kelli Maroney was mesmerizing.
Look into Victory MMA. Certain classes are around $60 a month. Notable teachers like Dean Lister. Many pro fighters go through there.
Curious, what's the best way to get a job working in that field?
Movies: [La Mesa used to be a mini Hollywood during the silent movie era](https://patch.com/california/lamesa/la-mesas-cinematic-past-focus-of-silent-film). Over a hundred silent films were made in La Mesa! &gt;Titles of Flying A films produced in the period featuring local references including The Poisoned Flume, Bonita of El Cajon, Mystical Maid of Jamacha Pass, Bandit of Point Loma, The Land Baron of San-Tee, and The Winning of La Mesa. Music: Speaking of La Mesa, it's also where Dave Mustaine (Megatdeth) is from. TV: Some of the Mystery Science Theater 3000 guys are located in San Diego. Mega64 are from Santee.
I think it's time for you to leave.
Activison and Blizzard have contractual agreements. You can write a million letters to them but that doesn't change the fact they cannot change in the ways you hope. It's just not possible anymore. They are now one company. The only thing that can happen is the last 2 main heads from Blizzard leave and create a new company, but I bet in the contractual agreements, they can't make another company for X amount of time, could be 5 years, could be 10. We have no choice but to let it die. Let them learn their lesson.
We don't know all the details yet. Dana was going to break more info at last night's event but due to the complications of the card, they're moving the info to Jan 19ths card
There's 2 I think. There's typically an intermission between co-main and main event. Sometimes it's like an hour long. I have no idea why but it's horrendous when you're staying up extremely late into the early morning and have to wait an hour for the final fight. I typically fall asleep and say fuck it.
Honestly seems like the absolute worst business move you can make if you have Floyd on your card. The only reason I can think of why it's not is because Floyd had it in his contract to not air it in America for some ungodly reason.
Fun fact, the grandma and the other grandma who was going to fight Gabbi both competed in the first ever WMMA tournament back in 1995 or so. They both lost to a giant woman who was similar size to Gabbi. Felt like they wanted redemption for that one.
please share
Ah I see, makes sense.
Not too sure, but there's a rizin staff guy around here answering questions.
Rizingstaff, are you going to be at the fights? Are you working during the fights or anything like that?
That's when the card starts, but there's 14 fights.
Imagine. Two fighters flopping around the mat like fish trying to grab each other's legs. You're onto something, man, you're onto something.
Rizin shine
Welcome to Rizin, mother fuckers!!! Cup Noodle all day!!
Expressions experienced during a Rizin event... Oh shit!! Wtf is that?? Whoa! ...Is that a giant furby? What in the... ... Did anyone else see that thing? Nice move! OMG vicious knees and elbows! Good fight!! What in the flying fuck is that? Thats weird as fuck. I love it! That's weird as fuck, it's hilarious, I love it!
Shit you're right!! CUP NOODLE!!!
Got the lotion ready
Three fights or so. You've still got 11 or so fights to go
Oh thaaat's what was happening. I thought he was crying because he lost a fight or something because they cut to him getting punched and falling to the floor. Was so confused!
Would need to master the splits
HE'S HURT
Sweet, one I haven't seen. I'll check it out
What the...
Well Japanese have to take a martial arts in school, so maybe there's an advanced level out there we aren't privy to yet? Just a guess
Trying to stay awake for Rizin with the boiiizzzz.... Zzzz... Zzzz....
Only the rich ones do
It's not streamed in America
I'm in America, so his fight won't even be aired here. Which is fine, I'm not really watching for him.
We passed 30 minutes a little bit ago. Hopefully not too much longer.
Yesssss
Damien vs. Daron
What's the ETA?
My guess as well. Armbar in 1st
He was locked in an elevator and got so hungry he ate himself.
Yeah they're brothers
She's an all Natty beautiful petite woman
Ah Rizin is the best.
That's why some juice
GG
That uppercut landed. Rewatch it.
Well it's not comparable. Tenshi fights at 125 and 135. Floyd and Conor fought at 155 and Conor has to cut to make weight. Conor is slightly bigger than Floyd and Floyd is much bigger than Tenshi. It's like if Conor fought a 125er. Would be a dominant win by Conor. Same here with Floyd vs. Tenshi. It's why we have weight classes.
It's a metaphor for Jon in general. He keeps everyone at arm's distance. Doesn't seem to have any true close people in his life.
They put unrealistic expectations on Gabi to drop 30 lbs and she couldn't. She's just too big. So she cried about it on stage and apologized. Was actually pretty sad. She should just keep roiding and fight other scary roided women
Yeah her first fight she got tagged and fell on her butt.
Where is this stated exactly? Some random authors concept?
Honestly my least favorite part of filmmaking is color correction. There's so many ways I can adjust the colors. It's just way too overwhelming for me and I never feel satisfied with what I chose.
Why would you want photos of your dog on its death bed? Real strange. I'd want photos of my dog at his happiest, or with his favorite toy or in his favorite spot.
It's not feral. Feral cats don't meow
?
How has this card been?
Jimi Glass Jaw should retire :(
this kills the jimi
Awesome name
It's just a flesh wound!
Well, to be fair, this is a sport where people root for 1 of 2 guys. May have just been Gus fans trying to shoot Smith down?
265?
Wasn't that Conor?
Surprised you didn't draw in the sand. It leaves a tail of glow behind you. It's awesome!
Mexico has a big sewage runoff that goes into the ocean right past the border that causes IB to get closed a lot. It can cause rashes and all kinds of health issues. Check water contamination levels on local weather websites to see if it's safe to swim. It's a big issue that has been a concern for a long time but since it's in Mexico, not much can be done about it. If you google it, you'll find a lot of news stories throughout the years about it.
Remains my favorite show
The show is great and was #1 for many years.
So you can't enjoy his humor because you disagree with his politics? You sound a bit like a bigot?
Who cares?
Wait, you support cocaine smuggling?
It was #1 for many years. So you're a supporter of cocaine smuggling then if you're upset he ratted out drug dealers? I don't get that.
There's a reason many San Diego natives move away.
Bit off center there
lawllll
Or he's a weird sex pervert who masturbates to all the fighters in his leather dungeon.
horiguchIIIIIIIIIIIIII
Does the woman screaming think it's going to help if she yelps?
There's a firetruck in the audience
someone needs to grease that squeaky wheel
Just going to stick his face in his crotch for 5 rounds and take a nap or what?
uh are you watching the same fight as the rest of us?
She's being heard around the world tonight
he sleepy
Always. Love his energy, man.
What exactly is Caldwells gameplan? Get in the same position and just stalemate?
Stand them up
Caldwell needs to learn to give up stalemate positions
If I was Caldwell and rewatched this fight, I'd feel embarassed
Do you understand the jab that is fucking up yo mouth?
Asian lady up in the nosebleeds
MOTHER FUCKER. SAME GOD DAMN POSITION
WTF Does Caldwell think he's doing? Dude, it's NOT WORKING BRO. TRY SOMETHING ELSE you moron
Bellabore strikes again
I was just thinking that. Bellator just fucking sucks
Thank fucking god
atta boy gooch
Revenge of the EEEEE
Caldwell lost any fans he had
lmao
Give it to the GOOTCH
YESSSSS!!!
THE GOOTCH!!!!!!!!!
Proud of the judges. Don't think I've ever said that before.
She blew out her vocal chords
He was suffocating himself in the Gootches gootch.
Darian "Free Hugs" Caldwell
I think tape delay
Was really boring. Caldwell was giving out free hugs for 5 rounds but Gooch overcame
Thankfully stalling ain't winning
I'm cuddled up in bed with my teddy bear waiting for the fight to lure me to sleep
Now THAT would be an interesting fight... Bald fat man vs Bald fat man
a juicy snake?
TJ taught him the way of the juice
... did that dude just pour a monster all over his head?
Monster ad manager "NOOOOOOOOO!!!!!!!"
Dillon Dingus
Everyone does
God damn, Twitter is a cesspool. Those replies are just so cringe
I can't wait until he retires so we can retire the "he's undefeated LOL" joke.
GG Chael. You have a great career in commentary for your future. Dude finds success wherever he goes.
"Hey, Hey Chael, come back to my apartment? Shave my butthole? Chael??"
Rory about to get resurrected?
He'll go out and wake up 3 days later
Rory's fire is out :(
Rory still got it
Rory fanning the embers
Rory fanning the flames now
The Red King is alive and well
nah it's because of his last fight
Basically
This is the final round of the bible, shit gets intense
Judas is to blame for that full mount
don't get crucified, don't get crucified
that was a super shrimp
God-like defense
Gracie didn't suck, dude had a great jab and scary good submission skills but Rory is very well rounded and showed his high level defense
Rory "Slippery Jesus" Macdonald
I like how they're just hanging out together. Jesus would do the same
"AHAHAHAHA"
Jesus likes to keep things mysterious
BELLATOR
Jesus is out for blood
Rory is older, has kids and is in a different place in his life. It happens to many fighters. The flame goes out. Rory is clearly in a different place and he's been fighting at the highest level for a long time. He doesn't have the same drive as he once did but it does seem like he still cares and is just coming at it from a different angle. It's my guess that his next fight is his last fight, win or lose I think he's done after that.
""""art""""
The cuts are jarring.
Well, it's a ful frame dslr so probably cinematographer is using it to gauge different angles.
I feel like I shouldn't enjoy this as much as I do
You don't need VR for true love. Just look at Rockhold and Juicy-boi Romero
Bare Knuckle lost a little attention with all these fights going the distance. People figured out clinching and it's taken away some of the excitement. Maybe it's just one of those cards? dunno
What's up with boxers and wearing shiny-ass clothes?
My knuckles are so hard right now
About to see some big-ass knuckle balls swinging for chins
Bare Clinch Boxing
after a fight you bury your feud or you sell wolf tickets to get people to buy into a feud.
Was a close fight
Depends on what you're judging criteria is.
"I didn't really get his" giant fucking cut on his eyebrow flapping in the wind
Yeah but why does that discredit Lazar? Nobody really understand gravity yet. Even if we've seen gravity waves, it's not like anyone is an expert yet on the subject.
Man, after watching Santos last few fights I think he has a chance to put the flurry on Jones and overwhelm him... but then I see the size difference and my entire brain stops and goes "...hmmmmmmmmmmm......"
