It's the same motor as the hyper, or is that what you meant? That it's better suited for the hyper?
This has been driving me nuts with dark player. I wonder if google should think about putting more ram in their devices
Aww damn it.
You have no idea what the fuck you are talking about.
They are a buffer state. They keep things from popping off.
Appeasement worked so well for Poland..
It's a fact.
Sometimes family fights are the most vicious
Isolationism didn't work in world War 2 as well. We need to remember the past.
I agree. I misunderstood you to want something like back when the US stayed out of it for a long time and the allies nearly lost.
Listen dude, I dont care what your politics are. But when you think going to war with a major world power is "good", I just hope that its you or your family on the front line when it pops off. Problem is, we are ALL on the front line when a war of that scale comes to be. Again: You are an idiot.
I want you on the front lines. Nationilsm is what started ww1. It's sad that people like you don't learn from history. Profit? Are you kidding me?
OVER 9000!!!
Meanwhile banks still require IE 6 and flash for their check scanning software for business clients
I wonder how many copies were looted instead of sold?
Onto a mortgage!
do you weigh 300 lbs? I would weigh 300 lbs with a fresh bread maker.
AND they want to reduce the taxes on it to 3% (from 10). If this isnt a reach around for commercialization and artificial scarcity, I dont know what is. Politicians are such snakes. They want to line the pockets of business and they want to keep the tax money down that would go to schools, roads...
Why are ww2 soldiers running around with reflex sites?
Yes, it does.
Keep that military industrial complex gears well oiled. Healthcare? VA funding? Social security? Nah. Robots!
How in the hell would you do all that shit, in the game?
"If you dont like the game dont buy it." &amp;#x200B; &amp;#x200B; &amp;#x200B; &amp;#x200B;
Dog the robot &amp;#x200B;
If that is a dev, he has no idea what hes looking at.
That one 41 year old probably came up with the idea. He cant be that long out of med school, honestly. Probably still paying student loans?
This appears to not be politically motivated. &amp;#x200B; &amp;#x200B; &amp;#x200B; &amp;#x200B;
Sad that he got caught, not sad for what he had done.
mobile pet/ct scans? I know someone working for a company like that. Are there many of these around? She did not drive a gaudy vehicle.
name them!
Suprised fox news found anything wrong with what the doctors did.
The bumble
Sounds like you need to get you juan
But....only go straight? Poor bike :( &amp;#x200B; &amp;#x200B; She is badass though
a jetski meant to just go straight, now, that would be a shame too.
It boils down to this: Anything having to do with just going straight is lame. I was trying to be polite and now see what you made me do?
A fair point
Would you rather nobody get a deal and fewer people playing, or are you mad that you didn't get a deal because you bought so quickly? Stuff goes on sale for Christmas all of the time. If you are dumb enough to preorder games anymore, you deserve it....
This is why you dont preorder games.
Seems like you thought the price was fair. Did you also preorder the game? Maybe you should stop preordering games and waiting and watching for a while like the rest of us who got this deal.
I hope this teaches people not to preorder games and to also be patient. If you cant wait for a while before a game comes out, expect to beta test and pay a premium for it. Downvote away, salty ones.
I'm not your Pal, buddy!
I got it for 39, which isnt half but close enough. Just bought it for my friend for his birthday and myself! Its about 37% off on pc right now
Its like the wet bandits on home alone, sort of.
A tank with without infantry support is a dead one. Tanks who let infantry near it are dead. This has been the way it always was and has been.
I'm also shucking these from amazon. 135 dollars per is cheap!. I am running 6 of these and I dont think I'll have any performance issues. I'm running them in raid 10 so any shortcomings should be overcome by the array and spindle multiples.
It's because only gay people watch the Oscar's. Probably.
Did you read the article? They are saying that you cant charge someone for recording a cop carrying out their duties in public.
Did you read it? Its saying that you CAN record them without being charged..
Pretty suprised he can breath
but what? They are saying its okay to record the cops.. &amp;#x200B; Does anyone read the articles?
For Comcast (and Charter), its unthinkable
No problem! Just have to read. These headlines are so bad to just go off of them.
If this isn't, I'd hate to see what is.
Soon, this may be a profit scenario
People trusted the company. Easy to laugh in hindsight. There werent as many options then. That being said, I didnt get goxxxed
I hated it too. I dont get it. Seemed formulaic and daft AI. It was sooo easy
Core is much better, dice , put it back!!
I'm not happy with dice finding another way to split up the community. They need to revert and just fix ttd, not change ttk
DICE, PUT IT BACK
Changing the game to get more casuals in is going to ruin this game.
*cries in American*
I dont know why anyone would want to give Microsoft money or their customers when it comes to o365. Microsoft cannot wait to own the customer relationship. I see MSP's just giving away their clients for a pittance.
Whoever is running that department isnt so good, eaither. 5 days for pulling a weapon on someone, endangering the rider and traffic around them, is a slap on the wrist at worst. Civilians go to prison for brandishing, much less assaulting someone with a hand gun.
64 groms lol
MUTANT!
These days, dragons sell car insurance
I'm with you there but I would go the Roman route. Get a toga and a chariot Android triumphantly through the neighborhood what's my grass crown
Realize that religion is vestigial to societies AI this point
I dont care if they apologize, just put it back like it never happened.
Do you guys mind sharing all this extra data and statistics that the community doesnt have access to that you deliberated long and hard about? Do you mind sharing what you plan on changing before you do it?
Orbi does suck.
Yes, for less than $100 dollars, you too can be a shitbag middleman!
Also agree. Local admins is not domain wide admins nor access to anything important. We are set up in such a way that a local machine can burn itself to the ground and the rest of the network will not care.
Jr admin rage fantasy right here
I believe people are being dramatic. And it depends on the environment. Both ways have their plusses and minuses and one way or the other isnt necessary the only correct answer.
lock up wheels, go straight into car.
Am I missing a meme?
Motorcycle breaking no laws and of course people will find blame. Its not that the motorcylist is in the wrong, its that the motorcyclist could have done more to get out in one piece. The car is in the wrong.
Sounds like you are cut out for a trike, or a very short bus.
I agree. Passing on the right also probably not the best idea
Along with a lot less new and private wallets.. Meaning adoption is negative
Hard to say if he was going over the speed limit. That car would not have seen him at any rate of speed.
If a cop pulls you over and asks you how fast you were going, what do you say?
u srs clark?
Sounds like you need to fire your host. I bet they are overprovissioning like crazy
I hate being stuck with sub machine guns and also the way to revive people is less quick, so you are always waiting. I know why they did it, but its less fun than the insta healing from games past
Thanks. I was confused, I figured the staged part was when the main app update became available.
It's a gimmick ad far as I'm concerned. Everyone just hangs up when it starts talking
Just checked the play store today on the watch, it was available for download!
1. This affects kids that are vaccinated as well. Not everyone takes vaccinations strong so it relies on all of us being immune to keep the weaker vaccinated kids protected. 2. kids don't get a choice, so the ones who can't decide for themselves get to have diseases that can damage them for life or kill them. &amp;#x200B;
RIGht bUT iS AutISM gOINg doWN? /S /S /S /S &amp;#x200B; &amp;#x200B; Idiots!
Those look like grand sport ground effects
Its going to be awesome. No question.
I live in Brighton, have you looked at Boss engineering? &amp;#x200B; I wish there were any IT jobs in the area
I'd like to see less fat and more protein...with also less carbs haha.
That's pretty much how I view this thing. No real function. People let the phone ring so that people dont know that you know they are calling and not picking up...so this thing comes right out and shows them that not only do you not want to talk directly to them, but you want to waste their time with this long ass drawn out legalise-bot instead of just answering and finding out what they want.
I've just wanted to say that to somone and I thought that that day was the day. It probably wasn't my time to shine
That's not a great purpose because as soon as the call screen picks up, the spammer knows they have a real phone number and the worst part is they will sell that information to others as a list of targets. You don't want to pick up spam calls, you want them to be blocked outright with a disconnected message if possible.
I'm game. I want to hit my protein macro then fats then whatever carbs I have left until I've hit my calorie target for the day. This thing is really fat and carb heavy. I suspect it's because protein is expensive.
No, many will not add you because it detects disconnected tones
Exercise isn't meant to create a caloric deficit and its a great way to fail at your goals. You simply need to take in the correct calories vs your resting burn rate. A little more if you are wanting to gain, and a little less if you are trying to cut. It takes so much exercise to offset an off the rails diet. It really is about lifestyle change with eating habits that is the real answer.
Correct, which is what they get with my phone
How bad is it for the equally weighted funds
Rimworld is worth a ton of money, dont reduce price
Google better start getting its head out of its ass. Do employees not see this? If you are one, why does this kind of release occur?
stable enough to try? Any issues I should know? Anything off the top of your head that you like better?
Oh, okay! That makes a lot more sense. I guess I'm used to decimals instead of the decimal just being a delimiter.
Perfect. Thanks for the insight.
Right, I was looking at the versions as actual decimal numbers, and not counting up like somone suggested
Tell me more about the Mdns buffer issues? My chromecasts are horribly unreliable and I feel like im always rebooting them to get them to connect. They show up , its just that when you pick them, they take forever to connect or not at all.
Orbi RBK50 with two satellites. I fear that a mesh network confuses all of the various chromecasts
if they are insolvent, they are already fucked.
Short ones go huurrrrrrrrr
What was the momentous part of the occasion? Did you score some cheap coke?
Problem is, if he stops doping he wont be one of the best. So you cant have both.
&amp;#x200B; cucking all the live long day
The AI is still broken right now so its probably best if you dont actually play it.
I was expecting 400 calories with a more desireable macro nutrient profile, but all this is is 1/2 the rtd product for 75 percent of the cost
Advertising is a capitalist concept. This city isn't exactly free capitalism it's borderline a mining penal colony
I put a managed switch I had laying around in with a IGMP snooping enabled and it's seemed to have made things more bareable. Have you tried this?
I think you still need a car. Its not like Ann Arbor is big enough. I suppose you could uber/bus around.. but michigan is very much more friendly with a car.
Awesome. Yeah, I want to know if I'm crazy and its placebo, or if I'm onto something.
I feel like that is selfish but I know its a matter of opinion. What about guys who dont want to reduce their lifespan in the name of glory?
imagine just 1 billion people buying your game for one dollar
Who wants to develop different versions and keep them all up to date? What you do is develop for the most restrictive and by doing that, you check all the boxes for every other less scrutinized regions.
Just use brave browser. It uses chromium and has built in blockers as well.
I really agree, I don't get the bear bull fetish. I'll take the trade that makes me money
Please, this. The sync setup is so cumbersome
Gen 1's were built to last a very long time
For fucks sake I'm old
Why is being a Virgin an insult, exactly?
Agreed, it also is a nice safety valve that radicals can blow off steam
Seems like a rude, useless feature. Spam calls will know its a live number and share it out / keep calling. Everyone else hangs up / thinks it's rude (it is)
My thoughts exactly. People you know, know you could answer but you are making them jump through hoops.
Jeez, I remember when everyone used to kill the guy for his acting, like 10 years ago.
Fuck yo couch!
Its funny how actors get a dispreportionate amount of mindshare in politics and (pseudo) science. &amp;#x200B; I dont care what Brian Cranston thinks about politics, and I certainly dont think an actress as hot as Jessica is any more trustworthy than some other dbag on the street.
For this, she should be stripped naked in the streets!
Where was this money going before it was legal? Black market? Cartels must hate legalization.
Where was this money going before it was legal? Black market? Cartels must hate legalization. Gosh, would we love our roads to be fixed with 1 Billion in revenue
Morning light mountain and Prime from Peter F Hamilton
You'd show up at any given social situation with some dude somewhere yelling about Rick James
And even with it being so cheap, it's still bringing in tons. People must be high as kites, lol.
I use dos prompt. Not a single ad
What kind of legal businesses? Stuff to launder the bad money like real estate?
Have a great day ahead!
The silence is deafening. Why would anyone use this when chrome does the same thing?
Here is a c7 one [caption](https://imgur.com/YedfMpC.jpg)
God, fuck Facebook
Why wouldnt you get this going first instead of cut off a big chunk of your customers that will go elsewhere and settle in before your new one comes online? Why would folks come back?
Care to expound on this?
Yep and documentation on every single transaction over 1000 usd. This is why we have bitcoin to begin with.
Why wouldn't you say that in bold lettering along with the news that it's closing? If it were so obvious, why are people asking the very same question? Who's choice is this? Please, be more direct and don't leave anything to interpretation.
Why are you beating around the bush about this?
Texas has a bad ass carbon fiber look plate that I want
Because it leaves things up to interpretation. Spelling things out makes things clear on exactly what's going on without super smart guys like yourself assuming it's something it very well may not be. No shit that it's probably government regulation, but what regulation and why and how? Spend less time trying to be superior and more on critical thinking. Shitting on people asking for more information makes you look like a twat.
Control is the name of the game
Because , Tesla "Autopilot" is not "self-driving car" in the sense that you can do this sort of thing safely.
Google the "orange" method. Jam an orange in your steering wheel and nappy time
hmmmm. Tricky. But you can jam stuff on the wheel and not worry about it bugging you.
...yes? &amp;#x200B; Tesla is not an autonomous vehicle.
What? I hope you never get a tesla &amp;#x200B; Telsa was really irresponsible calling the computer "autopilot" people think it means its some AI that will just drive you around. Goddamn.
The same point as cruise control, only smarter. We arent at the stage where cars can drive themselves unsupervised. At least not production Tesla
Liver shot of redemption!
Too much of the good beer
Next up: messaging apps
Incredible burgers for everyone
Sync really needs an upgrade. It's doubled and tripled my bookmarks. Not syncing extensions sucks!
So, I wonder why it was so bad yesterday. They need to step up their game!
Quick question. If the police are so ineffective, how are people getting a criminal record in the first place? Could it be that they are overwhelmed? I can't imagine handling the population size that they have.
Please do the needful and reference ticket ####. Have a great day ahead!
The mob doesn't care. This is the main problem.. Do you think they would parade them around if they thought they wouldn't get away with it?
When prison?
yeah
Dont people disapear there for breaking laws like this? Or get digits cut off?
Ah yes, the 14th century style government, I stand corrected
Why are you looking sickly by working out. If you are just dieting and not training to keep muscle and getting enough protein.. You need to fix that.
Would you still accept it if it was in a bear market?
You pussy, you are gonna die
Wow, would you look at that?
Alice and he should have stayed together and I still feel bad.
Exactly, people just love to see it. Suds are old school and it's hard to psychologically get out of your head that you need them to clean a car. The high tech onr type stuff is way safer than suds
Imagine him stepping out of his roadster and the pot smoke *is just rolling out of there*
Seems pretty nice. What about it makes it shitty?
We Americans put up with and create a lot of shit.
Jesus christ, dude.
Pumped for the dump, amirite
Exactly.
A Doctor in south africa
HGH is a hell of a drug
Why does this happen?
Do you think anyone was sitting on the fence buying the game until he was put in it?
Good eye! Sorry about that. I wasn't even aware you could do such a thing.
Have a great year yourself! Good info, thank you for the correction.
So, everyone is ripping on this guy, but not addressing the points in his profile. Are they untrue all of the time, 75 percent of the time? Or are we just shaming/policing a profile here. He is probably frustrated with the current online dating scene. &amp;#x200B; update: Am not Kyle lol
Well. &amp;#x200B; How can she slap?
Probably masturbates less than most redditors
Its tinder and wrecked okc
No such thing. People have needs and the slut/whore thing is a social construct to prevent disease (not a bad thing)
Those are fair suggestions!
It cant come soon enough. 40 megabit upload is sad.
full duplex is in 4.0 is it not?
What are they gonna do, pay them less? Detroit first responders are worked to death.
we live in outrage culture, thats for sure.
Don't get the ones that come with revolvers
I'm incensed
It really is a form of control. We humans are creative in exerting control over one another. Attention is the new currency these days. Maybe it always was
They will sell a ton if these cars. Old guys, who don't embrace change can buy a used c7
Yes, who needs Healthcare when you are dead
Blackwing is caddilac
Can't be worse than #8 sparkplug on the c7 😥
The proving grounds would find something like that. They blast these cars through tons of water
Well, the easy ones: C5 to c6 headlights, interior improvements, more power c6 to c7 tail lights - drastic interior improvements, more power c7 to c8 engine configuration - massive interior improvements, transmission improvements (yes I know manuals are more fun), more power
bruh they are basically white knuckling the car around the track in the z06 plus. Its overwhelming the chasis due to the weight distribution and engine config. I own a c7, and would love a c8 (I'd keep the c7 for the manual and last of the front engines)
Ah, nice Canadian paintjob
Yes......of course drafts. But young people have ways been the ones to die first, look at history. they are the easiest to manipulate. The part of the brain that let's you extrapolate consequences of your actions is not fully developed yet. Scientifically proven.
I wish this Fucking cliche joke would die already
20 here. I ended up owning the place. What's wrong with me?
Soon to be 0 man msp. Feelsbadman
Hell, our satellites could be killing ground targets for all we know
Nobody defends. Musical chairs
Check out the J J as my DJ revolves it
You cannot get cancer if you are a cyborg
I was thinking about that. If a mark gave them a cell number, they could find the provider and bump the sim card to activate a burner phone do break through the 2 factor security.
The ones ive been tracking havent tried that. One operated from google hangouts, the other wanted a number right away. They could be trying to build a profile on people for hacking purposes. Use this information along with websites that have been breached and their passwords leaked. Lots of people will use the same password for many accounts, so once they get your email, they can look it up against other websites and try that way.
Hi Dad!
Thats hilarious. I'm sure there is a tool for it, but damn.
I'm not sure why explaining how it works conveys acceptance, but good luck to you!
How many youth are in the military right now due to draft?
You're probably better off, this isnt going well for you so far.
Well, mission accomplished.
I think that might be the case. A lot of old accounts with passwords that are probably the same as ones from p0wnd "hacked" websites that users use the same email address and password as their okc accounts..
Did you do it and lean back like admiral akbar after they blew up the death star?
Big money acquiring companies is like a magic wand that turns anything it touches into a pile of shit.
We need anti tank weapons
Maybe more how easily they are to bribe
I get a "stance" vibe and my instincts cry out in dismay.
The hands and the Id badges 😂😂
Its chinese malware...
Its chinese malware.
Its chinese malware. lol.
Its a chinese company, but not Huawei.
Attention people who cannot read but like to comment. The malware on these phones is by a chinese company and a chinese phone. Probably not the american government installing chinese malware to spy on the poor.
When I am dead Lay me in a mound Raise a stone for all to see Runes carved to my memory
Shame! Ding Ding! Shame!
Not everyone needs to be in a relationship lol
You are guilty &amp;#x200B; &amp;#x200B; ..........of being naughty! \*stripper music starts\*
Henry! Hey everyone, it's Henry!
BUILT. IN. CHINA. Software. Developed. in. China. Why do you think we are starting to clamp down on Chinese state funded chip makers? &amp;#x200B; Where do the cheapest electronics come from that may find themselves in welfare programs? China. Christ guys. Think about this. Is it possible that the gov didnt see this malware?
I laughed out loud on that one. So true.
Good, he was a killer. He lived by the sword and died by it.
This is the right answer. Like reddit, its private software. Dont like it? Don't use it. I do this with facebook.
He's been attacking us for years and years. Then he finally gets what's coming and we are the bad guy. The dude was part of the plan that killed 1500 iranian protesters. How many americans were killed by this guy in the iraq war?
That's not how that works
After swearing up and down that the US and its allies were making up lies. Let's not forget that part. Imagine a military so unprofessional that they launched missles at an airliner leaving their own airport. 15 missles, 3 of which were duds. &amp;#x200B; We would steamroll these amateurs.
We were pretty honest about smoking that monster. Iran lied until it was impossible to do so and then they admitted it but did the time tested "but they started it!" argument. Its okay, you cant expect a military to know the difference between an airliner leaving your own airport and an outside military plane
Take video
Imagine if we actually were in the airspace retaliating that night. You know for sure they would blame us for the shoot down. Iran planned the missle strike that night, and allowed civillian planes to take off during that time. Why did they do that? Itchy trigger fingers because of United States Aggression? Maybe train your military better. You planned the entire operation that night.
Sure, there are many social media platforms. You are right that its pretty hard to not participate in some form of social media. But, I feel that you can participate on platforms that you agree with or support.
I supercharged mine. Didnt need to but... ¯\\\\\_(ツ)\_/¯
What a crazy world that we live in
I feel as though they ride on different layers. A neutral internet allows you to create a service that you prefer on top of it. The service itself can have its own values and cater to users it sees fit. Those that arent popular for various reasons do not survive.
Hahaha. And the downvotes. rename the canada side to Salty Sainte Marie &amp;#x200B; You downvoters need to take off!
Well you figure, how much is it worth it to you to pay to not sit in a cage for a couple hours a day?
That's Cahocta
Livingston is growing like crazy
The way the local populace enjoys voting in corrupt city council officials and deadbeat mayors says otherwise.
Remember the "new center area"? same deal.
Corrupt and as stupid as it gets. Throw in some good ol' racism and you have yourself a city council.
Whats wrong with the gay community? &amp;#x200B; edit: Oh, hobos.
Well, fuck this. Bulldoze the entire thing
Cornrows lol
Plus, we might be entitled to financial compoensation. This adds to our profits
It already enjoys it very much
Most dangerous for a year or so, Then most safe thereafter
His point is that aside from the Quicken Loans money, the entire place remains a rotting pile of shit, with no tax base to make it otherwise.
Its racist there already. Just not the direction that you normally expect.
The dealerships all got together to make sure that doesnt happen. GM doesnt really even want dealerships if they could help it.
Big 3 employees whom get in and get the fuck out. $$$$
To me it looks too much like a cruze. I like the gen 1 nerdy futuristic look.
That is so satisfying. If the scyth or mechete would stick in people or visibly cut off limbs, that'd be great
Have you checked out who the local populace vote for, mayor wise, despite the despicable things that they do? Extra credit for city council members. Almost as if they are considering skin color over qualifications.
Ah, interesting. I can see that.
Then its the people who get the phones fault as well. They should be running malwarebytes! /s &amp;#x200B; Sure, but as you can see, things get through. Buying chinese stuff at all for government should be a no no. And..its starting to become that way. Threats like this are discovered all of the time, and government agencies are often not the best at finding exploits like this. That's why malwarebytes had to find it. &amp;#x200B; But fuck sketchy chinese companies and you can bet the chinese gov. looks the other way...
***MC***nuggets!
With that many kills, he should win lol
Need a ton of players playing at all times to get something like that
They probably are
I cant hit that with a gun. Wtf! How did you know how to aim with the non built in scope?
The ugly wings and the gills on the side
I think Vikendi is awsome! The small map is my least favorite.
Shame about the wings
Talk to a lawyer!
Elephants
Imagine being upset about internet points
How dare you!
I agree, I do feel like I'm always running
I like to slap clients around
Postage stamp map, that's boring. We aren't call of duty.
Hmm but can't people just hot drop for that?
Dislike! We have sanhok for this.
Don't get me wrong, I like them too.
That tribe BAD, my tribe GOOD
ITT people making sweeping generalizations about groups of %party\_affiliation% members as a whole, based off of the opinion of one idiot.
Outrage culture (doot do doo) sang as baby shark song
Dos commas
That was funny, but seriously, its never good to generalize about any group. Take the Nazis, for instance.
Wow, its that bad in NA. No wonder they azn all the things
No, the fun is winning with what you find. Not everyone needs to be a fully armed battlemech. Kill other players and get their stuff.
Lets just rename it hot-drop island and allow the add kids play 24/7
Did you steal it?
z06 - valve guides and heads
Congrats!!
One of my top 10 most fav games. I'm going nuts waiting for the next one. I dont want to play the beta and spoil it.
How playable is it in vr?
Dead on. Its amazing how relaxing it is to come back to the shallows which is such a great idea for a tutorial area.
I think you know why what you posted is very obtuse.
Is there really rocket launchers now? I did not see that in patch notes.
Hopefully its a crate only weapon
How do you shoot full auto for so long , I cant keep the barrel down
Not at all; its in the spirit of the game. Those that dont camp and roam around killing people and gaining strength is the idea. Not treasure hunting. Lack of loot promotes this.
What draconian horseshit is this? Nice pic tho
Any relation to Frank Rizzo?
Or a piece of shit thief was due what's coming to them.
IMHO, they ARE addicted. My nephews could care less unless there are "unlocks"
I was positive EV online until black Monday :(
Exactly, they are too busy blaming each other so they don't have to explain why they cant anything done.
The thing is, kids dont have a fully developed pre-frontal cortext until well past 18 in some cases. This logic might not exist to them yet. Its why smoking and drinking is at 21 plus now (in michigan at least?) and why they can get you to go to war when you are 18.
I'm fine with loot boxes for people over 18. Kids are simply not equipped to make logical decisions when it comes to gambling feedback loops. The gaming industry knows this and its pretty disgusting.
I think its more important that we sell EV's of every brand more than ICE cars, rather than compete among each other. I am glad to see Tesla force the rest of the industry into modern technologies such as over the air updates, electric, and autonomous systems. If the big 3 could have their way, they'd keep cars complicated and as dumb as possible.
Got an email yesterday that was for 2020 bolts. 5k off with 0% financing for 72 months or 5k plus another 5k along with tax credit .
Autist detected, yolo puts
If its anything as good as my chevy volt, im excited. Def my next vehicle.
Demon of the Garage (opeth)
or as deep. But it will sound exotic. That's what I loved about the c7 and c6r, you'd have all these weed whackers go buy then you'd hear the freight-train. Everyone comes to hear those cars run.
LOL thats embarassing. They are going to need specific electric classes soon.
I hear this is from all the China fake money buying things sight unseen for tons of money that just sit
I'll play anyone that downvotes. Holdem 5 dollar big buy
This is a legit mentally ill person, probably can't reason with them like that. in fact probably dangerous to. You can see how she was snapping.
Shes mentally ill. Legit not her fault.
Is it just me or is that ugly? I'd rather have a regular v4
I have wvd deployed without app attach and its a pain in the ass. I can't get Microsoft to explain to me how to keep my images up to date without destroying license activation on all my different line of business apps. It sucks having to check licenses in and out.
Timmah!
Whatever direction makes me money. I don't get the bear vs bull tribe.
She's insane, off of her meds likely. The rules for regular discourse are out the window
Awesome. Down with dealership cartels.
Looks like you you have to title the car outside of the state then retitle? What does this accomplish?
There are tons of teslas in the area already. I see one at least every other day.
Give me the point in the track 😂
You can, but once you retitle in michigan you pay the tax here. You defer the tax payment to the state you live in I believe?
Yeah, plus they can automate much of the process. They could set it up that all cars bought through tesla would initially be one state or something.
If a man did this, it would be deemed "creepy" and "ewwww"
Yep
I'm listening and I'm not sure how this sounds like Opeth
Hes got that dream theater clean vocals, I much prefer Michael. I feel like this is a lot more operatic/dramatic than Opeth. Not bad per se, dont get me wrong.
Blackwater park is mine.
You just touched the no-no place.
That's super gross.
\*chuckles\* I'm in last gen
I'd say with 2200 hours, you got your money's worth and could buy another copy.
Because we aren't old people trying to keep "what's theirs" at any cost to everyone else.
Y tho?
Laws yes
Let's not forget the ringworlds built around barely alive quasars that will be the last thing producing light when our universe is experiencing heat death. Quasars that don't even exist yet because the universe is not old enough right now.
or instead you are a wild pig, where those around you eat you alive literally. They consume you in front of your family without any regard.
slampigs and coke at the ready
why are they having such a hard time with it, its such a mess. Is it because its on chain? Not to mention syncing extensions and history and such.... I miss that.
and traffic!
new decade, new phone. 2020 - S20
Do you want more cheaters? This is how you get more cheaters. They stopped this because of the BP farmers. Remember the days when youd have all these bots standing around doing nothing ?
c6 was a quantum leap. Ive had every gen from c5 on.
NOT ninja. You can see they'd rather advertise than implement features that people ask for. Aggressive sales team is also the worst.
For instance, we have been begging them to add a simple "schedule reboot" feature for years. They "fulfilled" this request by making you use a script, and scheduling a one-off task. Instead of just having a button on the endpoint that lets you reboot/schedule a reboot. Check the feature request forum before you pull the trigger.
The point wasn't the feature, it was how they listen to their community. Good luck!
What about if you raise your own hand when you lose? Mindfuck.
Wtf, crazy!
Out for them internet points I see.
Grill smile.jpg
Nice
Yes, small msp's have a lot of job sharing involved
Dogs are so pure, this is why it hurts so bad to see them this way.
Yellow car with that interior would be even more fitting
The mitochondria is the power plant of the cell
Nukes?
I hate that damn safety. How do you do that?
The market is not the economy, I need to get it into my head
That is not something to be proud of, if its said to american fucking citizens. &amp;#x200B; Yes, they will write about Kent state for 10,000 years
Sure, but you don't say things like that to fellow americans. I get what you are saying. You are held to a higher standard.
I hear they have boxing in prison
No press pass, not the press
You sure are helping the cause with this edge take
Hell of a first vette, NICE I have the Heritage package flavor [https://i.imgur.com/ftmaT6C.jpg](https://i.imgur.com/ftmaT6C.jpg) 7 speed too, which is a blast
I am having the same issue; did you ever resolve it?
Is it actually broken or only affecting us? Its the same thing where new posts seem fine.
I agree up until the white and rich thing, we have to change that.
No problem, hopefully it wasn't too short, didn't mean it in a jerkish way lol
Man, reddit would be so much better with this. I'm sure their hosting fees would go through the roof
Am Xenomorph, limited breeding opportunities (surprising, I know)
Old man's war
A young priest, and an old priest
Oops, I'm dumb. You are absolutely right. However the 7th gear is a fairly useless overdrive gear I never think about
107 On my '15.
Not so far as I can tell, check back later
wrong again! The press are there for a reason, and the reason isnt to get shot up. Its to inform the american people on what is going on, impartially as possible. That means you are there when curfew ends to see how its handled. Is that hard to understand?
Would rather closer ratio's than an extra overdrive gear, imho.
I have a hard time taking this seriously. They have had this complaint for years and are now just spinning this. Just do your jobs and be fair in your business practices. FFS I dont need another company on a soapbox virtue signaling . Like, what company is going to be like "we take a stand with police brutality"
Well this is uncomfortable. My police operator has been brutally smashing the shit out of people in this game without a second thought. How do you take a game that fetishes the military industrial complex and spin it into something wholesome? Nobody is paying attention to the game since the real world is happening, and you want the most bang for your buck for your next "Season" so you hold off. Blame it on cov.. black lives matter, even. We are going to have a hard time engaging social media with our run of the mill ads, lets mix in with the very popular movement right now and throw our hat in the ring. That way we get some clicks, and we arent accused of being insensitive or "not on the right team" This company is virtue signaling and acting like they finally giving a fuck about the racists names in the game. Honestly its really gross how much of a transparent, artificial PR spin this is. Its not just COD as well. I'm getting emails from backup companies for computers about how they are taking a stand. Gross. Next week when the aliens invade or a super volcano goes off, we can stand united together in that issue as well. Now that covid is declared over (its not)
I'm game to drop superstore and do some looting, c'mon IW.
lmao why not just get a job or something that shows real progress?
You dont follow orders to the extent that you are pushing down 75 year old men. Lets start with that. Second, you dont back up bad cops who do so by looking the other way or resigning in "solidarity". Thank you cops for showing your true colors.
I think we are going to need more time. Lol
Nice
Haha nice
When I hear that I hear "We want to appeal to more people to get more sales". Pcars was always about realism with their new advanced tire models.. Now they want to throw all that out?
Nitpicking, but my c7 does not sound like that. I hope they have head movement etc, it seems like everything inside the cockpit is frozen in time but the wheel. I know its a beta.
Welcome to the internet, where everything is connected through a series of tubes
nice.
license and registration....chicken fucker!
fist of fury
Lets start with fixing police unions so that the bad ones can get ejected from the system, never to return. Lets make body cameras mandatory and on the entire time. Privacy issues can be worked on. Lets have civilian oversight. We also need to be careful that we don't make it so police cannot do their job reasonably .
Would you look at that? The camera malfunctioned again. Darndest thing
Just came here after they let you scan for an hour and realize my personal domain joined home computer is now a business PC
There is a reason 60 year olds look like that; they are the ones who've made it. Riding is dangerous enough. And you dont have to go crazy to be safe. They make cool riding gear these days. I have jeans that you would never know are riding jeans
Not sure why you got downvoted. they really are ugly af. The starfish ones and the snowflake ones, too. Budget for aftermarket if you get a c8
About 200 less horsepower at least from the z06. The mid platform really really can use more power without issue, I cant wait to see what the z06 and twin turbo c8's look like.
I love that the passenger is isolated. I also cant stand it when passengers fiddle with the avionics in the car. TLDR: I'm the captain now
They dont call corvettes the "plastic fantastic" for nothing :D
In my c7 I like that the passenger thermostat controls are all the way on the far right at the passenger door vent. Thats not there any longer in the c8?
That's kind of crappy, who wants their passengers pressing buttons on the bat belt
Anything but the gumby wheels though. Looks like they banished the Pillsbury dough boy to a life of servitude as a wheel
Every one of these abuses has the order of fraternal police being "disgusted" and talking about defending the cops. Defund and destroy these corrupt Fucking unions that prevent forces from keeping their forces clean.
Of all the "mistakes". This one goes against everything you stand for. I've left brave over this
Well, I guess it would mean that it may be a good idea to keep things distant for a while since positive cases are still being found.
Both are extremes in your argument and likely the answer is somewhere in the more moderate middle. You dont need to destroy all businesses, and you dont need to stop the economy. How about smaller classes with just drills and physical conditioning?
You guys are lucky, being an island and not many of you and all. USA got too late of a start so we are Italy 2.0
Actually, FPS pros prefer smaller monitors. Human peripheral vision and moving your eyes around vs using the mouse to scroll around is tiring and distracting. My k/d went up when i switched back to 16:9.
The game literally aims for controllers. That is way different than acting on something you see and aiming manually at them. I had an uw and went back to 16:9 after a year, my k/d has gone up in every game I used to play. Ultrawide makes you move your eyes and head too much
I didnt mean that literally, it was more that they were lucky they have a society that took this seriously enough to stop it before it spread, which then requires more drastic measures. Here in the USA we had to get burned first to realize that there was fire.
Dr Disrespect literally killed someone with a controller without looking at the screen.
Woah woah woah. Just because I dont agree with you doesnt make me a racist. Lol relax, in the end its just a game. Dont let the world's negativity bring you down. You arent exactly fair and balanced, your argument isnt that one or the other is better, its t hat there is no advantage eaither way. So when I disagree with that premise, I'm acting like a racist. You are defending your argument just the same and getting kind of personal, imho.
M1A1 Main puppah unit
The world is loaded with awesome people
THATS GAY
classic
Why give a shit about life here when you have paradise in the sky? As an atheist, each day is precious. No do overs.
Very rude and entitled
insert download file size jokes
Correct
I thought it was just me, high mount exhausts like that make me feel physical pressure on the back on my neck where it meets my head. Turble!
Hi, yes I have the Yubikey 5 NFC. Set up with Yubico OTP. Again, it pairs with the account fine and says login is enabled, but you have to click on "yubikey OTP" on the front page to get it to actually work.
Yes thank you Docisis for letting cable companies cut corners and provide laughably asynchronous connection speeds instead of taking the money we gave them to build out a real fiber network.
At least the range meter is working correctly
Can confirm that you are michigan "Meijers" is so Michigan haha &amp;#x200B; ps: Ohp, didn't mean to bump into you
Needs more aero, I have the plastics off my Pani while im working on it, and it looks like this. lol
Sorry, thats the Panigale. This is missing parts
two different bikes. Honestly I dont know why youd want a v4 motor that you have to rev without the wind protection to utilize it. Also, you are sitting up more straight, the windblast must be amazing.
At 160 mph. Do you think you are going to be going 160mph with no windshield?
Ope, sorry about that.
Haha sweet. How do you like the xdiavel? Might be my next road bike
Yep, so long Ivideon. I dont want/need and pricing per camera no matter the discount is not worth it to me.
Here come the slaughterbots
Why are the good cops letting these bad cops be bad?
Actually, there was a study, and gas powered cars distributed EVERYWHERE burning is much more polluting than even a localized coal plant. Its easier to clean up a power plant's emissions than it is gas powered cars spread everywhere, with various states of repair. It goes the same for Diesel. Why anyone defends gas powered vehicles from an emissions standpoint, is another curiosity.
Most likely there are more claims for Subaru's than Teslas at this point. Part of that could be the demographic that drives the different cars, theft, safety features, repairability, etc.
Amazon business with china drops 95%
He's walked 500 miles, and then 500 more
I consider them more athletic
I like the gym, but hell no, you wont find me there. People are breathing hard and blasting their air all over the place. You cant tell me wiping down equipment is going to solve all this.
Yes, but is your hair cut?!
Space cadet here. Hello my atmosphererically locked brother.
That's it. This game is history.
Has there ever been a case of a VPN used in rape?
You guys haven't seen the predator drones with the donkey dicks? Listen to the song "detachable penis" which is about the attrosities committed in the name of freedom.
*IUD
Chubbie chaser (moo)
It looks like an angry wet cat. Very angry.
The ironic bit being that they are ALL expensive to service. lol. 1,000 bucks to adjust the valves
Why is there a dance for raising the roof when its such a miserable experience, unless you are Amish?
Store it on top of your house, that section is now covered
What is the SL like to ride vs the Desmo vs your run of the mill v4? I love my V4
that seems way too long to hold gas in the tank, especially gas with ethanol. I would def. put fuel stabilizer in if you do that
Plus you are dragging less weight around for no reason
pure gas maybe, I wouldnt risk it turning to varnish. Although I think the tank is kept under pressure to keep it from off gassing as much and evaporating, leaving the varnish..
dude why are you arguing about this lol. Less mass is less mass to carry around
The big problem is that there are talented fighters born every day that are hungry enough to work for free in order to get a chance at the top. The ufc knows and exploits this. They need a fighters union bad.
Hey does your diavel have much engine heat? I am thinking about one to hang out in the garage with the v4.
Did he twirl his cane the entire time?
The bullshit game mechanic cancel outer build
Please, save me the trouble? I'm trying to understand if you think it's good to have gas in the tank for a year and stabilizer is somehow not good preventative maintenance
Well damn. I was hoping for a cooler cruiser
I've read the manual You literally just pasted the legalese that is copied in every general motors vehicle. Where in that legalese does it tell you to keep ethanol fuel in your car for a year and not expect issues? This paragraph does not change the laws of physics, good luck with your fuel systems when using ethanol gas that is months and months old. Hopefully the gas you got at the gas station is also fresh. What happens, is that over time the gasoline evaporates and leaves behind the heavier material and impurities in the gas. This is called "Varnish" this gums up the fuel system like the OP described. Running the motor once a year to get rid of the fuel helps, but if you started with a bad tank of gas you might have problems well before the nanny kicks in and makes you burn the gas. GM does recommend top tier and premium, partially so that it keeps longer, but thats no guarantee. If you cant be bothered, run it in hold mode every 6 months or so. Source: family is all general motors engineers, one particularly in fuel delivery and power-train. Guess what additives they use in fuel when its stored for a long period of time? Sea foam or Sta-bil. Take your pick.
Just when chokes are going to be made illegal lol
On one hand you have someone with real, actual experience, on the other legalese and press releases. Pressurizing does not mean you can have old fuel last an entire year. But, whatever, its your car.
The constant rate hikes that students must shoulder is unsustainable. The college system needs reform. The amount it costs to go to college far exceeds the rate in which salaries have grown; this means the value proposition for going to college is less and less. The ROI is just not there like it used to be. Part of this is because the industry got drunk on the rush of student loan income, I feel. Now that everyone is going to college remotely, I wonder how the college landscape will change when people realize you dont need the old way to be successful.
His Great \^ 1000 grand children are the only ones upset at this
So they can hire out h1B and pay peanuts to bring in a slave hoping to get a green card after 10 years of indentured survitude. One of the requirements is that you have to show there is no local talent to fill the job posting...
Is it making them rich with hidden affiliate links?
How's the road noise?
I miss the days where the fighters had their own deals
