It's in the middle of the house though.
Yeah.
It opens.
Solved.
Tea an cum.
Yup.
It's a cross post from r/crappydesign. Supposedly was being sold at a boutique.
They're not terribly secret. Their secrets were exposed years and years ago. If they approach you about joining and you don't want to just tell them.
The great majority of things are closed Sunday in Utah, especially in Utah Valley.
No worries. I'm actually not quite done with yours.
Yo, congrats!
No one *needs* to see anything in this sub reddit.
My mom took me out to dinner and I ordered a mojito. I'd never had one and figured why not? She was pretty cool about it, but a few days later asked that I not order alcohol if she was paying. I can live with that.
Like the CoC?
Vote, come elections.
I wonder how long the wait needs to be before they can sue.
And we'll get another chance in not too long.
I know people who have gone through BYUI counseling and their counselor didn't go to the bishop. Other people on here are at BYU and say their councillors don't go to their bishops.
On the one hand, I'm not thrilled that the bill the people voted for was changed. On the other, I'm not really against the compromise bill.
I hope they were reported and lost their licenses. That's messed up.
How do I resolve it? Close and reopen the game? Edit: this worked.
It's pretty common not to divulge that sort of information with instances like this.
You're welcome!
F
F to pay respects.
My next what?
r/fullscorpion
Yo, once you get those planks mastered look into the planche.
Isn't the whole thread after that pretty much repost comments?
Unfortunately this isn't working. It shows ### in the cell as a result.
Confirmed it's set as general. Changed it to number and got the same thing.
I used =sum(f6:f8) due to where the table sits. Works fine. Edit: should that asterisk be a comma?
I put the formula in how you have it and got the correct sum.I must've input something wrong earlier. When I put the 42- in front of it I get ###.
Solution verified.
I figured it out, just had to toss an extra set of parenthesis around it. Thanks for the help!
But I'm really 5'10". Like, exactly.
I'm 5'10", one of my ex's was about your height. Worked fine for me.
And make them pay for it!
I used to work at a nicer fast food joint. They gave us a free meal for every shift worked and I'd usually finish it. One night I didn't and on my walk home I noticed a dude setting up a sleeping area behind a sign. His face when I offered him some fries and half a burger was awesome.
I'm lucky enough to have a natural obsidian deposit about three hours south of me and several local gents who cut slabs. Edit: the -&gt; three.
You looking for slabs or rough stuff?
Blank 1 "maybe Blank2 committed a crime, but they were just trying to help. " Fill in TBM and Joseph Smith or fill in Ex-Mormon and NNN. Works either way.
Received.
Yeah, it's been super fun!
How about we don't brigade or call for it?
Because it's bullshit. Or do you actually think it was fine when T_D has done it? Because if it's fine when you do it just because it's off site, then it's okay for everyone else, too. Edit: done -&gt; fine
Was able to get yours in the mail a day early. Says it should arrive by the 18th.
Fun fact: tennis balls are pretty bad for your dog's teeth. They wear them out pretty quick. A few companies do make rubber balls that are more durable and less wearing though.
While not having a relationship with someone because of their race is dumb, there is some truth/wisdom to be cautious with intercultural marriages. Not because of any inherent inferiority or superiority, but because cultural norms can be contradictory or at least very different. One should be aware of the difficulties they can face.
What. The. Fuck?
I'm so sorry, that sucks.
My ex did something similar. Made me say the words she wanted to but wouldn't. It sucks, I'm sorry.
How the fuck do I get this hookup?
When I went to church or ward participated in a non denominational Christmas program. It was actually held away a totally different church's building.
If you'd like more independence without a car or license, I highly recommend picking a bike up. Especially if you live in a city- it'll allow you much greater access to nearby locations and easy access to public transportation.
They aren't giving him 80%, so no they aren't giving it to him over people with missing limbs.
Wut?
The real instant regret is read these comments.
Dude, that sucks. My grandparents' home was also claimed in the camp fire. I don't know if you can re-temper, but r/blacksmithing might. Good luck.
Lol, not a wizard but I did do close up for a few years. In the world of magic tricks a gimmick is a prop or piece of equipment used to perform a trick. So, a fake thumb, or a hat with a false bottom, or marked card decks are all gimmicks.
Oh God, no.
I used to work at a dog groomer. Real easy to do.
Well poop, that's a typo.
Yeah, it was a typo.
Yup.
r/truenaturefacts
Sure they do, those basics allow you to use parallax. It won't give you an exact measurement, but it gets you quite close.
That open faced spinner is being fished upside down.
I have no idea what any of that is, so I'm assuming it's trolling terminology.
That basement bookstore has a whole bunch of old church books. Edit: just don't bad mouth creationism while you're there.
It wouldn't change in that I'd still think he's an ass. It would change in that id think he's a greater ass than I currently do.
&gt;FYI, I don't hate anyone. Okay, reddit Jesus.
Probably because Gatorfan prefaced their response with "71." Makes it lik like it's an excerpt from a list.
There are custom sized soft plastics fir ned rigs now? I've just been tearing/ cutting 5" Senkos in half.
That house sy the end makes this look like Salem pond in UT. If so... you're brave having that beverage in a public park.
But they just did say that.
I don't think it *needs* to be darker. It'd just be fun to see.
Whenever I start feeling really depressed or start having more intense suicidal ideation I try to push myself to go spend time outside. It almost always makes me feel a bit better.
Jack Black is basically my uncle if he were rich and not mormon.
And yet, season 8 is still a better love story than twilight.
&gt;for my toddler to not eat. Lol
Oof.
Galatians 3:28 depending on how you take it.
Hi, also from Utah. Where/ how do you catch them? Deer creek? Strawberry? Yuba?
Rope color doesn't make a difference. Cat food, canned tuna, inexpensive chicken parts... if it's meat and it's not rotting it'll work.
Must just be real bad luck then. I've got a couple local ponds I fish where I can literally see their little circles in the shallows but they ignore anything I put by them.
Who hurt you?
Actually, poppy sap has most of the opiates. Seeds have some trace amounts, but most of what you get from poppy seeds is from them being contaminated by the sap.
Something, something Hitchhiker's Guide.
&gt;Norway isn't even close to socialism of any kind Is literally a universal welfare state.
What's Vicp? Edit: I looked it up and it's a listing of payments due to vaccine injuries. It does not seem to differentiate between injuries and deaths in its reporting so I'm not sure where your information is from. Fun fact, it also lists how many aunts have been given as compared to how many vaccines are given. For example, from 2006-17 there were over 500,000,000 DTAP vaccinations and exactly 601 payouts. Again it doesn't differentiate which are deaths, but let's pretend all of them are deaths for the sake of your argument. 601 ÷ 500,000,000 gives a .0001% chance. Tetanus, the T in DTAP, has an overall [30%](https://www.medscape.com/answers/229594-5925/what-is-the-mortality-rate-for-tetanus-lockjaw) mortality rate in the US if not treated. Unless I've really fucked up, that means a person is 30,000,000 times more likely to die from missing a single part of a single vaccine.
Where's your source?
Mine is the VICP in that the number of payouts is several magnitudes fewer than the number of vaccines administered and that only 30% of those payouts were able to be confirmed. What's your source that refutes that?
That makes more sense, thanks.
Did you mean to reply to me, or to OP?
Your claim (most likely a fraction) . You provide the evidence. I already provided the evidence for my side. I.e. preponderous lack of proven payouts.
No one is claiming they are followed. They do, however, test them as others have shown. &gt;many injuries go unreported. Again, what's your proof?
I don't expect him to change. I've learned about both the VICP and VAERS by arguing against him as well as the odds around a few diseases. It's for me.
Stay civil, bro, and provide sourcing.
No source? Okay. [Here](https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/16780845) is one that states the exact opposite.
... so they're not wrong? A pumpkin seed is a type of bluegill which is a type of sun fish. Edit: I should hold off commenting when it's late and I'm drunk. My reading comprehension suffers.
Actually, the most was Frankenstein. Frankenstein's "monster" really wasn't in the end.
At least it appears to be OC.
It's witchcraft, then.
As someone who works at blendtec, I can tell you that the 675 is not the lowest priced model with pre programmed settings and speed settings.
Oof.
Texas?
Deer Creek res, UT.
Any luck? I've been fishing from the access and keep getting skunked.
The mountains stay greenish once you get into the canyons. We've had a decently wet spring this year too, so most everything is pretty green right now.
Perch? I know they like to congregate by those two trees on the right of the photo. Small egg hook and you can pull them pretty much all day.
Are these endangered? If so I fucked up as a scout.
Spare him his life
🎵Lay your weary head to rest🎵
It'd be fun to see a server full of game changer tags.
Out of my price range, too; looks to be a sit-on though.
Hahahahahahahaha! Dude, that's great. For safety's sake I hope that rig is staying on property, but outside of that, looking good!
Suspension and stopping ability would be my worries there. Good to hear it worked for y'all.
"Who is truth"? Has fair mormon started getting into Drax the destroyer's headspace?
Unfortunately it's not. We people are pretty emotional creatures and it messes with our thinking.
Mormon first base: touch the bare shoulder.
How's the fishing there around August? I'l be out meeting family for the first time and would like to get some line wet.
Can we talk about the real crime here? "My rayman noodles".
... but gloves tho.
... are they trying to Mad Max a Camry moonlighting as a Lexus? So much to unpack here.
"I worked a part time job and paid for college and a house with it!" "You millenials are so lazy. Get ot the and work!" "$10/ credit sounds fair for me, but you whiney whipper snappers need to learn the value of sacrificing for your education." FuuUUUU!
r/atbge
On the upside: Red Skull cosplays just got easier.
r/unexpectedmormon.
Ferda.
&gt;How can I excuse something I have no control over? This is a bullshit question. People can make excuses for things they have no control over just fine.
Being unwilling is not the same as being unable. If you're unwilling, tell them you're unwilling rather than trying to claim it's impossible to make excuses for or excuse actions that aren't yours.
I'm pretty brash and confrontational, but I think the environment you're going for is best. Having said that, the OP is about how we view rule #2 and how inaccurate reports are hindering the mods.
No you didn't type those words. You just typed that he sent you a long email full of racist quotes and broke off the engagement.
Says the cultie.
Says the cultie.
It was just a lite soft drink. Edit: it was a pretty lite soft drink.
Only thing funny about this is the wholesome tag.
Okay, but that doesn't mean it's reserved only for them.
Reminds me of a ditty I learned to remember the order of the planets. Mary's virgin explination made Joseph suspect upstairs neighbor.
That's a relatively easy fix, isn't it?
Dang.
Boooo, bad logic.
Am native. Don't fucks with sea lions, they're scary.
With the way the jars are assembled, they can't be disassembled at home. It sounds like the deal on your hat has worn ot and you'll need to call in to see if you're under warranty and can get a replacement.
Congrats! On another note, anyone know of a brand that makes something similar to this besides Strike King? I love these lures but want something with a closed loop that my line/ snap swivel won't slide down.
&gt; people skills. God dammit.
Well that's different.
Too bad they don't have access to seeing the future.
Kayaks are generally smaller than canoes, so that makes sense. Your best bet is most likely a sit on top tandem.
Unless being religious means you can't run your own science experiments, or being religious means science requires you live a certain way or pay a certain amount of money to it, it's valid either way. There's also a difference in believing that science *holds* all the answers in its current body of knowledge, and believing that science is a system through which one can test and verify possible answers.
That looks like an ice rod rather than a toy rod.
Why do you set it as a clarification? The language change seems quite substantial in what it ends up meaning.
Interesting. And the rest about the godhead?
Are you being closed minded? I mean, your mind is closed to the idea of you reading the book. Is she being closed minded? She won't marry you unless it's in the temple. Ask her bluntly if you read it and don't believe would she still marry you. If the answer is no, then you can make your decision. If her answer is noncommittal, it's likely a no as well.
My best luck had been with moss gathered from greenhouses. Out here in ther states they'll usually collect it for free.
Is that a septic tank?
Oop, yep.
Well, discount Ryam Gosling anyway.
Maybe stop posting these.
No worries if you do that. Just go to command prompt, type in fdisk, and hit enter.
". . . you traced this image. . ." Also "Tracing's not the problem'. Regardless, this image is specifically released to the public domain by its maker.
Critics have their own preferences that don't necessarily match those of the general public. If I remember right, The Lion King had really bad reviews and is pretty universally loved.
Pro tip, OP: Using different colors to denote different people can make coloring threads like this much easier.
Hoors day voors.
The texture change of frozen spinach isn't really noticeable when it's blended in a smoothie.
Your title says "batterfly" instead of butterfly.
Okay, this one got an actual laugh.
Oh, yep. Totally missed those.
Why you gotta go and try to make things political?
I mean, if you have a g-tube or an eating issue, sure. You're gonna need something like a Blendtec, though.
I really enjoy that I'm seeing more carp on here.
&gt;. . .volleyball is a girl sport in Oklahoma . . . Sounds like a good time to me.
Carp multiply pretty quickly so it doesn't hurt to keep them. Tossing the telly big ones back and keeping the smaller ones is a good idea though. Gives you a better stock down the line.
Those're Canada's geeses!
Easy to make the church ot to be the most progressive when you redefine the word.
What are the flakes doing? If they're crushing into pieces before going very far, you're probably not grabbing quite enough material on that just slap. If they're going a decent way before hinging, you're probably grabbing too much material. It's also possible that there's just not enough pressure going inward to the slab.
As someone who also doesn't buy into the medical or supernatural I would suggest not counting out the addition of crystals, or even singing bowls. While I would completely agree that there is no hard evidence that either of them provide any sort of spiritual benefit, they do look and sound good still. I have a singing bowl that makes a really nice sound in my meditation space, as well as plants and crystals because they just look good.
&gt;No claim can be made that any policies adopted in foreign countries have worked in a climate similar to the US. K.
Cucunartuq! (Alutiiq here).
Beats out chinchillas?
A lot of vegans stick to natural fibers for clothing.
Oh look, a drive by.
Is he mormon, /u/EatsAllNearbyPies?
I want to *finish* more projects this year. Starting them is a little too easy for me. 😅
He definitely would have been better served taking a moment to check. Title is still wrong though.
OP admitted the title on this isn't accurate.
Your friend is right- soap stone can't be knapped but can be carved.
A lot of peoples carved soap stone. If you Google it you'll get a lot of ideas.
Native peoples traded for materials when they were able. I'm not aware of any obsidian deposits in your area. It seems chert is fairly common in that area though.
Tip shop? Tip face?
How old?
Ihaven't played that one but I watched my roommate a couple times. Looked pretty good.
Source the first is staged?
My buddy it's wiccan and I thought this looked familiar.
Fake facts! Did you know Costco has to give you free items if you request to speak to the manager? Reply "more" to hear another!
Holy fuck, it's *still* going?!
Oh, okay. So like when they switched broccoli for bell peppers in the Japanese Inside Out. Cool.
That's like maybe a cent, then.
I used to be mormon. Currently Word of Wisdom has been clarified so alcohol is forbidden. Mormons following the current interpretation won't drink.
That's when you get their number and spam photos of titmice using one of those online number websites.
Pretty sure that's the front diff/transaxle.
I gotta find me a mechanic honey.
Pull up section 3 like the lesson says.
&gt;Nowhere in the lesson does it condemn same-sex marriage. It is incredibly vague. &gt;Granted, it references talks that do both of the above. This is such a bullshit defense. "It doesn't actually *say* homophobic things, it just tells you to read them from adifferent talk."
This is such a bullshit defense. "It doesn't actually *say* homophobic things, it just tells you to read them from a different talk."
Make it available only to those with an LDS membership account that's marked as full tithe payer. Or they could just cut the BS and make it public.
Sounds like you understood it just fine, but don't want to acknowledge he was lying.
Well, no. DN's purpose was to identify/ shun. Ex mo's purpose is to identify/ empower.
I'm aware of the issues around it due to my professional position.
What's Flash Boys? Like an LGBT Hardy Boys?
Okay, this and /u/nybor456's post are adorable!
No, I've got that hooked up. My Bosch OBD 1300 tells me to hook up to the "cigarette lighter-barrel jack" to power the tests and says it's in the engine compartment.
I'm not seeing it on mine, but maybe I just don't know what it lookes like/ where it is. 🤷‍♂️
Lol. I searched all over but my Google- fu failed me. I've got the cigarette lighter connector, I'm just trying to figure out where it plugs into.
Yeah, I've done the wire jumper before. Got this because it (ostensibly) runs OBDI and II.
I'd have gone with just and OBDI, but my mom's and brother's vehicles are OBDII. I'm not a trained mechanic, but at the very least I can read the codes and let them know what's up. They've run into a couple dishonest mechanics out here before so it helps.
Oh, I knew where that was. I was just looking for the one my tool said was in the engine bay.
Yeah, I don't think the fiat currency the USD is would survive the described precursors to his return.
Thanks for this. It would have been nice to have parents that did this rather than separating me from my friends and the activities I enjoyed when I didn't wish to attend/ believe as a child.
&gt;I really love to bring up the second point whenever someone starts using arguments from incredulity or Pascal's wager. Example, please?
Link or example of the non created universe analogy?
Comedy = tragedy + tim*ing*
Nice try, apologist!/s
My cousin served in Spain, she loved it!
Listen to God or he'll drown you?
I think that was Lot.
Sounds like she'd get along great with my aunt.
Oof.
I mean, I'd be pretty enthused to come home and find my girlfriend in that state. Hot lady doing something creative woke partly dressed? Instant turn on.
r/mansewing
Freesewing.org [has a pattern](https://freesewing.org/patterns/waralee) for them.
Oh, fuck yeah!
X post this to r/wicca
&gt;If conditions would have gotten to bad, Like having to stop every 30 minutes to beat ice off your windshield wipers? Roads were totally dry and not at all icy during those conditions too, right?
Because the American Jewish Committee, American Jewish Congress and Anti Defamation Legue were formed to tell the US we were doing great at not being anti-semetic.
Check their profile. They constantly broke the rules for the sub.
Check their profile. They constantly broke the rules for the sub.
Check their profile. They constantly broke the rules for the sub.
Nope.
&gt;You constantly break the rules in subreddits you participate in/ post to after they've been explained to you.
Wut?
Okay, so pony up where it says that.
Yep, he can from this. The scary thing is the Trump administration has also increased them *and* made it so they don't report on how many civilians they kill anymore.
&gt;The whole Russian Collusion naritive has been proven to be a scam to slander Trump to keep him from being elected. Proven by who? Sources? (Please be Alex Jones and Jannity, I need a laugh).
&gt;When Obama was president. I was discarded like trash to the banksters. What do you mean by this?
Because I didn't know it had been changed during the Trump administration.
I noticed you guys didn't provide sourcing, so I googled it. [Doesn't look false.](https://time.com/5546366/trump-cancels-drone-strike-rule/)
&gt;A law Congress passed last year requires the Defense Department to provide Congress a report of civilian casualties, though parts of it may be classified. Trump’s action effectively removes casualties from any drone strikes by the CIA or other agencies outside the military from the reporting requirements. https://time.com/5546366/trump-cancels-drone-strike-rule/
No. The [executive order](https://obamawhitehouse.archives.gov/the-press-office/2016/07/01/executive-order-united-states-policy-pre-and-post-strike-measures) required unclassified summaries and was greater in scope on what was reported. The report required by Congress from the DoD is only seen by Congress and is able to be classified.
Both are included. You need to read the [executive order](https://obamawhitehouse.archives.gov/the-press-office/2016/07/01/executive-order-united-states-policy-pre-and-post-strike-measures) because you clearly haven't.
Okay. &gt;[The order signed by Trump revokes the requirement that the administration release an unclassified summary of “the number of strikes undertaken by the United States Government against terrorist targets outside areas of active hostilities, as well as assessments of combatant and non combatant deaths resulting from those strikes, among other information.”](https://time.com/5546366/trump-cancels-drone-strike-rule/) &gt;[It required the head of the CIA to release annual summaries of US drone strikes and assess how many died as a result.](It required the head of the CIA to release annual summaries of US drone strikes and assess how many died as a result.) Again, read the [order](https://obamawhitehouse.archives.gov/the-press-office/2016/07/01/executive-order-united-states-policy-pre-and-post-strike-measures)
Wut?
Looks good.
Reusing paper tissues you've blown your nose in is definitely cringe.
This is fake as shit.
Because they can. They're really, seriously inaccurate and even it's inventor acknowledges that.
Correct me if I'm wrong, but I was under the impression Texas isn't really quite considered part of the deep south.
&gt;Right, but then there are those that speculate that stars or the universe are conscious and those ideas are treated with respect. Gonna need a source on that.
Imagine getting hurt because someone has doodles on their body.
I mean, you can have *a* drink each night and not be an alcoholic.
Reddit is neither.
Nope. Section 230 of the CRA literally says, "No provider or user of an interactive computer service shall be treated as the publisher or speaker of any information provided by another information content provider."
Nope. Section 230 of the CRA literally says, "No provider or user of an interactive computer service shall be treated as the publisher or speaker of any information provided by another information content provider."
That actually looks pretty slick.
I generally let the big ones go, otherwise if it's legal it's going on my table.
Looks like it's missing a cover. It's a treadle model, so you'll power it with the foot pedal at the bottom. It'll only do a straight stitch, which is what you do 90% of the time anyway. If you Google "how to sew with a treadle singer" you'll get some good videos.
No one is preventing you of being critical. They're preventing you from making threats or calls to violence on this platform.
Last I checked, .50 BMG did diddly squat against tanks.
I'll second the pillow covers. I made one out of an [old shirt](https://www.reddit.com/r/mansewing/comments/ej8o12/i_tore_the_sleeves_on_this_so_now_its_a_pillow/?utm_medium=android_app&amp;utm_source=share), they're pretty slick.
It's not like families spend a significant amount of time together or canand do develop similar ways of speaking or writing.
What tips you off that it's fake?
Depends on how you define Christian.
Back when the Danites were a thing, they might've anyway.
In what ways?
Ah, I missed that. In that case, it's changed one more time. The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints hasn't existed outside of a [trade mark](https://www.churchofjesuschrist.org/reference/trademark-guidelines?lang=eng&amp;country=go) since 1887 when it was dissolved after refusing to follow the law regarding polygamy. Currently the official legal name is the "[Corporation of the President of the Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints](https://secure.utah.gov/bes/details.html?entity=555534-0145)." Edit: added links for reference. Edit 2: [Here](https://www.churchofjesuschrist.org/reference/trademark-guidelines?lang=eng&amp;country=go) the corporation itself lists its legal names and trademarks. &gt;These are trademarks and service marks of Corporation of the President of The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints or Intellectual Reserve, Inc., and are registered in the United States of America and other countries.
&gt;It was Emma Smith who, not wanting to be scarred, refused. That'd be more than 20 wives in if true.
I mean, in that context an instruction is a commandment, right? Don't folks covenant to obey those?
Agree to disagree.
Probably because of Alma 3:6. Differences: Red dot, shorn hair, etc- things these people's did to adorn themselves. Dark skin- mark placed upon them by God. Also, no one is saying &gt;that the people could only tell themselves apart by skin color. That's a pretty nasty strawman. They're saying that a skin of blackness was the mark of the curse given by God according to the scripture. Your argument of white and black / righteousness and wickedness is pretty well addressed by the OP already.
&gt;Though the tailfeather story does cast some doubt on this interpretation. Share?
... the companies are literally displayed on those tags. Not sure what you're asking if not for those company names.
Depends on what kind of spike you have. If you look up the marks on it you should be able to find out.
Okay. Try not to act too surprised when you get banned.
Dude, give it up. They're clearly not going to listen to anything that doesn't support their view.
Does it smell like faintly minty marijuana? Because it looks alot like the catnip in my yard.
👋
I mean, the fact that you refer to making it work for you as triple think isn't really indicative that you think it's healthy.
... we talking JRR Tolkien? LOTR fame Tolkein? I don't remember anything like that in there.
Do you mean sarcasm?
Yeah, both amounts sounded wrong which is why I commented asking.
As these days go by.
&gt;We don't claim this, but some believe we do Probably because leadership *has* claimed this multiple times. Even in recent years.
I luke boxes like this. I can easily just grab ther one I want, toss it in my pack and go.
Deployment boyfriend?
Oh. My brother's GF did that to him when he was deployed. Called him crying after he got back because the dude she cheated on him with broke up with her. He told her he didn't give afuck and to pound sand. Bitch.
Well I've not seen that before.
It's included in it, yes.
Your inference is rather limiting. What they said was accurate.
That no one implied it was an issue unique to Utah.
On some models, like my singer 4423, the spool rod is horizontal.
I'm not seeing any rust, just brass or copper strings.
What's an impossible burger?
&gt;Pistols &gt;100 yards I know this is long range, but wut?
Root loot riot!
Then you do the same thing I do when discussing the unsavory parts of Mormonism with my mormon family: you don't link to the secondary site (snopes), you provide the studies/sources discussed inside their articles.
How?
Magic world views + loneliness + horniness = some crazy shit that's hard to talk people out of.
That's some crazy spin.
No idea. As is par for the course, crazy is hard to follow.
I'm with u/Crobbin17: what ramifications?
Nah, it's ignorant. Why? Because the majority of undocumented immigrants are 1. not Mexican, 2. 1/3 -1/2 of undocumented immigrants simply over stay their visas, 3. a wall simply wouldn't be effective.
My dad went from the army to the NG and was in for years. From what I remember of his unit, most weren't kids.
I mean, we've never set an example as a democracy to my knowledge.
Putting another person through the pain and shit I've dealt with doesn't make it right. If anything, it makes it more wrong.
How do you feel about carefully worded denials?
SHAVE THE EYEBROWS!
Just lay down a large tarp. Don't turn it into a bowl, just lay it out flat.
I do.
Why? It's just something symbolic of her beliefs like a garment. Not something to worship.
That makes sense. Rosaries have a very specific construction and look so I figured that it's purpose and actual appearance was far enough away from am actual rosary that it wouldn't be an issue.
I guess I just don't see a shutdown due to a pandemic as tyranny.
I live in a conservative state. I am part of groups that are traditionally fooled by conservatives. In my day to day life, I am surrounded by conservatives. The overwhelming majority opinion I've hard mirrors what the other guy said. Those I've heard say anything against it are by far the minority.
Why should they help protest systemic issues of the abuse of police power?
Maybe they don't, but to my knowledge they don't decry that either. I had a bishop not long ago who had kicked their kid out because they were gay.
It's okay, you can say bitch.
*jobs I don't want anything to do with any of that.
Well, yeah. But they're both items that remind their wearer of their promises/beliefs and are supposed to help them be mindful/ reflective of them. That's what I was alluding to.
Whelp, too late now.
Ah, I see. The words won't be on the necklace, the beads are just representative or symbolic of them since they're one of the few catechisms within the church. Both my mom and myself are from the time where the thirteen articles of faith were memorized. I could probably still recite them.
That's how he explained it, but thanks.
My ex had pretty much those proportions. A little thinner than what's shown, but damn did I think it was hot.
Correct, it wouldn't be tyranny. Unless, of course, police brutality is evident in those protests. Or instigation from police. Ironically what the protests are about in the first place.
This persons replies and outlook are extremely similar to an individual who makes alt accounts just to spam the same/similar things on r/unpopularopinion. If It's the same person, and it seems like it well may be, then they don't appear to actually want help, advice, or consideration. Just complain.
Uneven heating contributing to the breaking of PVC bows would not surprise me in the least. And you can put a lot of work into heating that bow and making sure it doesn't get burned spot, but there's only so much you can do to make sure that's even inconsistent when you just working with something like safe an aluminum tin foil trough and handheld heat gun.
Good bot.
My grandpa has been an avid hunter his whole life. As a result, a visit to the local outdoor range is customary when we have get-togethers. Last time we went my sister was about 20. We loaded the .22 luger clone for her. She pointed out down range, pulled the trigger, and nothing happened, so she turned around and swept everyone. We had a good talk with her that day.
Or even fucking straight up deny it happened?
Sorry, denied.
What?
Yo, that's fucked up.
It's not normal. Looks like your leaves are burnt which could come from a few things.
Brace yourself. The plant people are coming.
&gt;The confederates reacted to union agression, they didn't use these hortid measures. There're the true colors. The Confederacy reacted to not wanting to lose their ability to treat people like people. They didn't use those measures? Fucking bullshit. They subjugated peoples because their skin was different and they weren't looked at as human. They literally hung, whipped to death, and had dogs tear these people apart if they disobeyed or tried to escape to freedom.
Nope- once that war started it became more costly and difficult to get that cotton from the south and they went elsewhere for it.
Again: quote the part that makes this a very strong joint statement.
Wait, I thought he had called it quits.
If I remember right, his ward and maybe stake sent letters and drew pictures about him being innocent. Might've protested y held a vigil, too, but I might be mixing that up with someone else.
Who did?
Lol. I meant who killed Epstein.
If the Tell-Lie-vision wanted too do some GOOD, they'd let everyone know about the Jesuit Nukkake the EVIL LORREE MCBRIDE hit Canada and the USA with.
Me after coffee.
&gt;It’s science */s*
Hey, Jeff? People leave because they think it matters. Not because they think it doesn't.
Deleted after getting called out. Nice.
Nah, I'm good.
Ooooooh.
Free People of Color, [but don't have them live with us.](https://youtu.be/AEaNduN88DQ) Abolitionist generally weren't much less racist.
Mormon Bishops
Hurt. NIN original, Johnny Cash cover.
Maybe because you spammed it across unrelated subs.
Oh fuck off, ya snowflake. Columbus enslaved and brutalized the native peoples. That "he acted like everyone back then" doesn't exonerate him in the slightest.
[(With their prayers)](https://youtu.be/1uNpJyPpzXc)
Get the fuck out of here, you racist, unempathetic piece of trash.
There's no freak out.
&gt;Or the other hand I get it and live, I survived a pandemic. And likely spread it to others.
Oh, fuck out of here. I'll bet you couldn't even tell me the creation story of a single native people without googling it. You don't know what the native way of life is outside of your little Pocahontas Disney idea of it.
You need to go learn what the "native way" of life actually is. Start by figuring out that there isn't a "native way of life" because there are multiple nations and peoples with wildly different ways of life.
&gt;I respect the people trying to maintain law and order tho. You mean the cops who were there that didn't stop anyone assaulting him?
&gt;only manages to send Batman back in time, yeah sure I mean, it turned him into a universe destroying bomb so I wouldn't call that "only".
This scripture is literally still there.
&gt;his brain works in mysterious ways Found God?
Dishy = dishwasher?
One would think a Dr. would be qualified to be a coroner. Assuming they're a medical doctor.
Nice smallie!
We talking about the fish, or....?
Fucking accurate.
They're not the same Hornady.
What the fuck?
I thought Antifa was a more recent group.
Isn't there a section against cross dressing, or did that get taken out?
Could've sworn it was in For the Strength of Youth. In [Lesson 70](https://www.churchofjesuschrist.org/study/manual/old-testament-seminary-teacher-manual/introduction-to-the-book-of-deuteronomy/lesson-70-deuteronomy-20-26?lang=eng) of the Old Testament Seminary Teacher's manual, Deuteronomy 22:5 is specifically highlighted: &gt;Assign each student to read silently one or two of the following passages, looking for some of the laws Moses reiterated to the people. (You may want to write these references on the board before class. Consider waiting until after students have read and reported on their assigned verses to write the laws associated with each reference [included in parentheses].) &gt;Deuteronomy 22:1–4 (Laws about returning others’ property) &gt;Deuteronomy 22:5 (A law about dress and appearance) . . . It's also specified in the [student seminary manual.](https://www.churchofjesuschrist.org/study/manual/old-testament-study-guide-for-home-study-seminary-students-2015/introduction-to-deuteronomy/unit-14-day-4-deuteronomy-20-26?lang=eng) I suppose well have to wait and see if it's included in the Come, Follow Me Old Testament manuals, and the new seminary manuals.
Well, the name changes make no difference. So calling them out is petty *because the name changes make no difference*.
I mean, we've violated it as well haven't we"
Huh. Not quite TERF, but TERF-like. Unfortunate.
Please don't save a 'turtle' by throwing it in the water.
Just remember to quarantine them. They can have insects and fungus picked up from the floors.
You can do the same with many slugs.
Yup.
I want you to cosplay a queen leif erickson in this dress.
When did he say that?
I mean, i'd say they're pretty troll like. And a bit pompus.
Its abuse of power to pull someone over and detain them when they've broken no laws.
&gt;There is no way to justify someone who was 25 at the time being interested and dating a 14 year old. Talk to the Mormons. That's nothing compared to their founder marrying a 14 year old when he was 30+. They try to rationalize it like crazy.
We would, but they're mostly women.
Nah, that's a girl playing with a girl. Super gay.
The conundrum is a tongue-in-cheek joke. In the joke, a solo cam girl would be super gay because she (a girl) would be playing with herself (also a girl), thereby making it lesbian porn and, therefore, gay as fuck.
Welcome!
Wind breaks and a fast-growing firewood. Burns too fast/hot fir my taste but I guess it's better than manzanita.
Taste pretty similar, channels just get bigger.
Something tells me that won't do super well.
Looks neat! Shouldn't there be an Our Father bead with that decade up top, though?
I don't need to see that I've grown in that way.
I have this thing where I like having things from the year I was born. Looks like I get to look around for an 89 ranger that's as clean as that one.
Since you're already banned, might as well link the proof here.
For example: I recently discovered I excel at being almost completely fucking useless. Now to figure out how to profit off that.
Looks like phragmites australis.
Whelp, I know what I'm going to ~~dream about~~ have a nightmare of now.
🤦
Police are fighting child exploitation? [Police](https://www.justice.gov/usao-md/pr/former-washington-dc-police-officer-sentenced-14-years-federal-prison-sex-trafficking-two) are [part](https://www.google.com/amp/s/abcnews.go.com/amp/US/wireStory/documents-federal-agents-sex-trafficking-victims-70619440) of the [problem.](https://www.google.com/amp/s/www.eastbayexpress.com/oakland/naming-names-these-officers-are-responsible-for-the-failed-oakland-police-sex-scandal-investigation/Content%3foid=7673287&amp;media=AMP%2bHTML)
My ex would be in a hard spot. She straight up told me polygamy was evil. It'd be interesting to see what she did.
We get it, you know a couple languages.
They can because that heritage is slavery/racism.
I disagree that either of those were trivial or that this is trivial.
No, that would be Deutschland which appears on none of those.
Change this to brighter colors, and split the dress into poofy legs and it'd be a sweet looking summer doo!
Not necessarily. People often settle for security and if he's gone that security is also gone. She could feel she settled, wish things were different, and still not want OP to leave.
DesNats would love that.
DesNats would love that change!
My buddy is tired of the name game with the stadium, can't imagine how renaming the school would bug him.
"Hold".
&gt;but we should see an arrest very, very soon. Is leaving a noose like this illegal? If bet on a quiet firing and a report that the individual was identified and dealt with appropriately.
Fuck sake. 😑
As in you want busted/failed points, or the detritus from making a point?
r/outoftheloop
Climb the ramparts. Storm the castle.
This guy never felt safe in the video. I doubt he grew up feeling safe.
But, but, but: the satanic ritual abuse from the 80s!
Utah would still exist. It would have a different name and the laws would be a bit different, but I don't see anything wrong with that.
Yeah. Not to mention all the stress it puts the animal through is gonna make it taste horrible.
Chopper fuel is stupid cheap if you're running a turbine engine. Something like $.50/gallon. Helicopters are expensive to run more because of the inspections than the fuel. Source: dad is a heli mechanic.
The overwhelming majority of my LDS friends didn't tip. Those that did usually only tipped 10%.
My body must hate me, then. I've chucked myself out of the top bunk a million times.
Have guns, also drink sometimes. Don't mix the two, cause that's dumb as fuck.
Impassioned, yes. Good? No.
I really doubt that's where she is.
&gt;I understand that and I am not defending this person I was just making a point not all slave owners were evil. Yes they were. They owned people. That's evil. Treating them nice doesn't change that, again, *they were not free*. &gt;America isint the only place to even have slaves. It was definitely not the first No one said it was. They're saying it was and is wrong. &gt;I'm not trying to justify owning another human being I'm just saying that under the circumstances on paper it was safer for the slave owner as it was for the slave. Granted it was rare but they could exploit it on the surface while having a relatively normal life within the property This is such bullshit
Yes it can: musubi.
What... what's taters, precious?
So what?
Your something, alright. Millennial ain't the word I'd use, though.
If you'd like more space, I'd suggest moving the bed anyway and then building yourself a [murphy desk](https://youtu.be/IxBim4oh19Y) and maybe eventually replacing the bed with [this](https://youtu.be/qLLfxfW9qmU). It would open your space way up. They're pretty simple. Alternatively, there's [this](https://youtu.be/vh5Na2x-BL4) murphy bed/desk.
Hey. Fuck off with your misinformation.
My mask continuously slips down off my nose. It's super annoying.
In discussions where you use "the bible says" as justification, it opens up the whole bible, which the old testament is part of.
It doesn't.
He doesn't die in the video. He died later.
Kindly sod off.
Drone strikes have definitely increased under Trump.
One of the few acceptable headshots with animals is a turkey, *if you're hunting with a shotgun*.
Or like Prince Eric ramming Ursula.
I have. Not my thing.
It does matter. Why? The Democratic Party *was* steeped slavery. The battle flag was and *is still* steeped in racism.
How?
Or, and hear me out on this, we could just get rid of a symbol that historically has been and *continues to be* a symbol of slavery, oppression, and racism.
Axes can make very even and smooth cuts if you know what you're doing. Check out old photos of lumber jacks and their trees to see some crazy stuff.
The comment addresses MormonMoron's arguments that the LDS church's investments aren't tithing money, and doesn't attack or address MormonMoron as a person.
They swept each other. Poor safety and muzzle control whether you like it or not.
No, it's an accurate description of what a firearm is capable of.
No, it's an accurate description of the potential results of a firearm being pointed at a person or thing.
Dude, your position is unpopular *on a pro gun forum*. Stop trying to assign ulterior motives and just take the L.
[K](https://youtu.be/6bI9Rg9l100)
It's not, but she is definitely down range of him which isn't any better. Wouldn't take more than a slight shift and a slip for a round to go through her.
&gt;You want to call the police, that's a great idea. Maybe not so much right now.
Grandpa? How you typing this? You're dead.
Am from Nor Cal. If you're not on city sewer you're on septic.
It does. Specifically, it says &gt;at her downrange. That can be read either as "at her, downrange" which makes sense, or "at her downrange", which doesn't make sense. Either way it's not accurate since the rifle is neither pointed at her nor in the direction downrange of the firearm she's carrying. But I get that you know reading comprehension is hard from your first hand experience, so I'll forgive you.
"Can get land for nearly that cheap." (180/acre) Followed by &gt;here’s under $600 an acre. [Huh.](https://youtu.be/rsRjQDrDnY8)
And will likely be expensive as balls, too.
Why not?
Being mayor and doxxing people protesting police brutality isn't government oppressing people, got it. It's okay to give a pass on illegal acts as long as *you're* the one okay with them, got it.
Sure, but accounting for inflation isn't what you meant. Otherwise you'd have said "for less than that" rather than "for nearly that". Also, it was purchased in 1968, not in the 1950s.
I disagree. The high price is paid each month for the foreseeable future and stacks up pretty quick.
Seeing as most people will likely continue using physical home and business connections, yeah really.
"Cheapest way anyone could provide low latency internet to the world's growing populations" =/= cheap for the individuals using it. Also, &gt;It also laid the ground work for mars internet. You from the future or something?
Yeah, no. A fuck ton was by musket.
Same.
Okay, and? The cost to maintain and upgrade Starlink will still be significantly more expensive due to the simple fact that it's in space. And of course a smart phone does more than a scientific calculator. That's an even worse comparison.
Pretty sure you can just type treason.
Many cannot afford the cost. Even with insurance, many avoid going to the doctor for preventative medicine and check ups because they are unable to afford the associated cost.
Not to mention you've got to have pretty damn good aim to miss the arteries in the leg.
The top voted comments are all disappointed. The majority of the people are. It's like you didn't read anything and just commented.
Huh?
So you scrolled down to see the proportionally small amount of people who aren't upset about it, then decided to characterize the sentiment on the post as nobody being upset? So much better.
Frankly I was laughing all the way through. Can you imagine that convo? "Hey man, when you die can I steal your leg skins and turn your scrote into a literal coin purse?" "Yeah, just make sure you gank a coin from Sigrún. Trying to figure out where it went will drive the bitch nuts, it'll be hilarious!"
Also can be poisonous or harboring something poisonous.
That lion in India that's killed 400+ people begs to differ.
Polar bars often come into populated areas of Alaska and populated northern areas of Canada. The numbers aren't close.
Oops.
That's unnecessary and would be excessive force. Exactly what we're protesting in the US right now.
No. You don't get to try and chastise an entire sub for being okay with assault like this when they're not. And you certainly don't get to try and cover up being called out by changing it to "well aren't you disturbed people are".
&gt;Guns are fun but that john wick cosplay stuff is cringy and unnecessary. Don't smack talk my airsoft time!
That's Westborough Baptist levels of bullshit.
That'd be an interesting story line.
Not when they use the old water weight and bloat trick some workout and fitness promotions use. How's it work? Get your body into great shape. Finish workout and take photo immediately after. Then, eat a shit ton of salty foods and soda. Your entire body will take on water weight pudge and bloating. Having said that, these photos seem legit.
Okay, I'll bite. Recently in Louisville, a bunch of cops busted into a house and shot a woman who had been sleeping in her own bed. 8 times. Somehow their report was filled with the information that she received no injuries. They tried charging the boyfriend for drawing and firing his weapon because he thought he was being robbed. None of these officers have faced criminal charges. One was fired from his department, but ~~was hired on elsewhere~~ is appealing his termination. There's a lot more of this bullshit, but be honest here- you don't care. Edit: clarity and correction.
Sure are. Scoped out your account due to your username. Congrats on getting out and I'm glad you and your dad got a good conversation in spite of it.
This isn't even the same thing.
No, I addressed your bullshit about how there aren't any recent examples. Again: GTFO troll.
Britain and Europe abolished slavery before the US, which didn't abolish it until 1865. Stop trying to spread misinformation.
