Due process is critically important. They must have a fair trial where the truth of the matter is determined. If they are convicted the state execute them.
Development in the oilfields was mostly foreign investment.
Does it burn when you are this intellectually dishonest? Recovering != recovered 100%
Step 1. Massive population cull. Step 2. Die in step 1. Step 3. World war. Should be good times.
If only we had spent hundreds of millions of dollars to build a stadium. We could see the husk of a band from the 70s live.
Clearly shows how costly our tolerance towards bad behaviour is, at least in terms of policing. * Why are things like pet licensing not self-sustaining? * Why does the city provide cemetery services? * What kind of overlap exists between Strategic Marketing and Communications vs Economic Development and Tourism? * Why does the city have an "Arts and Culture" budget? * Where is the line-item that shows how much each Calgarian pays because the City can't help but be raked over the coals by vendors of all sizes?
Beddington is on the eastern side of the 14st frontier.
Only slight? that's not exactly a ringing endorsement of this library...
Back when this project was first announced I got a lot of push back here for suggesting that this would be better as a community center than as a library. A giant reinforced building to stock hundreds of thousands of books seems like a waste of space in the 21st century. A national digital library would be something I could get behind.
A faith-based school arguing that something else spreads harmful ideology? Laughable.
I wonder what it is like to live in such terror because of "the gays".
Why the fuck would staples agree?
They are a municipal government with better things to spend money on?
Also don't be a neighbour of Nazi Germany generally...
&gt;Some people value arts and culture, you know the people who make up the patchwork of a city? They are free to pay for it then. Why am I forced to pay for it?
Your idea of late game content is forcing people to look at loading screens for hours at a time?
So, you believe that we should force people to pay for art for the same reason we all pay for roads, or transit, or fire protection even though we may not use those roads, or ride the bus, or have fires that need fighting? Are you sure that is the point you want to stand on? By that logic, is there any business the city shouldn't be involved in? Maybe the city should start funding its own video games, truck manufacturing, or antacid tablets.
I guess. I like this game, but I can only deal with ~30 loading screens from one destination to another before the despair sets in. Colonia is 400 loading screens away for someone with a 50ly jump.
I was unaware that only the government can provide art and culture. Maybe that's why the Flames want the city to pay for their stadium? Only government can provide stadiums. Also, if we are going to argue with fake quotes from WW2 historical figures, I can do that. "Local municipalities should use public tax money for arts and culture over roads and buses" -Hitler
Well, next time work on being a little less polite, because it almost sounded like you agreed with him.
&gt; People are going to prosecute you if you criticize migration because they want to implement Sharia law. This is sick as fuck. Law preventing people from criticizing ideas.
&gt;Ah, well it's mostly about calling for a need to develop developing nations, so they can get up to western standards. AKA the plan to accelerate climate change.
Perhaps if Quebec wasn't so aggressively taxed they might not be a "have not". Perhaps if Quebec's resource income was counted fairly like other provinces Quebec wouldn't absorb such a large part of the pie on the backs of tax paying Albertans. Oh well, I'm sure if the balance of economics changes and the west becomes "have not" suddenly equalization reform will be taken seriously.
Ok, your english is really quite poor but I will try to parse it here. &gt;One I would give would be public transit. Do I ever use transit no I have a personal vehicle? Do you have a personal vehicle? I do not know. I do know that public transportation is a pretty important thing for a city, even for those who do not use it. If the ~100000 people using transit to get downtown every day were driving that would be unpleasant for everyone. &gt; Public art provides tangible benefits. Lots of things provide tangible benefits. I need both food and my health to survive but I don't go to a hospital to order a cheeseburger. I don't believe the city should be in the business of providing *anything* that provides tangible benefits. They should stick to what they are necessary for, and let the free market handle the rest.
Parks make a lot more sense for a city to provide over art. Isn't that just painfully obvious?
So would city ice cream kiosks on every street corner.
Sure, they aren't strictly necessary, but you don't see City government management of city land as more relevant than the City government engaged in funding arts projects? As for privatization, I would like to see some of our green spaces privatized. The city shouldn't be in the cemetery or golf business.
&gt;Dude you are missing the point... Taxation has no effect on the "have", "have not" status... What counts is the fiscal capacity of a province. Absolutely it does. See below. &gt;A province where the average salary is $75,000 has a higher fiscal capacity than a province where the average salary of $50,000... Salaries in Alberta are 25% to 40% HIGHER than in Quebec... Quebecers are too poor to provide a fiscal capacity to their province equal to that of Alberta. When high taxation suppresses the local economy you can't be surprised when local wages are suppressed at the same time. &gt;Why are Quebecers paid so little? Quebec lost a lot of manufacturing jobs in the past 30 years, Quebec's population is aging rapidly and Quebec families have only started accumulating "family wealth" since the late 60's... Again, because businesses moved to where they could operate more effectively. Consequently, you had a big migration of Canada's youth from all over to Alberta, where opportunity could be had. &gt;The grand parents of most Quebecers were, for generations, humble workers with salaries so low they could hardly put any money aside. The English majority ran the businesses, ran the factories and swallowed most of the wealth. Most Quebecers in larger cities were renters, the landlords were English. So now equalization payments have nothing to do with equalization and everything to do with reparations to french speaking people?
&gt;I hope your ready to pay a toll for leaving your driveway, and pay to play health care. I wasn't aware that the art budget paid for roads and health care. Please explain how they relate. I am starting to think that we have literacy crisis on our hands. Maybe the art budget should be folded into education. &gt;Must be nice to have that kind of financial stability and disposable income. It is nice.
He’s not falling in line, he must be purposefully obtuse! Get him!
Something having a “tangible benefit” is not a significant enough reason for city funding by itself, otherwise I demand public Icecream and weed kiosks on every street corner.
hahahaha
The whole point of the safe injection site is to make do-gooders feel good about it and force locals to deal with the consequences.
I know. It's revolting that I am forced to pay to help degenerates victimize everyone they encounter.
Nothing in that document changes anything I said. The "harm" in harm reduction drug policies always focus on the harm drug users are doing to themselves and not the damage they do to their communities. Helping drug users stay alive causes harm to our community.
Lots of people have sob stories. Only a few of them turn on the people around them. If someone can jam a bunch of junk into their blood without becoming a threat to the people around them and leaving their needles everywhere, I don't give a fuck. &gt;It's much easier for you to just call them degenerates and not worry yourself, right? Human compassion is a limited resource. Lots of people out there who don't victimize people regularly who need help. We ignore them because they aren't the ones that will steal our bikes for their next fix.
&gt;Do you think these places make more drug users? There are just as many discarded needles. They're just concentrated in one place. If we keep junkies from dying then their numbers increase, unless we find a way to slow down their creation. &gt;Supervised consumption sites ensure diseases like Hep and AIDs aren't transmitted as much. If someone ODs they have people onsite to help them. If someone wants to quit they have resources to help them. A health system with punishing delays for needed treatments yet we spend resources keeping junkies alive, so that they can cause even more harm to our communities. &gt;No, it helps you justify you disgusting lack of human decency. Priorities. Who do you help? 5 people who haven't hurt anyone or 1 person who has hurt countless people?
Yeah, you learned your morality in 24 minute increments from a flickering box and when confronted by harsh reality you simply pretend. It's easier to insult people and call them toxic than it is to face the truth.
I really don't care about the motivations of people who think it is ok to take from other people, who are willing to hurt an unlimited number of others to satisfy their own needs. I'm quite comfortable calling them degenerates, because that is what they are. If you can become an addict but support yourself without hurting the people around you then I really don't give a damn.
* I have empathy for the victims of junkies. * I have empathy for the people who wait longer for needed medical treatments because so much of our resources are spent on the worst of us. * I have empathy for the people who need AISH and get to experience the underside of the poverty line first hand. I don't have empathy for people who hurt others.
Junkies would magically disappear. You know, when they died.
Yes
Safe injection sites concentrate the danger to the community. Other areas may see a drop in junk being left about, but any community unfortunate enough to have a safe injection site will see a massive increase.
Preventing overdoses is not a good thing.
Banish the junkies to the northern wastes. The injection site can follow.
All poor people are junkies?
Yes, and then they turn to violence and crime to get what they want. This is my problem with them.
So are murderers and rapists. I don't particularly like them either.
I wasn’t aware that zombies were the only things constrained by basic math.
Trudeau just can't help himself. If he sees an easy way to make it look like he is doing good, without actually putting real effort in to solve an issue, he'll do it. Put the screws to legal gun owners. That'll teach the gangsters that buy blackmarket guns smuggled across the US border what for.
Fuck China
France, where labour laws have become so stifling that hiring a young person is a 40 year bet no business wants to make.
Eliminate rebates for poorer Albertans and I am 100% the carbon tax. Otherwise it's just taking more money out of my pocket to benefit others.
Well you see, if I have a basket with 5 apples, and I add 1 apple, and remove 2 apples, now I have 4 apples. If I didn't remove the 2 apples, I'd have 6 apples. 6 is a bigger number than 4.
The City is concerned that is not being fairly compensated for the space in its street conduits. Whether it is or not, I don't know. But it's more than what Telus is saying I'm sure. Fuck, I just defended the city. I feel dirty.
Criminals convicted repeatedly in fair courts have no business being in our society.
Help maximize the damage junkies do to your community. Join "BeTheChangeYYC" today!
Were the homeless and displaced of the 1930s like a locust plague stealing anything not nailed down to feed their addictions?
The poorest 5/7ths of the population will simply need to go away. Once the effects of climate change reach the nations that can enforce this kind of population cull, expect it. The 21st century will make the 20th century look like a peacenik love-in.
It's the future. I can see orcas in their natural habitat on my 4k HD idiot box doing cool whale stuff narrated by some upper-class british guy. Why the fuck would I want to see one doing a shitty dance in an over-sized bathtub in Ontario?
This is an excellent video.
Nor would Alberta enjoy its comparative level of economic prosperity.
Quebec chose to base its economy on taxation and handouts. Quebec chose to crush economic growth. Good thing Albertans have the money to pay for it.
Yeah, Quebec, land of hydro energy and mineral wealth, got a real bad deal geographically...
Nothing like high taxes to spur economic growth?
Lol. That’s really worked out well for Quebec, which is why they are a have province now. Oh wait...
&gt; 26 breaches of conditions Sounds like strike 2 for these guys.
Woah, what the fuck are you doing, thinking about the "victims" in these crimes? Don't you know the true victims are the criminals that society forced into doing bad things? You monster.
Meth users can only help themselves. We should look to protect society from meth users that turn to crime to support their habit.
What about all the crimes they commit?
&gt;The reality is when people do voice such opinions or concerns, they’re often shouted down or mocked/ ridiculed for not being sensitive or understanding the situation. Because people are simple animals who only react to what they can see. All they see when they look at the methhead thief is the poor disheveled halfwit, not his dozens of victims.
&gt; The costs of 911 is ENORMOUSLY expensive and this is one reason why every year the costs keep getting higher. For EMS CFD and CPS to show up to a junkie is 1000$/hr - if not more. A cost that could be reduced if we executed junkies convicted of criminal activity.
Anyone over the age of 12 that starts using drugs deserves everything coming their way.
Why would anyone willingly do business with Bombardier?
Canada cannot save the planet. All we can do is reduce our quality of life.
Immigration is one of the most damaging things Canada can do for the environment. Canada has the highest carbon output per person, having a high quality of life with a lot of space and cold temperatures. Immigrants to Canada from poorer nations quickly go from 1-4 barrels of oil equivalent energy usage a year to 50+ BOE.
&gt;, how many world wars did Stalin start? Soviet troops invaded Poland 16 days after Nazi Germany did. It was inevitable that the Nazis and the Soviets would turn on each other, but WW2 began with Hitler and Stalin dividing Eastern Europe between them. France and the UK seriously considered bombing Soviet oil fields cut Nazi supplies.
Tell that to Poland, Finland, Estonia, Latvia, and Lithuania.
That wasn’t a reaction to anything. Stalin and Hitler divided up the spoils of Eastern Europe between them with the Molotov-Ribbentrop pact.
So, in other words, the system cheats other provinces in favour of Quebec.
I can't believe your best friend's mom victimized that junkie by not getting him away from the police more effectively. I hope society provides the knife wielding junkie all the support it can so that next time he does better.
Most people seem to see junkies as victims of society, and deserving of support, while the victims of junkies are seen as collateral damage and ignored.
I'm not the one assaulting people and stealing everything not nailed down. Junkies are vermin. When convicted of multiple crimes or any violent crime the State should execute them.
Are dealers holding junkies down and getting them addicted now?
I wouldn't describe a drug addict as a junkie if they weren't criminal. I mean, some drug addicts manage to live their lives with addiction, and I really don't care if they do or they don't. My problem is with the majority of them that leave needles around and fund their habit with crime.
I know exactly what I am talking about. Junkies are awful people and a threat to their communities.
Lots of people side with the junkies until just after the inevitable happens and they hurt someone.
Haha. She sounds like a fucking moron. &gt; she'd been clean for a year Was she hooked against her will?
I don't think it's healthy that we let a tiny minority of bad people hurt so many others.
I don't think addiction excuses violent or criminal activity.
&gt;which I of course began using How is this anyone's fault but your own? &gt; I didnt get a fucking chance at all, but I was lucky enough to get away from it Is this supposed to make it ok for the people who are victimized by junkies? They "didn't have a chance" because "of course began using"? Lots of people have sob stories. They don't excuse violent or criminal behaviour.
The natural end result of drug addiction is crime, unless a person is really quite capable of keeping a job and an addiction, or has enough resources to glide through regardless. In those cases, whatever, I don't give a fuck.
&gt;So in spite of the bad, I just have a lot of sympathy for the people, and I've seen them be helped successfully before. So I personally think the issue is bit more nuanced than they are bad people who deserve to die. The moment they turn on the people around them they deserve to die. Society has limited resources to help people and I am personally disgusted by the way someone on AISH gets to experience the business-end of the poverty line while some junkie car thief gets his 5th OD covered by the very people he victimizes.
The feds give millions of dollars to car manufacturers retooling from smaller sedans to large gas guzzling SUVs but Alberta must pay the price for climate change. If you want to crush the oil industry, maybe you can start by not subsidizing an increase in fuel use, rather than targeting Canadian sources of that fuel.
Yes, if we can magically eliminate the supply that would be great. Maybe we could call it the "war on drugs" and spend billions of dollars on it. That'll fix everything.
&gt;People inside are doing their best change their lives we should give them the best possible environment to succeed. Oh come on, have you ever been near Alpha House? &gt;Their current location is not working, it’s too small, to known, to accessible by people who want them to fail. Shit. Do you think it's the lizard people?
What are the alternatives? Real ones with the understanding that resources devoted to criminal drug addicts are diverted from people in similar ominous situations who don't victimize their community. It seems to me that every "solution" we currently have simply extends the damage junkies can do to others. We don't cure them, we don't protect others from them, we just keep them going.
This isn't even like suing McDonald's because you got fat, it's like suing the cattle farmers that provide McDonald's the beef. Oil companies would disappear tomorrow if people stopped using their products.
The only justice in a case of multiple first-degree murders is vengeance.
Yes.
It's called war.
Why would you look at the events of the last 30 years and not renounce your faith? Hell, even if you are still a believer, does Jesus do his naughty or nice count based on public records?
I don't feel any particular reason to engage with him, I just figured I would point out the staggeringly obvious. Just like you apparently feel the need to roll around here defending China's tech thieves.
A relaxing drive for Christmas is always welcome.
BC won't decide the next election.
Compared to China most nations are saints.
Hahahahahahaha.
Last year it was a fantastically snow free winter, until suddenly it wasn’t in a big way. Winter tires are cheap. Buy them.
They cost something like $1200, they are good for 5-7 years, they help keep the meaty center of your car and your insurance payment safe from rear ending the guy in front of you. Seems pretty cheap to me.
Welcome to union employment. Until you climb the ladder you are nothing but a footstep for those who came before you.
Fluoride is how the ~~Commies~~ ~~Nazis~~ ~~Jews~~ ~~Reptilemen~~ Deep State gets you. I read it on the Internet
&gt;I think it was just after that meeting that it came out that most councillors were on their phones sending messages back and forth during our presentations and not really listening at all. Anyone who has ever seen a City Council meeting knows that this is their default mode. We need to treat them like children and take away their devices when they are on the clock.
Spending taxpayer money means nothing to Trudeau's Liberal party. Spending the political capital to make a pipeline happen? Fuck that.
The rabble in China think what their masters tell them to think. Pathetic.
UBI takes money away from those that work and those that need it for those that won't work. Fuck UBI.
He knew he had a condition that made it dangerous for him to drive but he did so anyway. Rules regarding known conditions like this should change to prevent people who cannot drive safely from getting a license, and Farkas should be spending the next 50 years of his life in prison.
&gt;Should they be banned for driving for life? Yes. &gt;There are FAR more dangerous drivers on the roads than a guy with epilepsy who has been seizure free for years. Lets get them then.
&gt;But if you got pulled over 6 times for driving drunk(something within your control) that's cool right? I wouldn't lose any sleep if a judge was set up at police checkpoints allowing City police to quickly convict and execute anyone found driving above the legal alcohol limit. So, no. Not cool. &gt;Clearly it's under control but I should never get behind a wheel for the rest of my life? Yes. Public transit, taxis, and the handibus system exist for a reason.
handibus is for people who cannot drive because of medical conditions yes?
Yeah, that one's a little excitable, but mostly it was to show that I am not down with drunk driving.
I always figured it was more robust. Oh well, we still have Calgary Transit for people suffering from seizure disorders.
Revenue neutral is a crazy fever dream from people who have no idea about the costs.
So in other words you think that some people should have to work for the benefit of others? If someone chooses not to work, a portion of what I earn should go to sustain them anyway? Fuck that.
&gt; I am stunned at how the justice system has handled this situation You really shouldn't be. This is not a new problem with the Canadian "Justice" system.
Good ol' Wiebo. Terrorist and probable child killer. I'm glad he died painfully.
Issues that absolutely will not change if Canada and France hit their Paris targets.
Am I reading this wrong? Did the judge declare being a Jehova's witness a psychotic disorder?
... No one said anything about success.
Yes, but it is not something I expect a judge to say.
I'm not saying what should happen, only what will. I am sorry that you can't process information without a political filter, but that is not my problem. Your world where people voluntarily sacrifice their quality of life is a fantasy.
Who the fuck needs to see the future to understand basic human behaviour?
If we keep giving him chances eventually he will stop hurting people, we just need to sacrifice some innocents in the mean time. We as a society owe this man unlimited chances. I look forward to seeing him leave jail quickly once apprehended.
Behold, narcissism in action. I'm surprised she held it down to 14 hashtags.
So, this man is effectively squatting on land that isn't his, the government offered him cash to help him move, but he refuses? Burn it down.
11. I can't decide which is better. Culling most of the human population to save the rest, or let them all die.
The year when Eugen went from 50+ to 21 employees. Probably their last year of full operation.
Just start playing Doom in your free time. Any spirits in your home will get the message.
They certainly put a lot of effort into making sure this inquiry had this result. Fortunately it is transparent as fuck. Unfortunately it's yet another reason to distrust the federal government.
The only one to blame are junkies.
Nothing excuses what junkies do to their community. Junkies are at fault.
Head down to the needle exchange and watch the vermin.
Damning evidence that the Federal Government cannot be trusted to produce unbiased reports.
That's the neat thing about numbers, they add up.
&gt;Obviously this thread will be filled with speculation of what happened during the May long weekend when 7th Ave was closed, but I'm just the messenger here Water is wet, the sun will rise in the east, and city workers don't give enough of a damn to do the job properly. The 3 guarantees of life.
Yes, the world would be better if everyone was dirt poor or starving to death.
It's the low quality combined with the high price that bothers people.
The XDR is not competitive with the $20-40k displays, despite what Apple says.
Holy fuck. You don't get to attack a police officer because you think "he was being a bit aggressive for a community event". That's fucking crazy.
The only problem I have with the video is that it appears that the guy that shoves the cop and then ran appears to have escaped justice? That would be unfortunate if so.
Capitalism has brought about the greatest level of prosperity, shared by the largest portion of the population, in human history.
576 dimming zones make it a lightweight.
Neat how China moved into a capitalist system and had a massive wealth boom. Meanwhile, the global poverty rate is in sharp decline. America's problems are not capitalism caused.
You really should try educating yourself before engaging in these conversations. &gt;And no comment on science denial being an American problem? and has what to do with global poverty?
Even your own source agrees with me. Do you even understand its meaning? Is it exhausting fighting all these strawmen?
Sounds like it is time to start requiring speedometers and licensing cyclists.
Now fire the people responsible for creating those positions.
Maybe this would be affordable if we weren't fighting veterans in court, letting people die in hospital waiting rooms, and letting dozens of native communities under boil water advisories.
We have oceans between us and them. All we have to do is speed of deportations from our "guests" travelling through the US
&gt;How much do you think we should be spending on foreign aid? Why that specific amount? 0 We have our own problems.
Harm maximization for everyone else though.
You can't save everyone. Every dollar thrown down this rabbit hole is a dollar that can't be used elsewhere.
If you think that a carbon tax is "drastic measures" you have no idea what you are talking about.
Sure I am, I got some of those fancy science degrees myself. Feel free to find an economist or climate researcher calling the carbon tax a "drastic measure" though. I'll wait.
If they are public employees they probably deserve to have their pay cut. Also, I think you'll find that a lot of engineers in this province have taken a pay cut, if they kept their jobs.
An average salary of $99300 after 10 years is close enough. https://globalnews.ca/news/1346218/wage-comparison-how-b-c-teachers-salaries-rank-across-canada/ Any braindead slob can get an education degree.
That's what we have now.
Ha. I wish teachers had the fortitude to give trouble to shithead students. I might have some respect for them. e: Also, we'd have fewer children killing themselves.
Their wages were set to be competitive with an economy in Alberta which no longer exists.
I would love to see the catholic system absorbed by the public system. A religious education system is an affront to a modern democracy.
If you are concerned with the quality of our teachers you would advocate for the elimination of the union which protects their jobs regardless of capability.
It's absolutely critical that Canadian academics be informed by a culture the bronze-aged Egyptian empire would have considered primitive.
&gt;Which leads to the question whats the best way in your opinion to discourage people from polluting without taking us back to the middle ages? That's the million dollar question, and I don't think there is a real answer. Nuclear is probably the most realistic way to eliminate most carbon from the electrical grid, but that's just part of the equation. I assume that we will wait until it is too late and then try to kill each other to get out of it though. The 21st century is going to make the 20th century look like a peace-nik convention.
This is me commuting to work.
&gt;I functionally agree with all you are saying but then the question is should we even try or not? I think it's important to try, but we have to be smart about it. People won't tolerate a dramatic shift in their quality of life, especially if they feel it is mostly for the benefit of others. Solar, nuclear, electric cars all seem like reasonable ideas. If nothing else it'll clean up our air. I think the chance of war will jump dramatically if/when some developed countries start suffering food insecurity. If you put 10 people in a room with only enough food for half, and give 3 of those people guns, 3 people are going to eat well.
American talking dogs from space did Chernobyl confirmed.
The AI is rock bottom in SD44. It can't get worse.
Demand for 4-door sedans manufactured in Ontario is way down, but Trudeau seemed very concerned anyway when those started closing.
High-centered is a great slogan for this city these days.
A lack of accountability in governance.
City workers are already scrape the bottom of the barrel. The public union ensures that people who want to accomplish things leave, and people who can't stay.
Nah
Good luck. You are going to need it.
What if the reactor itself was a CIA spy?!
Have you considered visiting a mental health professional?
Nice. More excuses for higher prices is exactly what Canada needs.
&gt;This is like complaining that they're taking lead out of gasoline and paint. No. There were good reasons to remove lead.
What do you think of this bad policy?
We should ban the poor.
Delete the pension of every city worker.
"earned". I don't understand why our society has no remedy for these people stealing shit right in front of us.
The funds should be returned to taxpayers.
Just gotta make sure the ones that remain work for their pay.
Apparently only some people are citizens though. The rest of us get to pay.
Even when we are cutting the budget we somehow manage to spend more.
&gt;How will unions take these non-binding suggestions? How does a virus react when you ask it to stop killing you? &gt;Is this effective or symbolic? Like residential property tax, relief will be only for this year. Even if you successfully argue your point and get a value adjustment, the City will burn your argument and pretend nothing happened the next year.
People are usually more expensive than materials, but yeah, I hope they have a good justification for this. I hate the militarization of police.
If a private company cannot meet its obligations it goes bankrupt. If the government cannot make their obligations they take more from me with the understanding that if I do not comply, they will send me to prison. The public sector plays by different rules. They must be held accountable.
Cancel the community expansion, or at least some of them. Tell the Arts Commons and the Flames to go fuck themselves. Shatter the union, roll back wages at city hall. We don't have trouble competing with the oil industry for drivers anymore, cut bus driver wages.
They regularly carry assault weapons in their vehicles now. I'm down with an armed police force, but I also think that proper body cams are far more important than some armored vehicle.
You can knife a man 31 times, leaving to get a new knife after yours broke twice, and it counts as manslaughter in this country. Any murder can be manslaughter if the crown sees an easy way out of putting effort in.
He doesn't have the right to use their equipment and venue to speak, but I agree. The man sounds pretty fucking retarded, so let him make a fool of himself for 5 or 10 minutes and then invalidate everything he said. e: I only caught the last bit the first time. He's blaming the oil fields for his friend's opioid addiction? The oil field is assaulting his generation with opioids? ok then...
Are these companies forcing drugs on their workforce?
&gt; Someones allowing that to occur. The person that does the drug is allowing it to occur.
Yeah, if businesses just said "don't do drugs" and enforced rules about drug use it would end. That's how society ended drug abuse over 100 years ago, we made it illegal.
Is there an example of a completed one we can look at?
Yes. That was my point. I know sarcasm doesn't translate well online but I figured that it would be clear when I suggested drug abuse had been solved.
Oh wow, a restaurant hotel manager. I'm sure that's just like a rig site.
Neat. Did you take it and then blame your boss?
The Federal carbon tax is a better deal for Albertans.
&gt;This guy is trying to point out that fossil fuels are quite literally going to kill everybody. He seems more interested in talking about his friend killing himself with opioids and blaming the oil industry for that. If you want the oil industry to die, stop buying their products.
Yesterday Jon Stewart went up in front of congress to beg them to help dying first responders pay for their medical issues stemming from 9/11. KD got a booboo on his ankle and in the worst case scenario, won’t be able to make another hundred million dollars. Guess which got more attention? Life isn’t about money, but you need it to live.
So what? This is no different than any other celebrity nonsense. There are thousands of issues more important that deserve people’s empathy so that something might actually be accomplished, but they get ignored so that people can focus on some mega rich narcissist. It’s sick. I don’t give a flying fuck about basketball and I couldn’t believe how many news stories covered this shit while important things were ignored.
Of course. That's why the biggest companies were so pro NDP regulation and carbon tax. They can afford it and prosper. The medium and little guys which formed the backbone of the work force died.
$1000 tax to a man that makes $5000 means a lot more to him than a man with a $10000 tax who makes $50000.
government recommends more government spending. Shocking. This coming from the same organization that declared domestic violence genocide. Watch as I don't trust them.
We were going junior o&amp;g companies a 100% carbon tax rebate? I don't think so.
&gt;and oral history from Indigenous elders What a fucking joke.
I'm saying that larger companies can weather the effects of greater regulation and taxation in a way that smaller ones can't. Stricter rules around well abandonment were bad enough.
I have no problem with private unions. They can bring down all the companies they want that are foolish enough to deal with them. Public unions are different. They interfere with accountability in government and are fed through force at the expense of the taxpayer. Government must be efficient and accountable delivering services, not be beholden to their own employees.
No, this place is ok. If you want to see a bad sub just head over to r/Alberta where opinions dissenting from the NDP platform are considering "trolling". People here have a wider variety of opinions.
Yes, this is the standard response. Controlling spending and redirecting government priority towards efficient use of resources over padding out the pockets of union members is the same thing as wanting to live in Afghanistan.
Nowhere in the constitution does it say that public employees must be represented by a secondary organization and that government must prioritize their needs over its own responsibilities.
It's not reliable.
I spoke to my father and it turns out I actually own everything on this continent from sea to sea.
The solution is to reduce the number of regulations.
You'll find that reliability is important (or at least, should be important) in a court of law charged with finding the facts of a case. A multi-generational game of telephone cannot be considered as evidence in a court of law.
Sure, absolutely. I am in favour of letting businesses die off over bailing them out. I am also in favour of not crushing small and medium sized businesses with regulations at the behest of larger businesses and a misinformed voter base.
Yes, that is also a disgusting problem, but it's not the issue directly at hand.
I'm not in favour of unrealistic demands being placed in the way of business. I'm not in favour of the way the number of abandoned wells in this province is grossly exaggerated by people who claim to be the arbiters of fact. The only crisis in reclamation we've had is a direct result of the destruction of smaller oil companies.
Mostly my disrespect is targeted at our joke of a justice system. I don't really feel a need to be respectful towards cultural traditions though, especially my own.
No, but the amount of money required up front now has put major hindrances on companies that were once able to do business and still reclaim wells.
Imagine if those people donating to a charity once because some basketball superstar got a booboo on his ankle instead spent a little bit of time paying attention to the issues around them and maybe bothered to vote. We live in a world where some people crowdfunded a celebrity so they could become a billionaire, meanwhile statistically less than half the Americans in this subreddit bothered to vote in 2016. The biggest news story yesterday was all the sympathy for a man with hundreds of millions of dollars hurting his leg. Celebrity worship bothers me.
That's what I said about the reclamation issue. It didn't work.
Sounds like we need to amend the charter. It's not surprising that a document that also supports blood-based rights would also be wrong here. Public unions are evil. Private unions I don't care about.
Evolution. More capable employees move on to more lucrative opportunities. Less capable employees get filtered at layoff time in private companies, but not public ones. Then you get stuck with them. Granted, most of my knowledge on the subject comes from either the federal level or the City of Calgary, maybe it's different in Edmonton.
I really don't feel any particular need to "research" why an oral history shouldn't be considered evidence in a court of law. We write things down for a reason.
&gt;Of course written history is more accurate, but with your reasoning we may as well not accept any spoken testimony at all, it is all a form of oral history in one way or another. Eyewitness testimony is extremely unreliable. &gt;Comparing the Indigenous tradition of oral history to a children's game of telephone is a pretty big leap. It shows that you have spent minimal time understanding their tradition, and how the justice system came to this decision to accept it as evidence. People are people. indigenous people aren't magic. &gt;The system is not made up of idiots, contrary to what you believe. It is made up of people far more educated and knowledgable than you The system is made of ideologues.
Every interaction with a public servant in human history can't fit in this window though.
Yes. Prove me wrong.
Bad wording on my part. &gt;What kind of an environment do public servants face? Imagine being strangled by red tape, forever, doing the work of 3 others who are getting paid, but can't be bothered. &gt;And is the work environment much better in private? Not necessarily. Some are better. Some manage to be even worse. The trick of course is that taxpayers are not held accountable for them (until they are, thanks bailouts...).
Rather than destroying places like the Drop-in Center we could just do a better job removing the problematic characters from society by actually punishing them for their crimes. That way, the Drop-in Center is no longer a nexus for theft and violence, and the least fortunate among us don't get dropped into unsafe shelter.
No no no, everything *I* disagree with is fascism, therefore *you* are the fascist. In fact, I call double fascist on you.
Keep torching that strawman.
How dare you question where your money goes! Just pay or go to prison!
Only more government spending will save us now!
Move that laser into the terawatt range.
At the expense of the taxpayer. It will only come with a billion+ dollar security fee and may or may not pay for itself. For sure the cost wouldn't go up though, Olympic games never have cost overruns.
Sounds like you want the public to spend money so that you can profit. No thanks.
I have to prove that spending billions to make millions is a bad idea? Didn't Sesame Street cover that for you? We are talking about risk here. You claim to be a business owner, you should understand what it means.
Here is what I said. &gt;Spending billions to get millions back isn't smart investing though. Here is your reply. &gt;Lol prove that, where did you come up with that? 9 to 5ers make me smile Are you asking me to prove that 1 billion is a bigger number than 1 million, or that having 1 billion dollars is better than having 1 million dollars?
So, a risky proposition must prove that it *won't* have a good ROI? That's a backwards way to look at it. &gt;oh and now 100% it was a waste of money, because we passed it up. Spent $17 million on it, better throw another billion down? &gt;Now we can fully pay for all the infrastructure we need ourselves, without the help, without the boost in jobs. .. and without infrastructure we don't need like hockey arenas, and ludicrous security costs.
Pitting the region against itself is how the Ottoman's stayed in power for so long.
4 first degree murder charges should warrant the death penalty. Oh well.
This means you owe the CRA Itunes gift cards.
The simple truth is that no one is that concerned about yet another brutal struggle in Africa. China has a much larger effect on global affairs.
Developers that don't manage to get out of the country are smart to avoid the Toronto/Vancouver doomscape.
Or, we could pay city workers less. They are welcome to find other jobs if they think it is unfair. It's how private industry in this city has worked.
Tiered pricing for an organization as incompetent as Calgary Transit would be amazing to see. I want that for the entertainment value alone.
Remember, if you cut even a single cent from the City budget we'll all be living in caves!
Cat food eh? High rollers.
Average wages plummeted downtown, except at city hall. &gt;The real issue here is that residential taxes are very low in Calgary. Including fees? The city's operating budget went from $3.5 billion to $4.496 billion between 2015 and 2019.
&gt;They aren't protected. The energy industry tanked, the demand for city services didn't. It's a labour market, lots more people without jobs able and willing to do the city jobs means the wages for the city jobs drop, in a free market.
194 million for a transit payment system? It's amazing how incapable government is at controlling costs.
you credit Trump for their economy? How ignorant of you.
&gt;Did all those in the energy industry take a payout when the 2008 recession hit white collar financial workers? Why should they be protected from the something that screwed over a bunch of workers. Your position on this is childish. I thought you were just willfully misunderstanding how labour markets work, but now I'm thinking you just can't understand. Oh well. &gt;Hoping for other workers to get screwed over too because some others in the economy did is pathetic and petty. If their wages wasn't paid for by the people and businesses of this city, by force, I wouldn't care. &gt;You specifically said there are workers that will do it for less so they should use them. Why does that only apply to Calgary workers. Why not your industry? This happens all the time in every industry. That's my fucking point. Why should the rest of us pay taxes through the nose to protect city workers for the same market forces that fuck us? &gt; Sitting here hoping that others get screwed over because part of the economy did is weird. I'm sitting here hoping that the idiots on council don't destroy this city's future for the benefit of a few public workers. I'm hoping that less of my hard earned money is forcibly taken to provide a pension to some jackass at city hall who hasn't put a real day of work in for 20 years.
How do we densify if we are unwilling to use space?
If our constitution makes the country hostage to "hereditary chiefs" it must be changed.
In case you are confused here is a map of Canada. https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/a/a2/Map_Canada_political-geo.png
"only 10.6%".
How does a symbolic nothing gesture help anyone?
Do you have any idea what chopping 10.6% off the GDP would mean? You can live naked in a cave eating moss and rats if you want to meet your "essential" needs, but I'll pass.
If we are adding unaffordable suburbs to our development plan we clearly aren't working hard enough at densifying what we already have. I get wanting the green space, but the simple fact is we need more development closer to the city center if we want to even pretend to be sustainable.
I’d love to see that go away too.
I think a constitution which has a get out of jail free clause on the rights it enumerates and fails to adequately protect free speech is a failure of a document.
Edmonton is our blood enemy.
The Gladue decision is so fucking wrongheaded in gives me a migraine. What better way to ensure that people continue to suffer than to leave violent criminals in their communities even after they've proven how dangerous they are, time and time again. It's fucking madness.
As a starting wage for a position that is paid $18/hr in the private sector? Yes.
Sorry, but our species is currently invested in a mass delusion over the idea that we can power our society with renewable energy. Please stop mentioning the obvious with nuclear power, it's evil and icky.
Has Trudeau participated in a genocide anywhere?
He can admit to whatever he wants, it doesn't make it true.
Fire hot.
You are arguing for a steep reduction in quality of life. You are right of course, that such a reduction is required, but no one will do so voluntarily.
No one will accept that. Rivers will flow red with blood attempting to force the issue.
You are just as willfully ignorant as a climate change denier if you don’t see it.
He spends a lot of personal energy and makes sacrifices to do so, guaranteed. Convincing others to do the same will not be easy.
Toxic consumerism is just another in a long line of buzz words meaning nothing but what you don’t like. I love how you propose an idea where people need to buy stuff less often, yet expect the same lifestyle to remain, as if that wouldn’t throw the market into chaos and sharply reduce productivity.
No, that was correct.
Your self delusion is no different than any climate denier’s.
We are currently engaged in the delusion that we will all hold hands, stop consuming, and live in a solar powered carbon neutral paradise. Oh, and if we don't do that in the next 5 years, we are going to die. Nuclear doesn't fit in our green delusion.
Ban all parades on public property.
Forcibly reducing quality of life is not something people are likely to take lying down. &gt;The long lasting, repairable appliances? The local sourcing of produce? Sounds expensive. Tell me what happens when things get more expensive?
You clearly have no clue what the consequences of reducing consumption to 1950's levels would be. If you are going to put such little thought into this, just be a climate denier. It's easier.
Ok. Imagine I have a basket. Every day I fill the basket with 5 apples. Suddenly, I am only allowed to fill the basket with 3 apples. Is 5 apples more or less than 3 apples?
Fuck that, and fuck Chretien for suggesting it as well.
Call the CPS non emergency number every time he threatens you. Call 911 if you feel immediately threatened. It can be hard to deal with the mentally ill, and our society is woefully equipped to help. Good luck.
Sounds like a job for private enterprise. Or, maybe they could create a community and pay for it collectively. Forcing taxpayers to pay for it should be off the table.
City worker wages. A 20% cut across the board would easily cover this.
Feel free to continue being comically ignorant.
The weird dentist thing was hardly Dalhousie's only problem.
When your neighbour comes over to your house worried about "electronic harassment" late at night it's pretty much a guarantee he's suffering from mental illness. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5LPS7E-0tuA It's really fucking sad, but just because they are suffering doesn't mean they get to harm others. Hopefully OP doesn't have to put up with this for long.
Taking away people's freedoms because of the acts of a few mentally ill nutjobs doesn't look like freedom either.
Hilarious strawman. Let me try. Around 30000 children will die today from preventable causes, world wide. Why have you not given 100% of your disposable income to help with that? Do you hate children? More people die in the US every year in lawnmower accidents than the last 4 years of school shootings.
Yes it is! SD 1 and Wargame both acknowledged the need for a time limit to make a balanced game. They threw that out because SD2 is just Eugen pandering to the loudest degenerates in what is left of their fanbase.
It is distressing that so much of our knowledge relating to ourselves comes from people who would volunteer for shit like this.
Winter Olympics are already at the 'meh' level.
I don't know how much experience you have with the mentally ill, but in my experience they simply wouldn't believe you if you tried something like this.
&gt;All of what you said has fuck all to do with my point. I thought that is what we were doing? You went off about abortion and the right but I thought we were talking about gun control. For the record, I am pro abortion and birth control, as long as I don't have to pay for others to receive them. &gt;Maybe stick to the point. I'm tryin' man.
It is self-selecting to people who have the time and inclination to bother with a study like this, usually people who could really use whatever paltry reward is offered, or people who are interested in the subject matter. It's not a great way to select a sample.
People have irrational fears of all sorts of things. Based on fact, children should be more afraid of lawnmowers than they are of mass shooters. Have there been any calls to ban lawnmowers? You are allowing emotions to cloud your judgement. Irrational fears of others is not a valid reason to infringe on the freedoms of others.
What assumptions have I made that are false?
I love how we are spending millions upgrading public golf courses while we are cutting emergency services.
It might be the only way, but it still fucking sucks. You've really come out swinging on this.
... what? I started off by saying that school shootings are still rare, more rare than lawnmower fatalities. You responded by suggesting that I am against abortion, which is both false and besides the point. Now you are complaining that I haven't stuck to the topic? Are you incapable of making a point or what?
I forgot that we are supposed to cheer when people do things "for good", no matter how badly they go about doing it. Thanks for acknowledging that I am correct by becoming hostile.
Yes. Organ donation should be mandatory upon death. The superstitions of a corpse and its family shouldn't stand in the way of a better life (or, life at all) for multiple other people. Seriously, we are going to ban plastic straws because we've convinced ourselves that recycling is the only way to be responsible, why aren't we recycling our own bodies?
Do you have ownership rights over your body when you are dead? Does anyone own your body when you die?
Obviously. However, this is just an example of the wasteful attitude City Hall has had for years.
Oh? Does the money for capital budgets come from a magic tree or something?
Here, let’s make this simple. Can you point out which of your neighbours should go without a source of income because you decided to cut the economy in half? I’ll wait.
Cutting the size of the economy in half.
Did we find out that golf is critical to human health while I wasn’t looking?
Your point was to return to “1950s consumption levels”
Wrong.
I really didn't think it would require an explanation. Government should not be determining the value of labour. We learn the dangers of that in middle school history and economics. What even is a living wage? Has the concept of roommates gone away?
Oh well, in that case, carry on! It's not really waste if it was planned for years ago. No one could have foreseen that the money could have been better spent back in the heady days of 2018...
&gt;I don't know where you went to school but I never learned anything about government determining the value of labour being bad in middle school. Did you not have a history or economics course?
You were wrong with the smallest number of words possible.
I like using "middle school" over Jr. High mostly because I find saying middle school less awkward.
It's clear that you don't have any clue. I don't understand how you can possibly be this dense and still function. You seriously don't understand how reducing economic output would hurt people?
This was another reason why Eugen was always gunshy about banning people without replay evidence. Replays were the only way to attach an ID to an action because you could duplicate another user's display name so easily. It's nice to see that Eugen is not willing to learn.
Absurd is one of Eugen's super powers. One antagonistic russian on the old Eugen forums was their excuse for not fixing any of the obvious errors with their models, like tank driver legs sticking out the bottom or one tank being comically out of scale. They could have just said it wasn't worth the expense to fix but instead they insulted their community with a nonsense response.
Compare launch to launch.
I do think the City should be out of the pool business. Also, Golf courses are obviously more difficult to maintain than a basic green space.
Obviously that's not what happened, but we have a finite income.
You want to roll back consumption 70 years. There won't be enough work for people. I don't have a solution. That doesn't mean bad ideas are solutions.
How dare people not want to be harassed constantly by junkies being enabled by bleeding hearts.
&gt;Empathy is for the weak. Empathy for the few at the expense of the many is not a virtue.
I don't care if the shelter has been there for 10000 years. It should be eliminated if they can't keep their clients from ruining the community. &gt;Oh, also I don't think you actually understand what empathy is. You are the one ok with a tiny minority tormenting the majority with violence and crime.
If I ever become a junkie that uses violence and theft to get what I need, I would deserve to die.
Bankruptcy looms over eugen like a fat guy at a buffet. Sure, they could have delayed the game to add a ui that doesn’t look like a prototype for a tech demo, but it was time to launch. We’ll see if it works out, it looks like Sd2 has half the launch players Sd1 or Wargame 3 had.
His most direct challengers, Warren and Sanders, are insane. Biden becomes the rational choice by elimination.
&gt; an you also make it to people who post racist remarks in chat get banned from chat as opposed to the entire online services? Fuck that. Nuke them from orbit.
What kind of hypocritical scumbag do you have to be to blame oil companies for climate change while filling your car with gas and eating food from modern farms and buying plastics?
That's pretty ludicrous.
Keeping immigration low is a traditional left wing move. That's only changed recently when the left wing became the bleeding-heart brigade rather than the champion of labour.
She is Trumps greatest chance at re election.
Always love the first day back after one of Transit's quarterly updates and driver shuffles. You cross your fingers and hope that your route at your time has drawn one of the good bus drivers, not one of the bad ones.
&gt;Ethical economy or bust. We'll see what you think when energy costs have doubled along with food prices and 100000 more Albertans lose the ability to support themselves. I'm not really keen on equally sharing the misery of existence with the rest of the world. They can keep it.
On the CBC app, under "Local", this is the top news item. Are you sure this doesn't relate to Calgary? Everyone seems to disagree with you.
Well, firstly not everyone has new truck money just lying around, and secondly I hope you aren't just fudging the numbers with solar. e: please show me the system that can heat and energize an average Alberta home for just the upfront cost of a new truck.
&gt;Conventional homes would have to be beefed up, tightened &amp; transition to electric heat (ie heat pumps) before even having the option of putting solar on due to limited roof space. It's doable! Our home is 100% net zero, and we've worked on many other projects meeting this objective in AB. Sounds expensive. People in this province are struggling to keep up with food inflation. &gt;Once the other metrics have been met, you can definitely throw solar on for less than a new SUV. Sure. Once I've paid for 90% of a new truck, I can buy said new truck for only 10% of the full cost.
Yeah, that's why everyone's lives are far worse today than at any point in history. Fuck, wait. I reversed that.
&gt; Any land or homeowner can easily power all their needs and then some for less than a new truck. This was the argument presented. It isn't that hard to follow along.
I think you are missing the point. "Ethical economics" like what the Extinction types want demand a carbon neutral economy, now. Good luck feeding 8 billion people like that. The graph you linked to doesn't show any changes in time, but by province. Try this. https://www.oeb.ca/rates-and-your-bill/electricity-rates/historical-electricity-rates
We had a solution, but it was killed 50 years ago by environmentalists concerned that cheap, clean energy would lead to an increase in population and coal benefactors masquerading as concerned citizens. RIP Atomic future.
&gt;Well, to be fair, the other argument is that if climate change deniers continue to get their way, billions will also die. It's exciting, isn't it? Like riding a roller-coaster without a safety harness. &gt;I completely agree with you it would be a horrible disaster to abruptly introduce wildly different policies. We are reaching peak "bleeding-heart" right now. People are demanding change to save the world, rather than just themselves. I fear that when the consequences of such policies hit their quality of life, the pendulum will swing too far the other way. Meanwhile, rational self-interest sits in the corner, whispering to itself about what might have been. Should be a good time.
Yeah, why trust the OEB when we can trust a website that tries to trick you into installing a modified version of Google Chrome. It doesn't have to be green technology, but any push for major infrastructure upgrades comes with huge costs, so doing them if they aren't needed may not be sustainable. &gt;Incidentally, if anyone is concerned about rising energy costs, you may want to ask our current provincial government why they scrapped our price caps. You can't just cap prices forever.
Plastic straws are a great example of the madness that has overtaken us. We move on from paper to plastic because plastic is cheaper to make, better made to purpose and less energy intensive than alternatives. Soon we have a fit over landfills as if somehow we are going to run out of space for them, so we start recycling. Recycling is an energy intense process that generally isn't worth it for plastic, so no one here is willing to do it, but fortunately some fly-by-night operations in China are willing to pretend while throwing all that plastic into the ocean, after all, many nations in that region use the ocean as their garbage dump anyway, so why not a bit more? Our solution? Ban plastic straws. We pat ourselves on the back. We are heroes. &gt;You seem to see a vast gap between them. I care more about my ability to afford the energy that makes my life easier than some village on the other side of the planet having access to clean water. That's hardly unique, pretty much everyone here has made the same decision countless times, they just won't admit it to themselves. &gt;What is the rational self-interest position that solves the problem that you see? Policy decisions that are focused on ensuring that we have the ability to endure the coming storm. Send Arnold Schwarzenegger back in time to stop Jane Fonda and Jerry Brown from kneecapping the nuclear energy industry.
Meh. It looks like a lot of feel good nonsense to me. Battery storage alone at the scale that would be required seems like a fantasy. If we are going to rely on technology “just around the corner” like newer, more cost efficient batteries, we might as well wait for fusion. Not to mention the fact that powering homes is just a small part of the equation. We have industry, we have business, we have a new type of automobile which is going to explode everyone’s home electric usage.
Of course. I was the one who shot the star.
Don't forget Mauritania. They made slavery illegal all the way back in 2007.
&gt;Alberta in general, and Calgary in particular has been far too utilitarian about its public spending. Tell that to the people who die because of cuts to medical and emergency services.
&gt;he third option would be much higher taxes on those of that are still working. We just need to squeeze the younger generations some more, it'll be fine.
&gt;Can boomers afford it on average is the question. That's what younger taxpayers are for.
"Gotcha!" he yells, ignoring that not all emergency services are funded by the provincial government.
Well, a program in LA to build tiny, shitty apartments for the homeless that somehow cost nearly $800k per while simultaneously bending to every NIMBY blocking housing construction fits your description pretty well. Too many unaffordable, useless programs and an active avoidance of real solutions.
Has she proposed a Green New Deal that would ban meat and make it so you only have to work if you want to?
Check the map to see if it's a section the City has taken upon itself to do anyway. https://maps.calgary.ca/PathwaysandBikeways/
In places like LA and San Francisco space is absolutely the issue. Supply goes down, costs go up.
Business incentives are like chemical weapons. They suck and you shouldn't use them, but when all of your competitors are using them...
It's an older, far more reliable design than the 737 MAX. The plane went dark, burst into flames and fell to earth. If it was mechanical, it would be a spectacular failure.
It's cool that we cram people down on their luck in with fucking monsters. You know, just to destroy their hope and make more monsters.
You are the one saying shelters are not safe because of the predators who stay there and steal anything not nailed down and trying to cheat people down on their luck. &gt;People steal and uses others and get in fights, this is natural when you put a group of people all in a small place who have a plethora of mental health, drug addiction, learning disabilities, and just plan old bad fucking attitudes. Shocker right?! Yes, they do bad things, which makes them bad people. There is no excuse to prey on others.
&gt; 5 star service Do we need 5 star service to not be beaten and stolen from now? The hospitality industry sure has declined. &gt;No, but leave your cell phone laying around expecting it to still be there, then it's not? Because we tolerate bad people there preying on everyone else. &gt;As for this whole "they do bad = they are bad" yeah piss off with that shit. I'll let Hitler know he is off the hook then. Someone fetch me a ouija board. Apparently what you do no longer defines who you are. &gt; feel smart for a second of your life, I don't play that game. You don't feel smart? You shouldn't get down on yourself, that is bad mojo. &gt; Wish you well and hope if you ever need help or fall on hard times the people around you won't act like a completely daft cow. I hope that if I ever fall on hard times society won't stick me in with a bunch of predators that we collectively turn a blind eye towards.
&gt;Implies that everywhere is either "Safe" or "Not safe". "Safe" is a continuum and it cannot be claimed that if a place is "not the safest" that it is objectively "unsafe" by all metrics. This assertion says nothing meaningful. He heavily implies that the shelter is on the wrong side of that continuum. &gt;Claiming to possess knowledge and experience that you don't have and don't have evidence for. Clients at shelters are absolutely reprimanded for bad behaviour. It is not tolerated, as you claim. This assertion is simply wrong. So when /u/Starchan786 was implying that it is unsafe, he was lying? Or are these reprimands ineffective? &gt;Begging the question. You are assuming that your claims are true as part of your evidence for your claim. Begging the question renders your argument invalid. My claims are true. If you doubt them, you can go ask the guy murdered at Alpha House last week.
&gt; If your stuff is not fucking nailed down it WILL be stolen. Emphasis yours. &gt;People someone will try to befriend you because you might be getting disability checks and they see free meal. Or you have a hook for drugs. You can be taken advantage of, stolen from, etc. Your english is kinda broken but the meaning is clear. Now, if you didn't mean what you said, you should correct it.
Teachers are doing better today against the private sector than they were doing in 2014. They should have more wage reductions. Taxes don't need to go up to cover wages that are going down.
Gross incompetence and lack of oversight in government. I am shocked. Shocked I tell you.
I know. Can you imagine a family getting together to enjoy entertainment that costs money?! Monsters.
A really old battery can die completely in the winter.
That was you that posted that question last year right? It is nearly identical.
If there is a good reason to split it, go ahead. If this is a shitty backdoor to prop up a weakening industry with our pension funds he can get fucked.
Bullshit. Hackers didn’t steal the election. Troll farms influenced voters, but the real disease is the fact that millions of Americans would vote for a man like Trump.
This could be applied to so many things. So much would just be better if it wasn't for that solid fraction of the population that just sucks.
... says a man who would instantly die if our abundant energy supply came to a sudden halt. I'd love to see a renewable/battery backed system for our province that could withstand this week.
The batteries are 1200 pounds, cost ~$10k and run the length of the car. You are going to need a lift and some manpower to change the battery, and you won't have a spare on hand.
I think the UCP will be fine with that. I don't think the unions will have public support.
Federal money in Canada is allocated just like a Banana republic would do it. The party in power is trying to buy the next election, but Alberta is too stubborn to be bought.
It actually has to get done first. Trans mountain is back in front of the Supreme Court today and that is largely because the Federal Government didn't object to appeals late last year. Trudeau is willing to spend taxpayer dollars that he doesn't really care about, but he is unwilling to spend real political capital to get the pipe done.
Yeah, it is hard to underpay people when other businesses are paying more. Let me get my tiny violin.
&gt; For example in my industry, IT, who would work at TELUS for 64k a year when you can make 100+/hr as an O&amp;G contractor. This part. I guess I should have been more explicit. I hate the complaints that one private industry pays too well and the others don't want to match it. Telus is one of the most profitable telecom companies on the planet, they can afford to compete in the labour market. We could use a lot more positive pressure on wages from private industry.
Private sector wages got ravaged over the last 6 years. Expecting the public sector to stay at the same level or increase is unrealistic.
Does the city even have the legal authority to do this?
I guess I should also mention that I think it sucks, lest people assume I’m in favour of crazy religious nut jobs hurting people in the name of their morality. I’m not sure I’m comfortable with the city assuming this kind of power though.
That just tells me that other cities are possibly willing to overreach their authority for feel-good legislation.
&gt;is there will be massive public sector strikes next year for nurses, teachers, and other union workers. Solid opportunity to finally destroy the public unions. Save the province from darkness.
&gt;to be terribly exploitative of young, incredibly talented workers to the point of burnout or worse. People stupid enough to walk into a meat grinder deserve what they get.
If you are still deluded enough to believe that government is interested in protecting you, this story should help you see the truth.
&gt;Not granting licenses and fining business who profit off of abuse? I don't think city government is the appropriate level to decide what is legit therapy and what is abuse. That is why we have provincial and federal governments.
I saw a quote from Musk claiming replacement batteries for a model 3 would be $7k USD, so I added $3k for C$ conversion. Definitely an approximate cost though.
I bet the Tesla battery replacement every 10-12 years + other maintenance on it would be much cheaper than the maintenance required to keep a Chevy on the road for the same amount of time.
People are literally alive because of cheap energy. It is why there are nearly 8 billion of us.
&gt; This is a fallacious argument, which keeps getting repeated. &gt;We should be able to build out renewable infrastructure to supply &gt;90% of our energy needs (excluding niche applications) relatively quickly. These parts together made me laugh. Thanks.
Ok. Do you have a list of people who should die, or are you expecting volunteers?
The histrionics on this sub over a relatively small budget cut is really quite hilarious.
I mean, I agree with you, but what does this have to do with the topic at hand, and why would City council be involved and not the provincial or federal governments?
Sorry, that was my uber. I am heading home for the weekend.
Who cares about the victims? The important part is that we feel good about ourselves for being so "enlightened".
Newfoundland seems like a cool place, what the fuck is your deal?
Bike lanes are infrastructure the city should be doing. Pools are something the private sector could do. If you think the City is closing a pool that should remain open, buy the pool and open it yourself.
Everyone hates it when a plague of locusts comes to town.
&gt;Safe injection sites also help the families of those effected by addiction. At the expense of countless others.
This is why your parents saved money for retirement. I'm sure they'll be fine.
&gt;Canadians have less and less money saved for retirement So the rest of us have to cover the difference? &gt; You can look up the stats yourself Yes, I am aware that a large chunk of the richest generation in human history thought someone else would cover their retirement.
This murder should never have happened because the State should have executed the victim for his previous brutal crimes. Unbelievable that you can beat a man to death for not giving you a cigarette and be out of prison in less than 9 years.
Why would worker pay keep pace with productivity? Productivity is not the only driver for labour’s value. Since 1968, women have entered the work force, increasing supplying dramatically, while computerization started reducing demand.
Why should junkies be given a blank cheque to foul communities? Why does reducing harm to a relatively small number of junkies trump people's right to safe communities?
Enabling monsters is not compassion.
&gt;It costs less on society as a whole to provide safe injection sites. Healthcare, policing, social services, etc. And it’s one step of many to getting more help to people that are ready for it. Just because it minimizes the amount of suffering for the segment of the population causing the problem in the first place doesn't mean it is the best choice. &gt;Addicts who don’t have access to safe injection sites will use on the streets regardless of police pushing them around the inner city or river valley. Back alleys, abandoned buildings, squats, tent cities, parks, public and private businesss’ bathrooms, LRT and bus stops, back yards. I’ve seen used needles in all of these locations around Edmonton over the past 30 years. Safe injection sites reduce the number of public locations that addicts will bother to use. It concentrates the problems into specific locations but that’s much more manageable than just anywhere else that’s out of eyesight. Addicts without access to safe injection sites will be faced with a stronger choice to stop or die, when society stops enabling their destructive behaviour. &gt;The idea that junkies can be controlled or coerced to quit has long ago been discredited by social and medical science. Addicts will use whenever and wherever they see fit. Many don’t give 2 shits about your concern for public safety just like drunk drivers could care less when they get behind the wheel. So once you acknowledge that is an irrefutable fact you then have to ask what can we do with the resources available and how can we make streets safer for the vast majority of the population. Safe injection sites are one of many tools in the kit. They concentrate the problem to specific areas but they offer support services and they keep the rates of transmitted disease down. Since most of them fuel their addiction with criminal behaviour we already have a built in solution, we just need our justice system to do its job. &gt;So once you acknowledge that is an irrefutable fact you then have to ask what can we do with the resources available and how can we make streets safer for the vast majority of the population. Convict junkies when they are caught committing crimes. Sentence them to the maximum length allowed by law. Prevent their access to drugs in prison. Execute recidivists. &gt;They concentrate the problem to specific areas but they offer support services and they keep the rates of transmitted disease down. Fuck all the people who were already living there, right? &gt;That includes walking or bike beat cops (not patrol cars) Judge Dredd used a bike. &gt;to increase security (more street lighting in alleyways, removing abandoned structures, going after predatory slumlords, increasing affordable housing, etc.). We already have laws to secure these properties. Enforce them.
&gt;Well it doesn't, obviously. Apparently it does. &gt;But I would counter that the injection sites are only concentrating crime and/or safety hazards rather than creating them. And that's the point, isn't it? Yeah, fuck the people who live nearby the most right? &gt;Look - Picking communities is clearly something that needs to be worked out No one deserves what is happening near the Calgary site. &gt;Just as an example we could look at discounting property taxes for those in the affected area. Sorry we destroyed your businesses, property values, and reduced your safety. Here's an extra $20. An unjust solution is not a real solution. The problems caused by junkies must be shouldered by junkies alone.
You are the one arguing for the state to force people to deal with monsters.
Addiction to these new synthetic drugs is self-correcting though. The only cost that the injection site are some of the medical expenses. These people are still a menace to those around them and exhaust police resources. Their access to medical support should be restricted after they've had multiple overdoses. This is a province where children can wait multiple months for urgent brain cancer surgery and ambulance shortages are a regular occurrence. Society cannot continue to catch the bullet for these people if they are unwilling to help themselves. You can't save everyone.
&gt;Everyone receives equal care. It's a tenet of an evolved society. This isn't true though. Junkies are exhausting resources before they can make it to other people. They also prey on our communities and therefore are less worthy of said resources, not more. &gt;You need to face reality Yes, I know. As with most everything, our solution will be to do the minimum and kick the can down the road while yet another problem eats away at us.
Sounds like Government needs to cut some services then.
Ok. Break out the infinite resource machine and I will head over to the big money tree.
No one hold your breath, the RCMP fumbles slam-dunk fraud cases all the time. Something with a political angle to it has very little chance.
&gt;Nobody’s forcing you to stay in that neighbourhood. Easy thing to say sipping champagne as you pass by in your limo, but not everyone is so mobile. Fortunately, I don't live in that neighbourhood, but I have compassion for those that are stuck there. It's too easy for people to ignore the needs of the vast number of people out there just keeping their heads down and trying to get through the day. Don't forget about them while you exhaust your compassion on people who prey on these communities.
The overtime they were getting was really egregious. It meant we were paying way too much to have tired staff in critical positions. overtime cuts should have been matched with new hiring though.
People who prey on others are monsters. Their reasoning does not matter.
No, I'm sure the money fairy is how they manage to buy their drugs. The massive uptick in property crime is just a side effect.
So all the crime is just a hobby?
Better dead than red.
Bernie loves violent police states though.
Why should the public pay a dime for this? If the hospitality industry saw this as a big deal, they can get together and fund it themselves.
As always, studies under the banner of social "science" can say whatever the author wishes, and peer review for these kinds of studies is a farce.
Calgary Police reported a large uptick in crime near the safe injection site here.
Please re-read the thread. You wouldn't want to keep these people outside would you? You shouldn't even do that with your dog.
Why do you even have disposable income? That money could be saving lives right now.
Yeah, I'm sure these guys are following all gun regulations.
Prohibition worked so well with drugs, what can go wrong?
This program makes no sense and no other province has a similar one. It's a good target for cutting. Feel free to continue with the rage posting though. Don't let pesky facts interfere.
Compassion for the few, a big bag of fuck you for the many.
Other places aren’t worse because they have more rational drug programs. Quite the opposite really.
They aren't doing it worse though. A senior's program covering tens of thousands of non-seniors does not make sense.
Is there anything that doesn't qualify as mental illness these days?
I haven't been convinced that a person can be addicted to an activity like they can be addicted to a chemical. The organization which once classified homosexuality as a mental disorder is not infallible, I'll need more convincing than the APA's stamp in the latest DSM.
fMRIs are not convincing because the fMRI is a garbage tool dancing on the edge of pseudo-science.
&gt;In what has come to be regarded as a landmark decision, the association moved pathological gambling to the addictions chapter in the manual's latest edition, the DSM-5, published this past May. The decision, which followed 15 years of deliberation, reflects a new understanding of the biology underlying addiction and has already changed the way psychiatrists help people who cannot stop gambling. I'm glad an organization which has a history of being wrong is taking its time. &gt;Well don't leave us hanging. What would satisfy you? Sometime in the future, after Psychology as a discipline has had a collective enema and takes the scientific method seriously, and they still claim this? I will be satisfied then.
The CBE Board's performance since its inception makes you wonder why they are elected positions in the first place.
City administrators will ensure all budget cuts have maximum impact on citizens, because the civil service is run by civil servants for civil servants.
FDev is clearly incapable of making enough content to make Space Legs more than a gimmick. Who wants to walk around the same 5-6 environments over and over and over again talking to the same poorly animated characters? I wouldn't expect anything better.
Always trust the City to fuck it up. No one working at the City gives a fuck.
Only in r/Alberta could someone look at an article like this, ignore the 6 years of recession this province has had, and point towards minor rollbacks for the people who have had their wages guaranteed by the government while everything around them went to shit as the cause for negative feelings about the future.
&gt;I hope that lets you sleep at night knowing you participate in and bootlick an industry and employer that has created the very scenario that required that action, and is still nearly meaningless in the battle to overcome the totality of the damage that industry has caused. What a joke. You create demand for oil every time you warm your home, eat farmed food or fill your car, but then you turn around and vilify the producer of that oil? Does the hypocrisy not burn at all?
You want change, but you want other people to put the work and sacrifice in. Got it.
Enormously bloated middle-management team at the provincial government is slightly cut down. It must be the apocalypse.
Fuck 'em. Build those condos high. Exile the members of this community association to the arctic circle.
Usually it works poorly. Since this is government work it would be double poorly in this case. But yeah, I actually had the misfortune of learning how Service Alberta's IT "works" a few years ago.
Streamlining in government cannot hurt.
Have you met the average voter?
Have you ever actually engaged with any of the staff at Service Alberta beyond the customer service team?
Hey man, the narrative is that government operates the economy by fiat. Don't come in here with these facts and ruin our thing.
Plastics recycling is a pointless scam anyway. Just dispose of it properly and not into the ocean and there is no problem.
The woman in the associated video being interviewed has a poor grasp on logic. She should run for city council.
He's on the Other Side. Remember that there are 2 sides, and you are either with us or against us. Nuance is evil.
&gt;, but productions coming here like Ghost Busters will see a lowered tax credit. Which is not good. We need to be subsidizing Hollywood blockbusters now?
Because they are lying assholes?
Canada doesn't have a police brutality issue or the prison-state mentality of the USA. This is just another case of Canadians who spend too much time consuming media from the US or spending time on Twitter forgetting that we aren't American. I would be in favour of revoking CERB benefits from all participants of this or any other gathering where social distancing rules are not enforced until the pandemic has passed. If you are going to actively fight against attempts to stop the spread you deserve no support.
&gt;So are police. Canada does not have a police violence problem. &gt;My mother is one of the people sensitive to getting covid (she has pretty severe asthma). And yet she still encouraged my little brother to go and protest along with my fiancé. People are welcome to risk themselves all they want. When they start risking others they should be shamed.
Because you feel that it is false?
The fact that people shot to death by police often come from poorer neighbourhoods with more crime is not surprising, and it doesn't indicate a police violence problem. Other societal problems are at play here.
&gt; starlight tours If you build the time machine I will go with you back and tell the cops to knock that shit out. &gt;Also Toronto has major police brutality issues with there population being only 8% black but 80% of the deaths due to police brutality there being black lives Toronto is caught up in a long-running gang war. Haitians, Somalians, and Jamaicans are among the groups over-represented in the gangs of Toronto compared to the regular population. The fact that certain minorities are more likely to be a part of violent organizations that continually clash with police may be the result of systematic injustice, but it's not an indication by itself of police brutality.
You don't agree with me, you must be a troll! Wait, maybe you aren't a troll, you are just acting like a troll right now! If you can't defend your position, other than "feeling" that I am wrong, maybe you are the troll?
You are asking me to prove a negative? Sure thing, I'll get right on that...
Wow, you guys really have fallen. Maybe if you didn't shit on your community constantly you wouldn't be doing so badly.
&gt;Hey man. I'm asking you why you think there isn't a police problem Behind the sensationalism most "police brutality" incidents aren't actual police brutality and investigations usually find no wrong doing. &gt;Because I can tell you why there is Do it then. &gt;That's why you're on Reddit right? To talk about the things we post. Reddit is the most tolerable window into the reasoning of the masses. Prognosis negative. &gt;We're discussing, I'm not your enemy, just trying to understand why you'd say that? Why I would say that Canada doesn't have a police brutality problem? I say that because it's true. Canada isn't perfect, but we aren't the USA, no matter how much media you drown your brain with.
&gt; Police picking up and Abducting children and forcing them into residential schools was 100% wrong. Again with the time travel. &gt;You ever heard of the starlight tours? and again.. How do we fix what is already fixed? &gt;Ever seen the statistics skew of crimes in Winnipeg? Or Toronto. Or Thunder Bay, They disproportionately effect minorities without question. And this is evidence of police brutality... how? &gt;It means we have problems and we can always get better. Yup. Pretending we have problems we don't and dredging up the past like it is happening today for that sweet rush of outrage is not a solution. &gt;But hey atleast we can agree Reddit is a pretty groovy place to actually chat. Well, I wouldn't go that far. Least worst of all social media platforms.
&gt; You said Canada doesn't have a police brutality problem and I showed you some examples and you still said there isn't any. No, your examples were either issues from the past that have been resolved and a misunderstanding of the core concept. Neither are examples of anything. Secondly, singular examples do not prove a pattern. Canada doesn't have a police brutality problem just because it has happened sporadically. Expecting perfection is futile. &gt; But yet indigenous and black populations make up around 25% of police fatalities. Yet make up 7% of Canada's total pop. Especially trending higher in those cities I mentioned above. That's odd. Sure, and that's bad, and may indicate systematic injustice, but it's not an indicator of police brutality. &gt;It's not a rush for some people. Bullshit. People love outrage. Have you ever seen 90% of TV, or any news channel? &gt;People have just decided to finally stand up for it in the US and we stand with solidarity here. I'm down for more human rights if you are. Protesting the actions of police in another country seems more like narcissism than justice, but hey, go nuts. &gt;And yes it's not as bad as the US for many reasons but for you to say it doesn't exist I didn't say it doesn't exist, but it's not a problem. Cannibals exist, but I don't consider them a national problem.
&gt;A infected person with a mask is much less likely to spread it than not wearing a mask. I feel like a person irresponsible enough to go to a protest when they are not feeling 100% in the midst of a pandemic would be among the people who can't be bothered to wear a mask.
"We are dropping our best feature to jam more shallow garbage into this tech demo grind simulator".
&gt;They also didn't give us any kind of timeline for when we could expect to see it added in, or even confirm they were planning to add it in after launch. Obviously the plan is not to include it, they are just lying to reduce negative attention.
Confidence that it will be a shallow, lame addition is extremely high. Lots of replicated procedural "content", no depth.
Didn't mention Cold Waters. Didn't mention Sea Power. Didn't mention Task Force Admiral. B- for effort.
It's impressive that after all this time they can still fool people into things like adding VR support after launch. You'd think people would catch on by now.
He's a solid candidate for a renewed death penalty. I really don't understand why we have such light penalties for such heinous crimes, but at the very least you'd think refusing therapy would extend his sentence. Oh well, I'm sure his future victims will understand and accept their sacrifice.
That links isn't from the previous news article, it's from 6 years ago. &gt;unnacountable police We don't have unaccountable police, unless you are talking about the RCMP's rampant incompetence. &gt;It's your right to express your opinion, but rushing to judgement is the main ingredient in the recipe for facecake. It's like the boy who cried wolf, but with a lot more rape.
Here in Canada we will bend over backwards to excuse even the most heinous behaviour. I really wish I could explain why.
&gt;And how aware are you of the issues that lead people into these situations? Everyone has a sob story. The police exist to protect society from those who would turn their sob story into other people's problems.
If they don’t vote they deserve Trump.
I hope one day when I try to enslave half the planet that future people are deluded enough to call it "collective action".
If you have brain damage you should find your way to a hospital.
Visiting injustice onto others because you faced injustice? Round and round we go.
This is perhaps the most incorrect take I’ve ever read. Thanks for that.
Anyone who can't pull a 70 in highschool should be exiled to the northern wastes.
2020 part 2
If this murderer wants out of prison, give him a rope. He can leave any time.
What's fair won't matter. Those who are strong will decide who needs to suffer to fix it.
It's been a lot lately.
Only if you ignore fees.
You guys never cease to impress with your version control. A true Eugen tradition.
