....yes.... I am sorry
Oh, you know they're gonna vote for that dumb fuck again
Like the mountains and scenery. Great local food to pick from. Hate the homelessness problem, how there is absolutely nothing to do here unless you like drinking and hiking, the damn drivers, and the I-81.
Honest question: how old are you?
That pup is going to steal someones girl.
Why did this get removed?
I feel bad for laughing. No kitty should be fat enough to break a box like that.
I've seen prison tattoos better than that
Y'all people need glasses and need to learn the difference between style and barely any skill.
Take a look in her ears and see how clean they are. My pup was going through that a few weeks back and a good cleaning once a week helped a lot
Where suppose to do that??
Labs, goldens maybe, gsd, malinois, husky (be warned they can be stubborn when it comes to training.)
Love. Dobermans are not for you. They need excercise and stimulation and if you're not meeting those needs it will lead to a ton of problems. Why not go for a golden or a lab? And maybe just start with one and go from there?
Thank you for the info. I really appreciate it.
Why?
&gt; I can sense your fear through your dick. What am I reading? There is literally cum coming out of the windows.
I feel so honored to get a response from a mod from here. :D this is awesome. Probably only because I'm drunk but still. Awesome!
How do you make a pizza that thick? Shit looks amazing.
Both. I want both. Why is that so hard?
Well thats fucking weird.
That was a crazy ass comment.
Create a new form of insurance dealing with non-world ending Pokemon destruction. You ever had a steelix plow through your home? Go for a hike and get shanked by a Beedrill because you don't have anything to repel it? Lose your kid to a drifloon? Have your identity stolen by a dittio? No worries because here at Poke coverage we got you covered!
Fuck mlms
I'm getting a cat soon cause my house has too many damn mice. What is the best way to introduce two dogs (malinois/gsd and collie/husky mixes) to a cat? They've both seen cats before and been around them briefly but have never lived with one.
Yeah, I had to get my youngest dewormed a few days ago because he had bloody stools. Other than that he was happy and playful.
Fucking Jesus.
I regret living so close to them.
Well this is weird.
Announcer dude looks so tired :(
....wtf? The fuck was that bullshit psa?!
.......its called the game awards. That includes all games.
Huh. I wonder how the starbreeze situation is gonna effect games their releasing.
So... How long before the other side of fortnite (save the world) is scrapped?
This isnt borderlands 3. But persona. Okay
Not everyone Reggie ;_; not everyone...
Promise you it is not that serious.
I want her abilities.
*burned
Lol. Reasonable.
Holy fuck, he is such a whiny entitled man child. No wonder the son doesnt want his ass around or to have anything to do with him.
This kid is going to have a rough childhood and mom aint helping with putting so much emphasis and stress on someone who hasn't even been born yet.
I'll vote for that name.
Eww
I dont trust Op.
....the tunnel is opening in a few days...
That awoke some very angry and disgusted things inside of me. Trypophobia warning.
Seriously. Such a weird ass thing to say to someone.
That was uncomfortable.
Take me home?
I knew it was too good to be true.
Thats a great first picture lol
This is much better and you two are adorable ❤😍
No you don't. Its god awful. Don't let these people lie to you.
Lol, how?
A fake one who isn't properly trained.
The british version of kitchen nightmare are pretty good. They dont have any goofy soundtrack and Gordon is nowhere near as loud. Plus the cursing isn't bleeped.
2019 is shaping up to be a fantastic year for game releases.
Op you posted in the wrong sub.
Who the hell keeps clothes for that long?? Lol
Well now I'm going too ):&lt; Edit: pretty bad but not what I expected.
Just 20% of your meal. Or just throw a 5 if it's under 30. Or don't tip. Its your life man. You aint gotta stress about this.
Thats not a semicolon 😐
The hair on my legs is more uniformed than this sad excuse for facial hair.
Water from the Himalayans of course!
Lol, that's hilarious.
I can't get enough of these comics.
Awww. Good for him! :D
When you have to make an edit complaining about downvotes, you earn more of them and make yourself look childish.
Says the guy who made an edit about them.
This is what shitty f2p games do.
To complain about downvotes from who you assume are fanboys.
Thats a big fucking puddle. Cute piggies though
Think you can link the thread? I can't find it anywhere now.
r/badtattoos is that way ---&gt;
Oh god, we would have to pay for the ambulance *and* the helicopter ride. That alone could easily break someone.
Karma is not important in the slightest bit.
Vesuvius... I feel like I've been scammed and I havent even clicked your link. Edit: Nigga this sounds like you trying to start a damn cult. What the hell did I come across?
This is a terrible analogy....
This is pretty hilarious. I think the other guy was just fucking around. He honestly seems kinda cool from his other comments.
Listen to the homeless people fight and gossip
Don't forget the weird smells.
20 dollars?! Mines is a 1.75 a load! And the dryer is like .25 cents for 8 minutes.
Someone. Somewhere. Is going to make this monstrosity. And they will only have themselves to blame.
Yes :D
Thank you for the information! I really appreciate it.
And this is why I didn't and probably never will buy the one x. That thing is 7 dollars away from being my monthly rent. Fuck that nonsense.
Its not the best. I have absolutely *no* closet space. The closets are like more of an after thought but hey, spare bedroom works out well to replace them. Plus, dont have to pay for water or gas and no monthly fee for having two dogs. It's pretty nice honestly.
Why are you a shit stain?
Lol
Well, he is only 13. He hasn't seen much
A tryhard.
Is this what happens to candy ladies when their main source of income grow up and leave the neighborhood?
Bacon?
Dude, seriously? His supposed 'friends' posted the video. It wasnt suppose to be seen by others. The fuck is wrong with you?
And god forbid you're a double d.
I got super lucky last year and found 2 that actually fit perfectly and didnt remind me of my grandmas bras.
Well, I mean you're not wrong. Just wish VS knew that.
Sorry, I don't. I dont even think the line is still going :/ They were super discounted.
True. True. I just wish they weren't so expensive and ugly.
Neat! I'll have to give them a look!
Thats more than my car.... Jesus....
I think hes trying to be funny.
Its about damn time.
You haven't lived until you've been given the fartbox a clean in a bathroom my friend.
Disgusting.
Make us whole
Omg. Are you not?
I truly thought that guy was being funny.....
Join us!
Belgian malinois
I found mines on the side of the road only a few werks old. He makes a great pet but f*** if he doesn't need more stimulation.
Yeahhhhh. I would love to have a fox but I do not have the time, money, yard space, or hell even paitence for one.
We try :(
And for the right system.
I saw things I didnt need to see.
Fuck yeah I would. No questions asked.
Tooooo precious!
Could this work with salmon?
I miss these commercials.
/:&lt;
I think someone pissed in your cereal. I hope it was a cat and a dog.
Oh, sweet! Theres a Marshall's thats close to me. Thanks!
Same. Homie looks like he just starting out. But it seems like anytime a dude puts on makeup it always ends here
Ooo. That was a good one.
You dead aint you?
Eh. I dig it.
...I think they will be okay with being alone for a few hours. They have full run of the house. Hell I think they enjoy the time I'm not there lol
Oh my God, right? I hate that smug fucking look she has.
No. That would be selfish and messy and I dont want to make a spectacle out of it.
God that was ugly.
Anything that doesn't involve a large amount of random people and delaying them from continuing their day.
And fuck your family too
I would race them 😐
He's an idiot. Do not engage. Repeat: do not engage. Edit: you know there are days when I want to see what some idiots on Reddit look like. This is one of those days.
I see you missed my point. If a person is going to commit suicide, turning it into a shit show that exposes a ton of people in a large busy area to your mutilated corpse is a selfish and dickish move. Yes, people will be involved with disposing of your corpse if you do it somewhere secluded and quiet. But the body isn't being gawked at by 60-100 people. Random strangers who never wanted to see that. Strangers who have their own problems and don't need to deal with extra shit like someone holding up their entire day because someone decided to play a game of chicken with a train. Just the people who found it and family/friends.
....I think it's time for me to go to sleep....
No fucking way! What the hell happened?!
Does no one here no how periods work? Most of these look fresh as fuck. And whatever that white shit is on the last pic, is fresh. I dont care that op says it may be fake cum, or someone might of sneaked in and did it. I call bullshit.
LALALALALALA I CANT *READ YOU!
Oh thank god. Driving all the way to salem for ollies is a pain
And maybe sometimes feed me potions...
This make me worried about the turquoise dice I have. I don't want to ruin them by rubbing acetone on them... But I do wanna know if there real...
Makes for good popcorn reading.
That sounds absolutely exhausting
Oh god, does it have uncensored in the title of the groups name? Damn group is a dumpster fire with a bunch of shitty people in it.
Ive been asking this question for years
Fuck, I cant even get my mom to apolgize to me when I called her out on why I didnt help her and my dad move and why I dont talk to them. Christ, what is wrong with our damn moms??
It's okay friend. We all need to vent sometime.
Oh my god No absolutely not
No
There would be so many people in jail
Appropiate username....
Now see thats fucked up.
I'm jealous. Can she adopt me?
Boss was a mastiff great dane mix.
Thats crazy. The ome near me is always full. I wish I could adopt another one.
Not gonna lie, they all look like clones with varying personalities
She looks like she's ready to fuck someone up
Ima tell you now friend. Psychologists hear a lot of crazy shit on a daily basis. You telling them youre a furry isnt going to raise any eyebrows unless your self harming.
Fucking hell in a handbasket. How is that sustainable??
Fucking hell, people are weird as fuck. Who goes around and try to guess body parts?? That shit ain't cute
Its been hot as balls. This has been bloody dreadful
Okay, so there are two options to getting a puppy: a breeder who is doing it for the good of the breed or your local pound. Backyard breeders normally dont care about whether or not the dog they are trying to breed is breeding quality. (This mainly includes having a good temperament being healthy, etc) They normally just want puppies to have puppies. A breeder who is up to snuff about the breed they want to continue will care about this and the people who will be receiving these puppies.
So here in America, a backyard breeder is normally someone who isn't doing it for the breed but just for the money or wanting puppies. These people dont take the necessary steps to make sure that they breed healthy pups and find homes for that would work well for them. Dogs like pugs and frenchies are cute but live a hard life due to their snouts being so scrunched up, overheating and specifically with frenchies, needing a c section to actually give birth to pups. Thesr traits werent always common in these breeds. If you look at images of these dogs from previous centuries you wouldnt think they were the same breed. That's why a lot of people have problems with them. They're being bred with these specific traits because thats what people want and its just not cool.
Its not that the breed should just stop being created though. They're great little dogs but the breeding standards of today have effected them and many breeds out there terribly. I can't stop people from speaking out against the breed or breeding practices in general but I think it needs to happen. We all love dogs but what we've done to them isnt fair.
I hate this thing
But I dont wanna go to bed &gt;:/
Oh god, yes!
Oh fuck, what did I miss??
Dude I wish I could tell you. All I know is that this thread is wild.
I don't blame him. Its fucking hot.
Fuck I hope so. I hate watching on mixer and my husband is making me do it just in case.
Excitement!
Aren't we all?
YAYYYYYYYYYYY!
Oh god yes, outerworlds for gamepasssss!
Ori is such a gorgeous game
I can dig the Minecraft game.
Outlast?! With a dog?! He better not die
Please give us a release date
Saw that coming
You're breathtaking! Lol
Like it crossed my mind, but I was like there is just no way. Pleasantly surprised.
Awww that was adorable
You cant be serious...
Sameeeeeee
Keanu is precious. He gives us what we want and is just gone.
I can already feel the motion sickness.
I love it already
I cant sneak because my booty is dumb T H I C C
God knows I'm a sucker for Lego games.
Not yet. Theyre just showing off games right now
It takes a lot to please you doesnt it?
Release date? :( Edit: oh nvm lol
A tasty theif
They aint about that life.
Games you dont like I guess
I can dig it.
I dont think the muscles from previous gear games are realistic.
Mmm... I dont know... I like new controllers and stuff but the last one just seem to fall a part so often...
God I wish and hope...
Yessss gimme more of that zombie parkour goodness
I don't see a problem.
I love it
Oh hey... Its this abomination...
I really wanna see a time lapse of them building it.
Neat! I didn't think state of decay was gonna get any more updates
Yeah... A little bit.
Not yet. Not sure if they will
Oh no. I like something you don't and don't give two fucks about exclusives. Guess I should sell all my games and consoles then. Grow up child.
They can definitely be a hit or miss.
Mmmmm yeah gimme that borderlands goodness!!!
George rr Martin I think
Don't die
Oh boy here we go!
Soooo project Scarlett is the official name then?
God this music always gives me chills
Master chiefs voice will always hold a special place in my heart
Says the guy bitching over not getting his triple A games. Not everything needs to be exclusive or triple A you troglodyte
Because exclusives arent important. Simple as that kid. Christ, how old are you?
I like eggs as much as the next person, but this is obscene.
Sweet little lies
I was just thinking that.
Oh.... Oh my.
Well it took them long enough!
Ok everybody, finish your drink if you guessed battle royal
Frame on bottom
She was not kidding about folks disappearing.
Its not the camera its a circular light they have focused on them
Ok dude. Chill.
Imagine sitting next to screaming guy.
...yeah... On mobile...
Does this really need its own spot?
But why?
It ended so abruptly too. I honestly didnt think I had finished the game until I saw end credits.
Ooo so edgy brah
You could of at least given us a full screen..
Bloody finally
And a release date!
If we dont get a release date can we riot?
Yes.... YESSSSSSSSSSS
Welp crisis averted.
I hope they have good gravy
Ooo my favorite!
And thats it. It was okay
YTA but are you serious? Is this real? *Am I real???*
No.
Mixing English and Japanese is a felony.
When you have a gamer moment but forget it's real life.
Sounds kinda messy
No shit Sherlock. Your grandparents are the ones who told us that and we spaired you the same fate
Think op is just karma whoring
Keanu would be dissapointed in a lot of you
His little eyebrows!!
Christ, youre life must be a damn bore.
Trevor always had a way with words.
Yes.
Aww I'm happy I could give you a good laugh friend :D
There is still no excuse for what happened.
They only convinced the really stupid people.
I was thinking of having hotdogs for dinner. Not anymore.
Attention
Yay! I'm glad I could help!
The folks who made elmers glue found out that they could make glue from casein which is found in milk.
I just use it for memes. Don't see the point of putting all of emotional greviances out there like that.
...Im glad that I helped solve this years long mystery....
Whaleshark best shark
Holy fuck, the dub for this show is amazingly good.
That is the most dad looking dog ever.
Oh gosh! Happy barks are the best thing.
How can you call him a faggot when you yourself seem pretty interested in dicks?
Gotta admit, he certaintly has a way with words.
They're more than likely doing that as well. But proper excercise also helps.
This just made my damn week.
Can we please stop posting this guy?
I personally think its the social aspect of it. Getting a breast augmentation, hair extensions, lip fillers are acceptable because they're not really connected to a race (well... Maybe lip fillers. Always found that weird since I was teased a lot for having full lips as a kid...). Changing your skin tone so dramatically so you can look like another race to me... Just seems odd, I guess. It doesn't feel right to me as a black woman who's been called slurs because of the color of my skin all my life while this person never had to experience that, but decides she loves the color so much, that she goes to extreme lengths to darken her skin. Its like how some poc's lighten their skin so they can be seen as more acceptable. Especially when they are a really dark tone. Honestly, the more I think about it, the sadder I get.
Die him your self, coward
Awww, you're still growing up
Ok, this actually made me laugh.
I just went through so many emotions right now...
Dont insult squidward like that
OwO
That womp womp hurts a bit...
Huh. I didn't think about that
Pay me too draw.
I miss when troll accounts weren't so obvious and funny
Oooooo with fireworks and then someone runs up and kick his head through the field goal!
Move on with life kid or your mom is going to take your Xbox again.
I forgot how much fun I had playing that game.
I love this so much
Perfect. I'm buying it.
I seriously want dabbing pikachu for my car.
God damn it, stop looking so cute
Well that's super fucked
Do you think surveys count as work? In your entry level section, you have multiple post for doing surveys.
What did he say?
Is... Is that you in ops video?
I feel like everyone is missong this article and the article they linked to jezebel. I hate Trump as much as the next person, but this shit seems fishy as hell
How is this a conspiracy when we see it happen all the damn time?? Ex. Brock the rapist turner.
*Damn it Karen, stop recording and take the damn medicine!*
*That god damn shepherd is in my backyard again! Honey, get me my laser shotgun!*
Christ, that is some backwards ass thinking.
Vore me daddy OwO
I would say more like a cult.
Thank you! I've been meaning to subscribe and couldn't remeber the damn name.
Maybe I'm drunk, but god that may me laugh hard when I made that noise.
So smol. So cute.
Thats something I want to know as well
Thanks!
The Golden rule.
Oh lord.
A very silly world that he plays pretend is.
This seems like the best and only reason to send a dick pic
And here I am knowing I would be crying like a bitch calling for my husband.
I actually prefer that vanilla coke...
Awww I just bought this on the switch...
That is one unfortunate looking person.
This is the second smallest mal I've ever seen. Mines is the first and looks almost exactly like him.
Homie, if you looked to where I comment you wouldn't say that. Shadman draws some pedo ass shit and I ain't cool with it
He's shit and a shit person to boot.
Drew up pedo shit of two YouTubers kids. One of them was keemstars daughter. Don't get me wrong keemstar is a piece of shit too, but you don't so that to someone's damn kid
Wow okay. That's some logic you got there for a piece of shit person drawing porn of someone else's kid dude. Let me just find a picture of your kids one day and draw them up sucking on cocks and being covered in cum. Cause you know, it's just a joke bruh.
I've never seen someone use their neck like that
I just can't believe this is happening. That this is a thing that needs to be mention. Seriously, what the fuck?
The first I read of this was from a tabloid site. For now I think it's best to take it with a grain of salt.
Yeah, Facebook is where I first saw it as well. The article I read mentioned it was announced during a televised funeral for the General that was killed. Their source was En24. I don't know anything about that news site or whether it's trustworthy or not
Seriously, it's like 2019 is wearing the skin of 2020
Oh yeah, that is a thing.
*laughs in fake hair* This has no power over me. I can have any color hair I want!
I have a best friend who dislikes birds. Ima use all of these on her.
I considered Jim the life guard. He is a Burnese mountain dog after all
Fucking hell, tell me about it. Doesn't help that my youngest pup is a German Shepard/Malinois mix.
That's so fucking dumb
I still find it bullshit. Fuck it. I'm just going to stay in this dump of an apartment.
This is why we can't have nice things
I really want to know what the fuck wish would send you if you ordered these
I've been having better luck there.
YOUR GONNA HEAR FROM MY LAWYER ABOUT THIS!
Holy fuck, you mad lad! You actually did it! You actually took the time to do it! Holy shit, props too you. You win.
And more than likely outgunned.
Just about any song that SOAD put out honestly
Yta Also, God job replying to only people who say you're NTA.
I would have gone insane.
Nah, unless you like the chance of having a broken needle in your arm.
The fuck did I just witness?
Wow. TIL
I wanna be held like that.
Moon + water = best ship
This is the life I want. And also Crow friends
My day was going perfectly fine before I saw this bullshit.
Swear I'm tempted to just go to another state at this point. I'm sick of these backless promises. Edit: some of y'all are kinda special.
Honesty is possibly your best quality right now
I don't really know what could be dumber than this...
Don't think I've done anything as stupid as what he did. Plus my mom's a cold corpse right now... Don't think she's up for talking
I thought that was a myth.
Look like border collies
*FETCH ME THEIR SOULS*
Oh my God, the reporters face when homie takes the head off is gold.
Why does it look like it was recorded in the 90s???
Ohhhhh okay. It really works well.
I fucking wish I had not seen any of that shit.
Suicide
Oof
I was so confused watching this as a kid.
Dear God, no. I love mark as much as the best person but this is absolutely not necessary
Jambalaya has seafood, sausage, and chicken in it.
I would read this.
Proof?
Please stop, I'm on a diet!
I've never made gumbo so I can't weigh in on that. I fucking need to though...
I'm not even a whole month into the new decade and I've already been played.
Well, I for one never seen them sit like this. I didn't even know they were capable of doing that.
I was really hoping to be impress but all I see are shitty tags.
Honestly, same.
I fucking needed that giggle.
How dare you. How fucking dare you.
I accept this.
!attack
!profile
!attack
!equip 15
!attack
!attack
!attack
!attack
!attack
!attack
!profile
!attack
This is my second but largest tattoo. I gotta say, that inner part of the thigh was the worse thing ever. So my next tattoo is gonna be on my other thigh!
I was always afraid of getting tattoos because I figured I was too dark. But I took the chance and I'm so happy I did.
!attack
Yeah... Her finger is a little wonky but once she's healed up I do plan on seeing if I can get some parts of her fixed.
Is it really??? :(
Yes. A hundred times yes.
Hey if you want to feel that way about my tattoo, then so be it. I sure as hell don't see it that way since you know... Greek mythological creatures and stuff
I don't think this is helping.... !attack
Now I'm angrier.
!attack
I actually like cauliflower. This pleases me.
!attack
!attack I'm so sorry smol pupper
Thank you
!equip 32
!attack
!attack 17
!attack
!attack
!attack
!attack
!attack 17
!attack
!profile
This is the third time. Do it.
!attack
!attack
!attack 32
!attack
!attack 17
!attack 32
!attack
!profile
!equip 17
!attack
!attack 19
!attack 32
!attack 19
!attack 17
!attack 17
!attack 19
!attack 19
Curse you Myers for this abomination! !attack 32
God damn it.im too high for this
I love it. You're great. But no.
God, I hope this makes it into the video
Holy shit homie, good job.
!attack 32
!profile
!attack 24
!attack Why are there so many cheese enemies?!
!attack 17
!attack 19
!attack 19
!attack 19 I'm starting to hate cheese....
Hey! That's me!
!attack
!attack
!attack
I think they consider him Egyptian. Either way, how dare they. Bayek is a fucking national treasure.
I think a lot of people are confused by it. Hell, I can't even explain it properly and I am black. It's just so weird....
!attack
!attack
Fucking ew.
Nah, your president is shit.
!attack
Is that why I can't ever find scorpions?!
!attack
!attack
!attack
!attack
!buy 23
!attack
Oh that's fucking illegal !attack
!profile
!attack
Shit I forgot about that
Oh my god, we have emotes?!
Yo, I think we were in the same guild
I was Monixa! I actually hopped back on today and man, what a nostalgia trip. And yeah! We were in the same guild!
I like your honesty.
I might just watch that
Are you a guy? You're a guy, right??
Please, just stop fucking talking
Funny you bring this up. When my husband and I bought our home this year, my landlord had already had another tenant lined up for it. Hell she even brought her over as we were literally packing up the moving truck to show her that shit apartment.
I'm going to be sick. And I still have 4 hours of work left.
I fucking regret everything.
!attack
!attack
!attack
!profile
You are an amazing grandson.
This fucking video. Hell, this exact series is how I got into cry. I cried like a bitch when this happened.
Holy fuck, that caught me off guard lmao
Wait is it a pink mini van that looks busted as hell?
What the hell, I thought there was just the one busted ass one.
I just gotta know: why do you want to buy overpriced ice cream from them? There are so many other options. Why them?
!profile
!attack 29
!attack
!attack
!attack 32
:D
!attack 31
!attack 29
Why does this sound so romantic??
Okay
!attack
!attack :(
!attack
You can not tell me that that was not on purpose. Little homie was building up speed and everything lol.
