I mean, Rakan is very much a peacock, but I'm pretty sure they can be gay too.
Easy answer; it works like Ligers do; in Ligers, they grow extremely large because of their parentage; a male lion and a female tiger. In this pairing, the species fails to inherit the growth inhibiting gene from either species (carried in female lions and male tigers respectively) This allows them to grow to unexpected sizes, as their bodies don't have the natural trigger to stop growing. So in Giants, the female giant carries the growth gene that triggers at birth, which is then superceded by a male growth gene at puberty. So a male human and female giant have a large baby that reaches full height around puberty, like humans do. A female human and a male giant would therefore have a human sized child that only begins to reach exceptional size at the onset of puberty. #ScienceIsMagical
Care to explain?
I believe this actually happened during the execution of one of the senior officials under the Saddam Hussein administration. Was a few days before his own execution I think.
The phrase "gender confirmation surgery" stood out to me for similar reasons. That's far from standard terminology for the procedure outside of bleeding edge liberal circles.
Doozy of a day...
I think you make the best point here; Forrest does make choices, and the way they impact him is more subtle but still important. - Forrest chose to save those men in Vietnam. He was out, but he kept going back. Doing so meant he got to say goodbye to Bubba, but it also earned him the Medal of Honor, which in turn put him back in touch with Jenny. - Forrest chose to but a fishing boat, and make Lt Dan his first mate. His support for Dan let Dan find a way to live his life again, to make his peace with God. - On the same point, deciding to trust Dan and stay out during that massive storm also saved their boat, giving them all access fishing, turning their failing boat around and saving their business. Gump then trusts Dan with the business, and Dan invests it sensibly, something Forrest knew he couldn't do. - Forrest chose to go running. Whether he knew what it would do for him or not, it was a choice. Every day. Until he felt ready to stop, he kept choosing. And that running made the papers, which once again put him in touch with Jenny and Young Forrest His life was full of choices that impacted him positively because he made choices that others are sometimes too scared to make, because they're too risky.
Your evacuation code was "The Tea is In The Harbour." Youve failed us 0069. You've been disavowed. Good luck.
If not, it should be, pretty sure that was a legal directive a few years ago which is what prompted it. That being said it may have been a "jump or be pushed" voluntary agreement with major providers. Isn't a major hassle for me anyway as I just turned it off immediately, but not everyone knows how to because, well, computers and old people.
It's pundamental to their business model.
As a Morgana main. I'm gonna be salty. But as long as her Q makes it through untouched, I'm probably gonna just spend the money but be really shitty about it.
So much this. I was getting weird adverts for a few weeks until my brother mentioned he had been searching for something for Christmas, and it was that product that kept being advertised to me because we use the same WiFi. Likewise I just priced up a river cruise holiday and he started getting adverts for it on his devices too.
No he's just accusing you of being mentally ill, not necessarily trans.
About as tedious as people correcting England to the UK. Just because they're sick of people getting it wrong doesn't make it pedantic.
In other words, a prenup would only serve to benefit him, never you. That's not me being an asshole, that's me saying that he recognises your sacrifice, and you've decided together that doing something to protect his interests that is never really going to protect yours would be pretty shitty.
And attacking allies is a huge way to prove your point? "You don't know our struggles" is an easy way to make a lot of people give much less of a shit about trying to know them. This person has multiple LGBT family members they support. They know it as well as someone can without experiencing it themselves, possibly better than those who ARE LGBT but have been fortunate enough to experience positive and accepting reception to their sexual preferences.
This. Even something like Spirit Guard Udyr, while we still have the current Udyr model it's undeniable the skin is a significant improvement. And those sorts of skins are much more suitable to a title like Prestigious. Only once a year, high cost, high quality. Forgiving Gun Goddess for a moment, which had a decreased cost at good reason, they all have serious levels of quality and desirability for their time of release (obviously some aged better than others). Prestige doesn't let you work towards serious gains in a way that, say, gold weapons in Overwatch work. They're time specific, not champion specific, and don't show anything more than you have a ton of free time or enough cash to blow to get something you really want. They're designed to get people to keep playing to knock those tokens out. Like a shitty battlepass system.
The Beetus is my personal Afghanistan I'll have you know. To survive being this fat for this long with acceptable glucose levels, I should be given a medal!
You misunderstood him. He's saying they're not "mobile" games as much as they are games on multiple platforms, including mobile. Sort of how you'd call League of Legends a PC game, because it's exclusive to PC, but other games are cross-console, like Fortnite or PUBG. Those games are all examples of multiplatform games that can work on mobile architecture but aren't "mobile" games in that they weren't designed explicitly for that platform.
The problem is that a frankly archaic law is used as applicable in modern times by being open to interpretation and re-interpretation by the supreme court on a regular basis. 2A is two lines long, but the volume of text written on the amendment is enough to fill a library. Based on this, and the fact that American law is effectively a combination of enacted laws and judicial interpretation/precedent, it's generally considered illegal to enact a law whose purpose is to suppress the availablity of firearms to the general public, on the grounds that 2A gives them a right to own those firearms. So any time that any rule designed to put a more restrictive process in place is proposed, gun lobbyists send the dogs out to get it quashed using that argument; making it cost money outside of the value of the gun, or less convenient to complete the transaction, is unconstitutional! It doesn't always work, but often enough that it causes problems.
Weigh? Probably could. Gain? Hell's no. Im 400lbs NOW through years of hard fucking graft at fucking my own body up. GAINING 400LBS from even the slimmest of starts would be nothing short of monumental.
It's funny, because the first thing he said about his dad being less than perfect was that his short game was lousy. That made me chuckle.
Hehe, assumption that I intend to, but thankyou! I appreciate the positivity! It is on my to-do list after Christmas dies down. Same as every year, although I'm feeling more motivated lately so here's to hoping!
Ahh I see where you got that. Nope. The hard work to date has been reaching and maintaining this weight through many, many unhealthy choices. My general point was you don't get to a weight like mine through bad luck. It's a daily choice to ignore your health and feed your addiction to unhealthy food.
Egyptian? Possible that one of your ancestors was involved in trading along the silk road, I'd guess.
#We should have been told first. /s
Given everything that Badawi did, and given that Monte entirely enabled Badawi to do it by getting into bed with him AFTER his first warning to get out of League and think about his attitude fell on deaf ears, nothing Riot did to Monte was unjustified. There's a line you gotta draw, and the shit that was going on under Monte's nose was definitely past it.
Doesn't seem like he asks permission...
I mean, it looks like Carter didn't either. I'm not a Trump apologist but I don't THINK he was the only one. And he definitely did put his hand over on the way out.
No but based on where my work is situated there may definitely have been some hohohoing going on.
It's like Bill Gates only being remembered for Microsoft and not the billions he's spent trying to help third world countries. It's a good thing to be recognised for your achievements but it's not the whole picture of the man.
"You owe me this because I sorted you on Tuesday, and with this and that we can get these bits but we need a number cos I owe my guy and can't pay him yet" that sort of thing. Crack politics.
I get the prompt and everything, but I'll be a little disappointed if nobody makes a play on the phrase "In Battle" and names the nurse Battle for... Comfort reasons.
While I agree, I also really liked how they did the whole Marines trying to nuke the Muto in the first one, running through the city while two titans fight above them. It accentuated the whole "we are ants to them" thing.
The thing that kinda sings the death knell for me is that MacFarlane has zero writing input anymore. It's just voice work for him at this point, his focus is totally on his other projects. If he wasn't the voice for half the cast he wouldn't even be attached anymore. At that point it's time just to let a show die a quiet death so people can move on to other projects.
Bingo. I don't even think we should be able to ban criminals from the internet. They need to move into the modern age and allow them access through registered devices with standard-bearer software to log and filter their access. Prevent them accessing social media, but the rest of the internet is actually too necessary today to avoid entirely.
Or, they're not publishers, they're a platform, but all platforms have a right to decide, with literally zero justification, who can and cannot utilise that platform. Being deplatformed may be censorship of content, but it's not curation. It doesn't read all of their content and decide on the basis of that which content can and cannot pass. It takes feedback from users about that content, and acts where the actual producer is producing material with which the company does not wish to be associated. They're not the record label or the publisher, theyre not even the storefront. They're the landlord.
Actually, it's not. You'll see very clearly that they're based on the **content**. My argument, and that of the tech companies, is that they aren't controlling content in these instances, but those that produce it. I don't personally think they SHOULD be allowed to operate as they do; they curate content in other ways that should be more than ample reasoning without this particular topic. But I don't consider deplatforming to be an example of that curation as much as I do, say, curated newsfeeds or comment/post censorship on an individual level.
Well for one. CTH is on a separate platform to the debate. But even ignoring that, my point is that Facebook etc, as private companies, should have the right to decide which political views don't get to have a voice on their private service. I don't think CTH or T_D should exist on Reddit, but here hey both are. That's a decision by the Reddit bigwigs, which is why efforts to get rid of T_D have focused on making T_D unpalatable to their bottom line through targeting their advertisers. Because adverts being served next to extremist content provides a tentative link between the two that could be misconstrued as support for those beliefs, and ALL companies want to retain control of who and what their company is associated with as much as possible. Frankly I have no issue with deplatforming. I think that companies are being disingenuous by feigning ignorance of curation to avoid having to make the expenditure of actively policing their own product, while still.taking full advantage of curation to maximise their products efficacy. But the solution to that, for me at least, isn't to prevent companies from being able to deplatform or curate, but to produce governing bodies that are designed to regulate and ensure these procedures are done fairly and without violating the rights of others. And I include in that a desire for more legal protection around the heavy handed "we own it all so suck it" EULAs websites and games use today.
Sounds fair. Some days when I'm especially tired and feeling lawful neutral, I'll leave a cart in the space IF and ONLY IF I took it from there in the first place. If I got it from the corral it goes back there. But those lawful neutral days are the summation of my laziness.
Huh, guess my AS Biology has failed me again, serves me right, I failed it too.
Thats the other way around though. Having Fuck You money is having so much you can pass up potential opportunity because of personal or moral choices. It's having the money to screw someone over just because you want to or feel it's right. It doesn't normally entail the individual being bitchslapped to be financially dependent on the person in question. For example, fuck you money would be knowing I've got enough to fuck up your car and pay my way out of trouble just so I know I've fucked up your car. Refusing to pay your car payments for you because you're being a cunt is the same result coming from the other direction.
Likewise! It's nice to have some civil discourse! I sympathise with your views on tolerating their message, provided nobody is forced to listen to it. It's this part that makes it hard for me to say that a company, even ones as all.encomapssing as Facebook and Google, could be told they have to let someone use their infrastructure to make those communications, and as such force them to be affiliated with it whether they like it or not. Drawing that line, especially with social media and the huge tech companies of the modern era, is no small feat.
If you can grow a moustache into a birdcage you can grow a beard into a toupee
You want a woman to shave you?
Yeah, I'm gonna go with my original response to that information; ouch.
Except you're infectious long before you feel sick. If the flu was only transmittable when symptoms started we would've killed anyone with a sniffle long ago and sorted that right out.
It was his response to one of the many national shootings that have happened since he announced his nomination. He used his trademark "say both things at the same time as hypotheticals so I can appease both sides." "We should take away their guns or something, I don't know, maybe that's the solution, or maybe we need to focus somewhere else." That sort of thing.
Oil paintings were the equivalent of a touched up selfie of yesteryear. Painters would often accentuate your best features to make sure you were looked on favourably in the painting. As such, not being an oil painting yourself would mean you don't look attractive. A famous example of oil paintings in this guise would be Henry VIII marrying Anne of Cleves. He basically chose to marry her based off of a portrait sent to him, and when she turned up he was less than impressed with being 16th Century catfished.
Mostly because they can sympathise with being in an impossible position. Even if it's of her own making, I doubt she seriously expected her own party to perpetually attempt to undermine her at the cost of 49% of the public at least being respected, while using the argument that any move away from or lessening Brexit, or even a second referendum, is an unacceptable affront to the 51% that went the other way two years ago. She is a terrible person, but I can still sympathise with a terrible person who, through both her own choices and those around her she calls allies, literally can't make a move that a significant proportion of people will decry.
I'm not a huge wine drinker, but I just got back from Cologne and I must say, the gluhwine was pretty nice, especially a cherry one I tried. But your alcoholic hot chocolate and baumkuchen really are top notch.
It's uncertain whom he means by this statement, but what is clear is that he addressed Mr.Mueller as "sir."
Yeah like he's gonna actually use his own junk.
But aren't they increasing that contribution because they are no longer sharing a home with another wage earner? You can't reasonably.expect an individual to support the home of an ex partner at the same rate as they did previously while also being able to support their own life. So yes, women have to contribute substantially more, because they went from a two person household to a one person household. The existence alimony (as opposed to child support) is the consideration of reduced earning potential due to those career decisions being made.
You have no confidence in HER? Well WE have no confidence in YOU. BAH!
No, I'm saying the fetish was his and not hers. Rape requires a lack of consent. We argue that consent cannot be given by children. To the US he was well under the age of consent, in some countries he is over the age, in the UK he's less than a year short of consenting. Again. I'm not saying what she did was right. I'm not saying it was legal. I'm saying comparing this to a man forcibly pinning down a girl and penetrating her, OR EVEN to a woman forcibly restraining a boy and forcing him to penetrate her, is disingenuous.
If you have kids, vaginal tearing is something OBGYN should've covered during appointments before the due date. I don't know which gender you are, but it doesn't really matter as ideally you should've been present for these appointments regardless. That's generally what they're getting at, that stitches in the area of the vagina are far from uncommon, and that if you've been through childbirth or your partner has, you should be aware of them. They're just doing it in a really holier than thou and douchey way because they weren't one of today's lucky 10,000.
I hadn't considered UKIP but you make a VERY good point. Without them around, a new referendum campaign looks VERY different.
No problem. The thing to remember is that episiotomy only covers 12% but that doesn't mean the other 88% didn't then after a year as a result of not having the episiotomy. Much like a lot of childbirth, so much of what is and isn't done or offered seems to be at the whim of the professional in the room and their personal preference or experience. It's not an area of medicine I'm a particular fan of in the way it's often ran, although I'm male so that doesn't really count for much.
I'm pretty sure they all agree on not trusting coloured people or funny accents. That's why we got into this mess isn't it?
May would face a vote of no confidence within the Commons and in all likelihood lose. The queen would face a large pointy stick and some elected commoner moving into her house. It's not a move that could be made unless they were certain the will of the people wasn't being represented by parliament.
And this is why Labour don't want to go into a no confidence vote. They will struggle to stay on message either way, because they're ALSO split on Europe. Corbyn doesn't want to go against his beliefs and be the man who stopped Brexit. I think, for the good of his party, he needs to step aside and put someone there who will, with his whole support. He can say later "Oh, I felt he did what he feels had to be done even if I disagree with his decision" when the new leader inevitably derails Brexit. But carrying on like this isn't helping anyone.
It's... A vote. That's all. Referendum, election, makes no odds. The system is always there, the only change would be the actions upon the election outcome.
There would be three campaigns; The Leave, The Remain, and The Take Us With You.
Or her over any of the current potential replacements, of which there are many, and they're all awful.
Shot a lot to keep the peace though. I'm not even Irish, or sympathetic to that side, but even I can recognise the Troubles were fucked on every side. The IRA were terrorists, but they weren't the only ones with victims. That's why the Good Friday Agreement was so crucial. Both sides got to walk away cleanly without all this shit carrying on.
That's not true at all! Of course it was beneficial! Lots of rich people are going to make a lot of money short selling British companies when it all fucks up, and they're all registered non-doms in comfortable EU countries now so they and theirs keep all the perks!
They also want coal mines and steelworks back, and to put the gogglefaced smartarses back under the thumb of the working man. What they want is archaic and irrelevant in the modern age. Much like them.
Some places weren't given back, but elected to remain as part of the commonwealth under their own governance. I imagine Ireland would've gone a similar way had they not revolted in 1916. But then it also may have been considered too close to home to allow. Hard to say.
Yeah, going out to lunch and not eating anything would be a legitimate "why" moment, but you don't go into deep introspection over their lasagne choice, so don't do it over their refreshments.
Nah, 6 was amazing. I'll grant that 7 and 8 were a downturn, but the premiere to 6, and House actually really trying to deal with his problems and make himself healthy WITHOUT trying to fix his leg, was a really refreshing move for the show in my opinion.
Also Parkitect on Steam, recently left Alpha, really good.
In these situations, wound seriously. Wound in a way they can't get themselves to cover, to try and goad others into coming out as well. Pretty common tactic in warfare in general, using the enemy to bait more of the enemy into a trap.
Think of it this way; doors act this way because the animation of them opening and closing is problematic. It'd end up janky but everyone would use them anyway. Some stuff that you'd think works doesn't; if you put two half archways facing opposite ways on one square, it makes a doorway it no line of sight block, for example.
r/boneappletea
Welcome to Europe, it's been that price here for awhile now.
If he was that proud of his own, he'd be getting it out and waving it around. LBJ at least backed it up with the evidence.
So, so glad I'm not the only man with this on his car CD. Although mine is on my Disney Song mix...
It's less about them feeling snubbed and more about the legal argument that they were not mentioned at all, and the fact they weren't considered could be argued to be a mistake. When you name someone in a will, you've shown you took the time to consider them, their value to you, what they deserve from you, and bequeathed accordingly. It makes arguments of it being an oversight on the part of the deceased dead in the water. Not that there aren't other considerations to be made. In the UK a woman recently won a sizeable portion of her estranged mother's estate after it was all bequeathed to a charity. Her solicitor argued that her mother earned a significant sum from the death of her husband (the plaintiffs father) when he died while she was still young. She denied her daughter any inheritance that would have passed to her if her father had not died unexpectedly (he died in a workplace accident I think, hence the large sum) as she wasn't eligible for any of that compensation as a minor. Things like this screw with wills all the time, they're far from ironclad, which is why you need to look for any precautions you may need to take long in advance.
Human flight is like an albatross, need to get the wind speed over their wings up high enough before they can really fly.
I think you're missing the forest for the trees here a bit. There's truth in saying that mandatory homework doesn't help students learn and improve. Mandatory is the word he was missing that makes it more important. Kids that want to learn in their own time are the only ones that benefit from doing so outside of the structured environment, and also the only ones likely to do so when it's not assigned. Kids that aren't interested won't benefit from being forced into doing it, because their lack of motivation impacts their retention of the subject.
Once heard my dad fart for a solid minute from the adjacent room while he was asleep. At the end of it I heard my brother say "Jesus Christ." And our laughter eventually woke him up. He was stoically proud and went back to sleep.
Brickie is not equivalent to robot tech deployment. Stop being a pedant about it.
I did, and disagree. I feel that he was spot on for Snape. Snape's very description is like the embodiment of oily, greasy. That's exactly what his cool demeanour puts across, slickness and sleaze.
it's not P2W if the exact same applies to playing with her base skin. It's just evening the field to her base.
Except your argument is that her elite skin would be P2W. If it were only happening for elite or base, that effect would only exist for as long as it takes for awareness of the new skin to propagate through the playerbase, just as skins are on a disadvantage once they realise you're wearing one. If the exact same effect can be achieved through using the base skin as can be through the elite skin, that's not a P2W effect. Frankly its balance. Right now we literally have a pay to lose situation in which you're at an active disadvantage for using a skin.
Doesn't look like he's grabbing the shoulder but reassuring or supporting him. Looks like he's the soberest or least stupid of the group and trying to tell them all to calm it down and back off, and the cop is patting his shoulder as a sort of "good idea man thanks for you not being a twat at least" sort of gesture. It then cuts to what appears to be them after he's stopped trying to make them back off because they've all either ignored him, pushed him away, or acted as if they're calming down before they rule themselves up again. I deal with a lot of users. I sympathise with how it feels to have at least one in the group have a braincell to spare towards the situation they've gotten into.
Which Power Rangers movie? Because I remember the original with Ivan Ooze as a classic and nobody will ever convince me otherwise.
Half siblings, guy above just didn't word it correctly. They're related through the father.
So.. your ex step-father has custody of his children, who are either your former step siblings, which means they're not biologically related to your or your mother, or your half-siblings, which makes your mother their mother. So either he has a legal order to keep your mother out of the picture, which of they're hers biogically means he's got both one hell of a lawyer and/or one hell of a good reason to enforce that restriction, or they're not any biological relation to you or your mother and whether or not either of you see them is entirely his perogative. That's not me assuming, that's me trying to work out your relationship with them and why he's able to deny your mother visitation, which doesn't happen often. If he's just being an ass and doesn't want his ex wife seeing kids that aren't hers, my sympathies, but then it's also his choice.
It's not his job to personally chase down every single pedophile and chastise them. Might as well request that only the CEO of every major company does the hiring and firing. I'm also simply pointing out that you can hardly call it ignoring if they were explicitly removed because of their involvement, and recently at that. Things move slower than we would like, and aren't as far reaching as we would like, but decades of clergy across thousands of parishes and thousands of priests, abbots, and bishops contributed to this problem. Blaming one man for it doesn't help victims or change facts.
I'm British. I care. I feel like in a world where everyone is trying to be edgier and more "forward thinking" by revolting and pushing for overthrowing the state and toppling what they've decided is corrupt in the hope of the next group throwing them a bone, we managed to reach a fairly stable system with a royal family that at least understand their role and their place in the system, and respect it enough to abide by it (Charles being the exception that proves the rule until recently). Maybe the day will come that one of them will meddle too far. But Elizabeth II has been monarch for a lot longer than almost any of us have been alive, and managed to keep herself fairly hands off. I think William has shown he's got enough intelligence to follow his grandmother. Charles is a sticking point but he can be replaced by William if it's necessary. There's something to be said for stability and predictability in government, or at least in the processes of it. And ours are among the oldest on the planet. I like that fact. I like that we are steeped in history. I can walk from my house to a pub that's 500 years older than the country of the USA. That's pretty awesome.
It's also an old loophole mostly used by people whose primary asset is actually something that wasn't really worth taxing previously, ie the family home that was £40,000 40 years ago, but is now closer to £750,000 because prices in London got fucking ludicrous, but the family still only earn standard salaries and don't want to have to sell their home just to pay the tax on something based on value accrued. The whole point behind most of these tax haven documents like the Paradise Papers etc was that the NEW tax dodging method is simply to not own anything. You pay an accountant and solicitors to set up a company in your name in one of these offshore tax havens that charge almost nothing in corporate tax. All your personal assets are owned by that company, of which you and your family are sole executors. Your death then means basically nothing because the control of the company just passed over automatically, the company is its own entity, and you die with only whatever minor sum you'd been receiving into a personal account as your "payment" for being employed as the executor of that company.
No, he had the most treatable form of pancreatic cancer. Caught early too. He had one of the best chances for full recovery any cancer patient could ever hope for, and the money to increase those odds even further. He pissed it all away on a fruitarian cure that he spent so long fervently pushing that it ended up killing him. The man could sell snow to Eskimos but he was an arrogant idiot about too many things.
And yet, none of these things actually do what you claim. They're morally right. I don't deny that. They're what SHOULD and WOULD be done in a perfect world. But they in no way keep Catholicism as a movement or as a global enterprise from collapsing in on itself and being devoured by the scandal. Imagine running a company where thousands of your workers were accused (and I stress accused, because that's a big part of the problem, communities defending them without the rest of the church even getting involved, nothing being proven etc) what do you do? Admit it, hold up your hands, fire thousands and try to make some sort of PR disaster turnaround? The chances of you doing that successfully are slim to none. And that's before factoring in the fact that you're the Holy See, God's representatives on earth. You're meant to not only be above this, but how are any of you meant to explain or justify it? You will disillusion millions of your followers. And you're not selling products they can meander back to. If you lose them they're likely not coming back. So yeah, I don't blame a guy who, by all accounts had basically nothing to do with the current situation, choosing to act slowly and carefully rather than burning his entire fucking religion down. Because I'm approachibg my assessment of him from an impartial and rational perspective, not an emotional one.
***YES THEY DO. Which is an even more fucking stupid part of that whole scenario I wasn't even going to get into.*** He literally did the exact opposite of helping himself. His diet made things worse, and arguably contributed to his development of the disease in the first place.
I'm thinking if you're emotionally hurt by your partner wanting to spend time with other people when something pops up and you didn't have particularly special plans, you're probably not mature or involved enough for that relationship to be secure. I mean Jesus Christ, the guy literally checks in with her, lets her know what he's thinking, she gives consent for him to follow those plans, and it's HIS FAULT? Yeah I'm taking the guy at his word, but if he's telling the truth he's been the open and honest one, he's communicated properly. If she lies about how she's feeling and he believes that lie, that's not on him, that's on her. Get outta here with this mind reading bullshit. Say how you feel or don't act like a dick when people trust you at your word.
People say low risk as if it's no risk. Stock markets in the US have not been healthy lately and there's no reason to assume they will be. If you've got spare money that isn't tied up and is just for a rainy day, by all means, take a risk on something you could take a bath of if you had to. Yknow what you get when you buy a house outright? Peace of mind that you own the damn house. No loss of job, no financial collapse, is gonna let someone take the roof from over your head unless you decide to sell it
You've clearly not been to some of the labs I've been too. Lots of life has been made there, believe me. They give the rabbits a run for their money, scientists do.
This. It's how machine learning often works. Evaluate the shit. Throw more shit. Evaluate that shit. Repeat ad finitum until you reach the goal.
He refers to "they" being the people you claim to quote, not anyone further up the thread.
If violence actually solved those problems, those problems would be solved by now. And yet they have always existed and will continue to exist, as long as people like yourself put personal satisfaction above results. It doesn't feel good to send a criminal to a place that's well kept and maintained, that provides them with services and care of a higher level than most people have convenient access to. It doesn't feel just. But it does work; it reduces recidivism, it gets people the help they need to adjust their mindset, to break the cycles that keep them in poverty and in crime, and gives them the understanding and grounding to get out and be a better influence on society than they were before. But it doesn't feel nice for the people who work hard without needing that extra push. It doesn't let them feel above someone else, it doesn't make them feel like they're being rewarded for being good boys and girls. Deep down, they want to see someone else suffer, so they can smirk inwardly and feel good they did the right thing. Violence does not solve problems. It kicks them down the line and perpetuates the lifestyle in which the poorest are kept under thumb, because when they're being given the choice between death by execution and a slightly slower death being worked for a pittance, enough will choose the work that the wealthiest can carry on oppressing. Violence and capital punishment are not the tools of someone looking for a solution to crime. They're the tools of the oppressor looking to control the oppressed, nothing more.
God yes, so much this. I love my fiancee to death, but Christ almighty her sister is a moron. Like, borderline special needs levels of pure stupidity. I'm just really thankful that she considers me and her sister smart people, and is cognisant of her own lack of knowledge, enough to listen to us when we give her information.
No, don't buy drugs. Become a rock star and they give you them for free.
She has a soft spot for Africa, and I think she knew the way the wind was blowing.
Kinda like claiming if I shoot you down in international airspace it doesn't count because we all use it, so it's domestic. Which is kind of my point, there is a difference between fishing domestic and international waters.
Because they didn't sign an international treaty that said they wouldn't whale outside of very specific circumstances. Japan did. Which annoys the rest of the people using international waters who expect them to honour those treaties.
I mean, the same can be said for Nobel prizes outside of Peace; it's about impact and groundbreaking work. Which the lobotomy was, it even, when done properly, gave a lot of the effects it promised; nice docile women with little emotional desire to rebel. Perfect little.housewives "cured" of their own personal wants and needs. Truly barbaric, but at the time, revolutionary.
Second batallion, third row down from the right, second man in. You missed him. There's a hat above him that aligns with the feet ahead of his, and a hat to his left that aligns to the guy next to him, but he is most definitely hatless. Sorry OP. Proof: http://imgur.com/RA9VQxd
Because you and people like you have no desire to better the society you live in, you think the only solution is rule of fear. The prisons are inhumane. Your people are underpaid. And you still look at the USSR as some shining light when things were rosy and better. I feel sorry for you. I wish I had more time to show you how wrong you are, but sadly I don't.
And if you ever put the lobotomy in the context of the time rather than the hindsight we have now, you'd have a bit more insight into why. Instead you're too close minded to try and take the perspective of the people in the situation. You'd rather judge with a modern lense and make yourself feel superior than recognise that a man made a choice that was much less controversial then than it would be today, ***under medical advice from trained physicians*** and then spent a lot of money keeping his disabled daughter in comfort and care where she lived an otherwise long life.
Do you own anything in your life you don't need to survive? You don't own a game console, some sentimental jewellery, a book you quite like? Because that's the most basic principle you were trying to attack. If you think that's acceptable and right, the only issue you have is one of scale. You would have her do what with all of these heirlooms? Sell them to other people with more money than they need, and then throw all the money into the country? Because that's clearly what the rest of us are all doing. Everyone in the country lives hand to mouth and keeps the bare minimum to survive, throwing the rest back into the pool for everyone else to pull from to do the same. Except no, we don't live in some pseudocommunist nightmare. We live in a society that allows people to work for themselves, make profits and income, and choose whether to donate additional funds to others, while we are still.at least supposed to have a taxation system that generates enough public resources to provide a safety net and support system for those at the bottom of the barrel who desperately need help. But when we have systems in place literally designed to avoid giving people money, no amount of additional windfall for the country will change their entitlement to a portion of that. So yeah, I don't think bitching on about the royal family being wealthy does anything to actually constitute change. It's just a bunch of hot.aor from shallow-minded people who fail to.grasp the depth.or.complexity of the systems causing the problem, and think everyone who's wealthier than them is a crook or underserving, anyone less just scrounges, but they deserve an extra leg-up.
Undoubtedly. And that's all very legal. Which is a serious problem in and of itself that needs to be addressed legally, not.through arbitrarily redistributed wealth.
~~Except she had testimony proving it was brought up in closed therapy sessions long before this.~~
Specifically her testament, although further investigation shows she did clarify during her senate testimony that his name specifically is not mentioned, as such I withdraw my comment.
Exactly. As an extremely obese man I don't actually think people should be able to get, for example, mountain rescue or coast guard assistance when they make stupid choices. But I will continue to support their right to do so because I recognise that if you cut that off, the point that you stop that support would never end. There would always be an excuse to cut someone else out to save money. And to be clear, I'm not talking about "hiking regularly and for injured on the mountain" I'm talking "climbing Scarfell Pike in flipflops on a winter's day" levels of stupid choice.
Wow, I'd always have thought any returns should come out of the seller unless the item itself is at fault. Sounds like a pretty shitty commission system.
For knowing and understanding how disability law actually works? I've got no issue with hiring and making the correct adjustments for a disabled applicant. It's not only what is legally required, but a perfectly logical thing to do for hiring the best staff. What isn't required is to hire people who haven't got any formal diagnosis or even claim to have a disability, on the basis that you THINK they might have one. If you have a disability, be up front from the beginning and expect the treatment you deserve. If you don't get it, you should be waving an ADA or settlement (or the national equivalent in your country, mine would fall under wider discrimination laws) under their noses and teach them a harsh lesson. If you don't disclose it, you can't expect them to be able to make any sort of accommodation. And assuming someone has a disability without discussing it with them would just be a ridiculous way to hire people. So, pray tell, what's your issue with all this?
By all means, elaborate.
Hell. I'll bite one more time. Here's a link to Title I of the ADA which specifically dictates procedures in this regard; https://www.eeoc.gov/eeoc/publications/fs-ada.cfm You'll find everything I've just said is right there; reasonable adjustments, disclosed disability via request for them, that they must either be documented or regarded to have such an impairment (the regarded bit is where it gets hazy, but is generally considered applicable to those in which the disability is self-evident, such as amputation or injury). I'm more than happy to listen to any counterargument in this regard. I've provided you with sources. You disagree with them? Ball is in your court.
Sorry hang on. My source Title I of the ADA regarding the equal treatment of Disabled Americans in hiring and employment, has nothing to do with my discussion regarding the hiring of a hypothetical potentially autistic candidate? Did you even read the source?
He just doesn't understand how fucking popular minions was. Because if you hated it, by the time the film rolled around you just kind of tuned it out. It was already so everywhere that you could hardly notice the difference merchanidse-wise.
They made 1,2,Switch and it was a big flop. If they'd just made a Wii Sports Deluxe, I'd have bought that shit day one.
Agreed. It was bad, and I have no idea why they decided not to include it when it had the design of a standard bundle game. It was stupid to put it lightly.
Except, as I've clearly stated, the entire point of the disclosure ***is to be aware of the disability.*** A visible disability is apparent and can be accounted for easily. Autism, especially on the lower end of the spectrum, is not an apparent disability. It is not something one has any reason to ASSUME a candidate has. As such any personal or behavioural quirks they have as a result of that disability, which by your own admission would place them at a disadvantage in an interview, would not reasonably be assumed to be the result of a disability which has not been disclosed. It's not anyone elses responsibility to assume you're disabled. If you have a disability which can place you at a disadvantage, speak up. Otherwise you expect what, exactly? Every employer to assume every awkward individual has a medical reason for being awkward?
And again. Social anxiety is something you can seen help with, you can speak to professionals about, ***and you can disclose on your application so that they're aware of it when you go in and can make accomodations.*** If you're aware of your problems, and you don't want them to.hold.you back, confront them, work on them, and be real about them. Doing that, youre showing all those traits employers want. If you're avoiding it and trying to hide it, don't blame others if you succeed. And if you're not aware of it at all, don't expect others to assume it in your favour. They're there to employ you, not do you a favour.
Clearly you've never tried to hire a blind bus driver. I joke, but there are many roles in which hiring someone with certain disabilities would not be suitable. That was explicitly what I was referring to. There are absolutely certain people who's autism may be severe enough that it would not allow them to work in specific settings. There's many out there who cannot work or even live independently because of the severity of their condition. Because of their pure breadth of the autistic spectrum, and knowing that the regulations in question specifically make allowances for unreasonable accomodation, I included it. It's rare, but it does happen.
Ehh, I've had no issues with the motion controls in the game. They took some getting used to, but my experience with the pokeball plus has been fine.
Not since I realised that the system registers controller position when you enter the throw screen. If you don't press a until you're in the throw position, the accuracy improves dramatically.
The citation will just be a gif of themselves in a facemask with a questionmark on it slowly shaking their head.
Everyone gets into Ninjas chat and starts talking a out other streamers they like. Those streamers then gain additional followers through word of mouth. For about an hour until twitch bans them all for advertising their favourite streamers in Ninjas chat. And Ninja bitches and moans like a spoiled child because people were talking about others and not him in HIS chat.
Nah, more like V for Vendetta but too respectful of the law to commit copyright and trademark violations.
Which explains their massive budgetary issues later on.
I think of it as an "everyone who watches a sport and can name every superstar, but not a rookie" sort of thing. Who the fuck fights with a caterpie in a real battle?
Yeah I just assumed it was a foreign base, maybe one in eastern Europe, had sent the plane over as a "send everything and anything for the relief effort" kinda deal. They air force had plenty of stocked.up equipment but needed the donated supplies from China to facilitate the airdrop.
I mean they are actually cousins, it's probably the most believable reason they could ever use.
I have never seen a hairdryer with a two-pronged plug before. Maybe at a hotel, but I don't use them much.
Flashing her nacelles? Sultry minx.
I don't disagree. But then I'm also a proud Brit. So I'm of the general opinion that our way is the right one because we were using it first.
Maybe he just means he's seen them at work but never outside of it. Like, I see bin men (garbage men) on a regular basis on the job. But ive never actually met one outside of their role.
Those over 40 lived through the time when pay was plentiful and houses were cheap. They're not having to start from scratch to pay mortgages etc, as their property values scaled with the increases. That's the wage issue in a nutshell. They can take less because they were around when that bought a lot more and actually bought it.
With 1/4 cup, how can you know without a cup with marks on it, a bunch of specifically sized cups, or just eyeballing? One scale does all your dried goods.
I love Tolkein's world building. I love his story telling. I do not love when he tries to do them both at once.
I was also more referring to the American mentality as much as accessibility. For a lot of Americans America is the centre of their universe.
He specifically means he's the first one to see this site I believe, not that nobody has ever seen a brain tree before. Also possible he's the first to see it in this spatial region, which would tag him in everyone's codex for that region.
In the UK we walk on the same side we would if we were walking along the road, rather than driving along it. feet are right-hand drive, so you can see oncoming traffic.
The book is seriously good though. I was totally engrossed in it as.an alternate history fan. Very meticulously thought out and fleshed out in a way most stories fail to manage, because he spreads so many disparate points of view through the book to give a complete picture. The fact that Romero made.so many damn zombie flicks but nobody took the concept seriously until World War Z just shows how effective he was at painting that reality.
They do when they're full of lithium ion batteries flown into a turbine spinning more than fast enough to destroy the casing on them
Well nobody is using the N word that many times in a comedy film today. Or making lynching and Klansmen jokes. It would never even approach getting made today.
Why random? Everyone should just use photos of Zucc.
Ok this keeps confusing me because you and OP both did it. Surely this is an OFF ramp, not an On Ramp. On ramp it implies that the ramp designated for getting ONTO the freeway, which would lead me to assume that OPs Drunk driver drove up an OFF ramp, onto the freeway, in order to hit a car coming head on.
Nah someone tripped his PTSD from the War.
Which is actually the reason given in Revolution: bullets were hard to come by but you can make basic gunpowder and musket balls, or crossbow bolts, easily enough. One guy was shown using hand-powered milling stuff to make himself additional ammunition for his revolver. It was just about what was logistically most feasible for the people. It's harder to make bullets than lead shot, and most old muskets were made to be abused and repaired easily in the field with basic parts.
Take a taste, it'll give you superpowers. Or ultracancer. It's a coin flip really.
She's an MP so yes, she is. She's just not a member of the Conservative controlling government.
So much like a good 95% of American representatives?
So much like a good 95% of American representatives?
Charming? Multibillionaire? Now's who's making unsubstantiated claims.
Would if she was in Anchorage at the time, tbh.
Clouds by Zach Sobiech. He died of cancer very young, that song was almost a tribute to himself sung with his closest friends, shared with the world through YouTube. It's worth listening to, and very powerful.
Bought the blu rays. Best £80 I ever spent (ATLA and ATLK). No regrets.
You can't just go by raw numbers. Trump very much picked up a significant growth in the rural working class vote, particularly in the rust belt, that offset the traditionally republican voters that he turned off by being an absolute fucking charlatan. They gave him votes in the key states he needed. You're right in that it's not some working class revolutionary voting, just that he was able to appeal to the desparate and uneducated enough to offset his losses where he needed to, to win despite being 3,000,000 votes behind Clinton overall.
[Here's Trump being blocked from trying to lift sanctions on a Russian oligarch linked directly to 2016 election interference.](https://www.politico.com/amp/story/2019/01/17/house-rebukes-trump-russia-sanctions-1108939) [Heres his administration refusing to abide by requirements set forth in the Magnitsky Act legislation that Putin so desparately wants repealed](https://www.politico.com/amp/story/2019/05/06/democrats-trump-russia-sanctions-1306340) But I know your ilk, it doesn't matter if these show your God Emperor being as lenient as he possibly can with Russia, if they don't directly addressed your exact wording you'll ignore any relation to the topic, so here. [Here's Trump refusing to enact legally mandated sanctions against Russia that were required as a result of a Bill he passed: he literally passed a bill then refused to complete his own required duties in order for its consequences to take effect.](https://www.cnbc.com/2018/01/30/passing-on-sanctions-trump-goes-even-softer-on-russia-than-expected.html)
Early on there was a "glitch" that made the basic rifle the most powerful in the game. That's how fucked up the dynamic levelling is, that if you used it in the correct way it was more effective than anything else. And this wasn't a "do xyz and the damage skyrockets past what was intended" this was completely a "because of how they made scaling work, the numbers on this weapon are just fucky at higher levels because they fucked up the scaling althogether."
Okay, no, but I think we can all agree murdering your OWN citizens without due process is the opposite of what modern governments are meant to do. Other countries citizens are other countries problems.
Oh, sorry, I forgot the 100,000 plus French troops evacuated turned down the boats and swam over instead.
I'm saying that you can fight yourselves to the beach of France as much as you want, but you've still gotta get off the damn beach. Pretending that thousands of British men didn't grab every fucking boat they had available, cross the channel to ferry 300,000 men, 1/3 of which were French, to safety, does those men a disservice.
Not gonna lie. I'd have it installed.
But that in itself raises the question about what MAKES us good? Is it only.good to be naturally good, or can you have good qualities acquired from experience rather than natural empathy? A good example is the trope about modern American Conservatives flip flopping on LGBT rights when one of their family turns out to be LGBT. Does being wrong admitting it, and changing your position because you've learned from personal experience rather than hypothetical empathy somehow make your new positive trait less valuable? Does it cheapen it? SHOULD it cheapen it? The same thing can be asked about Snape. Would he still be a loyal death eater if Lily had lived? Yeah. Probably would. Because his personal experiences would have been drastically altered. I think there are definitely parts of the books, such as the Mudblood bit, that show he did grow and understand what made these things wrong. I don't think we can always expect that to be from natural empathy, but to tell people that learning from personal experience to be a better person isn't equally "good" innately devalues any attempts people make to do so. TL;Dr Snape grew towards being good through learning from personal experience rather than innate nicety or desire to be good. That doesn't make him a good person outright but it's not fair to say he didn't do good things because of how he learned to do them.
With bans he definitely has uses. Border external wall, ban Thatcher and they will struggle to destroy a high electroclaw; they need either a Twitch drone or IQ to dick around in the main entrance long enough to shoot it through the floor. Random shotguns or nades won't destroy it. I use a similar strat for Clubhouse Construction Tunnel: reinforce and place a barbed wire, electrify all three. It's very very difficult to get the twitch drone shot without the drone dying, it forces a Thatcher being ran, which you can ban out.
This is where I thought of. Somewhere with those wildly.coloured hotsprings would do it.
Geekism video confirmed he saw it live in a visit to Frontier: they can place parts plank by plank and the animals can understand how to interact with it. Same for weather. The game recognises the rain shadow of custom-placed pieces and classes it as "cover". A custom built overhand will act as a place for the chimps to hide from rain.
I'm normally the same, when I first heard of Planet Zoo I started looking for news and found Geekism. Can't talk to their other stuff but he's been pretty clear about what's theoretical and hoped for and what we can see in leaks or what he's personally seen during his Frontier visit. I'd recommenda watch for a good breakdown of news without the ridiculous OTT personalities or rumour-hyping of most games content creators.
I'd say this is probably accurate. I'd envision an expansion DLC that expanded the range of enclosures to included netted areas for flighted birds.
You say that, but if it's the 11th hour for them, a solution that WORKS in the 11th hour wouldnt come from an early-resolved simulation. We might still be a positive result!
Even if you add the stipulation it's easily worked around. Set up a British Virgin Islands or Panama company in the name of some unrelated but close friend. Gift the money to the company, with a contractual stipulation that the entire company is ceded to you provided you perform X action on Y date, after the cutoff. On the date and time specified, you own no company, no.stock, no money. You then complete the required action and gain total control of the billion, and you've also laundered it into a low taxation company that you can use to spend on yourself however you please, much how it was detailed the elite are doing in the Panama Papers.
Britain: V for Vendetta Dystopia or Victorian Renaissance Steampunk. Could go either way right now.
Supermarkets are the last place that want a plastic that can't survive getting wet. There's one or two uses, I don't deny that. But a serious attraction the plastic is the fact it is durable and doesn't react to water. That's what they're looking for in packaging.
In any other film I'd agree with you. But in this film that's the entire point. You've got a world as surreal as this, with a straight man as hard nosed as Korben Dallas, the only real foil that works for that once Leeloo begins to work with and understand him is someone as over the top flamboyant as Ruby Rhod.
You don't generally remove the entire colon, generally a length that's causing issues. It's likely he wasn't removing the area that the appendix is attached to, but grabbed the appendix too because the inevitable result of the experience would be appendicitis down the line.
Yeah the bigger issue was that he had a pretty rock solid case for needing to be on that flight, as he was due to perform surgery. They ran a risk of having all sorts of further PR disasters thrown at them, if, say, a patient died because he had been made unavailable by them.after disclosing the issue to the airline, etc.
It's a lot cheaper when you have to actively struggle to be more than half.an hour away from a large river, lake, canal or shoreline. We're Britain. If there's two things we are good at, it's boats and dragging people ashore against their will.
Nah, 66% then. His wife is clearly his Russian Handler.
I agree with a lot of what you've said, but I think a lot of what you're putting down to CNN painting Trump as the devil comes down more to reality than some painted picture. FOX painted Obama as some baby eating devil immigrant. But objectively while Obama was no Saint, it's hard to argue he didn't work for and try to represent all Americans in what he did and how he acted. His actions or words weren't politically divisive, he fostered positive relations abroad, and tried to be a president that both sides could work with. The problem was the GOP and FOX were already moving towards where they are now: demonise the other, deify their own. Trump, on the other hand, makes no attempt represent both sides. He makes no attempt to work across parties, he's failed to make any positive impact on the world stage, and has categorically helped to seed the division that exists in American politics. Democrats may crucify him for what he's doing in power, but the divide stems from the right, not the left.
Yes but you started all this by arguing with someone who stated they do the opposite in big chains such as subway where they charge a flat rate. They DONT follow Gregg's pricing so he acts differently. You started arguing about him not understanding how VAT works because he actually DOES and changes his habits to match. In short, Gregg's aren't pocketing it, but others are and he pointed out how he avoids them doing so.
No, vast majority use it in their right. Using a mouse is a non-intuitive skill and most desks are set up mice-right. Most learn to use a computer that way and carry it forward. Which is also why proper left-handed gaming mice basically don't exist. It's probably something like 1-3% of users actually use their left hands for the mouse. And it's a fucking nightmare using normal keyboard controls if you do so. Source: embittered left-handed gamer who recently bought a new mouse. RIP Razer Naga LH edition.
Was effectively a Fitbit that couldn't read through darker skin. Was definitely not intentional either.
Why do you think that is? Because you'd grab your drink with your right hand, while you'd use that hand to butter bread, so it goes non dominant. It's just etiquette reinforcing right supremacist history.
Logitech G13 Keypad. Made my life so much easier.
I remember rounders in school. I specifically remember the bowler on the opposing team turning around and shouting for them all to move over because he was really pissed after the second time I smacked that fucker into oblivion and there was.nobody even floating near the middle to grab it.
Steam does larger splits based on sales volume now though. And still has to deal with the reality that they have tens of thousands of games available that are niche, or just crap, or even gems that likely never would have gotten any sort of attention for how good they are without something like Steam and their fairly relaxed store requirements existing.
You say that as if taxes don't exist. People give up wealth on a daily basis. Some people even get that wealth forcibly removed from them by force on a daily basis. Some, shockingly, even INCREASE their wealth and property through illegal or immoral acts. Your rights to wealth and property are sociological. None of this god given, intrinsic, inalienable bullshit. There's no wider political support internationally for the intrinsic human right to horde wealth or be vastly wealthier than average. That right is instilled and enforced on a by-territory basis. And it can be removed as such if the people of those territories will it so. At which point said seizure is entirely legal because you're failing to adapt to the newly elected communist society mandated by the majority. We don't need the approval of all to do... Well, anything really. Most places don't. Just the approval of most.
Rural America and other third world nations still grip onto an intrinsic world view of the inferiority of women. Most of the western world has come to rely more on empirical data, which shows that under our current schooling methods, girls almost invariably outperform boys in most academic subjects, given other variables are accounted for. Gender has a measurable effect on the efficacy of teaching methods, with girls as a group performing better in modern schools than boys do. They have experienced year on year growth for academic achievement, to the point girls make up almost 60% of total higher education places. In other words, where people value education and science, women are measurably doing better. Where they maintain traditional values, women are still sufficiently disenfranchised that men retain superiority overall.
Here's the problem you face: &gt;Actual feminists, not the nutcases you see on cringe compilations. Language doesn't work like that. They identify as feminists. If you choose to identify as a feminist, when both the word itself is inaccurate AND others with ideas both radically divergent from your own, and more closely mirror the literal meaning of the phrase, use it to identify themselves, you're choosing to share that association. It's like Christians who claim other Christian denominations "aren't real Christians". It's bullshit. You're choosing to use that description, and when you do it's on you to be aware of how others choose to view that identity based on its associations overall. You're choosing a word to represent yourself, and suffer the consequences of choosing one others you don't support also use. Other people have coopted the description you're familiar with using. The fight for that word has already been lost. At that point you've got a choice: fight to somehow take back that word, which you can't do if you keep giving people shit for showing a more modern understanding of the word than you are, or else find a better word. Feminism keeps trying to do the former, badly. I totally agree with your positions, about the stigmatisation of toxic masculinity not being anti-masculine overall, about many feminists being supportive of equality not superiority. But the movement needs to adapt or die to the extremists, some of which are even in this thread, that don't want to even acknowledge that men also have problems.
I feel like a big part of the issue here is that most of the things you'd consider masculine that ARENT toxic are now being shat on because women can do them too. Masculine used to be about being headstrong, or being good with your hands, being a provider, building something, working on it with your own sweat and effort. I'm not saying women can't or shouldn't do these things. What I am saying is that they were considered masculine. Calling them that now is ALSO sexist. I guess the question is: what aspects of masculinity aren't toxic, and aren't sexist to call masculine? This is the real question I'd love to see a self-described feminist answer. And I don't say that as some sort of anti-feminism troll, just because I'm curious what the position is from someone who considers themselves a feminist.
I'm not disagreeing with you at all, but I'd rush to point out that the problem is everyone one of those role models are Superheros. They're "other", they're beyond what normal people are. They give us something to strive for, they're role models, but that's because they are so much more unique. That's useful. It's a thing women need more of too, that women can be super too. The problem is when you learn you're NOT super, that superheros don't really exist. At that point, what you need are role models that *aren't* exceptional. That aren't rich or powerful, but can be good parents, good fathers. They're the ones that are much harder to find now. It's all well and good seeing how to be Batman, but how do you become a good father with no good fatherhood figures to learn from? This gets even worse with the growth of split families with absentee fathers. Not having male role models around IS damaging to young men. It doesn't need to be THEIR father. But we could certainly do with more of them. I think in this regard it's worse now than it used to be. The 90s did have some, like Uncle Phil, or Hal in Malcolm in the Middle, that come to me just off the top of my head. But I struggle to think of modern answers to them.
The issue is that while the Duluth model was installed by the patriarchy, it remains because it has support from radical feminists. It's an issue divisive within feminism, so it won't be addressed to avoid splitting the group.
Yeah, and people who have an issue with you saying "sorry, no clue." Are idiots. But if your response to a question you should at least understand what they're asking is ". . ." Then you deserve ridicule until your hamster warms the wheel up sufficiently.
A fair assumption would be that this operator would coincide with the new deployable shield design that clips to doorframes. Which is why it would be more likely to work as he says: canister on the front that spreads fire forwards only.
You're generalising a bit with your claims, but you're not wrong to highlight that it does seem there's a measurable gender bias in teaching, in favour of female students, that's having a measurable and fairly significant impact on male students. Pretty interesting study actually.
The impression I got was more that whatever quick failsafe they had couldn't be guaranteed to work with Nokk, so switching out hers and Wardens gadgets was safer than giving them bugged gadgets that might lead to them being disabled right after release.
Yeah, three course meal with a pizza buffet for the evening. All authentic Italian stuff with meat skewers and Italian sausage in buns. I'd marry her anyway, got no problem with being married. Can't wait. The *wedding* on the other hand... The pizza is helping. That's all I'm saying.
And you don't think any of the crew would've immediately reported a literal missile being fired at the ship? Yeah we're supposedly getting reports from the captain about his crew seeing things flying toward the ship? I think a missile is a fairly... Straight forward description.
Applies to a lot of places right now. ***Cries in Brexit.***
And the rest of the Western world. Iraq got a coalition of the willing. You'll get no such thing easily against Iran. Without some sort of direct, provable, undeniable attack against ourselves, you'll get rioting in the streets of London if the UK government tried to drag us into a war.
Won't happen. Without a literal attack on the UK by provable Iranian influence, you'd get rioting in London if this government tried to take us into an American war. Especially now. You've gotta realise that barely half the country even want to leave the EU. The rest of us are already pretty fucking incensed. They tried to add a war to this, it would be the breaking point. The current government knows they're on life support. They know the country is going to get worse before it gets better if they actually carry Brexit through. Theyre not going to risk having to fund another war to further American interests, especially if it means the legitimate risk of all-out riots in at least four major cities.
I wouldn't have even said Grenfell. I'd have just said a more global charity than a single hospital. Something that represents the universal appeal of NMS.
I mean, there's plenty of men out there who are well aware it's a fucking terrible idea to try and physically assault someone bigger and stronger than they are. It's not about whether they can toe to toe. It doesn't take much to cause someone a serious injury to certain places, particularly eyes or brain. Giving anyone a pass to hit others out of anything less than self-defence is foolish, regardless of perceived strength. Don't hit anyone unless you're fully prepared for them to hit you back.
Dude, serious advice: no savings need to be attached to a card number nowadays. It's not hard to transfer money between accounts quickly with phones etc. Keep savings for large events or purchases totally separate and somewhere you actually have to go through the bank either online or by phone to access. It saves a lot of worry and grief.
And assumed European. Boris must be fucking seething right now. He's trying to focus on becoming PM but some people still keep calling us European no matter what he tries to stop it!
Nope. Live action show on Netflix being produced by the original creators though!
100% toph should've been Dave Bautista.
Would still do it, no regrets. As long as I get to choose the pizza there's an endless variety of options. There's plenty of times I don't want to eat certain types of pizza but I doubt I'd ever not be able to pick one.
Except the choice ultimately comes down to party insiders in the US as well. You still have to register with a political party to vote on candidate choices. Trump chose to campaign for the Republican ticket, the party ultimately chose his nomination over nominating other Republican candidates because he acquired sufficient support within their base. Same happens in the British model. The current race is having its candidates whittled down by the MPs of the party, but the final vote still goes to Conservative party members. If there was a candidate who could command serious support among party members, the party elders would commit suicide trying to block them. The bigger issue with the British system is that this shit happens ***without a general election.*** We shouldn't be allowing our head of state to be decided halfway through an election cycle. And especially not with all the shit currently going on around Brexit.
As someone else said, it depends entirely on how far you can stretch the phrase "single subject". You could always have explicit exemptions that are considered singular. Particularly for something like budgeting, a regular occurrence in a known timeframe. Formalise the timeframe, make a law explicitly allowing X individual or their nominated second etc (whoever normally formally proposes the budget in the US) propose a pre-determined and distributed budget as a singular Bill with a singular vote as to whether or not this budget as laid out in X text is approved.
Was in 2002. Story checks out, or you just searched out a random Wikipedia article about deaths of ride workers, but I'm willing to give the benefit of the doubt for this one. Hope you both sought help after that.
De facto. You don't invite the queen to political conferences. Everyone knows where the power lies.
Or my parents and others like them just love us more and appreciate that their role doesn't ever really stop, and that's the nurturing attitude they want to instill in their children to pass forward to future generations. Either or.
Fair enough, when I'm wrong I'm wrong.
Got about 20 minutes in before Captain Canada started threatening more and it cut away realising that he and his friend were pretty obviously thriving on the fighting and blowing their "we are soooo innocent" cover. Much like he did by grabbing at their countershroud.
You can land one super easily, sure. I'm not denying that. But you also can't deny that no matter how often you can do it perfectly, that number is not 100%. You will occasionally fuck up. Everyone does, because life isn't perfect. You also can't deny that if you fuck up that jump 10m high, it's a lot riskier and more dangerous than it would be fucking up the jump at ground level. And that's kind of my point. The only complexity that goes into the things you do is the same as any other sport. It's not better or more scientific. You're gymnasts. I get it. But nobody pretends gymnasts don't get fucking hurt sometimes, doing things theyve done properly a thousand times before.
And yet when that representative dies, retires, or loses their seat for legal reasons, we hold another election to determine who should hold that seat. It doesn't remain with the party. The Prime Minister is representative of the whole country, a driving force behind the commanding party. See my other comment for a full answer, but I believe we have passed the point where the power and influence concentrated within the Premiership is sufficient to require the people as a whole have a new say as to how they feel about a party under a completely different leadership, especially when that leadership has control of the country at large.
At least with Bernie you've got 80 years of consistency. He hasn't sold out. He hasn't been scandalous. He isn't out to make money for himself because he knows he's not gonna use much of it. His only arrest is from a civil rights sit in back in the 60s.
It's definitely cock. Poopy makes no sense in the context, pretty clearly a dub word to cover the sexual connotations in America.
You don't think people can be bankrupted by loot boxes? One of the few forms of gambling where the outcome doesn't have translateable real currency value? You're an idiot then. People already have been pushed that far by them.
Loving the casual sexism at the end there, good job.
Yknow how as people age they can often become senile, more prone to Alzheimer's or dimensia? I have a theory that as the average age of a self-determined groups membership trends upwards, the more the collective position mimics those symptoms. Almost like the group's core beliefs inherit the diseases its members are most prone to.
Okay, after a reasonable deep dive into this sub: 1) they're serious. 2) ***holy fucking shitballs.*** Seek help people. Seek help.
So is every game you ever owned. By that argument you should never buy anything because all eventually turns to dust. I'm not even saying it's worth pre-ordering at this point, just that this is a really shitty argument against it.
Not but there ARE necessary cosmetic surgeries. This is a list of pricing for non-necessary surgeries on the NHS. An NHS that isn't just underfunded but understaffed. They're letting people who don't have a need pay upfront to cut ahead and get that treatment anyway, using NHS resources that others with actual need, not want, then don't have available to them. If the NHS is only about providing needed services and not unnecessary cosmetics, they shouldn't be offering an option to pay to use NHS services. At that point it is absolutely a pay to play system. Even if you NEED it, youre getting beaten to the punch by someone who WANTS it and has cash to burn. That's not what the NHS was made for. It's not what universal healthcare is meant to be about.
The way you pan for gold is pretty specific, in that generally due to the heaviness of gold particles, you want to produce a stream of water that carries sediment, but is slow enough to drop the gold suspended in the stream on a tray. You do that by essentially having a row of bumps like these on a long tray. As water passes over each stage it begins to decrease in energy, slowly depositing different layers of sediment across the different sections of the tray. You're looking for the glimmer of small particles of gold within one of the sediment layers to work out whether any gold is actually present in the stream. I learnt all this watching a BBC Four documentary about colours two nights ago. It's weird how quickly that came up.
Back in my day you made a torch with a stout stick, a rag soaked in paraffin and a match. Now they're buying garden ornaments at fucking Walmart, and think they're the superior race... Jeeeezus.
Also, making an off-site punch hole in a wall and pop it there. I do it at the back of Consulate Garage as it's a common spot to sit in and watch site.
Make it so they can't move but it covers them at least as well as a lesion trap. Maybe as well as an echo drone as long as they stand still and turn slowly. They have indicators for that stuff on Glaz now so it wouldn't be new tech.
More than half of them will take Brexit over the corpse of their own party if that's what it takes. Anything except Corbyn being PM is just collateral damage.
No, but whenever you need to work it out, you can picture yourself in a cars driving seat and go from there. It's all spatial recognition. Picture yourself in a familiar space you can orient in, and extrapolate to the situation.
I mean, you can be an asshole and still be morally grey. That's where the grey part comes in. There's a line and he chose not to cross it. He was undoubtedly an asshole but he wasn't torturing kids on the sly or even reminiscing about it like Filch. He was just a general douchebag to everyone except his favourites. And even his favourites he was barely warm to.
Often if someone is that far gone they've no awareness of their surroundings. He wouldn't have noticed the crowd unless someone broke his concentration. That's the moment the danger is at its peak. So they could easily have done exactly that and still had to subdue him.
Well the first step of any IDF plan now involves not telling Trump about it. So there's that.
Maybe once. Now it's rapidly degenerating into a USA Vs Iran while the rest of us hang our heads in our hands asking how the fuck it came back to this *again.*
We aren't publicly backing Iran on this one issue. Not one of the European countries is in doubt that America has been trying to provoke Iran since the Nuclear Deal went sideways. The blame for that has been laid solely at America's door, and all of this is being seen as a form of continuation/escalation that's being extremely American led.
He was in a British Glider regiment. They flew gliders over the channel before the push and landed men behind the lines to sabotage, cut supply lines etc etc. Yknow the part in Band of Brothers where they fly over and airdrop troops? Same plan, but the British also landed glider planes instead of just paratroopers.
Awkward for your grandparents I'd imagine.
Sadly my grandfather died when I was younger, he wasn't of good health unfortunately.
Except they don't care. They don't care if that seat is occupied or not as long as it's paid for. They aren't gonna have to move someone else in that seat or lose them altogether, because if they did, they'll have to refund whoever already DID pay for that seat in full. And that money they WONT get back, because it's already bound to that specific flight, being an additional seat for someone actually on the plane. So it's more.cost effective for them to allow the comfort seat and fly a lighter plane than it is to refund for another paying passenger.
Everything you've said is correct, but the problem is your not treating OPs second seat as what it is: OPs seat. He has two but he still has the exact same rights over that seat regardless of anything else. So if you try and put someone else in that seat you'd have to remove OP from the flight or refund him. If you remove him you're going to pay everything for the single seat PLUS everything for the second seat he has. In other words, bumping is irrelevant. If they want to use OPs seat for another passenger he is entitled to a full refund, because otherwise they have to bump BOTH seats.
Could always make it external only, and have it dropped and autodeployed as a drone: use the gadget, laser target a window, and the drone drops a ladder and the ladder rolls up and attaches. Keeps the deployer away from the window to make it so you can't kill him during deployment.
Frankly I think the EU would end up agreeing to it. They'll reach some sort of deal that allows Scotland to inherit the position of the United Kingdom on the basis that the Scottish people have a devolved government already, overwhelming majority voted to remain, and they're effectively EU citizens being stripped of that right without their choice or consent. The EU will pass some sort of exemption clause to keep them in the fold, if only because the resulting Scottish nation will act as a massive Fuck You to the English as the economy goes into free fall.
Not massively. Remain vote in Scotland was very much influenced by the fact that IndyRef made a point of Scotland needing to reapply for EU membership if they leave the Union. It was a key talking point for the Remain side of IndyRef. In the same vein, there will be Leavers who don't want to leave the EU at the expense of the breakup of the United Kingdom who would change their vote, which can't be ignored.
Because we all remember that one crazy romantic moment in romance films where he cups her face gently, and whispers to her "may I please kiss you?" I'm not saying life is always like the movies, and I'm not saying dude didn't totally misread a situation. But trying to make it out as forceful or aggressive isnt called for.
I love how since their main subs got gutted, they've gotten gradually more specific over time. Wasn't there some clown-meme based alt-right sub banned last week? It's just amazing how far the rabbit hole goes.
Yep. I promised myself I'd never support Lib Dems for fucking over students. Now... I voted Green for Local/EU elections, and I'll likely vote Lib Dems or Green come a general. I'm a long time Labour safe seat, but I can't see my as elf supporting them as long as Remain has a heartbeat.
I mean, I'm not trying to hate on pensioners, but they're something like 1/3 of the annual budget? The govt under May created a triple locked pension guarantee while slicing everything else to the bone.
I saw that on my weather app this morning. 23° in my city in the UK at noon, it was already 23° going up to 35° in Cologne. Good thing you've got a solid range of refreshing lagers to keep you going. Best of luck out there!
Ron got distracted by his dead brother, Hermione by Ron.
I disagree. I feel like banner used to be fairly sardonic, pretty dry sense of humour, and was a pretty uptight and kinda dreary individual at times. Hulk on the other hand is pretty laid back, he likes to joke, and he can form good friendships with people. He just has serious anger management issues. Something Banner had to spend years controlling and learning to manage. So when you combine the two, you don't get a Banner on edge, because Banner had to learn to control himself a long time ago. He wouldn't show his anger. You do get a more light-hearted and cheery Banner, which I think a lot of people just put down to him not having to fear hulking out anymore, but is actually the influence of him integrating part of Hulk into his own personality.
I think Trump would've also been a major factor. I think having seen the growing tide of isolationist politics in the US wouldve definitely caused more people to hesitate on voting to leave the EU in the current climate.
Woah woah woah hold the fuck up. We are getting new Pro League skins? Hallelujah. I'm missing people I want the damn skins for. Really irks me they were time specific because I missed some by two days...
Mine are meant to be, but sadly not so much. I'm off nights permanently in six weeks so it's not worth me buying them anymore. I should've invested about three years ago though...
Man, first my Swampletics Approved shirt arrives, now this? It's a good week.
I mean, I kind of expect that to be the point of the whole "balance of powers" thing. If a portion of the legislature actively refused to even give a vote on an issue by refusing to attend and do their jobs, who's job is it to make them comply? Either the judiciary or the executive. I'd jmagine it should be the judiciary, but then doesn't there need to be crime in place to actually charge them with for that to happen? The question is pretty simply: is it within the governor's purview to enact this action, from a legal standpoint? If it is, then he's doing nothing wrong.
It's a sub of memes that really do push the boundaries of dark humour. It pops up on r/all from time to time. I would be lying if I said some of their stuff wasn't funny of very dark, but I've no experience of the community beyond that. Now I'm curious what IM tagged with...
Nah I managed at least 5. I made it a personal challenge to make very balanced, inoffensive comments to try and go against the grain or provide factual information without blatantly calling them out. I didn't last long but made it more than 5. Probably less than 20 tbh.
Dammit, you got me, my kink is people degrading themselves intellectually.
I mean, the world is warming up, animals are dying by the millions choking on plastic, and there's children in concentration camps across the US. But apart from that. I'm not gonna /s but you get my drift. Everything's not fine but we should all just take it one day at a time and not lose ourselves in the process.
Ehh, I'm British. I come here, get the American leftist spin, and that's pretty analogous to a centrist spin in the rest of the world XD
Makes them easier to avoid.
You're way too good at this. How the hell did you deliberately type so many terrible comments with such appalling grammar? Did you have to shower afterwards to feel clean again?
Worth noting it's established that Zoidberg is actually one of the best alien doctors in the universe. It's just in this context alien means "non-human" in terms of his clientele, not his own species. He puts up with all their shit because he's genuinely good natured and owes a life debt to Farnsworth.
The later 3-parters were all the mid-season break episodes. And I actually quite liked the nature documentary one XD
Well you should. Fucking rebels break away from the crown, next thing you know they're beating you at cricket and not knowing what a radiator is. Terrible.
Nah, it's like how you can defend one belt while not contesting another in wrestling. The belt is a standard championship belt, World's is more like King of the Ring; you don't keep fighting for it after you win.
Well he isn't exactly going to side against his partner with her mother regardless of whose house it is, is he? That doesn't necessarily mean he's actively involved in the argument. OP just detailed whose side he's on.
Pretty high, Christmas has just been and they're a common cracker or stocking stuffer.
Not necessarily, if you think about how they'd program such a machines it would seek a traveller trying to cross the current time period, stop them, then stop working for like, a second, then stop the next one it encountered, just kinda working its way through anyone crossing that time period one at a time. Think of it more like a toll booth: everyone wanting to get on that road goes through it, but they will encounter the booth at different times based in the rate of process of other users.
I'm... Not? I'm trying to correct OPs interpretation of that?
Can't speak for him, but as someone who doesn't give a fuck about his wife's body hair, I'd eat my own goddamn body hair as part of the meal if the ratio was low enough and the food tasty enough. This guy is just a weird asshole.
I think you make the most valid point here, frankly. In a vacuum, I agree with OPs boyfriend. There is a benefit to plastic surgery to make functional or practical things which aren't; cleft pallettes, breast reductions, breast augmentation for cancer sufferers and so on. Then there's the category that OP had had done; cosmetic surgeries done purely to increase aesthetic value. I don't generally approve of them, I think they're tacky, sad, and show an inability to accept yourself as a person worth living without pretending something so worthless and inconsequential as your outward appearance is something it isn't. They're fake. However, OP didn't get her surgeries without the extremely abusive and manipulative input of her mother. I entirely agree OP is a victim of abuse. In this regard, she is NTA. However, I don't necessarily think her boyfriend is an asshole for failing to immediately recognise that her surgeries are a result of this abuse, rather than feeling the instinctual feeling they are fake and her failure to mention them a symptom of abuse, rather than a desire to deceive; this is neither a common form of abuse, nor something he could reasonably be expected to assume if she doesn't want to discuss her abuse. While she is well within her rights not to, it does put a different perspective onto his initial reaction.
The thing is in many other countries outside of the US this already happened with Public Transport. The reality is that if you're somewhere like Europe and you own a car, it's because you rely on the availability of that car, and that won't change with a car share any more than it does with the likes of taxis. We have had taxis for centuries, they're still not the perfect solution. People still want their car available to them at all times, they want to be able to store stuff in their car across multiple journeys, use it for work, etc.
They're not there to stop the widespread fire as a whole. More to try and direct and manage the spread to try and save key areas, ie populated ones. Sometimes the only way to do that is literally stand along the edge of that area and keep putting the damn thing out as best you can until everything else is so burned out there's a fire-made buffer between the population centre and anything remotely flammable; everything that could burn already has.
But realistically why shouldn't he? The biggest issue is that the worth is simply a cash value assigned to something he created. He built Amazon from the ground up, the company worth is only such because we as a society value the services it provides, and he holds a large portion of the shares in the company. He doesn't have tens of.billions kicking about in an account, he had a fuckton of Amazon shares as the bulk, occasionally sells some off to diversify what he owns, sure, but I don't think the likes of Bezos are really the ones we should be getting annoyed at. Same goes for Zuckerberg, Gates, pretty much anyone who built a company and made their fortune off of its success. They didn't just get paid absurd amounts for doing nothing, they built a business whose value skyrocketed because market forces driven by the consumer placed greater and greater value on them. Now whether their kids should inherit such an absurd amount is another question altogether. But they themselves have that money because they made one thing that turned into a huge deal, and theres nothing inherently wrong with that.
In the UK, assault and battery are separate offences. Assault is to cause the fear of immediate unwanted physical contact, and can be charged without the presence of any physical contact itself.
Put simply, it's only worth more because the others who worked on the company were compensated in the manner both parties deemed acceptable. Some who get into these companies early made out like bandits too, you just don't know them because they're not company faces. Some will have been compensated early on with stock, others will have taken cold hard cash and lost out on the significant growth, but the owner of the company primarily making a huge amount based purely on the stock value of the company they started and headed for years, it's perfectly legitimate to say that the other guys only worked on it because he recruited them to do so. He was essential in that role.
But what I'm trying to make clear to you is that the reason behind the legality is NOT how the threat is delivered, ie being made via the internet, but the viability of that threat, which is an important distinction to make. The statement "you can't assault someone over the internet" is factually false. You can assault someone over the internet, it's just harder to do. I've given you an example of such already. A threat made using the internet, while still within sufficient proximity to make that threat a viable reality, should still readily be accepted as assault in the US.
Read the rest of this thread. Assault is not a physical action in England or the US, that's battery. The assault itself is the imposition of a feeling of imminent unwanted physical contact, in both jurisdictions, so yes, threats made found to be considered imminently credible are assault in basically any part of the world with an English-based legal system.
And as I've said, repeatedly, ***there is no reason making a threat over the internet means you aren't present to carry out that threat. They are not mutually exclusive concepts.*** If you stand in front of me and tell me you're going to kill me and show me a gun, that's assault. If you WhatsApp me the exact same message while stood in front of me, showing me a gun, that's ALSO ASSAULT. But the threat was still made over the internet, because THE INTERNET ITSELF HAS NO BEARING ON THE CASE, THE PROXIMITY OF THE THREAT DOES.
Meanwhile you fill out your responses with two to three words to try and avoid actually making any committal to an answer. Because you have none, you're an idealogue with no actual solutions, just a rage against the system that you're not on top of.
Given I'm neither conservative nor American, your latter point only serves to highlight your own biases. I have no issue with taxing the shit out of the money they make as income. I have no issues with taxing them heavily on capital gains, or even beyond that for gains made annually. I simply object to trying to drag back down people whose success was made because we decided they had made something we place value on. It's immoral and deceptive for us to entirely change the system and punish them for a success made possible by us. The law should never be retrospective.
1) OP stated he was a bad man. The opposite of what you're claiming. 2) It was to start a war because it was a clear and intentional provocation of Iran by targeting one of their own men in a third country. He wasn't part of some fringe militant group; regardless of what he did, he did it as a member of the Iranian military, and while yes, that does mean they share a hand in whatever he can be proven to have done, it also means an attack on him is a direct attack on Iranian personnel, which is never undertaken without expectation of retaliation. Doesn't matter where you are or what you accuse him of, even if he's a bad man, attacking a senior military member of a foreign country is more than enough grounds for a declaration of war, or else a retaliation in kind which you can then use to justify your own declaration.
Read the rest of the thread, but frankly no, you're wrong. Ive given a clear example of why this is the case further on, but in short, using the internet and proximity of threat are not mutually exclusive.
Generally speaking, interest is charged based on risk. Sometimes it's not in the banks best interest to invest in government bonds, but rather to keep that capital in circulation in other ways. There's a lot more to look at on their books than just how much interest they make on that amount, because it's not being dealt with in isolation from their other business interests. Generally speaking banks aren't out to help people, they're out to make a profit, so whether it's something long-term or we just can't see the benefit to it they do, there's no reason to doubt that it's there
Sounds like froopyland all over again.
Because being Pro-Shah anti-British is kinda like being a vegetarian butcher You claim to hate it, but you support it nonetheless. It's a hypocritical and counterintuitive point of view, and betrays OPs biases being driven by his family background. In reality OP is an American who's parents, as supporters of the Shah, likely made money from his regime and now live a much better lifestyle abroad than he would have been afforded had they stayed after his fall. And his opinions very much display that bias.
I mean, I used to deal with surprise confrontations for a living, and I take a rather sadistic pleasure in winding people up by being nice and chipper and polite while telling them shit they don't want to hear and is just gonna make them more annoyed, so I can certainly see someone else doing this if winding her up after she tried to add a bunch of shit to your bill.
It hasn't occurred to me until now that despite everything going on leading up to the general election and my general distaste for Johnson, and low morale about the state of politics in the UK as a whole, at least I can comfortably say Boris didn't try to start a war with Iran, despite actually having the opportunity to if he kicked up a fuss over his absolute fuckup of the detained teacher he put in the shit.
Oooh I didn't know he was doing the voice. Hyped even more now
Ie who he wants to be. Just as Dumbledore wants Grindelwald to be who he once was, but now, as opposed to just being his younger self.
Yes but before they have offspring this generation die from heat exhaustion, that's his point. They've been bred to the point they need care and trying to release an animal of that nature into the wild is just condemning it to a long slow death.
Maybe read the full comment chain before chiming in. OP was responding to the idea of releasing currently captive sheep to interbreed with wild sheep and breed out the excessive coat genes. OP was correctly making the point that this particular idea in response to PETA's belief isnt practical, because the captive sheep would not be able to survive wild for long enough to reproduce in their current state, so wouldn't interbreed. So yeah, read the full thing next time. It's a perfectly related point.
I'm saying that once we bred them into existence, "allowing" them to breed out of existence is as much a choice or action as continuing to do so. Which is why I consider the responsible thing to be continue breeding them, hopefully with more of a focus on balancing their health and their utility.
You breed over time for a combination of extremely long hair, AND shedding at a length before it becomes damaging to them. Think the difference between long-haired and short-haired dogs or cats. Sufficient that they can still be sheered annually as we do now, but if they were to go much longer they'd begin to shed naturally. With modern genetics we could likely reach that balance to have an animal that could shed naturally if left much longer than we normally would before shearing. I have no problem with a reduction in profit. I have a problem with the illusion that something entirely unprofitable is ever going to be a realistic goal to get society to move towards out of some decision that animals must all be free and without human care.
I'm almost certain she had that ball on her when she saw Maureen in her final scene. The ball the robot then found along with her bandana. I get the feeling she's onboard with the kid and she's gonna start some sort of Lord of the Flies type of thing, stirring up the kids to form factions, one for her one against.
They didn't destroy a section of the resolute. They jettisoned it with improvised explosive decouplers, cutting it free of the ship. It was this section of ship orbiting the planet they subsequently crashed into. The organism was also found dormant in an extremely deep underground aquifer, and only that one, their earlier collected water from two previous wells was untainted, so it's not unlikely the robots may not even be aware of the presence of the organism. An organism which, before someone beats me to it, can likely survive the vaccum of space, otherwise that would've been a very simple method of cleaning their current supply.
I've seen footage of a rather large midair fireball which shed additional firey mass midair. That isn't crashing with an engine on fire, that's an entire plane being engulfed in flames on its way down.
He was given a prosthetic, not a replacement. Until that prosthetic is as capable as his actual leg was, he's disabled compared to how he was before.
It's also not "crash landed with an engine on fire" if the whole damn thing is on fire. If something came away from the craft midair, which it did, an explosion isn't an unreasonable assumption.
It gets better. For years the Sun used to run a holiday competition: get these tokens from us and get a £9.50 caravan holiday! I worked at a shop just outside Liverpool, and helped with the newspapers. Our normal newspaper take was a few hundred of everything. Except the Sun. For the sun we ordered 3. It was basically one or two outsiders to the area who still read it from living elsewhere, nobody else would touch it. Until that holiday promotion started. Then suddenly we would sell 100-150 of them whenever they had a coupon in, because every fucker would buy it just long enough to get the tokens, and fob them off again. I don't know how much that promotion cost them in Liverpool, but I can guarantee they didn't make a profit on it around here.
I don't even give a fuck about red or blue, but the fucking traffic is bad enough without another fucking open top bus tour.
"Can you comfortably walk X distance unaided. Unaided in this context means without the use of a support, movement device or assistant." Would seem to cover everyone. The idea behind the blue badge is that if you're just on your own you're able to remain mobile. Sometimes you don't have a walking stick or a prosthetic or a helper with you, other times you have it but the conditions are worse that usual and it considerably amplifies the danger you'd experience; ice and wind being an example of two conditions that make a prosthetic much more dangerous because you lack control over the limb.
Except she is pretty blatantly stood trying to talk two people down when fucknut here gets up at twats someone in the face. She's doing what she's expected to do.
So women always conceive through their own voluntary actions too? Then they should have to respect the bodily autonomy of their unborn child. What if a man is raped? Should he be given the right to force an abortion? Or right to abandon as we argue here? Because theres literally minors out there who were raped by adult women who are paying child support for their own rape.
That's fine, nobody is saying they shouldn't though, they're saying that when women have an additional option to abort a pregnancy, a similar opportunity should be extended to men that preserves a woman's autonomy while giving men the same option to irrevocably surrender their rights or privileges regarding a child.
If he's doing it with a living child, then that mother is also aborting a living child. Can't play it both ways; either she's aborting a living child, violating the child's bodily autonomy, or she's not, and he should have just as much right to speculatively dismiss his parental rights and obligations as she has to speculatively end the life altogether.
Except we aren't talking about dealing with them when they're a living child. We are talking about dealing with them while in utero. If its acceptable to abort in utero because they're an unborn fetus, you're accepting that any future they have is speculative and you should be entitled to ignore that in favour of personal choice. If that future is speculative, it should also be treated as speculative in terms of the right of the father to deny future obligations or rights over any child that might result from that fetus. The child doesn't just spring into existence. They come from that fetus. If it's appropriate for a mother to ignore the rights to life of a prospective child, it's appropriate for a prospective father to do exactly the same ***before the child is actually viable.***
In your opinion. In others opinion, that's a morally bankrupt premise. In others still, the idea of her having an abortion available is abhorrent. You're not actually presenting an argument, just false outrage at the idea men might be given a choice that affects the one a woman makes.
Women want to get fucked and then kill children rather than be responsible. Women who abandon their children want to live a careless life of dabauchery and never face the consequences. That's you. Every screaming "think of the children" misogynist. You're just being a misandrist instead. The arguments are no different.
Nobody is asking for a say over her body. They're asking not to be beholden to her decisions over her body when they both had the choice to copulate, and she now has an additional choice to abort and the male doesn't. You're trying to make my argument into something it's not to, again, feign moral outrage.
So yeah, it's all about the emotional reaction with you, not anything about the wider picture of morality or equality. It's about hating men. Thanks for the confirmation.
Why does it need an external womb? It's simple enough to bring a better balance of rights now by allowing the right to disavow. Hell, allow the right to disavow to BOTH parents for all I care; also benefits women who don't want to have a child but are morally opposed to abortion; they can either put the child up for adoption or hand off to the father without having to be concerned they're gonna be stuck with the kid if they carry to term.
I think the issue is people taking the relative concept of trust in the scientific method and elevating it to worship or faith-based belief without understanding that the scientific method is only trusted as long as it remains consistent.
Same. Glad I'm not the only one!
12A added around the time the first Raimi Spiderman came out, supposedly because they knew there would be problems if a bunch of parents got stopped taking their kids to see a superhero comicbook film.
More interesting because it undermines the message of it being motivated by racism, rather than motivated by the pure self-interest of keeping a 60s and 70s British youth firmly under thumb.
I feel like a lot of that is a choice in approaching it as being that perception. For example, if the issue was actually the influence or their mere existence then they would have clamped down much sooner. The issue, as they showed in these quotes, was WHO they were influencing; young disenfranchised whites who could then spread more significant discontent it would be much easier to oppress or handwave away. And bearing in mind this was back in a time when there were even fewer minority members of the population. The concern was the risk of its use spreading to the majority malcontents, not it's use by minorities. I guess it depends on your perspective, without really having a "drug of choice of blacks and hippies" like in the American war on drugs, it's down to how we want to interpret the times.
What the other guy said, with an added "because he has my exceedingly rare surname and he is, as previously stated, a public fucknugget with it.
Yes but selling at least gives you the capital to find somewhere else to live, as opposed to owning a house you can't live in while trying to find somewhere.
Your argument makes no sense. You're claiming he's a safety net while admitting he's a safety net in exchange for a loss of an additional gadget. Thermite AND Hibana is also a safety, so is Sofia AND Ashe, Thatcher AND Kali. There's plenty of comps where there's a safety net involved. The issue you're TRYING to raise and failing spectacularly to do so is that Vulture is a UNIVERSAL safety net. He lets you thing, for example, Thatcher, Ashe, Thermite, Glaz, and rather than having to pick a safety net that covers maybe one or two (Hibana, Kali) you can bring an operator who is a safety net for ALL of them, regardless of what you lose. Nothing wrong with a safety net, moaning about it when it's already a crucial part of the game is irrelevant. A UNIVERSAL safety net, however, would be a legitimate concern to have.
... I just got a live mouse trap that drops when they walk in to get food. Poor guys don't need to die. But then I only have mice sometimes because the two little furry assholes I live with bring them in and lose them. They're good hunters but have a fucking microscopic attention span.
Yes but we aren't a colonial power. We can barely keep hold of a sliver of fucking Ireland, what do you want us to do with a continent that keeps fucking setting fire to itself? Got our own problems mate.
Actually. You're right, I'll give you that second bit based on context. In the hypothetical I would, but in reality in my previous job and with my current career trajectory it's much more within my interests not to hit them back, so I likely would restrain myself. Outside of work in the past I would have, but I don't get a public/work distinction anymore.
They could. But we have way more experience with doping the Chinese than they have with doping us.
Exactly. It's not hard to not stand in fire. I still remember WOTLK Naxx and four of us having to teach the raid how to do Safety Dance to avoid the boss flames. Whole raid died and we made them wait to the enrage timer and watch us so they knew how to do it.
And he's saying the law disagrees with.you, because the law seems to classify a firearm as a weapon of last resort, and it should only be drawn in a situation if you have fear for your life. Brandishing a weapon is escalation, not de-escalation. You can warn someone you're armed without pulling your gun on them.
What part of "It doesn't have to mean he has to forgive vulture, just whether the TK was forgiven period" do YOU not understand?
So hold a vote for all options and see which one is preferred. Oh wait, the leave voters can't actually all agree what they want either, so remain would win by default. Can't have that. You all got a leave vote through then couldn't carry the government to actually pass it for the next three years, but apparently that's remains fault for having principles.
Or we can just carry on holding leavers to the shitshow they're creating. I'll be the first to eat my words if Brexit is a resounding success, but if I thought that were likely I'd hardly be opposing it, would I?
48% of the public voted remain, you've got no evidence the number of Remainers has decreased, and you use the term interchangeably with Remainers, so, no, it's an entirely comparable scenario. I've just chosen a word that gets right to the heart of expressing my opinion rather than trying to be snide about it.
And yet, Boris' deal is Mays deal dusted off with additional damage to the sovereignty of the Union. You honestly think that's better than Mays deal? There's a stark difference between a question of how the EU will evolve as part of us continuing in it, and what our intended relationship with the EU will be if we leave. It's the difference between asking you to predict the future and asking you what your plans for tomorrow are. Nobody expects you to tell us now whether Albania will join the EU, neither do we expect you to tell us whether we can successfully negotiate a Norway+ style deal. We do, however, expect you to be able to say whether you WANT and will AIM FOR a Norway+ or something else, just as I'd expect a government to tell me whether they support Albania attempting to join the EU or not. We aren't asking for predictions, just preferred directions. And we didn't get any.
An engineer to assist in the enquiry over a fire whose devastation is blamed principally on the building cladding, it's a fair conclusion she's got at least some expertise on the field in question. And yeah, I'm not saying it's quid pro quo, but I'm agreeing that, given the stated aims of the charity that donated, subconscious bias is basically why that charity exists; to further their brand in areas they operate.
In the context of this use, or its use in general? This use I wouldn't dispute at all. But if he were intending to rule out any application at all, well, I think that would be very uncertain in an appeals court.
Hmm, fair enough then, if I remember correctly the fire was an electrical fault start. And working in planes she likely has experience with potential fire risks in contained spaces. Not a cladding expert, yet still likely a very competent choice. Her historical reception of funding from the cladding company's charity arm is extremely unfortunate optics then.
And over something so insignificant they were willing to hug it out and drop it after 30 seconds of stupidity. Which tells me they didn't need those 30 seconds in the first place if they were actually mature.
Think it was Grohl who paid for his supporting band to fly their partners out for a few days when they were on tour, because he remembered how much it sucked being on your without seeing your family for so long so he wanted to help them.
It's that last bit that I think would likely make compulsion an exemption; the meeting has no presumption of privacy. It's not a private meeting if it's a legal obligation to record its contents, and Trump's destruction of those notes doesn't change that. The fact he had an obligation to retain notes would likely lead any court to the conclusion that there's no privilege of silence.
Huh, fat fingers and a phone keyboard, thanks!
Well.now.hes what, 30something with a wife and kid? But different now.
While hypothetically true, the argument could also be made that the government paying out "fraudulent" claims means it had the chance to prevent the claim and failed, and thereby spends more money rectifying it's own failures than it does chasing people who failed to pay their dues the first time. The vast majority of the dodged tax isn't being done by PAYE calculated earners, but individuals working to sequester their funds before the government gets an eye in. It's down to whether you consider it worse to deny someone something they're owed by hiding it, or to fleece someone out of something where they had a chance not to give it up in the first place.
And suspiciously all increased in price even when they're zero sugar varieties...
Bingo.
During school times, school will and should win 9 times out of 10. Not much you can do about what they're taught at home, but our education curriculum is open to all to examine and critique, its guided by a government we have a say in, and is designed to focus on the core of knowledge that makes for a more productive and pleasant intersocial group. I don't want some fucktard taking their kid out of aspects of that just because they think they know better, tbh.
Can you cite that right for me? it's news to me that children are owned by their parents and don't have an individual right to free and open education, that their parents are encroaching on by choosing to limit their exposure based on personal sensibilities. News flash for the people who aren't aware; you don't have a god-given right to your own kids in this country, or many countries. If you sufficiently fuck up, they can be taken away, limitations can be placed on how you interact with them, you can be overruled in the interest of their safety, wellbeing or care, because your kids are also humans with rights, and they're not your property.
They really don't. They are universal to all and should be protected and defended by all, for all. That goes double for those incapable of defending their own. While that responsibility should fall to a primary caregiver, that doesn't make their interpretation right.
Don't try and partially cite me, when my quote is ***literally above you.*** I clearly acknowledge that fact, while highlighting that just because it's their job to do so doesn't make them any good at it!
I mean, he's the president of the largest English speaking country we have a close relationship with, that dominates most global cultures, and we don't have a president of our own. Neither do most of the Commonwealth countries that we might also consider close allies. So, yeah, he's the only president that particularly matters to us in the UK.
*"and how was this lamb prepared?"* "Sous vide at about 39°c for, oh, four to eight weeks. Then at the end I crank it up to 90°c for eight hours and voila."
Most systems with an electronic mantrap are programmed to release both when the fire alarm sounds for the exact reason OP just highlighted.
Ahh yes, following in the time honoured tradition of making a massive mess and running away to leave someone else to clean it up. How this didn't show Brexiters his general position in life is beyond me.
Course he can, dollars with the queen's face on instead of Trump's.
Yeah, they rule on a bunch of OTHER things we also agreed they should have a say on. Funny that. Bastards over in Strasbourg, sitting around doing their jobs. What a show.
There is a 'we' as long as we remain part of the EU, so until January 31st there most decisively IS a 'we' because the country remains part of that group until the 31st. Unlike some people I don't start trying to demonise groups im still a member of by describing them as something 'other' just because I'm due to leave.
Similar happened to me in the UK. Was told I had to keep looking, or else sign off. Then they told me that I may as well sign off because they'd have to freeze my JSA benefit for six weeks ANYWAY, because I cancelled a meeting for potential training, made for first thing the following morning, because as soon as I was off the phone making that appointment, I got a call offering me a job and asking me to come in the next morning to sort the paperwork out. Like, Jesus Christ, I get sanctioning people for missing meetings, but not only was it the first meeting I'd arranged through the jobcentre, it was made *at my own request.* They'd not even offered it, I found out about potential training elsewhere and asked them to arrange an appointment with their provider. It's not just like they don't want to pay you, or they don't want you to get a job, it's like it's both at once.
Yes but that last bit is my entire point; if you're talking about productivity over, say, a quarter-to-quarter comparison, the time HASNT changed, it's still the productivity of the office over the same timespan. Which is why I'm saying without knowing the span of the productivity being measured, you can't say what the per day unit is. A 20% increase compared to an average week is still a net gain. As is per month. If he means 20% per day, that's the only situation in which it's a net loss.
Rick is the ultimate Libertarian anarchist. You do you until it affects me, then whoo boy, you better watch it.
... because the things they do benefit us and removing them causes severe damage? Like, why do we actually need to spell this out; leaving is bad, because it stops the good things EU does. When we talk about the damage done and the terrible things that result, that's because there is a benefit to having things as they're currently arranged and pulling that out from under the country with no alternative plan is fucking dense. Half the regulatory bodies we are leaving have no domestic equivalent anymore. We jumped out of the plane expecting to knit a new one on the way down.
To pull up a recent comparison: if someone tells me I should let a leopard eat my face, should I be arguing for the virtues of having a face, or against the idea of letting a leopard eat my face? You seem to think that I shouldn't be arguing against the leopard, but instead have to justify why my face is a good thing. When most people would argue that when there are clear, demonstrable, obvious negatives to having my face eaten, arguing against these is a de facto acknowledgement that there are virtues to having an uneaten face that are worth keeping.
Not so much about Sturgeon having access as it is possession is 9/10 of the law sort of deal; all well and good she doesn't have access but while they're in her country Boris no longer has guaranteed access EITHER. Whole thing gets a bit murky then.
Same reason Argentina wants The Falklands I'd imagine.
I'll be honest, I think the Williams Sisters had a better point than the others do. If an event or tournament involves players of both genders, it should be treated as a whole, and not balanced by gender. Wimbledon as a tournament has men's, women's, doubles, wheelchair. They're all competing for different trophies as part of the same tournament, so I don't think it's AS unreasonable to say "all strands of this tournament should be treated equally." I'd say that's different from, say, the women's and men's cricket teams being treated differently, as different organisations. Even when they're at a national level, they're entirely separate entities and should be treated as such.
I've answered this in another post, but the work goes beyond the competition and into the preparations and training. Would you also say that 100m runners should be paid 1/8 of the pay for 800m runners at the same athletics event? It's an arbitrary interpretion of labour to justify unequal pay, that ignores the time in training and preparation that is 99% of the work that went into the performance they give. While they're competing in the same tournament even for different trophies the same recognition should be received. Particularly when the prize at Wimbledon is designated by the AELTA not the individual governing bodies of men/women tennis.
No, it's categorically balanced by gender. WHY it's balanced by gender is irrelevant to the fact they're not split by skill, but whether they're male or female. They're not tested and seeded by skill, they're split based on their sexual organs. I don't deny the REASON it's balanced by gender is that gender has a severe impact on the attainable skill level, but to claim the division is based on skill when that's demonstrably not how they're divided, is just wrong.
If it's contained 5% is manageable. If it's not Spanish Flu was roughly the same level of deadly and it killed more than the four years of war proceeding it. Medicine is better, but if it hits pandemic levels with no vaccine or targeted trestment, our standard medical systems will be over-stretched quickly and people who'd normally survive with standard levels of treatment will perish. 5% isn't much, if you can manage exposure. That's a big if.
Fund managers. Who are expected, by law, to invest purely on balance of making profitable investments that balance financial security and growth, without taking ethical investment into account. They're literally not allowed to consider it without explicit instruction from the beneficiaries of that fund to do so, and most members won't even know how their pension funds etc work. There was a huge thing about how the Church of England effectively invested in distilleries and gambling companies, because the fund they were a part of invested in those shares. While there's a move away from the amoral approach of investment, for the most part as an investor your biggest risk comes from being accused of failing to maximise returns, forcing you towards lucrative but risky investments for at least some of the assets at your disposal. Shareholders getting annoyed at your lack of growth is a bigger issue than the relative chance of your invested company collapsing, because you're expected to diversify assets in the first place.
Then all protestors are rioting looters. Just stands to reason.
Also lots of footage of cops joining the protestors. It's all a spectrum.
Don't remember mentioning race anywhere in my single sentence designed to highlight the absurdity of your own comment. I need a protest specific r/selfawarewolves for all the idiots like you who tar all cops with the same brush, while trying to divvy up protestors into little groups based on how well they behave because "we aren't like those guys even if we are part of the same group!"
There's no legal requirement to protect and serve. That's an old motto that had no standing for the job they did. Meanwhile, this is ALWAYS an issue with EVERY formed group of people; no selection system is perfect. I'm not claiming that the protestors should have as much blame for rioters as the police should for bad apples, or that bad apples are excusable because they exist in every group. I'm saying you don't get to pretend the bad apples aren't a part of your own group ***while you're protesting the existence of bad apples*** If you want to just say you don't agree with their methods and they don't represent ALL protestors, fine. But you can't also then say bad cops represent ALL cops. Sit down. Work out what your ACTUAL PROBLEMS WITH THE POLICE ARE. Work out WHAT NEEDS TO CHANGE. Don't let fucking brain-dead morons screaming ACAB be your message to the masses, and don't pretend those rioters out there weren't part of your peaceful protest half an hour before. Protestors want change. They want them to stop killing them. They want better training and better oversight, alongside more accountability for bad actors within the force. These are noble goals and solid demands. For fucks sake don't let idiots sully that by claiming they're not associated with a certain group of people, while screaming about all cops.
Scotland? The Union. The one where the Scottish king actually became the English one too. They have rights because both countries agreed to it legally in, offhand, 1601? Approximately? Part of the agreement for the uniting of both crowns under James I and beginning the Stuart line in England. We stole the rest of it by right of conquest. Those that still recognise the regent do so of their own volition, nobody was forced to remain in the Commonwealth.
Could also be as simple as Corona staffing problems; fewer staff on site because aerosolised water is a contaminant hazard for corona, reduced work output as a result. Couple that with probably more water use with kids home all week and parents home all week instead of being in schools and work, you get higher use with less capacity to meet it.
... that's not cherry tomatoes. They're way too big.
No, just that the next question is inevitably "if it's social why the fuck are you letting us die in higher numbers, social means governments fault" and Boris does NOT have the political capital to fight that right now.
If so they're going way too fast to be safely crossing a road.
Frankly it was just further proof they pick their battles. They got a LOT of flak for it the first time.
Actually there was a period where we used concentrated lime juice instead of other citrus fruits because they were easier and cheaper to acquire from commonwealth sources. Just a shame the vitamin C level in it was shit and it didn't do what it was meant to XD yknow what they say, cost v safety, cost always wins.
My friend has the exact same issue. I got mine back, he didn't, but he started in the wrong region and got a transfer. maybe worth sending a bug report mail just to be sure.
It wasn't that bad in the context. Boris had just said he didn't want to pull them into it, but because the Sky journalist grabbed him by the short and curlies by insinuating they COULDNT talk, or else were being silenced (nod or shake your head if you can't say...) Boris had to let them answer. Prof Whitty was just saying that even where Boris says he doesn't want to drag them into a political matter, they don't WANT to be dragged in even more strongly. Then Patrick just clarified correctly that, as a civil servant, he shouldn't be weighing in on political matters in the first place.. Not a gripe between the two, just clarifying their unique positions from each other as well as Johnson.
I know it's just a title, but I'd find it so funny if the queen decided she needed legal advice and fucked off Boris for the Leader of the Opposition.
Actually writing my dissertation on this exact topic right now...
Here's the thing; the reason behind their rioting doesn't really change who they hurt when they do. Also doesn't make them not a violent mob. A violent mob with a just cause is still a violent mob. If the cops just gave up and all stopped working, it's probably 50/50 right now which way the violence would swing. Doesn't even need to be the original protestors. Or the original rioters. Word gets out the cops aren't working it becomes open season on crime.
Call it the Lammyblasting manoeuvre.
Ah, to clarify, the former post wasn't my "general position" just what that specific poster was coming across as in that instance. The latter is my general position on the issue that I've espoused in a couple other comments in this thread. I wasn't generally suggesting there's some big conspiracy between those protesting peacefully and those rioting, just that the way OP phrased it made it sound like that sort of "do what we say or some 'totally unrelated' mishap may befall you" kind of trope. Can see why I caused the confusion though, woke up and replied to a bunch of different people and didn't realise this was in relation to that specific comment, my apologies.
Gods above, what does that make Boris then?
Same way anyone talks about racism objectively, through reported statistics about how individual races feel they're treated in those countries.
Climate change may be an objective fact, but legislative and societal change requires public support. When you personally irritate the fuck out of a large section of the public, you're much less likely to garner sympathy towards your protest. That was my point. You can accept the message and still think the messenger is an asshole, and there's plenty out there that will ignore the message based on nothing more than where it comes from, as evident in, well, politics to date.
Jesus do I have a profile pic on Reddit? When did this become social media. ***The horror.***
Standing up against one man is noble. Standing up against twenty armed men with your pregnant wife next to you when you've got ample chance to take her to safety is fucking stupid.
Justified because of everything going on, or because a cop tried to talk to him? I get it. People are angry and hurt and afraid. But this video cuts in with the guy stood basically toe to toe with the officer. The officer was clearly heavy-handed, but was also clearly asking him to sit down and stop fronting him in the manner he was. Which is why the cuffs didn't come out the first opportunity he got. If he'd stayed sat down and kept talking, it COULD have still gone bad, because that's the calibre of cops we are seeing now. But it SHOULD have gone fine from there. If he'd just sat down and talked to him when he's told him he wants to talk to him. There's a minimum level of public compliance police need to do their job. And their job is to serve the community by upholding the law, not serve any one individual. So yeah, it's shitty when they wanna waste your time to ask you questions, but if you remove that option you may as well just do away with police altogether as they're SUPPOSED to be, because they're never going to get anywhere. People need to realise that the goal isn't to remove the police for entirely. It's not to do away with law and order. It's to make them effective, accountable and responsible. There are absolutely things about this confrontation that shouldn't have happened, and if things do change after this protest, the levels of aggression that cop showed would not be seen. But the police are still gonna need to stop people and ask them questions to do their job, and if you can't be stopped by them and asked politely without trying to stand on their feet and stare them down, you're still probably going to be detained for real, they're just gonna be nicer about it.
And how long are you going to allow before you begin to decry the lockdown as a waste? People with this sort of ridiculous paranoid conspiracy nonsense always crop up after events like this. If you didn't understand the science that prompted the lockdown ***that basically every other fucking government on the planet with an effected population has felt necessary to implement*** then you're not going to understand the science behind examining the results of such a process and the lag times therein.
I see where the confusion is. "Public confidence in the lockdown being the right decision" can be taken in two ways. You meant it in the manner of public confidence that the lockdown was the correct course of action. I interpreted it as a desire for public confidence in it being correct. Based on other comments in this thread, I concluded you were also questioning the necessity of the lockdown, rather than whether others were.
And yet, still has two different kinds of loot boxes in the game.
In league of legends? They have hextech and masterwork chests, both purchasable for real world currency. There's also a line of chest-exclusive skins. Can you buy the skins separately? Sure. But they're also much more expensive than a single chest, which in turn is more likely to encourage gambling in kids looking for a shortcut to expensive or time-limited skins.
Sorry, should've been clearer, the definition of gaming normally requires a form of stake as well. That was meant to be included in the concept of "product". Most legislation carries with it definitions of the words in their intended purpose, so it would cover those where you are paying for direct access to the RNG factor.
I have no issue with the LoL system if I'm being honest, aside from the chest-only skins. My issue is that even THIS doesn't count as gambling; even though most of the items HAVE a price tag, because they can be bought independently, they're not "moneys worth" according to the government because even though the item as a whole has a price, you can't sell your item on if you get it from a chest, so it has no intrinsic value according to the definition.
Man I played that on a free weekend when it was in late beta. There were like two bosses out at the time? It was fun but I could absolutely see where it would end up.
No worries. The thing with Scytale is he needed to make Paul truly vulnerable in order for the ghola Idaho's programmed assassination to work properly. He needed to make sure Paul was weakened to an extent he couldn't see Idaho's attacking coming at the moment it did, so that in that moment, Idaho would know he could and was going to kill Paul, forcing his original memories to resurface. Scytale was one of the smarter players of the game, for sure. He just didn't quite expect the outcome.
Maybe I'm wrong here as it's been awhile, but wasn't that more a metaphorical weight than a literal one. As in, the effort to carry the ring while resisting it's power was a weight on Frodo, not it literally getting heavier.
Having him fully naked for more than a brief moment while putting the fat suit on would have immediately qualified it.
Frankly I don't see what's sexist about it. The first few are written from the perspective of his regular character, which represents himself, a male. The fact it's a female on the other side doesn't make it sexist, and pretending that hormones or a desire to get laid doesn't exist isn't either. It doesn't suggest women are only good for sex or that they owe it to him or any other sexist trope. Only that, as most men can attribute, sexual attraction can sometimes trump common sense or other personal factors.
His comics aren't the only thing he does. Plenty of stuff about his livestreaming art practice, his model of choice being "Chloe" to practice more specific styles.
If they let me get within two meters of their jaguars I'll take the damn risk. But seriously if you'd been recently you'd know you aren't getting that close to any animal bar maybe the giraffes, and you can close a single dead end path 10m long to end that chance. The zoo is large, spacious and relies on natural themed habitats with good natural barriers. If you're not allowed in the indoor animal houses, you're not getting close to anything in that zoo.
Let's not forget the BBC commissioned Little Britain in the first place. It made then a LOT of money. Unless they're planning on donating that to BLM, they're virtue signalling. Society hasn't changed so drastically in the past 13 years that its no longer acceptable. Hell, Come Fly With Me came out 10yrs ago.
There's an irony that an attempt by a sketch show, where the main characters are always played by two leads, as is common in sketch shows, to increase diversity by taking a risque decision to use blackface, is now racist, when it was trying to be inclusive.
Yeah but there's nothing homophobic about calling out the Daviths in the world while showing a wholesome and diverse LGBT cast of characters that Davith is himself homophobic towards. That was the point.
If she was after an impersonation she wouldn't have to piece it together as she did. Also worth noting that the head of security (forgotten the term they use. Carman or something?) Says he saw Wilfred once, on the day they boarded the train. The reactions from first Class seem to indicate that Wilfred is something of a mythical figure, but if they invested in the train then they likely still met him, or believe they did. I think she was hired by Wilfred to fulfil his role onboard, and he's in the drawers for some reason of his own design. The impetus was there are at least three cars of drawers, and that Melanie isn't sure how bringing someone out of the drawers will work, but that they need the data to make sure it does. That suggests the drawers at the very least aren't just criminals.
I think he was more a Bonnie and Clyde situation. Infatuated with his young charge, she being the psychopath wraps him around her little finger and he does what she wants even if it's not in his character (saving the cat, his history of dealing calmly with tense situations, don't really lend to a "helping a psycho killer" vibe unless he had that sort of dependent relationship)
First no sarcasm detector. Then it's coffee not tea. ***Are you even British sir!?!?***
Exactly, and besides, what have the Romans ever done for us!?
Oh, so it's NOT just a statue then? Be consistent dear, or you'll never amount to anything.
&gt; No degree is garbage You've clearly never seen the joys of the "Travel and Tourism" degrees of the UK.
They caved to days of pressure being made to look like useless morons, that's the sum of most of these new policies. Bubbles have been used by other governments for weeks, just in our own country, and for months elsewhere, successfully. There was basically a week of daily "come on this is bullshit" focusing on Chester Zoo in the news, because anyone could see their justification for opening shops falls apart if they say a mostly open air zoo can't open its open are sections for limited visitors. Then the public and businesses put them to shame by raising millions to help that one zoo, where others are also struggling, and forced them to cave to what just amounted to common sense. For a government seen to at least be passably competent when it came to actually locking down, even if in hindsight their resistance to an early lockdown was exactly as dangerous as people said it was, they haven't half gone to fucking pieces since then. It's like they managed to rummage around and find two weeks of actual public service during a global crisis before their natural instinct to self-serve took over again.
I'm probably just not remembering but what jokes in Little Britain were specifically aimed at the race they were playing? I only really remember the Walliams character who was a foil to Bubbles, and don't remember the jokes about her race as much as about her relationship with Bubbles ex. Now that I type it out there's the mail-order bride ones, but again, much more taking the piss out of the old man than the character actually changing races. I remember the minstrels sketches, but also, explicitly meant to contrast against the racist history by being played completely straight.
Oh if there's cis women competing too it's fucked up. Can't say I find it entertaining myself so I didn't know much.
In the context of Fawlty Towers I think it's pretty apparent the point was they were all bad but Basil was just terrible
Even the statues thing was an import. America has Confederate statues.all over the south put up post war by groups like Daughters of the Confederacy and all.that bullshit, statues designed to venerate racists and provide a not so subtle "you're next watch your step" message to keep minorities in their place. We have actual historical ones that aren't the losing side of a civil war (mostly. Charles is floating around in London here and there I believe.)
Exactly. At least they actually MEANT defund it entirely.
If he's still got kneecaps he's still armed! /s
Not a state we recognise, if we did then we would be admitting to a lot of illegal things regarding a war that was never agreed to with a foreign power instead of anti-terror works.
Maybe this isn't the time for giving police the benefit of the doubt, but I have to feel like if Chito didn't have an airtight alibi, as in someone willing to testify he came home around the usual time in a manner that didn't give him time to go to the house, someone would've dropped that little tidbit. He drives the same kinda car, the last one to see him alive, and "was known to be able to handle himself". If the police were on the up-and-up, they checked Chito and didn't find anything, or it would've been outed by someone how strongly they suspect Chito. If they WERENT on the up-and-up, I'd imagine they'd go for Chito ANYWAY because casual racism, and couldn't get it to stick there either.
Or the skimming was the manager cooking books. That quickly turns from a petty crime to tens of thousands.
Americans and fucked up employer/employee relationships, name a more iconic duo. Just don't name Americans and fucked up healthcare, that's cheating.
And you're glossing over the basic idea of the rule of law because you're all angry. There's a reason the law is meant to be impartial, why people connected to events don't and shouldn't get to decide punishment, and it's because the law is meant to work for everyone and preserve their basic rights. Like the right to enforce a legally valid contract.
God imagine if Kier had a sidegig as a professional eater, either competitive or one of those companion-eating style twitch streams. It's like the other end of the bell curve of terrible eater; professional to the point of scary.
Yes but the airflow through the engines is much reduced, which was my point.
Wilford isn't necessarily fictional imo, but you can't actually fictionalise personal advancement. You need them to be visible, noticeable, in order to generate an aspirational element to the work. As the tailies have shown, when people just disappear forward and you're told they "moved up" not everyone trusts that, especially when you can never see them.
And if they're controlling it to intentionally be lower on the ground. But I never said there were no controls, nor that it was influenced by thrust setting. But just because they can limit it doesn't mean they can limit the through flow doesn't mean it can produce more of they're failing to produce enough airflow to meet demand in the first place.
It's only been a few years, I'd imagine there's only room to move as room clears in forward carriages due to deaths, which would naturally be less likely in a carriage with no working, and no restriction on kids who would inherit placements.
Wound is a difficult one, a single drop of blood is not generally going to cut it, frankly. Given that they've already confirmed wound doesn't include, for example, broken bones that don't break the skin, or bleeding inside the eye, a minor injury isn't going to be treated as GBH by any judge, and likely isn't going to get charged as it because CPS aren't going to throw such a grey-area case up and risk losing.
I think you've vastly misinterpreted his comment, when he's simply saying "if you're convicted of GBH there should be a mandatory minimum of 5yrs, because when you've been convicted you have shown yourself to be dangerous". He wasn't addressing OP in any way. Also, we already have minimum sentencing guidelines on several laws in the UK, including murder convictions under the correct circumstances, and drugs based on classification.
There's a big difference between police, CPS and your personal representation. The fact some people can't see past their own nose to recognise the party that is literally being paid to be on your side is giving you expert advice isn't something you can blame on the other two branches. Their job is literally to capture and prosecute criminals; they're not here to have the best interests of the accused at heart.
&gt;zero of those stats apply in the ~~US~~ UK Firstly, wrong country. Secondly, yes. Don't try and make some bullshit claim he's trying to deny statistics are real. OP made a legitimate claim that you cannot extract American statistics on racial inequality and just assume they apply to the UK when we've got our own statistics about our own population that entirely contradict them.
We've all done it, no worries.
Imagine if you went bald, but the front just stayed the same. You would have to try and revive the "old monk" look.
The current reality is servers can handle up to 24 per server (6x4). Playing outside of arena, it only takes one sloop to allow a 6-man crew to exist. It wouldn't be hard to balance the servers by only allowing a ship to join a server if its maximum crew size doesn't exceed the player limit.
Vimes is my favourite character of all time. So much I have the Summoning Dark tattooed on my right forearm.
I'm pretty happy with it, no complaints at all.
The best example to give would be something like "we performed terribly at this" and "we could have done much better at this" in essence. Starmers problem is he often words things to include a negative modifier, like "can't" or "should not" and has the whole meaning of the sentence turn on that modifying word, but he chooses words whose omission makes the sentence positive instead. So he may say "we can not afford this right now" and he will say "we can aff- can NOT afford..." Because he misses out that negative modifier. Rather than saying some like "right now that is out of our budget", where the omission of a word doesn't only serve to flip the meaning of the sentence, but simply makes the sentence incomprehensible. To fuck that sentence up in a similar way he would have to say "that is WITHIN" and completely replace a word, not just omit it.
Police seem to have done just that; they've decided it's all relevant. Texts, social media, location data. All extremely useful to corroborate your story and state of mind at the time of the assault. They COULD just search through your phone to make sure they have everything they need. But that would take much longer than cloning the whole thing and searching it at their leisure.
And as I've clearly, they consider the scope to be "anything on the phone". It needs to be that because otherwise they're not entitled to take a full memory copy of the phone. They can't seize information that isn't part of the investigation, so they can't do a complete copy of the phone without claiming that. Willful ignorance is pretending that phone contents are some sacred right. They're not, especially in the UK.
Three books of taunting us with a romance, then when its finally ready, BAM hermitlyfe.
If you think you know exactly where he was, mind telling us what area of the ship?
Don't forget the getting shot meant she received medical care in the UK, her family received asylum, she benefitted from a British education for the latter part of her education and obviously that further gave her the opportunity to attend one of the most prestigious universities in the world. It doesn't detract from what she did, but there's no denying that attack ultimately changed her life for the better. Not often you can say that, but there you go. Sometimes the worst of life's challenges bring the greatest rewards.
Specialist gunshot facility I believe it was.
"she takes half a map to turn, but that brig isn't gonna catch me until I have to do so!"
As is the thing about the Covid spike. Trump has fucked up a hundred different things around Covid but gathering together in large close groups during a pandemic is just... Yeah. You're asking for infection, and from a disease that, in the UK at least, is disproportionately more dangerous for BAME. I get how important this cause is to them, but damn, theres like once a century where this ISN'T the time for mass protests, and this is it. It's always inconvenient, but it doesn't have to be a public health hazard.
in queen gear their own mothers could not tell them apart.
Ditto. Stopped watching the daily briefings too, it just became a bunch of muddled numbers and propaganda with no actual drive behind it to do anything sensible.
They got assets. They got a literal island worth of assets. When you divorce you don't get the other person's stuff. You get out from the shared pool of resources that which is reasonably yours. During the deconstruction of the Empire they were given a choice; remain British and stay with the collective, and the benefits that lie therein, or take your own path, take ownership of any and all territory in your area of dominion, and have at it. They chose the latter and got their assets.
The age gap there between your 18yr old uni student and your directors/CEOS might have a lot to do with that...
I mean, he did say "thank you for everyone's concern" but it was dripping with sarcasm. Understandably, but her reaction isn't exactly unexpected, she just didn't like getting called on her shit.
Except I'm not talking about all women who embodied it. I'm not talking about the stereotype. I'm talking about the woman who they're identifying as their source of inspiration, whose grandson is being quoted in this thread. Is it wrong to advertise based on a stereotype if your advertisement is authentically based on someone who does embody that stereotype? If you just created a black character out of thin air to appeal to the mammy stereotype, fine, I agree. If you choose an individual who authentically both lived in that manner and is directly related to your product, does that make it wrong to use her? To harken back to my earlier example, do I have to not advertise as redneck BBQ sauce, even if that's exactly what it is, because redneck is stereotyping? I'm not denying the brand itself has a racist history of how it was used. I highly doubt ANY historical brand could avoid association with racism or slavery. But that doesn't mean how it's used today is racist.
Italy stuff is news to me but I thought the tennis thing was common knowledge, came out at least half a decade ago.
Why do you assume that because one person was wrong to seat a white child against dress code, enforcing that dress code going forward becomes racist? Why do you assume malice where incompetence exists? If one white kid slips past security to a ticketed event do you then have to let in every black person who saunters up or else be considered racist for enforcing the ticketing policy? You've no idea how they're enforcing the policy beyond these two cases, and you're immediate assumption is it must be racism because they have different skin, rather than even considering there's two entirely different people making the decisions and that the first one fucked up. Whoever let the white kid in may not even know the black kid exists, and whoever blocks the black kid didn't know the white kid exists until his mother points him out. You don't know whether each of those individuals would've seated the other party or not, so you can't make an assumption of racism.
Didn't say he had to be. I said when youre assuming racism because you've decided your entire fucking country must be racist, those assumptions do nothing but pit you against the people you're asking to come together on an equal footing. When your argument for deciding someones action is racist, rather than a result of negligence, is *literally* because it happened in America, you're deciding all white Americans must be racist. That's going to help your cause? Help Americans come together and stop those that actually ARE racist? No.
Sorry but what do you call officers finding out whether what someone did was within the confines of the law OTHER THAN an investigation?
I'm in eager anticipation, although there's a tiny part of me that wishes they'd gotten James McEvoy to play either Paul or Duke Leto, just because I felt he was really good as Leto II.
It is, but it's not the state telling these cops to put knees on necks. That's a decision they're making themselves with the immunity given to them to try and make them more effective at their job. There's a reason police have that sort of immunity, it's not unique to America. The difference is most places have much more effective (although still not perfect) oversight of police violence. I understand the desire to remove that protection from the police and, in some ways at least, agree with it. It will cause short term issues though, and while it solves.one problem it opens the original one, of police being afraid to arrest or challenge individuals, period, for fear of civil suits from deep pockets. There's issues at every level that need dealing with, but when it comes to stuff like Ms Taylor and Mr Floyd, the errors are coming through at the ground level; it's not the job of the judiciary to check the work of the investigators, only to approve as lawful actions where they are appropriate for the level of danger. Had her cousin been in her flat, that no knock raid likely meets the requirements FOR a no knock. The fact he wasn't and was already in custody is on the police, not the judiciary. Ditto for their actions against George Floyd.
Have you actually read that press release? The one you're saying they normally withhold to avoid needlessly dragging someone's name into the media? There's no name because they weren't investigating a person. They were conducting an investigation to ascertain whether a crime has been committed, rather than an investigation into a known crime. The only possible way to have reasonable suspicion of a crime in a situation where it's necessary to investigate to ascertain whether it IS a crime, is knowledge of the action and a belief that it may constitute a crime. You can't have reasonable suspicion of someone committing a crime without already knowing that such a crime exists. You literally gave an example of how such an investigation occurred; by contacting relevant experts that would be aware of legislation relating to potential aviation offences. They've concluded it wasn't a crime, and given that this was a clearly publicised event, issued a press release stating such an action isn't a crime. Had nothing to do with the individual who did it, because their investigation never had to reach that stsge. You claim I lack knowledge, you seem to lack critical thinking. You didn't even bother to read the statement to determine whether your claims about the suspect were relevant.
Yep, was a game mode played on Crystal scar back in the day. The whole objective capture in a circular map is similar.
Not just *a barrister*. He was the most senior public prosecutor in the UK outside of the Cabinet positions. You don't become the Head of the CPS by winging it and half-assing like BoJo.
20 years ago you wanted them to, what, shoot on location inside an active volcano?
So what you're saying is Jimmy hired him as an inside man to scout out victims?
Oh I know there were plenty of examples of an overuse of green screen, I'm just saying this wasn't it.
Let's not forget the best damn emperor we ever had. "You don't meet a girl like that every dynasty!"
I wouldn't recommend it, do too good a job and the government get to claim most of it as treasure.
Exactly, distances are weird. Most can at least estimate around 2m by saying it's taller than an average adult. But a metre is so easy to trim down and still think you're close.
If a black person tells you their being searched was racist, even though they were in fact carrying a blade, does that make it racist? If they're turned down for a job without knowing the other potential candidates, is it automatically racist? That's my point. An accusation alone does not make something racist. Evidence does. I'm not even saying that evidence does not exist. I'm saying that, alone, the word of a group is not evidence of the reality of the situation.
An honest question for anyone with a real answer; Less than a year ago Boris was defending this deal and singing the praises of China. The Conservatives have been trying to improve Sino-British links for years. What happened in the past year to suddenly make them get a hard on for standing up to their oppressive totalitarian regime? Is this just a response to their handling of Covid? Is it race baiting? Is it because of Trump's issue with China? Is it a legitimate desire to defend Hong Kong? Is it just a little bit of all of the above, or have I missed some key turning point news that meant conservative interests are not longer aligned with China? Why does it feel like they've taken a full about face over cosying up to CCP?
There was a big issue with this in the UK recently, some jobs that required sleep in workers were basically told they couldn't just pay a flat rate for the entire time you were there; if they want you on the premises, they had to pay you an hourly rate. Came about after someone had a home emergency and basically told them to go fuck themselves, if she's only sleeping over to be on call she can be on call from home, and the courts supported her. I made that argument everywhere I worked on nights; if I'm not allowed to leave the building because you have minimum staffing requirements, you'll pay me through the entire period I have to be there, no stopping for lunch and breaks.
This and aniseed. I love aniseed flavoured sweets but they're few and far between. Blackjacks, aniseed balls, aniseed imperials, all great. I'll take some liquorice when I can't get my aniseed hit though. Fox's glacier dark are nice too. Liquorice and aniseed flavour.
It was pretty obvious when he was defending their involvement 6 months ago where every other country was pulling them off of contracts.
Bit more serious, but I had to deal with the same issue when my mum passed. I had to go to the hospital with her in the ambulance, because my dad is too infirm, and ultimately I had to make the decision to let them stop and let her go. It hurt. It hurt so much more than just losing her and there's no escaping the fact I did feel guilty at first for making that decision. I'm an extremely rational person and I already knew she was gone when I made that call, but after I did I had to tell my brother that I was going to have my dad make me his medical contact and that the decision has to come from me. I did it because you never really understand just how having to make that decision will effect you until you've had to make it, and I know it would break him, while I can take the burden. We have two cats and I know it's horrible to make the decision but I'm willing to do it if they need me to, but goddamn I will still feel like I'm condemning them myself when I do it. At least for a little while. No matter how logical you consider yourself to be, it will still get to you.
See my above comment about loving the film because the entire thing was a setup for that one moment.
Pretty clearly meant as a Conservative tbh, was pretty apparent in context.
Don't forget he then helped rewrite the UAV laws in the US.
Not to mention they had s really terrible habit of not following their own code; Windu was a prime example of that. His own light saber style relied on channelling anger, and his refusal to follow his own bullshit when he faced the emperor was what finally made Anakin lose faith in the Jedi way. If another jedi, one that respected the Jedi way enough to keep Palpatine alive and have him stand trial, had been there instead of Windu, that would've gone very differently for Anakin. As it was Windu didn't trust Anakin but was a massive hypocrite for doing so.
All these people shitting on the McAdams/Ferrell pairing like she's some twentysomething amused me knowing this.
People who nitpick I consistencies like that are the worst. My wife is a huge Eurovision fan and super happy with it. As was I, and I'm only slightly less of a fan. The setting is Eurovision but there are ALWAYS aesthetic changes for the sake of cinema, it's inevitable. I didn't even expect them to both with semi-finals. Criticising the film for not doing ESC rules perfectly makes no sense. The aesthetic and the music was spot on. The story was nice and wholesome, even if the whole 'Russian villain' thing is a bit cliche.
Even Pierce Brosnan doesn't want that.
Not really. There's a gap between knowing the finalists in real life and the event itself, it would be weird of the contestants from any given year DIDNT know each other.
Given theyre hosting in the Scottish capital and they specifically identify the entrant from England, not the UK as it currently is, it's not really ridiculous.
Yeah but driving along the tramline or the motorway is was less.impressive than through the Royal Mile, although I'm sure the arena is closer to the airport than the city centre is. Eh, drama is always necessary I guess.
Seems to me like people are being fucking stupid over the fact one venue was used as a standin for another in an extremely common and typical manner for films. It's like people bitching about them filming in Liverpool for a film set in 28th Century London, or filming in Ireland to film Westeros. They set the film where they wanted it to be for numerous reasons both.for the script and for their own financial incentives. For those aspects that aren't mirrored to reality they can use another venue to stand in as an Edinburgh one. If you didn't know the city, you wouldn't know or care. If you do know the city, you still shouldn't because it's a film, not a documentary.
Salty Glaswegian probably. Can't get over the fact they're a shitty second rate town whose claim to fame is alcoholics and assault.
Unless you're in a shielding category.
Worked with a few problem gamblers, some of whom tried to use the self-exclusion system from bookmakers as well, to little effect. Not because they gambled online, but because the enforcement was so hit-and-miss.
I originally thought they just did a REALLY good job making Emma Watson look like Helena Bonham Carter.
Could always point out to him even Army and Navy stop to play football on a regular basis.
The climate collapse was actually the scientists though, they released a new compound into the air to try and solve global warming and overshot drastically triggering the freeze. Yeah global warming was an issue but the resolution was a snap cataclysm.
Try not to drop one.
People don't seem to realise that the justice system takes a much dimmer view of skeletons than politicians tend to. It doesn't take much to cost a barrister their right to practice (although obviously there are cases where that's been stretched to the extreme). You're generally expected to very much keep your nose clean. If the best they can do it point at cases and say "this happened under him!" It's going to get very awkward when those on both sides with a legal background start calling you out for bullshit.
Weather the storm, and know that anyone else in the EU will have her back, because they know Trump won't have theirs if they support him, but Merkel has a much longer memory and much better track record of winning political games. She can mostly ignore his bullshit and pass his issues on to the EU as community issues not national ones. There's very little international politics in the EU today that don't evehtually have to go through the EU mechanisms. Or at least, that you can't MAKE go through them when you've spent most of your political life understanding how they work.
