That depressing moment you're a caveman, literally head to toe in hair, and you're still receeding at the front.
Jesus, that's genuinely shocking.
Yeah I use this and it does really avoid too much darkening.
I lost my brother to suicide this year (Christ no, it's 2018, last year 2017). Trust me when I say, the family of this poor man, well, this will leave them in ruins. They will definitely end up coming across this. I was unfortunate enough to see a police photographer taking a photo of my dead brother (he was out of shot). This still and always will haunt me. If it had been this situation with some spoilt brat bro cunt wearing a kids hat mocking the situation actually showing the body, with his spoilt cunt little arse licking silver spoon mates, well, I can't say if i'd ever get over it. This cunt disgusts me. He really needs to take a look at his shit, worthless existence. I hope he fails in life.
I think you're right.
Thanks mate.
The nuclear thing was always what worried about trump.
Not to rub it in (ok I'm rubbing it in), but to expect anything other than regressive "upgrades" from Lenovo is foolhardy, Sir.
Ant did chuck Colin off the show though. In the end, he chose Ronnie. So romantic.
It does help thanks bud
It's all getting a bit terminatory these days.
I had to do roughly five minutes of vos roll checks on the comments, and even then thought it might be a double vos roll from commenters pretending they thought it was a vos roll and it wasn't when actually it was a vos roll. Fucking Christ.
Just to make double sure is this the one: https://www.elephantnaturepark.org/ And please, for anyone reading this thread, don't go on elephant rides.
Every single member of this sub would take 5000 dollars to close it. LOL.
The trouble is you will get people hitting 30 because it's the closest to their age...otherwise you should include age up to e.g. 100, and then set it as a screening question to filter them out.
Man this is so nice to read. Good luck kiddo, but you won't need it.
Literally untrenchable.
Lol
We don't call it fucking soccer.
Jesus Christ.
This is literally what happened to someone we know in my town. Stalked, threatened, then eventually attempted murder, which he's in jail for, after a 100 fucking complaints to police prior to the incident.
Exactly.
Exactly. The police don't need permission to prosecute offenders.
This franchise really is just a gravy train for Disney.
Ooof
In Thailand the salt does have sugar in it. That's code for women have willies.
Lol
Pure ThinkPad gore.
Charlie Brooker has always been a lefty.
Calling it: He's just had a hair transplant
His story was bullshit...total bs. He's hiding the scar on the sides by keeping length, and the surgeon shaved the top in order to individually place each follicle in the direction of natural hair growth.
He really is a shit stand up, but he's funny on he podcast sometimes.
Far worse, before, I felt like google now was reading my mind, now...it thinks I'm obsessed with donald trump.
Sick and tired of Hollywood. Remakes and superheros. It's all they've got.
We chopped off pieces of potato and thereby called them chips. Crisps are crispy and are not chips of potato but thin slices. But yeah better just give them a French name because you needed their war ships during your despicable peasants' insurgency against the Crown.
I was going to say we don't do this, but I'm currently about to take a huge dump in the gutter outside WH Smith because I couldn't hold it in during my stationary search.
Shave it and post a photo here mate. You'll look good with it, I can tell.
Pirated with extreme fury
Will this game run well on a ThinkPad t460 (i5, 8 GB)
For me it's a mixed bag. Anecdotally my Muslim mate had integrated well, but he also told me that around half his friends were pleased about 9/11. It was an eye opener. Empirical evidence from polling organizations is similarly worrying.
To clarify, this was just after 9/11, back in 2001.
How is this mansplaining?
Well you'd have to ask a Muslim. I think usually it's based on propaganda in the Muslim world that America is the source of all their problems. I'm not defending the states, Iraq was a huge fuck up, but 9/11 was before that.
He makes neither reference to nor even implication of gender having any relevance in the matter - maybe I missed something. His criticism seems to be based on an inherent dislike of academics and research vs. practical experience (a common sentiment among working class friends of mine), rather than any gender based feeling of superiority. Actually I'd argue this is a class based thing...maybe he's classplaining.
But I don't even see any implied gender issues there...
Lol
Is that true?
I hit 75 quid and thought, wtf am I doing? This is a game on my phone. Never spent a penny since.
Edit thanks mate found it
I didn't know Phil Neville was an anti vaccer.
They are the embodiment of true evil. What was ever wrong with asking someone to take a photo of you...you know, human interaction?
Mate, don't take this lightly. My girlfriend's student was stalked, abused like this, then the guy followed her and stabbed her in the neck and face repeatedly and is now in jail for attempted murder. He got life.
It's a real threat. Do not take this guy lightly. Report everything every time he does something.
I have a similar issue. 7.5 UK is not snug, 7.0 UK doesn't have enough toe box room. It's kind of frustrating that they make the moc with a huge high front toe of the boot but no width. I don't know why they do this.
Get some m40x on your head.
Buy Other Stereo Equipment
Yeah but the hilarious part was him screaming 'yes I'm going to fucking talk over you' at the end. Fucking howling.
Where'd you get that stat from? You think 99.999% of muslim divorces aren't "mediated" by Sharia courts? I'm not confident this would be the case. Of course this doesn't extend to criminal law, where I'd say it's more like 100% British law applied, but sharia exists within UK civil matters and it's been discussed openly on moderate BBC political panels.
She lost me at "I feel" and "is like literally"
Ambition and the right demographic.
Lmao
Power play for renegotiation.
Or go somewhere else on holiday.
I find it depressing that most humans won't outlive a pair of old boots.
Both in very nice condition. Excellent.
Honestly, this guy is no use to society. May as well be dead. A complete piece of worthless shit.
Lol
I'm so used to seeing the shops of Sam that I thought he'd had plastic surgery in this photo.
In a way it might be worth getting the plague then having antibiotics, just so you can say you had the plague to your mates down the pub. Yeah, maybe not eh.
One is little effort and high immediate reward. The other is high effort, low immediate reward. Ultimately, I'm just annoyed at how I used little, then low. It's inconsistent.
Couldn't care less about some old fan. This post is typical of what's killing this sub.
TBH, thorogoods.
I know right. Anyone got a fifties washing machine of their grandmother's they want to post...zzzzzzzzzx
Definitely might be the stupendous cunt box.
They've thought it though. Lol
I'm not convinced this is not realistic. It just needs a movement that propels it forward. The atheism thing in the states came almost out of the blue. In the nineties I never would have dreamed so many thanks were aetheist. And yeah you'll always have the Bible belters, but then they're balanced somewhat in terms of influence by the emerging aetheism.
Ah I see your point. I was lazily responding without getting the proper context together.
Been grieving hard for my brother last night and this morning. Woke up and read this title and for some reason made me laugh out loud. Thanks op.
Fallout has the best iconography out of any game I can really think of.
Thanks dude I'm ok the title alone cheered me up!
More eww than aww.
Link?
Lovely dial colour but otherwise too busy for my taste. Sometimes Rolex pushes it too far, although I guess that's why many like them.
It's really odd, I used to love speedmasters and always wanted it as my first luxury watch. Since I've seen the numerous posts of them, now it just seems...I don't know, dull somehow. Generic. Maybe a little like when you hear a song over and over and over.
I'm not sure im even saying I don't like it. It's on the border for me.
The Samaritans: 116 123 (UK)
Yeah I agree, I just think for me personally, with chronographs, the rest of the design has to be somewhat more muted, but I'm beginning to change my mind lol. The only really busy watch I like is the breitling navitimer.
So true. I actually called it a nuclear bomb. Wrecking ball is also a good one. Fucking living nightmare tbh. I actually started bjj because of my brother's death. No idea why, was walking across a bridge, then just felt I should "do" something.
Sounds fun, can't fault it lol!
Thanks bud
He literally could have bought a gaming pc instead of some useless stuff in a game.
Yeah, kind of shit on my buzz too, I won't lie.
Oh great, buzz back.
Yeah but really we are kind of stretching the relativist argument for perceived value here.
Are they drug addicts?
First thing that came to my mind. Basically the year people started getting ADSL/ broadband.
Probably very few people before '99 had seen a video of someone's head being sawn off. I think some of the morbidity if the internet may contribute to the variance.
I'll inject synthol into my balls to make me feel better about myself.
Made some friends for life today. I literally remember thinking this when I was 16 on the piss down the beach and met up with some other drunk teenagers.
Gah Christopher ward really let themselves down with their logo. Zelos one isn't nice either.
Was 2 (he got a point for Korea) now is 1 since Friday when he suggested Russia come back to the G7(8) (ok now almost for sure I think the Russians have something on him), and his general twitplomatic behaviour during such.
Well if it results in completely open trade, it might not be as negative as you'd imagine. If give that a 0.001% chance of happening though.
Edgy.
I actually received an skx013 last week a d couldn't believe how small it was. I have a 6.5 inch wrist and it looked microscopic (36mm iirc). I think sometimes people underestimate what watch sizes they can get away with.
If anyone's wondering, his watch is a Hamilton Frogman
Some title cancer right there.
I wouldn't call this a sub homage.
6-700 USD on eBay...maybe less.
Reminds me of Zuckerberg in front of the senate.
That green really pops! Love it.
Yeah I've noticed this too. It's irritating once you notice it.
Nah they are a bit mate, the over laughing morning show host is not just in Australia, we have em in UK too.
He'd have skull fucked you by then too.
I doubt they could reliably control for exposure to stuff used across the military...for instance, could even be some common chemical on military clothing, or something in the food supply. There must be a number of variables common across the military that could have some effect.
I was thinking this yesterday. There are a number of studies that have said waking up early isn't that good for you.
They might lighten up over time...
Poor old Tommy Cooper. Some of his skits were funny in a seventies humour kind of way.
It's definitely a fun hobby because of all the types, price ranges, brands, designs, histories, movements...
I usually fart and puke at the same time.
Physics mate.
I do...beginner though.and yes never gone up against a female purple belt.
I was expecting full mount and some ground and pound.
Sorry but active paedophiles should be institutionalised and/or heavily monitored. They are a legitimate threat to the safety of children. Child abuse absolutely ruins people.
If they haven't done anything or watched videos etc of child exploitation of course they shouldn't be imprisoned.
Good ol' money in a bag
Lethal force...attempted gbh minimum.
Fucking hell the EU is over regulating the fuck out of the internet. On some websites now you have to click one accept for gdpr, sometimes two, then another for friggin cookies. I can't even watch you tube on incognito now, because it insist I sign it to sign off on gdpr.
I was discussing this with a random swede in game yesterday. We still have very few decent weapons outside of drops, servers full of people from other regions making communication impossible, hacking, and a lack of content overall for a game that has generated nearly a friggin billion. A billion. They are greedy as hell.
Jesus Christ does everyone have to make royale games now? I miss being able to actually focus on the shooting part of the game, and less on the circle part. Edit: OK, OK Jesus Christ I get it. I'm just extrapolating from the business model - all the big gaming companies are going to jump on the BR train because of the huge bucks involved. But fine, as long as they make other similar games without the blue circle of death. And what I meant wasn't standard FPS, I mean in the Exile vein, where you have loot, can build, have large open worlds with many players, but no friggin' circle of no fun.
Trust me, they are all going to jump on the BR train. It's a money generator.
Scam - ignore.
Uh, I think we differ on what we want from games. I like...fun.
They have golden parachutes, and land on a golden carpet, getting golden blowjobs, while it's raining gold, and some pet gold elephants.
feelz
Lol
Nope, it's everywhere.
Jan- feb definitely has the best weather!
lol
If Google packaged this with Google play music, and you tube red, I'd bite.
Haha shit mate I used to play that all the time! Them were the days! Yeah everyone hates it, I remember. I used to mostly play that winter industrial building map and bridge and one other.
Damn, I had all of ten minutes to transfer between flights last time I was there. Would love to have checked out all their stuff.
What annoys me about crates is that I can't choose which fucking map I play again.
Oh bugger, I changed it to "terrible" to remove a swear word and now it looks like terrible.
That's the one!
They treat it like a magic word now, LOL.
You're assuming you know his intentions. You don't.
Or maybe he thinks it can be discussed openly in an adult fashion. Perhaps it's a point of principle for him. Perhaps he's just socially inept and kept slipping. Perhaps he hates black people. We don't know which one.
Agreed. To me, it seems kind of childish....oooh can't say the naughty word. Can't we just all be adults and realise that context is important? I'm pretty sure that it's more gut wrenching for me to hear stuff related to suicide (close relative died that way) than it is for someone black to hear racial epithets used in a neutral context, but I'm not going to demand people use the s-word.
Break the law?? Lol
Misrepresentation of my point. More accurate - a historian discusses why members of the Nazi party said "heil Hitler" as part of the Nazi leadership cult. The historian says this in front of an audience of German Jews. I don't think many of the audience would have a problem with a rational discussion of this in context.
Keane thought it wasn't...
Fucking winny Germany with their winning win win. All winned up to the hilt with win. Edit: win
This video helped me realise that I'm not interested in IP ratings.
This could be misleading. FDI is often spiky.
What are you on about? He's an actual ninja.
I'd eat every one of those.
Will take three generations for it to become properly usable in Germany lol.
Bound to. I don't think I even need to check. You pay with your privacy with all these silicon valley wankers.
That's looks like a normal shopping experience...in North Korea.
I honestly hate that chain.
Ah ok thanks for info. Never knew this.
Top quality shitpost. 3/234
Basically she's speaking Konglish
Can you describe the taste?
This sounds like the heading of a click bait title and that's a good thing.
Sorry but most of those are gash.
I guess it's another dry film about the war or the politics of it. I'm surprised Clooney and Matt damoooon aren't in it.
My sister in law just bought fucking hemlock for my other sister in law.
I'm 28 hours in and was bored with it by around 18 hours. The maps are a big problem for me, cluttered, don't seem to have any thought put into them, and don't allow for a variation of roles, e.g. gunner, sniper, etc. Overall, it's a repetetive spawn, run to cap, die, spawn run to cap etc. the original insurgency was far more fun, and the maps, however flawed, were much better.
It's really not a solid buy (imho). It's highly flawed. The maps absolutely suck and don;t get more appealing the more you play. They just flat out suck.
I've been having a blast, sorry I mean it has felt like I've been having my balls sandblasted.
The new maps are absolute shit.
The main problem is that the maps are not really designed well for machine guns.
Maps are terrible tbh.
Well that's two minutes of my life I'll never get back.
Yeah sure I wouldn't disagree.
As soon as a game confuses me when it comes simply to buying the fucking game, I'm out.
It's a pigeon. It doesn't even realise it's a pigeon.
Just tread caerphilly, and you'll be good.
That old man is a fucking idiot.
He has a point. The guy is definitely displaying in-group preference here.
They just need to use a good flouride toothpaste.
Haha. I wonder what it's like being you.
you're thick as fuck mate.
Haha.
No, I just found your response quite funny.
Behaviour.
The language he uses with her is strongly in-group e.g. "baby-girl" and no matter what her behaviour he keeps appeasing her actions. I guess it could just be white knighting - totally possible, but I think the probability is in-group preference / white knighting combo, judging from behaviour and yes, I said it, relative demography. There is a theory based on it, SIT, and umbrella theories, SCT, relative demography. What he is displaying is called "defensive bias". (Mael and Ashforth - can't remember year of citation)
It's not a racist theory you dope, it's mainstream sociological theory. It comes from left wing schools of thought. It's about how repressed minorities tend to look after eachother in situations, as they have strong empathy for each others position in society. It's just natural human behaviour, everyone does it to some extent. If you think this is me shitting on black people you couldn't be more wrong, which is why I've spent half the time laughing at you pair of idiots.
Looks like Archie luxury.
Oh man how lovely.
Have to be honest, at 80, if I were to go suddenly like this, well, many many worse ways to go.
So, you're talking about the advisory part. There are greater constitutional barriers to ignoring a referendum, not to mention the Paris style riots that might ensue.
Total tangent, but was just talking with my colleague, I predicted Karstadt go bust within two years (based on House of Fraser in the UK, and the cost of a G-shock, compared to Amazon - 130 euros at Karstadt vs. like 79 Euros on Amazon. Set a reminder people. And to be honest, even if you only speak English, most Germans are OK with that I find. It's not France.
OK so if remain win in the second one, and the EU doesn't perform so well economically in the next two years, can we have another ref?
We are entering an unprecedented area of British politics. I don't have the confidence to say it's unlikely.
Sure, it is silly to be stubborn about things on a point of principle, I just think pragmatically it would have too many bad consequences.
He didn't ask you for a debate. He asked you to share your opinion.
This truly is appleied science.
This map needs to be continuously updated.
This sub has more original content than Netflix. And none of that foreign shit to boot.
Same here.
Be it pound, stone, or kilo, Americans always seem to have the highest numberzzzzzz.
God he's such a bore.
Op, don't stand on toilets. It's actually fairly dangerous. If the porcelain cracks you can end up getting torn up.
Event horizon is a great channel. Also check out john michael godiers other channel of his namesake.
Bro, wouldn't try gaming on that connection.
I choose: I've got a boner right now.
Reminds me of that dan henderson fight...
If you're going to shit yourself, do it dressed like this.
Makes better films than jesus.
I know what he means. It's fine.
This very much describes cult like attributes.
100% NTA ✓✓
Oh man, my brother did that. It's indescribably horrible. Sorry dude. Give my best feelings to his family please, and tell them it gets less painful over time.
Don't worry mate, my bro died the same way. If you had said this I wouldn't take it disrespectfully.
Thanks...it fucking sucks.
I'd totally watch that, like and subscribe and press the bell for more notifications.
I would be so blown away if they found this.
Yes, please check with an instrument that can detect radiation. Not sure what it's called.
Happened to me...pilot aborted just before touchdown
Talk about touching cloth.
Lol
Yeah but he talks fast as fuck. Must be something to what hes saying.
Me too
Yeah, well, you know what? life is lethal. And you need pseudo jesus-not-jesus or you'll fucking die and shit. Clean your room you neckbeard.
If I see him bring up the Big Five and gender one more time I'm going to blow my brains out. (I looked at the ANOVA for a well cited study on this btw. The means are incredibly close across all facets, albeit significantly different across some.)
In business / management, they dish them out to e.g. external people working in industry in exchange for data access (I've seen this done first hand and the resultant disastrous defence - I know for a fact the guy just collected data from a large multinational which real academic coauthors in the department then rewrote for him to produce a publishable work. Also, a friend of mine got one from a decent South African uni for writing a paper that read like it was written by 15 year old.
I dunno...when I see people in a bright blue gi, just reminds of a that Kung Fu game from the eighties.
The tails yeah. Not the major portion of the distribution. I.e. most people.
I'll have to remember that one.
Looking for UK raw denim jeans that are good quality, reasonable price and most importantly have a nice taper and are slim fitting and will fade nicely. Grey colour would be nice but indigo also good. Any suggestions? Something on Amazon would be helpful. I recently bought the gap slim selvedge and they are pretty good, nice taper on the bottom, but now looking for another pair. I think someone a while back mentioned I think unbranded or something? Anyone got a good model number that would satisfy muh criteria.
Those all look truly awesome, and the sort of thing I was looking for, but unfortunately are a bit out of my price range...i was thinking more the £100 range ish
I'd try and release the stink bug and the spider, but fuck that wasp.
Why the fuck would it make anyone nervous? Just fuck off.
I hope your non kid murdering pitbull goes insane and bites your dad on the ankle while he's getting sucked off by one of those degenerate park crack tramps you mentioned.
Can you two dog fags take it outside?
Tbh I wish they'd amp the gore up a bit
I'm so sorry I'm sending all the love I can to you.
Hah still remember this one. I used to love homers moments with his brain.
Awkward social skills, may not get on with colleagues. ☑
This has not been my experience online. Most users seem unable to communicate in anything other than screams and groans.
The animal freakout tag is so cute.
Pepsi all day.
This is such an annoyingly typical upvoted Reddit comment. OMFG so many poison Australian. Everything kill.
He a not Irish he's fucking American. Stop trying to have a culture.
I know, that's what's annoying.
No.
You're on this sub you dull cunt. No one gets out.
Real subtle like, yeh, secret and all.
Germany. It's free and the universities are actually good.
That's an incredible find OP.
Best one I've found is lucidcharts. I just signed up for the free account.
Sorry mate, that must have been horrible for you.
Oh they are easy to find, just a little to the left of Trotsky.
Op delivered!
I'm going to tell you a universal truth. No stain remedies work, especially anything with bicarbonate of soda. Bleach. Bleach works. If it doesn't make everything yellow.
Lol
Lol
That monkeys got the body of former jock who let themselves go a bit. Big arms, but huge moobs and belly. Lol.
Face pulls and chin tucks
Me too
Same here
Flybe...last time I was one one of those, the turbulence was like that in a crap 1980s air disaster film...swaying like a boat.
Woah.
Just don't dress like that.
Nice
I haven't watched it since that shit season in the old doctors farmhouse. I just remember form Korea...if it was ridiculously hot then the cicadas would kick in. God I hated that sound.
What a trash study.
A good response would be to get as many examples per company of examples of loot box gambling, and then put them into a huge compiled report.
Could this just be because it's an acid and it's burning off the old skin layers?
I'd call that a poop.
Ah ok, I want sure if people were implying it was the antioxidant effect.
149x80mm is the biggest (20) we don't usually use fifty notes in the UK so that's as big as it would need to be.
Lol clean is not a word I'd use to describe it.
Unfortunately my girlfriend has a distinct preference for them 😣
I would doubt the effect comes from anti oxidation...the acid would be peeling off layers of skin...that's probably the visible difference.
This is why I got a 75 nits screen.
I would pucker up and take tit's money.
Yeah, I found with the normal non gap flex that they tightened a bit if i put them in a 60 wash, however they do blow out on the thighs after a few wears again. I do have a feeling these flex ones won't be so badin that regard. oh well will see! &amp;#x200B; BTW - dump those crocs lmao!
You're not wrong.
Bonerific
Until you've published yourself in would simply reject reviews, as the other guy basically said.
Id take tits money.
Saw a similar model in the shop today but no red indices. The purple is quite snazzy but not my thing.
C L E A N N A E L C
Ah interesting. I heard a similar idea about the reason for Chinese people being allergic to alcohol (face goes red) and processing alcohol differently, because they boiled water for sterilisation whereas Europeans sort of made weak beer. I'm not sure how much that holds, but it sounds cool.
My brother killed himself recently. Cannot imagine how fucked up it would feel to find out someone did this.
status\*\*\*
They are pikeys...that's the character he was playing. Notice the caravans.
My mate 20 pro isn't that far off
Great suggestions.
That is true loyalty.
I was basically about to say a version of this. OP...just not your fault, not at all, not even a little bit.
👍
Omg that must have been truly awful. You did well getting through that. You're really tough actually.
Stockholm
Lol @ overreem
The welt area is too wide on these for formal.
Great post! To be honest as soon as I saw the Guardian was the source I started to have concerns. The Guardian have driven an overt left wing narrative of the West being to blame for all the ills of the developing world via colonialism. Any story even tangentially applicable to this narrative will be twisted thus. Usually the truth lies somewhere in the middle. And no, I'm not defending colonialism, I'm defending objectivity.
I think you should probably be dancing in circles in the middle of the road in london mate.
I was waiting for this - yes i know, I was being lazy in how I expressed myself - i meant they wont go too well with a suit - too chunky in my view, which is a shame because if they were slightly less chunky could be used with a suit. I realise brogues like this are not formal. Anyway...lol.
fucking shit.
Torture, and Drain Life. I think all of us players can identify with that. Have a shit new year CG.
OK let me just click thro...wai...wha..oh yes, I forgot, websites are not possible to use anymore.
He's still throwing hammers.
I wonder if technically those people could make a complaint of assault lol.
"hey there, wotcha doing?"
OMG I'm so sorry my friend. Of course the trauma is terrible from these sorts of things. My brother took his own life and I get PTSD from that almost every night.
Has anyone got a video of it without the red so obviously jacked up post production.
Same in the UK. Many of my Chinese MA students speak only very basic English. They usually cannot express themselves in seminars. It's depressing.
Didn't know about this - I just bought it by compelte coincidence today. it leaves a terrible impression TBH.
after twenty minutes of BS, I tried to get a refund and realised there doesn't seem to be an option. This is the worst state ive ever joined a game that cost £30.
Yeah gotta be honest...regretting splurging thirty quid on it. Doesn't seem to be a refund option tho like there is with the EA launcher. I will say though the sounds in game are excellent. Shame nothing works lol. Lots of odd game mechanics decisions too.
yeah i guess I'm just in a smaller welt phase. Quite into budapesters lately.
Nah if you pick a fully black one with a tight welt they look with a charcoal suit. Some are way out there tho yes
I'm not sure what's come out at CES for lenovo...maybe next year.
I've had my papers cited a fair few times, to back up a claim or finding we absolutely didn't make. It's usually just incompetence. either that or they used a synonym for resilience perhaps.
That is amazing. Lmfao! Tom hanks has gone down in my estimation a little.
Bastards, wish you all the best mate.
It sounds good, but to be honest, all I hear from Germans etc. is how wages are crap in the Netherlands. It seems the flat system has held wages back across the board.
Wow, prof at 30 - you're a bit of a hotshot lol! Or do you mean US prof?
Not sure why you're so excited - wages aren't so good there.
At the bottom it's good, but when you're on the track, the wages really don't go up much. I mean I was also speaking to my colleague who did her PhD in the Netherlands and she said the same thing, as did my old supervisor, and another prof we know who worked in Germany and got a job in the Netherlands.
Lmao
Yeah that actually is harder. When my friend died some fucking guy I worked with just emailed the link to the news story about the cop murdering him right out of the blue.
My wish list - an LHD, without fauxtina, and 40mm. I would literally eat shit to get that watch. Your one looks awesome btw.
honestly, I'm not sure it can be learned...
We were discussing Iran as the next target in 2004 in my international relations seminars.
Look at his little cherub face!
He's blantantly playing grant Mitchell there lol.
It still pisses me off that Joe thinks coffee needs butter in it. Fuck off, butter goes on bread. Sorry, got triggered by the espresso mention. Lol.
Your poor friend. That's really terrible.
OK, more on people flakes please...
Yes, yes we know.
Going to the states will be good for networking and thus getting into the better journals. As long as it's a decent uni.
Yes, we had a whale of a time.
tldr; read the first sentence of his post.
omg...
I'll be honest, I wanted to make an owl joke, or post a meme of one or something.
State drones.
Hows the screen brightness?
Nah, just bought a new battery. if you search around they aren't hugely expensive.
link?
Where u based bud? EU or US? I use this https://www.laptop-parts-shop.com/ (ordered a t460 battery from here, received a few days ago - genuine lenovo sanyo, running great - very good price.) They even ask you for your current battery part number and check if the one you ordered is compatible. They are very good - also check their trustpilot score Here's your battery https://www.laptop-parts-shop.com/thinkpad-t480s-1158v-57wh-battery-for-lenovo-laptop-p-331289.html 52 euros - decent price.
delivered - thanks mate
I think it's nice to refresh a battery - I just changed mine and it really does seem to last a fair bit longer. I also swapped my keyboard out, but actually wouldn't recommend this - it's tricky to get right and I didn't quite get it right lol! Still better than the old one was, but my tracjpoint no longer works properly.
uh to be honest i think they just buy everything from china, so I'd check - they might do it for the US too. I think it's worth upgrading the battery every two years or so, just to give it that like new kind of performance. I've had my T460 about...what four years or so, and the battery was still usable but the performance was like...50-60% of what it was in terms of hours usage, so I'd say it's a good way to spend fifty euros.
It's true.
Seriously I see houses in supposed ghettos and I'm thinking "look at that palace".
I remember once as kids we were playing outdoors and my mate ran across the road and got hit by a car. I turned up a minute or two later to see him lying in the road with a blanket on him looking all kinds of confused and I said "is this a joke?". Was too surreal and unexpected to process. This guys basically doing the same.
Laughed out loud
Lovely work
In the late eighties, when I was in school, aged 10 or 11, the cool thing to say at school when anywhere was crowded was "aw man it's like Hillsborough here". My headmaster heard me say it and gave me a bollocking. Today, in Liverpool, you can see the signs that say "No to The Sun" (the paper blamed the fans for the deaths, when it was in fact the fault of the police, and the barriers). It's considered a big no no to buy The Sun in Liverpool to this day. Even taxis have "no to The Sun" on the side of them still.
Try pissing them out like Swedgen in Deadwood.
Fuck, I'm so sorry. My little brother killed himself two years ago and my sister in law died from cancer last year. It's hard mate. You'll feel like you're in a bubble for a few months mate. Totally normally. PM me if you ever want to talk about it. Cheers.
I guess ultimately mechanical objects can only be developed so far. If they work they work. I mean from watching forgotten weapons, and heeding the Psalms of Gun Jesus (bless him), most of these new fancy guns seem to all be AR variants. Otherwise I wouldn't know shit, I'm British and I've never seen a real gun apart from the bolt action .22 I used in army cadets and a.double barrell shotgun...oh and I looked through the sight of an SA80.
It's just a reality that the genders tends to clothe themselves differently. Geez, do I even need to point this out? They just do. And I was just saying that initially I thought they were female shoes because of the heel. That's all. I gentuinly thought that. Chill.
No worries. Please do.
Ok no worries
Omg yup. Cried.
I often get misty eyed about choking on mustard gas.
I have to say I found it quite boring. I was surprised, I thought I'd find it very interesting.
Is the screen good on that badboy?
Just wondering if anyone might have a bit of insider knowledge or an educated guess, because it's looking like a great laptop.
Roses are red, violets are blue, hippos mouths are dangerous, damn they be a fucked up size too.
That's frigging ridiculous. Wtf Netflix?
Dumped chrome a while back...on Firefox these days.
On Firefox there's an add on to force 1080p
haha
great cheers
Man, that's absolutely beautiful. Stunning. I wish I had a bit more money to spend. Have you got a website or something where I can keep track of your work? I may be up for a purchase like this in the future and want to make sure I know how to find your stuff.
They were well deserved.
Would it be easy to tumble and fuck that up, or does the glider basically set the position regardless.
which panel do you have? the 144hz LG fhd one?
wow, that's legit impressive.
Yes, that's right, we're all pussies because we didn't buy into domino theory.
Man, same old story with AMD and their shitty drivers. We used to say this back in 2003 lol!
Bloody good job mate you look solid AF.
Honestly, not been my experience, I lose mass for sure.
Honestly, I cannot imagine not craving carbs.
hmm great sounds like ill go with that. which mobo you went with?
Yeah but surely the farmer could have nipped it in the bud, jesus, the thing was almost hollow!
Kid's a piece of shit doing that.
OK, this shit went incestuous, and quicksmart.
Depends what field.
Some great thigh gains, and also boot gains there bruv.
The harsh reality.
I honestly thought for a second that you were critiquing modern gender theory.
lol me too.
Did you perhaps exceed the word count on your essay?
I went for a job interview at Blockbuster in the UK. They wanted me not just to rent out videos, but to go to the local university and do a hard sell of memberships to students for minimum wage. They told me I'd get £1 (shit, it might even have been fifty pence) per membership signed up. All this in a six, yes that's a lucrative six hours a week contract. LOL get bankrupt. I walked out and knew they were on the brink of closure. They are a Dominos now.
wtf
Appreciated, thanks bud
Rest in peace xxx
T.
I.
How fucking embarrassing is this. Pathetic.
Well done chap.
Do you have any pictures of it closed, to show the thickness? I assume the dimensions are the folded dimensions? Also is the linen stitching durable...usually people use a synthetic one from what I've seen.
it can look really cool. Bundeswehr Flecktarn jacket looks awesome
OK thanks for the reply dude. your work is really awesome.
You should put that on a facebook poster.
TMFMS?
The funny thing about that is the only ones who notice the reverse watch are the ones who think you're a cunt.
He literally became an entire infantry unit. Impressive.
Care to recommend a couple of the best ones - sounds interesting...I did try reading that stalingrad book but it was tough going.
Utterly ludicrous to think in those black and white terms.
thanks bud!
Thank you for your cervix.
lmao put 2 and 2 together mate.
Very nice
I've heard years ago that Italian had the highest arsenic too. It's not just this study.
Kevin seems like a nice bloke.
ah ok
Oh my god. Why?
Some people are too thick to be educated to any reasonable extent.
Commonplace tactic. Bring temporary CEO to do the dirty work then bring a new cleansed CEO, not associated with said dirty work.
Meermin are always too pointy a last for me. It's a shame, because otherwise those are lovely.
Schools aren't magical buildings. Some people just don't have much potential aside from moving that brick from here, over to there.
LOL that boxing at the end is crisp as fuck. Great vid.
Haha yeah used that in red orchestra
That guy's an absolute monster tho lol
To me it screams YMCA
nice leather.
yeah i noticed - I bet the patinas on that are great. nice stitching pattern btw. Also big fan of the orangy stitching with that leather colour. works well.
Jesus that's mental. Can you imagine that popping up on your facebook feed?
Jesus they really have clamped down on the economy.
Rekt to deth. An oldie but a goodie. Guy has absolute grenades for hands.
When I die, I want too wake up here.
step 1 burn alive, step 2 char to corpse.
That keyboard is stirring my loins. Why can't I have this in 2020 with an up to date CPU etc and and good screen with five hundred shits of brightness? Whhhhhyyyyy?
Lol give it three hours before it's banned from tele.
Nice piece.
Insanely good camera
Actually the best way to do it is point to someone and say "you, you call the police" people will do it immediately lol. I had to do that once when I didn't have a phone.
That's been government advice until very recently.
I won't lie, I've met some utter psychopaths who work on building sites.
Face pulls and this chin tucking technique are very good for that. See athleanx channel on you tube.
Ah yeah vhs...wasn't sure
Guy thinking the flamingo knows the difference between raised hands and someone holding a pistol 😂
Yeah I agree. The mask thing in shops and on public transport has always been a no brainer. I guess SAGE were concerned it would mean a drain on medical mask supply - but the government should have just said its unlawful to obtain those, make them out of a t shirt and elastic bands or something.
looks great,
jesus close your mouth
I'm not convinced about that camo...
Bargain - if I hadn't just bought another great wallet, I would have gone for this without question.
This story fucks me up every time I see it.
Oh man want the ones on the right.
What does management with my team mean? You mean a team of academics? Of course you are obliged to say you are a participant.
I always assumed that police did this. It's clearly more politically charged if they kill a black person. They are people, they know this, and they hold on that trigger. My good (white) friend was strangled to death by a cop in the states, no criminal record, unarmed, just manic with a hospital bracelet on wearing only shorts. There was even a paramedic there begging the cop to stop the choke hold. Literally never heard anything in the national press. Didn't mean a thing. Cops know this.
Yes I'd say he does.
Yeah I mean that's just a hypothesis. I don't buy it, I think people's main concerns when resisting are trying to avoid arrest to get away with an crime, or just being triggered into a fight or flight response. When you're arrested there's a huge adrenaline rush...I think more instinctive factors are triggered in the brain.
The police stats can't hide fatal shootings or arrests. This would be very difficult.
Yeah but the problem is BLM have ludicrous demands. The movement is essentially anarcho communist. I've seen talking heads of BLM saying they want community self policing, and one in the UK wanted immediately withdrawable delegates instead of representative democracy. This is straight out of anarchism. It's dangerous shit and it's infecting our discourse in the UK, which really pisses me off.
His hair washing technique is good. Really working a lather up with the heavily angsted ptsded fingers.
I'm furious, I just bought modern warfare on top of battlezone and assumed they shared a lot of files...then boom 100 mother fucking gigs. fuck off.
well just bought a 60 quid nvme to chuck it on...still waiting on 80 gigs lol I'll let you know the final size haha
It's more than that imo. It's a signal of someone's perceived self worth as a mate. It's relaying the information that they are a potential long term mate. We are animals.
Scum 101.
I berated some bloke outside a pub for this last year. Kind of felt like a bully after.
Don't move to Korea.
There was a study done recently that found people with those ultra positive mindsets can lack empathy when compared to those who are less positively minded.
Well, she did.
Annoyingly, a lot of women tbh. I think it's a trick of evolution (strong male protector to stop other people eating your baby or some shit). I tried mimicking this act in my twenties to see if it worked, and it did. But I couldn't keep it up, so wouldn't take it anywhere LOL.
It's true.
It looks ok from the front, bit fake but whatever, but the side profile is terrible, looks like Cletus off the Simpsons.
Oh I mean i just tried it in a nightclub on a couple of occasions, never beyond that. like a social experiment lol.
Yeah. tbh it's uglier.
Had a few problems with the 2019....progressively worse fan noise on the gpu, constant internet connection drop outs, sound problems with this wave max crap. lots of rough edges. However, the performance is very good, very solid, and the screen on the 17inch is really really good, aside a bit of backlight bleed top centre. It's bang per buck is excellent.
i used the killer uninstaller to get rid of the program but its still doing it now. i didnt reinstall drivers however - i assumed windows did it automatically
yeah same here, thanks!
Those don't work properly on that type of last imo. they really need to move beyond their obsession with pointy lasts when they veer off into informal almost work wear type stuff.
Probably similar to the whole Swiss watch thing. "Swiss" watches are only required to be made, I think, 50% in Switzerland.
if i could get a ten hour video of this i would use it to fall asleep and dampen my tinnitus.
that rooster thinks he absolute king shit lol
I dunno man this one is pretty funny tbh.
Yeah I get that. I just have to accept that there are parts of my job that suck. To be honest I'll take all the suck just to avoid a 9 till 5 job with a middle manager constantly breathing down my neck. Also to be fair on US people, it sounds like you have it worse over there.
That was so interesting. clearly had to be done.
Not my personal style, but woah, exceptionally nice work.
Asus have established themselves as the very bottom in quality of the gaming laptop market - Acer have overtaken them now in terms of quality. It's quite sad, they used to make very solid laptops. I recall about ten years ago that they had the lowest defect rates or similar, among all manufacturers.
I heard there are problems with that too...but yeah, maybe going over the top a it - I'd still argue that Acer have overtaken them in terms of quality.
if you imagine the front two big eyes are nostrils it make it seem cuter. looks like an old man with a moustache.
Very nice.
Oh you missed the bit at the end of the vid where she screamed MASSIVE HAIRY CUNT FLAPS. This killed the mood for me slightly.
damn bad timing.
have you seen any reviews on this model yet? Can't find anything on the internet and would like to know what the panel is like and the manufacturer of the panel. also battery life etc.
I've got three kids. How many would you like for this?
LOL
Ah well the new legion 5 just came out...
ah OK - anyway main things are the same...the best thing about the legion is the ports on the back and the plainer design imo...the older model has both of those. The new one does have really good cooling though apparently.
Make RGB lighting - pre colour keys to diminish RGB lighting.
WWWWWwWWWWWwWWWWWWWWWWWWWwwwwwwwWWWWWWWWwwwwwwwwWWW definitely does it on the 2019 - never noticed that before.
my gpu fan started making a horrible noise after a few weeks...it is very annoying on idle. I'm probably going to take it in for repair, but I know they will try to say it's normal!
If you have the 500 nit screen, could you give us a review of it. Also could we have the full make and model of the lcd panel - this way we can look for a panel review online.
please do!
~~the 17 inch doesnt have a 500 nit option AFAIK~~ edit: doh, i read i7 as 17.
thanks. they are saying on the uk site that the 500 nit one will be available on the 5i, but to date, no options for that screen - seems they are having supply problems.
What I see in the roadmap: 35GB.
Me RN Why don't they let us play fucking campaign mode at least while it's taking a day to download at 56 kb/s.
Also, anyone know the panel make model for this?: 15.6" FHD (1920 x 1080) IPS (240 Hz / &lt;1 ms Response Time / 100% Adobe sRGB / 500 nits / VESA DisplayHDR 400 Certified / Dolby Vision™ Enabled / NVIDIA® G-Sync &amp;#x200B; Looking for a panel review of it. I'm assuming it might be the same as the 500 nit one on the y740 but not sure.
