So basically a multiple murderer and ISIS supporter complaining about prison being hard. Rather than learning from his punishment he decides to run an organised crime ring from his cell. Assaults a prison guard and then complains his privileges have been revoked. Boohoo - hand me some tissues. His father saying "Oh, he's not really a bad boy. Those murders, assaults and organised crime weren't his fault. He was backed into a corner." What can you say other than suck shit.
I'm not an expert but my major issue is the bokeh at the front is too jarring for me. It makes it feel like my eyeballs are too close. I'd probably prefer an angle where you can see more of the top of the slice (http://www.bakers-corner.com.au/assets/bestevercaramelslice1.jpg) because I imagine the top sugar layer looks just as nice, if not better than the internals. Just my 2 cents :)
Real toronto street signs: Article: https://www.blogto.com/city/2017/10/toronto-street-sign-sale-auction/ Auction site: https://www.platinumliquidations.com/sections/street-signs-2.html Etsy related: Giant wall maps: https://www.etsy.com/market/toronto_map Personalised signs: https://www.etsy.com/market/toronto_street_signs
I'm going to guess it looked something like this: http://2.bp.blogspot.com/_yJZi5ujGtNE/StwKPdkOnfI/AAAAAAAAY04/Yx5EPDzwjq4/s320/sting-gordon-sumner-200jk022708.jpg
Why would they even bother sending an empty envelope? Why not just send nothing?
&gt;Husband and I have been together for 13 years. **11 year old has been diagnosed with various behavior/mental illnesses: ADD/ADHD, ODD, depression, anxiety.** Does this quote not imply he's already been evaluated? Surely those were 'proper' evaluations? If not, you should explain what a proper diagnosis entails and how she can get a 'proper' one as opposed to an improper one.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OhlKB14nwAU
I can recommend Divinity 2 Original Sin because it's turn based you can even save the game mid fight and mid speech dialog! Very friendly game in terms of picking up where you left off. I did spend something like 180 hours in it though.
Yes, this is true, some Irish people get liver failure and have to stop drinking and then there are the toddlers and babies.
It's easy enough to remember if you're playing 2 hours a day. I was playing 1-2 hours a day on it while I was spending the other 4 hours on RDR2 (playing both games in in parallel) and didn't have trouble following the story or remembering where I was up to when only playing for short periods. Saving game mid-fight was fantastic. I could enter into battle in the last 5 minutes of game time knowing I didn't have to complete the (epic) fight.
It's easy and zero risk when once you've practiced and got the claw technique down.
It's a binding agent, it's probably (barely) just enough egg to stop the meat falling apart. Real cheeseburger shouldn't have anything in the patty except meat.
I see that as more of a spice (its along the same line of salt/pepper/garlic powder/onion powder) rather than an a solid extra ingredient (like solid bits of onion, capsicum, garlic, etc). Having said that it's got salt in it so you have to be careful it doesn't screw with the proteins and change the meat texture. Basically have to cook it straight away.
Adding cheese/onions/peppers to the patty is making meatloaf. Hot sauce in the pattie is more of a grey area :) Don't get me wrong, I like meatloaf burgers/sandwiches and I make them when I feel like it. It's not a cheeseburger though if you're putting vegetables in the patty. It's meatloaf or rissoles.
From the way it reads, she has had multiple conflicting evaluations which is why the comment "get a proper eval" is so absolutely worthless without backing it up with advice on how to get a "proper one". Calling me a layman and telling me not to question you also adds no value. Go ahead and tell her how when she's already sought out a multitude of medical opinions and got multitude of evaluations how she is supposed to find a "proper" one.
She's already had "proper" evals and they all reached different conclusions, which is the proper eval.
I put beans in my chilli but I know it's not "real" chilli :)
I don't think you've read my comment properly. I never said anything about a pure ground beef meatloaf. Pure ground beef = cheeseburger Ground beef with onions, capsicum, etc = meatloaf
These details are already in the post by the way: &gt;In total he has seen; 3 different psychiatrists, 2 different therapists, and a psychologist.
&gt;In total he has seen; 3 different psychiatrists, 2 different therapists, and a psychologist. not proper?
Cheeseburger as opposed to burger and hamburger usually have defined ingredients, so for example a standard cheeseburger doesn't usually have tomato or lettuce. It does however usually have pickles. Usually they have unwritten construction standards also which includes not mashing up the pickles and putting them in the patty.
A 'burger' has more relaxed definition than a 'cheeseburger' (and do note I have been talking about cheeseburgers this whole time). Cheeseburger is generally, bun, meat, American cheese, sliced pickles, diced onion, tomato sauce/ketchup, mustard. These aren't "written down" laws though but generally that's how the burger shops do it. A cheeseburger deluxe would be adding salad etc. A 'burger' on the other hand - anything goes.
Players unable to count to 3?
&gt;I mean just because it’s an ad doesn’t automatically make it bad. Viral ads are bad, normal ads are not. This is a proper ad -&gt; https://i.imgur.com/hA9UZpA.jpg Anything that purports to be a real post from a real person is disingenuous and designed to be misleading. If GoPro / Red Bull want to post cool clips then they should post them up from their official accounts rather than trying to mislead people into think this is organic content. &gt;If it’s this obvious, then it isn’t really an issue. It's not obvious to many, many people which is why I pointed it out. There are even people replying to me telling me to link the proof. If that doesn't show it isn't obvious then I don't know what does. &gt;r/hailcorporate is more suited for brand trying to promote their shit by pretending to post their content organically. Not for obviously branded videos that are pretty cool. Just because they lack subtlety doesn't make it acceptable. I read a comment from one guy saying the GoPro logo is put on the video by the YouTuber and it has nothing to do with GoPro. So he implies this is an organic social media post. I think you're giving people too much credit at detecting obvious ads. &gt;Also, how the fuck is a guy shooting his parachute with a flair and it going up in flames not r/WTF worthy? It's subjective, however if you saw Evel Knievel 'stunt' jumping his motorcycle through a ring of fire over 17 buses would you think that's WTF? I personally wouldn't and that's all this is. A basic stunt show in the sky. The bug in my butt is the advertising, the fact this post is not WTF worthy post was just a side comment, many posts on WTF are not WTF worthy and I never comment on those. I've mainly commented for the advert.
To be fair, China and Germany aren't being run by crazy dictators like the USA is.
Electric cars are hardly status quo yet - even in the most progressive countries.
Argumentum ad populum
Well.... I knew someone would take my post literally rather than a joke.
I have extensive experience with both really. Anything I can't work out is easily found with a quick web search. The time wasting occurs after I learn how to fix it.
I have no idea what point you're making as it doesn't address my criticism of how much more difficult Apple products are to fix compared to their industry peers. When Apple products ARE working they aren't objectively better or worse than Android or Windows. It's a subjective opinion. When both are working, my subjective preference is not Apple, my parents who are technophobes prefer Apple. I am simply saying when it comes time to fix Apple the list of steps required to get the thing fixed is long and arduous relative to any time I have to fix Android/Windows.
Sure, keep shilling my viral advertising friend.
It was a joke
&gt;How many of you are starting/raising/raised families (kids) and love it? Best thing I've ever done.
I figured since you ignored my arguments and opted for ad hominems I thought I'd join you.
The electronic music makes it taste even better.
The real issue is that political donations are not considered bribery by law. The fact is people expect a service to be provided when they pay someone money and corporate lobbyists are no different in expecting politicians to do them a service (and withholding "donations" when that service isn't provided). Corporations should be able to lobby but they shouldn't be able to pay for a politician's next election campaign.
That doesn't mean they're right.
Duerte is pretty bad
I'm gunna hold off on my praise for now. Given they have many different variations of S10 coming I'm going to bet the one with the headphone jack is the model I don't want and the one without the headphone jack is the model I would actually want "if it only had a headphone jack".
Compendium of Little Things Compendium of &lt;name's&gt; Little Things
EDIT: Think for yourself, don't listen to the crowd because you'll learn the crowd is usually wrong. Take note that everyone disagreeing with me doesn't explain why I am wrong. They simply provide an emotional reaction due to their cognitive dissonance. I'm going to go against conventional the investment cliches and tell you not to diversify :) I'd say your plan isn't flawed per se but I'd say it is conservative. The way I see it is that $10k is a very small amount. Losing $10k wouldn't ruin most people financially. The only way to make that $10k life changing is to be fully exposed to big winner (say a share that goes from $1 to $10 = 1000% return) . Putting $500 into a single big winner gives you $5k (not life changing). Putting $10k into a single big winner gives you $100,000 (reasonably life changing). If you instead discover a big loser, then you've lost at most $10k (not life changing). So if it was me I'd pick the very best company from your list and put it all on that one company and watch it like a hawk. I think diversification works better when you're dealing with bigger amounts that will cripple you if you lose them (like $100k+).
&gt;I dont trust USB drives **i didnt buy.** He could still acquire them on a technicality for say $1.
Young children are very naive. This is why helicopter parents are a thing.
I'm in this sub and still don't give a crap :) The way I see it, having all the marketing posts coming from iPhone isn't necessarily implying something good anyway. All the marketing people I've ever met in my career have been idiots. The correlation is bad IMO.
Monorail! Monorail! Monoraiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiil!
It has a hand luggage compartment.
Wow, I can't believe the level of downvotes you're getting. Some salty people in this sub.
Pretty good!
yeah nah, black swan hummus is the best dip
Doesn't the fact the chicken fat isn't dripping onto the charcoal just make this a glorified oven? Don't we want that chicken fat charcoal vapour coating the meat?
Generally a whole chicken I'd spatchcock it. Wings I do prefer low and slow a bit more so I smoke them and char them at the end.
&gt;Have you ever BBQ'd or smoked anything before (not just grilled)? I have a bullet smoker, charcoal BBQ and gas BBQ and I cook on them more than most people. Smoking doesn't just use charcoal, it uses wood. This picture is a vortex using charcoal, not smoking wood. The best flavour when using pure charcoal derives from fat and juices vapourising on the coals. If he was smoking I'd say the post would be in /r/smoking.
Yeah I'm ok with indirect and then searing but vortex is about indirect only and given it's not smoking wood as fuel then it's a glorified oven.
Aussies: "Please judge, don't send me to that sunny paradise! I want to stay in the cold shithole of Londonistan."
I normally put them up my bum, but that's not for transport.
Reminds me of the 7 year old's birthday party. Those adults need a beer/wine.
I'm not sure how you could miss it. It was about as bad as this: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KjB6r-HDDI0
I've seen some business owners talking about this before. "I think the 5 day work week is going to be over in the near future, companies will be more flexible about it" then they follow up with the stinger "You'll now be able to work 3 days for 13 hours a day or 4 days a week for 10 hours a day" So they still want 40 hours a week out of you.
The best thing to do in situations like this is to go to the person responsible and ask for a meeting and discuss with them what was wrong with your application and why you didn't get an interview. Don't be defensive! It's about learning what to do next time (even if they're wrong). It also puts in the back of their mind that if they don't interview you next time they'll have to explain why to you in another meeting. So once they tell you what is wrong, go back to them regularly and ask for feedback and mentoring on how to be better. This gives them personal ownership of your success and development because they're either your mentor or they're advising you on your improvement. So they automatically become your advocate in future interviews because you are the result of their advice and/or mentoring.
"Gotta go guys I have highly explosive diarrhea!"
I think a simpler solution is that we should just nail the tectonic plates onto the earth so they'll stop moving.
specifically trash that thinks less of you for what phone you own
ewww I don't want read notifications, i want to be able to pretend i didn't read your message
Yeah there's not much you can do about that but generally nepotism is hidden so he should have gotten an interview and then the nephew won the job 'fair and square'. Not even getting an interview is a sign they immediately excluded him for him and not for nepotism.
I blame the hardware industry for not innovating at all over the last 30 years. Razer tried with Project Cristine but that's about it. https://www2.razer.com/christine We really don't need this wire fest to make modular computers and doing it as modules wouldn't stop us creating nice lightning setups and customised cases. It would also make system building very accessible to even a layman.
Wow that's a bit fucked, did you ask why you didn't get an interview for the second round?
I got mine for $950 new (right after the 2080 was released), $1300 seems like a lot.
Seems OK, why can't he have mega ultrawide? What's your max budget?
&gt; And if I’m being honest what I’ve experienced is that the Muslim community in the West is a little more radicalised than most people here. You get killed for saying you're an atheist and then you're saying Western muslims are worse. Doesn't add up.
Not if you're rebuilding! (tanking) You don't get good draft picks by winning. If you read between the lines the article is suggesting the "rebuild" is over and they're going to be trying again in 2019. So if I was a gambling man (which I'm not) I'd be looking for good odds on Freo at the start of the year before everyone catches on :)
Ok yeah, with 300 you're not going to get much better than what you've found. Nice
You are correct but the other thing making me think it's over is that he's 3 years into a 5 year plan. So I think Ross needs to move into the "rise back up the ladder" phase or he won't have a job at the end of 5 years.
Yeah for gaming the expensive ones can be justified but for casual use you're on the right track.
From what I've read, if you are printing the photo to a photo printer then megapixels matter but other than that it doesn't matter so much compared to having a good sensor but nowadays it seems like the software processing of the raw image is one of the key factors.
No way! He's doing great things for Australia. For example, he is recognising Jerusalem as the capital of Israel which will make a great deal of difference to every Bruce and Sheila living in struggle town. I mean I can't count the number of times Australia's choice to not recognise the capital of Israel as Jerusalem has kept me awake at night.
There is still more to the story than is being told in this article. 6 year olds don't work out live streaming technology and start a revenue stream. Someone else is assisting them and if someone else is assisting them then in think it is fair to assume that person is assisting with his care. It's not in the families financial interest to let people know that the girl has help. The lone carer story pays better.
True it's practiced but doesn't change the fact that we don't know the full story.
Yes people believe they get more pussy because they have an iphone PROOF: https://www.reddit.com/r/BlackPeopleTwitter/comments/a5x8ah/apple_vs_android_or_racism/ebpyn7q/
Yes so the article justifies my stance that we didn't know everything. It says the grandparents are the carers when she's at school (and I imagine they're her guardians). So she's not all alone caring for him. I imagine the grandparents are doing more than the article lets on but they stand to make more money on their videos by playing the 'lone carer' card so I can't blame them for doing that. Given they are elderly I am not surprised they're trying to set her up with an income stream and teach her how to care for her dad one day when they pass on.
Nah her grandparents are around the house, she's not alone. &gt;While she’s out studying, her elderly grandparents, both farmers, look after her father. After she comes back, Jia Jia feeds Tian his dinner and helps him move around the house using a DIY mobility device. &gt;Jia Jia even shaves her father’s beard. “At the beginning, I didn’t know how to shave and I cut dad’s face and it bled,” she said. “But dad said it wasn’t painful. Now, I’m very good at shaving his beard. My grandmother says I shave it very clean.” https://www.boredpanda.com/6-year-old-girl-jia-jia-help-paralysed-father-tian-haicheng-china/?utm_source=google&amp;utm_medium=organic&amp;utm_campaign=organic
I called my accountant and he said she wasn't.
pro tip: The only way to get a decent pay rise is to move between companies. Waiting for your boss to give you pay rise is a sucker's game. The other way is a promotion but that means you're no longer doing IT, it means you're managing IT (which is boring AF).
If it was a circumstantial case like Chris Dawson then I agree but he was caught by police holding a 7 year old who he did 'things' with. It's not a circumstantial case at all, plenty of hard evidence. You're smart enough to know that (barring a legal technicality) this guy is definitely going to be convicted of the kidnapping and a very good chance he'll get done on the sex charges also. At best the court case is at a ceremonial formality so you'd be better off saying "What about due process?". He's obviously guilty but entitled to due process. &gt;And he deserves to be safe until then ...but not after? We can only hope.
&gt;Atomic layer deposition is good for placing precise atomic layers with low defects. **This process is slow and expensive as fuck.** Done in a vacuum, etc. A good photovoltaic is easy to make, physically robust, inexpensive and hopefully environmentally benign. Efficiency is important but if those other factors are not also hit then its use will be very limited. Technology can advance in a short time period. We can go from niche devices that are expensive to create to mainstream products that can be churned out easily for very little: For example: 5 megabyte hard drive - 1956 - https://i.imgur.com/uqKOX.jpg 2 **MILLION** MB thumb drive - now: https://icdn4.digitaltrends.com/image/datatravelergt01-720x720.jpg
If you're ready/looking for someone new then go to #2, if you aren't then go to #1.
It's especially poor taste because of the [Werther effect](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Copycat_suicide).
A bad history doesn't have to define you forever, people can change. I'd say he should talk the brother when the brother shows he's changed his ways but not until then. There are plenty of felons out there reinventing their life for the better and they don't all need to be assigned to the scrap heap.
Actually there is a negative outcome of bringing attention to public suicide/suicide attempts. It's called the Werther effect or suicide contagion. https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Copycat_suicide#Examples https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Copycat_suicide It has been studied by scientists and shown to exist (i.e., it's not just a hypothesis). So people that need help should definitely seek help but the media coverage on suicide can result in more suicides.
I wasn't the one that made the original suggestion dude. My suggestion was maintaining radio silence until he turns his life around.
You're from the USA I am guessing?
Well that's risky given the previous established link between media coverage and increase incidence of copycat suicides. It seems like they're running a social experiment if they choose to report on it *but differently*.
By the time 2.1 is widely adopted we should have Intel Xe GPUs on the market by then also :)
Did I say it put the idea in their head? I have a sister that suffers from treatment resistant depression. The idea is always there. I'm saying scientists have determined the media coverage triggers acting on the idea.
I'm specifically referring to media coverage of celebrity suicides having the Wether effect. If anything discussion (like CBT style), especially with a mental health professional, would be helpful rather than a hindrance in my opinion.
A food menu to me is like choosing between jazz, reggae, classical, death metal, etc. I can't understand how people don't notice or care about the difference :) I never get shivers listening to music, actually maybe once every 500 new songs I might get a tingle. I listen to music every day because my programming job requires it to concentrate in my office. If I've heard a song before though, I remember it too well and don't get any shivers. I could go days without listening to music though. Computer games on the other hand... Every single day. All my 40+ year old friends think it's weird I'm a gamer.
I guess you need to ask yourself some questions such as: * Have you been missing not having her in your life? * If she has truly changed, would you then want to be friends with her again? * Can you get over what she did? If you well and truly hate her there is no onus on you to reconcile. It sounds like your a very nice of person, perhaps the kind of person that likes to please everyone? If you are this type of 'please everyone' person this can work against you in a situation like this. Your automatic drive to please people is triggered by knowing it would 'please her' if you talked to her and reconciled. Just remember there is no onus on you reconcile or please her. Only do it because it's what you want, not what she wants.
I'd say you're very much in the minority :) that's quite unique in fact.
I'm going to give that a [solid 5/7](https://knowyourmeme.com/memes/57). Very good.
Only 1 year away from being a wizard dude, have you considered engaging a professional virginity removalist?
It's just like how I am good at hunting steak but not animals.
Yep and winning finals is about the other guys (sheed/shuey/yeo) getting goals because often the good forwards get shut down completely.
Yeah took about an hour for the Nintendo Switch (we open gifts early) to come online. It taught him delayed gratification though.
Fuck the relationship, say something.
Maybe if they give me $300 to replace my headphones it is "perfectly fine".
A 3.5mm jack on a phone doesn't preclude you from using wireless headphones. The lack of one however, stops me using my wired headphones. It's about offering your user's a choice rather than forcing down a path they don't all want to go.
How is removing functionality an "innovation"? Our phones have had bluetooth audio capability since forever. No one has been singing praises about bluetooth audio being "innovative" UNTIL they removed the 3.5mm jack. Now people come out of the woodwork telling us how inferior audio quality, charging issues, pairing issues and extra e-waste (headphone batteries) is somehow a great "innovation". This is actually what you are doing: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Choice-supportive_bias
I already know am I not forced to buy them but running around saying "oh it's so innovative" doesn't help things because it is not in any way innovative. It's penny pinching. Saying it is innovative is just drinking the corporate kool aid. The amount of phones with 3.5mm jacks is rapidly drying up due to "Apple copycat" behaviour by corporations. Lack of competition is bad for everyone that wants to retain the 3.5mm jack. If I want to complain about it so companies that monitor these subreddits get the message then I will. Customer complaints drive future product requirements.
Your Captain Obvious comments are pathetic.
Not true at all. Plenty of superior/inferior technology has been held back/advanced by consumer demand. The consumer is king.
If it was a non-issue people wouldn't be talking about it so much. It's a big issue. The corporate copycat culture is getting rid of a feature that MANY people want in their phones and reducing competition when selecting a 3.5mm jack supporting phone. The more we bitch the more they will listen. Going around saying "quit your bitching" is childish and unhelpful. If it is a non-issue then YOU stay out of it and quit your bitching about people who don't like its removal.
You'll like Australia! https://youtu.be/NE-al0xSFJo?t=198
Along with degraded audio quality - no thanks.
If you get shot by an African American today then you're still dead regardless of whether you removed them from your statistics calculation or not. Changing the stats to lie to yourself about the state of your country is pointless. Take out Russian mafia and what are the stats? Take out mentally ill and what are the stats? Take out the murderers and what are the stats? See, you can't just exclude an entire demographic to make your stats look better. It is what it is. If you want better stats try doing something about your country's shit gun laws.
Your country is a shambles right now. A criminal, dictator joke president you are unable to remove. Guns laws making you barely better than Russia for gun violence and orders of magnitude worse than other civilised Western countries and you haven't done anything for world peace since world war 2. If anything your country's activities have worsened world peace by creating power vacuums. Keep drinking that kool aid though.
Bluetooth headphones have been around for years and no one gave a shit until Apple started making their overpriced junk. It's quite simply "conspicuous consumption".
Bluetooth headphones have been around since 2004 fool. They're only being hyped now because of Apple and conspicuous consumption. https://www.sutori.com/story/the-history-of-bluetooth-headphones--N6tTxcaHeCN9YuGsFXqs52jh
Needs to be a secondary measure of update speed. Security fixes need to be applied on day zero but I get my S6 updates maybe 1 year after the security issue is discovered.
Works on proper steaks also. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ahe9xtwwUlA
Meh, she'll still be there when you need to take a break from gaming.
Yeah I know how you feel, it's winter here in Australia also &amp;#x200B; [https://preview.redd.it/zv1l69uc7w131.jpg?width=960&amp;crop=smart&amp;auto=webp&amp;s=7c0d29073e07d3e7f42fde22a3823379ebc47331](https://preview.redd.it/zv1l69uc7w131.jpg?width=960&amp;crop=smart&amp;auto=webp&amp;s=7c0d29073e07d3e7f42fde22a3823379ebc47331)
Neon pink. If you're gonna put on a show then put on a show :D
Yep I knew you weren't one of those people from your replies and the fact that you own a variety of sizes but some of the people that replied to you just looked at this thread as an excuse to hate on other people's choices.
Any civilisation capable of interstellar travel probably has the technology to kill us all from orbit (i.e., radiation, viruses, nanotech, star trek biogenic weapons). Flying around in earths atmosphere doing tricks for fighter pilots probably isn't the M.O. of a genocidal alien race.
Yes the assumption was they may not want a long winter :)
It's probably not considered metal to say something you did personally was metal but I'll say it anyway. Once I broke my arm badly (just above the elbow, lower right humerus) while riding my bike. I could see the bone sticking out of my arm about 2 inches. That wasn't the worst bit. The worst bit was my arm was facing in two directions at once. The top half of my arm (above the break) was facing forward. The bottom half (below the break) was facing backwards. The 'metal' (ish) thing I did was pick up my dangling useless arm by the wrist and twisted it around to face the correct way which was very painful (understatement) .
Maybe I will pick up some doggy deposits from the park's poo bin and send him a shoebox full via my AusPost accomplice.
Short Order is a rip off - $27.50 for a simple bacon double with a tiny chips. Varsity burgers are 95% as good and you get fries included instead of paying $6(!!!!!) extra for a tiny serve. Varsity (Waterford) also has alcohol and if an AFL game is on you can watch sports while you eat :) Having said that I preferred RoyAls flavour to all of them.
What area are you in? http://www.fishandchipsawards.com.au/State-Territory/Western-Australia Take this list with a grain of salt and vinegar because I've tried #5 and #14 and although they are delicious they do not compare to #109.
&gt;As much as I have faith in our guys, this game worries the fuck out of me. I hope Sydney coaches are smart enough not to win in a year when they should be trying to get the highest draft picks.
I enjoy that song, Gravity Drops is the one I least like but even that isn't skip fodder.
Well I do think Sydney are doing a quick rebuild right now. I think they're going to end up doing a 2 year version of what the Eagles did in 2008 to 2010 where we did 3 year rebuild - we went: Top 4-&gt;Bottom 4-&gt;Bottom 8-&gt;Bottom 4-&gt;Top 4. During that rebuild we got NicNat, Shuey, Sheppard, Gaff, Darling and Lycett. We clearly weren't bad enough to go from Top 4 to Bottom 4 without some "assistance" from the coaches and our rise from Bottom 4 to Top 4 proved that. I think the same thing is happening with Sydney, their team is better than their current ladder position. Sydney has an issue with a large fair weather fan base so they can't rebuild (tank) for very long or their fairweather base will lose interest. I think the issue is that even when rebuilding Sydney need an occasional win to keep the fairweathers interested so I am saying I hope they don't choose our match for that "keep them interested" win.
Pretty sure the council knew 6 trees died at the same time because they're the ones that had to remove them.
Well to be fair he hasn't had a need to tank yet. He inherited a great team from Paul Roos and kept them in the top 8 for years via skillful drafting/trading to keep the ship afloat. Only since 2017 are the cracks starting to appear and I think the sudden drop in ladder position indicates to me they are rebuilding. They are at _worst_ a middle of the ladder team, yet they're sitting easily in bottom 4.
Food hamper with lots of little things?
the rooster
great song
Well due to poor planning they ran out inventory after someone purchased their only bell.
Yes bring the [Streisand effect](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Streisand_effect) into full force.
/r/nothingeverhappens
I would say he falls more neatly into the domestic terrorist category than the serial killer category. His killing were more around drawing attention to his manifesto.
&gt;He certainly doesn't seem to fit the typical serial killer mindset. I'd call him more of a misguided revolutionary. &gt; Misguided: led or prompted by wrong or inappropriate motives or ideals I would say misguided is the wrong word as it implies his motives and ideals were incorrect. However we've seen many of his predictions come true. The way in which he went about bringing attention to his motives/ideals (bombing) was wrong. So he's better labelled as a domestic terrorist.
I thought they had a preference for men?
&gt; a serial killers outward social persona is extremely likable and pleasant to society. I'm in the clear
Yes, I've heard of them but they are two distinct cases. John Bunting was the Snowtown (South Australia) bodies in the barrel guy, Ivan was was killing backpackers and dumping them in Belanglo state forest (New South Wales).
It's not really about odds it's about the horror. A death by serial killer is likely to be far more horrific so it holds more fear from most people because it's a horrible way to die. For example I'd rather die instantly in a car crash than know I'm dying for 10 minutes while the plane falls from 30000 feet. Odds are the car crash is more likely. I'd rather die instantly from a lightning strike than be eaten alive by a shark. Odds are the lightning strike is more likely. I'd rather be blown up by a microwave than captured, tortured and murdered by a serial killer. Odds are the microwave will kill me. So even though the odds favour one side doesn't mean I don't have a strong preference to exit without experiencing major psychological trauma to go with it.
Guys we found the Grammar Killer.
Not really a choice. Children are forced to learn it before they can consent.
&gt;That's not just Islam. Clearly. &gt;When people get old enough they can make their own decisions in life That's like saying it's OK to (mind)rape you until you're old enough to say no.
Blue light from reading your phone stops your brain making you sleepy.
Start spreading rumours your ex has 4 different STDs
Millions of years of genetic memory. Remember all of our ancestors were rapists, murderers, hunters, etc. It's programmed into your genes to have these intrusive thoughts.
I broke it up into this: The weeping voice killer reported his own murders to the police. He used to cry as he reported it, hence the name 'weeping voice' killer. Search the Internet for more information about him.
Oh I wasn't doubting your claim he didn't like the left. I thought you might be joking or trolling with this line: &gt;the current situation of the United States with batshit crazy racist leftist loonies running about destabilizing the country. However it turns out you weren't joking and you're just batshit crazy. I'm not American but even I can see the only people ruining your country are the right.
Regardless of the sequence of events, his acts were to give his ideology attention so he's a terrorist.
Nice straw man but you're raising someone to believe in a magical man in the sky without their consent. It's also not a given that religious people will end up respectful and good. All you need to do is look at Christians and Muslims using their religion to justify their horrible behaviour.
&gt;Raising your children with the belief of going to hell if they are a bad person and commit sin isn't so bad. Are you even listening to yourself? You're saying that lying to children about a place that doesn't exist in order to control them by fear is OK. &gt;People without religion are worse. That's quite the opposite from my experience, they pretend to be nice but then you mention someone that doesn't conform their worldview (like a gay person) and then the hatred shows through. Most non-religious people are good because they choose to be good, not because someone controls them by fear with a 2000 year old fable.
I like your confidence
I'm going to guess it is the same as fries. The potato version is crispy crunchy and the sweet potato version is soggy and flaccid.
If you don't measure the ratios properly the alkalinity of the baking soda may come through. Some people are fairly nonchalant about accuracy when measuring ingredients. There is also no such thing as too crispy :D
\&gt; I eventually asked him why and he said because I had strong opinions about a lot of things. Opinions are like farts in that just because you have an opinion doesn't mean you need to express your opinion and if you do choose to express them then not everyone is not going to happy. Hold your farts in when in public and save your fart for when you're in an elevator with your best friend.
https://youtu.be/C8WLuQOLq5Q?t=29 https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ng-Ss9FbiJM
OK sure
Until they lobby for 50 or 100 year patents
I was trying to work out how the pubs I went to had crispy pork belly ready in 20 minutes and then I did [this recipe](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nnVUbiXQbpU)and it all became clear! Best pork belly I've made. My wife doesn't eat pork belly so I had 8 slices vacuum sealed in the freezer and would pull one out and roast it for 10-20 minutes and it was super crispy crackling with rendered soft fat.
&gt;We've been able to find our Android phones, tablets, watches, and Chromebooks for years now, but if your device is offline, the location you'll have is the last one where it connected. With the new features in Apple's Find My, users will be able to get their devices' locations even if they're no longer online. The way this works is that a disconnected iPhone or Macbook or iPad still acts like a secure Bluetooth beacon. It will relay its location, in an encrypted and anonymous manner, to other nearby Apple devices. This will piggy-back across an entire network of devices and eventually reach you. &amp;#x200B; Old movies: "Turn off your phone! They're tracking you!" &amp;#x200B; New movies: "Put your phone in a faraday bag!"
How would a university view a young student moving into professor's house? Isn't it going to be taboo?
It's a shame you couldn't save the boys. I'd have reported her to whatever child protection agency your country has.
&gt;No fatalities have been reported. It was cordoned off prior to the collapse so they detected the problem before the collapse. https://www.watoday.com.au/national/western-australia/we-thought-it-was-lightning-westralia-square-walkway-collapses-20190610-p51wan.html The other footbridge is also cordoned off and has security guards. Just in case.
Yes it's cordoned off also.
Police should be held to a higher standard as the public places their trust in them to fine upstanding individuals of good moral character. If they abuse that power we grant them they deserve harsher penalties not equivalent penalties. Derros are supposed to be derros, police are supposed to take the moral high ground and not behave like derros by abusing their power.
&gt;People should be punished more severely for assaulting police, it's also worse than the usual assault. I'm not sure I fully agree, is someone assaulting police worse than someone assaulting your mum, dad, wife or child? I don't think so, every person is equally valuable. The issue is really that current punishments for all types of assault are pretty shit. My worry with differing punishments is you get someone bashing a granny getting 3 years and someone punching a police officer getting 8 years. It's better just to give 10 years for both types of assaults.
The real issue is the police union defending this guy. He quite obviously abused his power and worsened the reputation of the police force as a whole yet they're standing on the steps with him denying his crime.
Fridge door handles are dirtier than toilet seats. &amp;#x200B; At least that's what I read or saw a while back.
Don't insult KFC like that
&gt; Tigers won't win the flag Also in the footy media: Eagles to win the spoon in 2018
For my wife, everything is daily, there is no weekly or monthly. Sheets daily, vacuum daily, clean microwave/stove daily, clean shower daily, toilet daily, clothes daily etc. I used to be a normal single dude that did his washing, cleaning, ironing, vacuuming by myself, on normal timeframes (like this guide) and she slowly took every job I was already doing because weekly frequency was too short. She now complains that she does all the housework.
I'm pretty sure my photo might be nearing its 15th anniversary.
My kid loves a bowl of 'plain'. Meanwhile I'm there drowning with pasta with 50 ingredient^^^# "bolognese". ^^^# (not really)
"Oh excuse me! Store boy! Come over here! Perhaps you can help me? What do the poor people's servants usually buy at this emporium?"
That's exactly right. You sell cheap at volume to regain hearts and minds then you start gouging people when you've won.
Ask her out, ask 100 women out, you either build up an strong tolerance to rejection or you get a date. win:win
Nope, programming for 20+ years as a job killed my passion though.
My (almost) 80 year old father told me that thumbs up used to mean "up your bum" (same as "up yours") so it was an insult in the old days (this is in Australia).
I'd split the sauce in two and add 2 cans of fresh tomato to hers :)
I know an opposite story: We knew a mature aged woman and she was the most anti-racist person around. She would come to the defence of everyone in matters of race. She eventually went back to university and got her law degree decided to become a defence lawyer for indigenous Australians. After dealing with indigenous Australians exclusively she has now become extremely racist against them. I find this somewhat amusing because she has limited herself to dealing with (mostly guilty) criminals and now she's the one generalising that they're all scum rather than realising there are good and bad in every group.
You need to target steaks with intramuscular fat not intermuscular fat. https://amazingribs.com/files/styles/content_body_600px/public/articles/hero/more-cooking-science/fat-types.jpg?itok=mnwhPmTV They retain the flavour of fat without having to big gross bits of fat.
&gt; He said he told the officer that he had autism and carries a card that explains his diagnosis but **we told him not to reach in his pockets in front of cops.** What a sad reflection of gun laws and policing in your country that you had to teach him that :(
No jack, no sale.
&gt; Bikini season is upon us folks For 50% of the planet it is winter
It's nice that you have that option to get it from a family member. It's also good that you're considering your carbon footprint.
[hidden unemployment](https://www.abc.net.au/news/2009-10-08/26958) is a thing for those that don't know
&gt;Fire bad clients early. So you increase your fees until they either leave of their own accord or are paying so much money they become good clients?
&gt; I can only imagine the great number of businesses smothered in the womb due to Republican policies. Didn't they just make that illegal in Alabama?
Yes this is a good one, lots of places sell Nappy/Diaper Cakes also. Then there is the nappy/diaper castle: https://i.pinimg.com/236x/dc/b1/0e/dcb10ec7fcbe0e94010fc9ab0d018ff4--castle-diaper-cakes-nappy-cake.jpg
I'm more pissed off that sometimes the AFL is not shown in high definition on free to air. This is the year 2019, there shouldn't even be standard definition TV.
Does it matter how bad it is when you shouldn't be using it?
I'm betting the broadcast rights for some of these sporting events probably have some (secret?) clauses around HD availability on free-to-air so that Foxtel can ram their shit down our throat more effectively.
&gt; better access to Chinese markets for agricultural produce Excellent, I love myself some food fertilised with human excrement.
Yeah but channel 7 has their high def channel showing junk while the footy is on. Reckon there might be something more to it (like broadcasting agreements)?
It chews fine but rubbery is the word I use to describe its lac of rendered fat. I personally find it gross, the texture more than the taste.
Every time I want to watch it's on 7mate.
I usually dismiss people who say "this is a false flag operation" as crazy conspiracy theorists but... This one actually looks and smells like a false flag operation. It's too obvious and convenient - Trump has been saber rattling at Iran and keeps looking for a reason to attack them. Suddenly Iran conveniently poke the bear. Doesn't smell right.
Looks amazing, did anyone actually try to eat the artichoke?
oh cool, that's quite a change
Nice! :) I was more wondering about the prep involved :) I guess because I'm not an artichoke eater (except marinated ones in a jar that I put on pizza). From what I understand you can only eat the heart of the artichoke and you have to do a lot of cutting (remove hard outer leaves) and cleaning (the internal hairy bits) to get to get something edible?
mum and dad will be so proud
Just out of interest how much does a full time barista make in a year?
Cool so baseline $50k and maybe a bit above. Thanks :)
I think some under 75s would fail this test miserably. People of all ages should do this test after any type of car accident or traffic infringement that involves poor judgement rather than disobedience (ie running a stop sign but not speeding)
Yes I am quite aware of ad blockers but it costs the same to get family music from Spotify so effectively the "no ads" inclusion on Google music is thrown in for free and I no longer need to install and update ad blocker plugins on many, many devices.
Could even be Mossad, they hate Iran right? They are experts at sneaky tricks. Pretty much any intelligence agency would have the capability to pretend being Iranian soldiers including Mossad. Unless the US captured the boat full of Iranians a dodgy video is no proof. Mossad also wouldn't kill a crew of innocent oil tanker workers IMO. Seems awfully convenient a camera was running to film them in the act as proof for the media but they were unable to intercept them.
Just tell them to get on their kangaroos and bounce!
That's the running joke (I'm Australian)
&lt;homer voice&gt; mmmmmmmmmmmmm cheap labour &lt;/homer voice&gt;
What do you mean? This all of this sounds perfectly reasonable to me: * His name is Jim and he worked at the gym * He was a maid of honour at a wedding caught the bride fucking the minister * He met his wife when he got caught cheating on her maths exam answers * His wife is his sister (home school?) * He is currently a doctor * He currently works at the most popular sandwich shop in a major metro area and makes 4000 sandwiches per day, works 14 hours a day with two tiny rest breaks * He runs a small business and an employee quit because they got bitten by a squirrel that a customer threw at him * He is currently a teacher, one of his students was raised by wild dogs and rescued at age 7 and he is now in his class and can only bark. * He was a security guard for very famous people * He works part time as a librarian on the weekends, an old guy returned a book 50 years overdue and got a $20000 late fee and got put in jail when he refused to pay * He got surrounded by 4-5 alligators when he fell in everglades water and wasn't scared * He's never eaten cereal in his entire life * He's one of the top ranked minesweeper players in the country * He's one of the top ranked volleyball players in the country * He was one of the top ranked furniture salesman in the region but lost his furniture license after selling a stolen lounge to an undercover furniture detective * He was attacked by pirates shooting cannonballs while he was sailing in the pacific, he jumped in the water to escape and shark bit his foot off and now he has a peg leg * He is 7 foot 6 inches tall * His teacher threw him into the rhino enclosure at the zoo and got stabbed by the horn and spent a month in hospital * I could continue but I think this is enough to show he isn't lying and his stories are completely plausible. Now we need /u/Shitty_Watercolour or /u/Poem_for_your_sprog to immortalise this guy.
It's funny how the government and companies constrain wages tighter than the nun's proverbial and then wonder why people aren't spending. Income inequality has risen a lot over the years, rich people are now extremely rich and the average joe's wealth has stagnated. If you want a strong consumer economy you need to fix income inequality by wages growth or some kind of forced equity sharing.
Consider living outside the US as another option.
Looks like a koala's toilet paper.
Well if ever they brought back slavery it sounds Kennett would be the guy that arrives 3 days early with a swag and a deck chair to make sure he's first in the queue.
It depends, is Toby Pinwill a C U Next Tuesday? You know what's great about me working from home on Monday. I can legitimately say 'see you next tuesday' to everyone at work.
For those who don't know what Konjac is: [https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Konjac](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Konjac) &amp;#x200B; They also make some gross smelling noodles from Konjac that is really low in carbs called Shirataki noodles. You can wash the smell off though and then you only need to cope with the disgusting snot noodle texture.
I've eaten them and prepared them properly when I was doing keto diet and the texture did not agree with me unfortunately. I'm glad you enjoy them though :)
Yeah nah, what kind of posh cunt shit are you buying? Coles white sandwich bread is $1.30 and Coles salted butter is $2.80. Of course you blow the budget going for half a kilo of the black stuff.
Not really a running joke but the show I quote the most in everyday conversation is Seinfeld. I'd say I've used all of these: * Low talker * High talker * Not that there's anything wrong with that * Man hands * Cantstandya! * Close talker * Delicate genius * Giddyup! * Hellooooooooooooooooooooo! * In the vault * No soup for you! / Soup Nazi * Re-gift * Serenity now! * That's gold, Jerry! Gold! * You are so good looking
https://www.facebook.com/watch/?v=295288728074680 Watch this video. TL;DW: The combined output of all the countries with ~2% emissions is over 40% of global emissions, so if every country that has ~2% says "It isn't our problem" then we're fucked. We've all got to step up and fix it together.
My in laws are from pommy land and 'trump' means 'fart' where they are from. Fart college sounds right up my alley, I think I could graduate magna cum loudly.
Don't worry dude when we hear Colombia we always think drug lords and coffee beans, not donkey fuckers.
OK well 1 or 2 times could just be an anomaly - so good luck in the future :D try the hitachi maybe if you still can't get there
What are the logistics of fucking an ostrich without getting your face kicked in anyway? Those things are fucking huge and scary.
TIL about arepas - sound good.
Nah don't waste your money on my low effort comedy :)
Sorry I didn't mean to misrepresent myself, I am not female. So I don't know if you get used to it or not. I had just heard good things about it.
Given my original comment got cut off in the screenshot I thought I'd include the remaining bullet points because it included my favourite furniture salesman comment. &amp;#x200B; * He's one of the top ranked volleyball players in the country * He was one of the top ranked furniture salesman in the region but lost his furniture license after selling a stolen lounge to an undercover furniture detective * He was attacked by pirates shooting cannonballs while he was sailing in the pacific, he jumped in the water to escape and shark bit his foot off and now he has a peg leg * He is 7 foot 6 inches tall * His teacher threw him into the rhino enclosure at the zoo and got stabbed by the horn and spent a month in hospital &amp;#x200B; This was just what I collected on the first page or two of history. I'm sure his post history is a comedy gold mine if you want to dig deeper.
I'm not crying, you're crying.
Yeah someone tagged my name in a comment and I came to see what was going on! haha. No worries about using it. I think it's against the rule 3 for me to mention the name so I can only say if you creep my post history a few pages down you'll find the big bullet point list you'll be able to follow the trail back to the user from that comment.
Someone dob Gil into [these guys](https://cdn.newsapi.com.au/image/v1/43a2ed4f87dc2fdd603cbc5045adab54).
Oh no! now I find out it got cancelled :( such an amazingly creative show
Can they just paint them with vantablack?
Betting advertising is currently at saturation levels though. At least the other advertising for bad shit is more sporadic.
Libra is a brand of tampon where I'm from. &amp;#x200B; It's like calling it Facebook Tampon
I can't imagine why people paid $100k to work 18 hours for 7 days a week want to be treated like the developers on $100k that work 8 hours a day for 5 days a week.
Correct me if I'm wrong but from my understanding there are two methods of heat transfer that require a material medium to exist (conduction and convection). These two methods don't work in the vacuum. The third method is thermal radiation and it does not require the presence of any material for heat transfer to occur because it gives off heat in the form of EM waves (infrared). Thermal radiation continues to work in a vacuum. So I'd say the satellite may have *less* ability to lose heat but it will still lose *some* heat via thermal radiation. Is that correct?
I think their argument is more deep than X causes Y. The issue is that if Stephenson has a gambling problem, he might have never had that problem if the AFL hadn't allowed sport betting companies to plug the absolute shit out of sports betting every second of every day. The AFL tacitly allowed those companies to normalise sport betting amongst AFL fans (and players). It's somewhat like the AFL saying "I'm gonna advertise methamphetamine heavily but if you take meth it's your fault if you become a meth addict and your fault if you use meth during a game thus your fault for causing the integrity of the game to be compromised". The AFL needs to attack the cause not the symptoms or they are indeed hypocrites. The problem is the cause is making them soooo much money.
hookers and cocaine ^^^^yes ^^^^i ^^^^am ^^^^joking ^^^^you ^^^^prudes ^^^^:)
As opposed to me where as soon as my front wheel came off the ground I'd be like: "OH NO YOU DON'T".
Nope. He wasn't paying attention or he was making a bad assumption. Nothing to do with speeding. I have ridden for thousands of hours (over 15 years) daily on a motorcycle in traffic like this so I consider myself somewhat of a "semi-expert" and I can definitely say this was due to his shit riding ability and not his speed. Watch the video and look for when his two fingers (right hand side) go out to apply the front brake. My fingers would have gone out to the front brake from 0:02 point in the video and yet he was only braking from 0:04. He would have easily stopped from that speed if he applied the brakes at 0:02 (and even 0:03). Basically he started braking 2 seconds too late because he either wasn't paying attention or he assumed the car would be through the intersection before he got there. He was going a good speed for the conditions. TL;DR - Shit riding, not speed. Still the cage driver's fault for making an illegal turn though.
&gt;When you preorder you’re basically reserving a copy of a game. Reserving a copy of something implies it is a scarce resource with limited supply. Digital download editions of games can be duplicated ad infinitum and therefore aren't scarce and you therefore aren't reserving anything, you're just paying in advance for early download access. Pre-ordering a movie on iTunes/Google Play would be a more apt analogy than a movie theatre ticket (which actually is a scarce resource). A restaurant table is also scarce as you only have 50 to 100 seats available per night.
What is this hentai heaven? Asking for a friend.
pretend to tie your shoe laces for 5 minutes
My wife and I went to the 'sex museum' in Amsterdam (tourist trap) and we were walking around looking at shit and then we noticed there was this dude who had been tying his shoelaces for a good 10 minutes. We all knew what was going on but we appreciated it because that was less awkward than him walking around with a raging hard on.
Heard? Are you a wizard?
If he was paying attention the accident wouldn't have happened so he wasn't going too fast for the scenario we saw on the video. He may have been going too fast for your imagined future scenarios.
The accident wasn't due to speed, it was due to inattention or mistaken assumption, any rider paying attention wouldn't have crashed at that speed. Have you ridden a motorcycle? i.e., do you know how fast they can brake?
You see otherwise we might recommend a gay gift instead of a straight one.
It's probably going to be on channel BitTorrent either way :)
Excellent!! I was in just thinking how much I needed to buy an ex-brothel.
Looks like a brothel.
Great job, got snowflake edge/lacing going on. Would consume.
Sell it back for 300
When a company declares a dividend they are effectively saying the shareholder knows better what to do with capital than they do. So small growing companies will reinvest capital to grow the company faster and large behemoth companies like banks that can't grow fast will declare dividends instead. When you buy a company that is not declaring dividends you are trading that dividend for a rapid growth in share price.
I'm gonna guess there was a "we'll pay you less now but you can be ruck coach on $500k a year after you retire"
"future phone might demolish current phone"
Totally agree, how many players are pushed towards the fence in every game, yet the only one they punish or report is when someone gets hurt. If they think fence pushing is serious then report and punish all fence pushing not just ones that result in injury.
Instant = 1.5 hours later :) Looks nice though.
That used to be the same when he coached us. No adaptation.
You could do a military style care package: [https://blog.uspatriottactical.com/military-women-hope-care-package/](https://blog.uspatriottactical.com/military-women-hope-care-package/)
Exactly :)
Your English is excellent compared to all the Indian people I have worked with so it's fair enough that you think this but I've seen many, many emails written like this. Maybe your English skills are just much better than average?
What rules did I violate? NSFW is not disallowed by your rules on the side bar, criticising a country's infrastructure is not criticising a race and as far I'm aware my linguistic analysis is not a reason to be banned. So why give me a warning for not violating any rules? Is this sub turning into /r/Australia?
I'm not vilifying indians, you're just saying I am. Comparing India's infrastructure standards with Australia's infrastructure standards is NOT vilification nor racism.
No that's just the way you've chosen to interpret it. I know my intentions better than you.
Get the project done in 9 days and I think you survive.
Not definitive I agree but I think more than likely this isn't a skate. Happy to be proven wrong.
I would find someone who can test for anxiety.
Big wad of butter, medium hot to hot pan, let them shallow fry in the butter. That's how I do it. If the white starts to bubble significantly then it's probably too hot.
5G test by Telstra in Sydney: [https://www.techguide.com.au/wp-content/uploads/2019/05/S105GSamsung5.jpg](https://www.techguide.com.au/wp-content/uploads/2019/05/S105GSamsung5.jpg) [https://www.techguide.com.au/news/mobiles-news/telstras-performs-blazing-5g-speed-test-new-samsung-galaxy-s10-5g/](https://www.techguide.com.au/news/mobiles-news/telstras-performs-blazing-5g-speed-test-new-samsung-galaxy-s10-5g/) Article says you should get double 4G speeds, so given some of the guys in this thread are getting 200 you should get 400. Personally I find 4G is more than fast enough for me. I'm never waiting for anything to load.
Maybe you're friends with /u/SchleppyJ4 https://www.reddit.com/r/AskReddit/comments/c4xbbn/people_who_have_found_their_friends_secret_reddit/erzbkcs/
&gt; ask any non-white gay about their experience on Grindr. What's your experience on Grindr?
I was already there!
"You ever parked your bicycle in an airplane hangar?" "You ever thrown a toothpick into a volcano?"
As a programmer, I wonder what happens to the car/bus' 5G technology when the network is congested or fails and how much value does the 5G car functionality have if it isn't required for the car to operate.
I have no idea what you're talking about? Did I make a typo?
[Two metres over before push](https://i.imgur.com/zmyuofP.jpg) [Got the handpass away before Guv was committed](https://i.imgur.com/UZ3T51u.jpg)
I'm not against 5G because I like fast Internet but I think this whole "5G is needed for nextgen solutions" is just a bit of marketing wank from Telstra designed to shut down criticism. 5G V2V comms systems are going to be a decade or two away.
https://www.wikihow.com/Create-a-Discord-Server-on-a-PC-or-Mac Just make one and spam it :)
Yet you'll still end up re-electing him in 2020 won't you?
ah yes, i did read that but then promptly forgot about it
Christine Make sure to watch the film though. edit: When in doubt, alliteration, Harry Honda or Heidi Honda if it's a girl.
The NSX is sold as a Honda everywhere else on the planet except America. https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Honda_NSX
The real issue is that Huawei completely downplayed their relations with the military. However, this lack of relationship appears to be a lie and the if they lied about something this important, then they're probably lying about not backdooring their hardware for the intelligence services also. Anyway, given that Google, MS, etc were involved in PRISM mass surveillance programs with NSA that comparison you made is damning for Huawei rather than revelatory. It means that the US government is correct to ban Huawei. Just as China should ban US companies that worked (and are still working) with the NSA. I don't feel sorry for Huawei being banned in the US, just as I don't feel sorry for any US tech firms being banned in China. Neither can be trusted. As an Australian we have to decide which country we have spy on us, China or the USA. We chose the USA. Just FYI, the US companies will still be working the NSA given the PRISM program is still ongoing: https://www.cnet.com/news/nsa-surveillance-programs-prism-upstream-live-on-snowden/
We chose to ban Huawei and went with Ericsson for our 5G infrastructure. I guess that means the EU can spy on us.
Fuck that happened to me in Saints Row 4 finale. I fucking hate that game now.
The US has broken off military ties with NZ (due to port access) yet they remain part of 5 eyes and banned Huawei. So there is more to it.
Use a volatility trailing stop so you don't get out too early or too late. Profit stops are generally a bad idea in all the trading system testing I've done in the past.
My opinion of US assassins is at rock bottom.
Let's agree to disagree. I think you're wrong, you think I'm wrong.
Dig it up and sell it on Jacaranda Tree.
There are websites like mojoupgrade.com that let you and your wife fill in your sexual kinks (secretly from each other) and then only show you where your kinks align. Might be worth a try in case you find a hidden alignment.
Lots of pubs have reduced pint prices since the mining boom went bust. I haven't paid $12 for a long time.
That's a very reductive viewpoint. Many of the people in the country where the fires are, did not vote the current government. You are punishing country people for the choices they did not make.
They aren't a company, they're a not for profit organisation. Keeping cash reserves is a smart move for when times get tough and the large reserves could literally be the difference between Wikipedia surviving or not surviving the next world financial crisis. So they're not really lying when they say it's needed to keep Wikipedia running. Building cash reserves is about insurance for the future and thus the argument that they don't need the money right now is invalid.
Fish sauce doesn't taste like seafood really. I add it to a lot of dishes where seafood would be a really wrong flavour to introduce (eg spaghetti bolognese) and it adds umami without adding seafood.
I say we continue to explore it
This is doing wonders for our tourism industry as well.
Meh, false dichotomy, my son is polite and gets to hug only who he wants to hug. Given all the kiddy fiddlers out there, kids should know about consent well before 8.
straw man *and* whataboutism - classic millennial ;)
&gt;Have you ever tried changing the ideas of a boomer? That's not a generational trait, it's a human trait.
I think that's a human trait rather than generational. I told many of my Gen-X brethren that there would be no jobs for them after graduation and they promptly ignored me and complained after graduation. The most important part of university/college is the correct selection of your degree/major.
I think communism works fine in theory, it's only when you add humans that it falls apart.
They eat too many avocados and drink too many flat whites, no wonder they can't afford a 7 figure mortgage! /s https://www.theguardian.com/lifeandstyle/2017/may/15/australian-millionaire-millennials-avocado-toast-house
Is that you Tom Hanks?
Try salted peanuts, you can barely eat a handful before you decide you are full. They are 50% fat (good fats) but that doesn't appear like it contributes much to weight gain: [https://www.healthline.com/nutrition/foods/peanuts#weight-loss](https://www.healthline.com/nutrition/foods/peanuts#weight-loss)
Sounds like my Kiwi knife I love so much.
Australia here :) I get them from the Asian supermarkets
I mean that could backfire badly "Why yes I have heard of the Book of Mormon! I love it very much! Let's discuss it in extreme depth. What church do you go to?"
In Australia we fund the ABC (equivalent of BBC) by taxing everyone and anyone that doesn't watch it can suck a dick. It also saves money on employing a bunch of TV police. Trying to implement a user pays system just seems like a dumb concept.
never tried it but search for 'triple sec orange chicken' rather than 'crispy orange chicken' and there are quite a few recipes online
shall we start with the rich? they have a nice truffle infusion and good marbling on the meat wagyu bezos
does being coated in animal grease / fat vapour from the meat grill count though? in reality it's indirectly flavouring the burgers with true meat flavour so you could argue the product does contain an animal based flavouring agent (whether it is intentional or not - and i think it probably is intentional)
Interesting, I was talking more about Burger King ones rather than take home
I guess it comes down to BKs intentions, whether it is just cost saving for each franchise (running two grills in parallel would be far more costly) or they intentionally make it on the same grill to make it taste better. If it's the latter then they're deliberately using animal fats in the product to sell it so ethically you're contributing. If it is just cost savings for BK then I guess ethically it is clear.
/r/LateStageCaptialism
Bullshit general questions on /r/AskReddit only intended to generate karma.
Learning game coding and a new language in 1 month is unrealistic unless you're a savant. That being said I think sticking with a game engine (like Unity) that does the heavy lifting for you is the better option when you're starting out and C# is an easier language to play around with. My nephew who did his "degree" in game development uses C# and Unity.
you can still make art - bed sheet canvas
They didn't explain why an "unnecessary files checker" is phoning home to Chinese servers though.
...because it was only 2 year degree and he went to a "university" not a university :) It was more of a glorified training company that charged a LOT of money and gave you a slip of paper saying "You have graduated from our game dev course run by our company". They also guaranteed him a work placement in game development after the degree and they didn't give him one. I told him this would happen prior to him enrolling and he, his mum and my MIL told me I was wrong and he would get a job in game development at the end. I told them our city has literally zero game development houses and he might get a job in the mining/geology/marine industry doing simulations or something but 0% chance of making games.
Yes I agree, the problem is also it isn't a recognised degree by a recognised educational institution so it doesn't count as credit if you wanted to further your education at a recognised university.
If walking around with Japanese people thinking you're going to pee your pants is your thing then I say go for it.
It's the [embers](https://pbs.twimg.com/media/CIr_IIfVAAAL2iT.jpg) you need to worry about
yeah i was triggered by the syntax error but i kept my mouth shut so i wasn't a total nerd
i love it, work of art, should win the Archibald Prize
yeah for preventative we (australia) do [fire breaks](https://www.dfes.wa.gov.au/regulationandcompliance/buildingplanassessment/Special%20Operations%20Guidenance%20Notices/DFE40125_Constructing_Firebreaks_Brochure.pdf) and fuel reduction. For active fires we do [back burning](https://www.lifehacker.com.au/2020/01/hazard-reduction-vs-back-burning-whats-the-difference/).
yep you were right
they are pretty good at purging themselves
People are still currently protesting in Hong Kong also. That's gone from the news media also.
You said: "you would be downvoted into oblivion as a climate change denier" So you probably got down voted because he ended his comment with: "what with a warming climate and all" Which clearly shows he isn't a climate change denier and even /r/news readers would have picked that up. (I have not down voted you)
yeah since the update I've gone from zero occurrences to 10+ occurrences
Yeah I guess it's just case that you probably got 10000 people reading your comment and saying to themselves "Yeah that makes sense" and not replying. 10 idiots however reply "hur dur climate change denier!" so it seems like from the 10 replies you've got 100% idiocy rate but it's just that you aren't getting 10000 people replying "I agree".
\#GibbonKeynoteCES2021 start it trending people
&gt;I’m so confused as to why she was even present at CES let alone giving a keynote. CES * She is a Consumer * She is Electronic * She is all about Show
You do realise we're talking specifically about Chris Tucker only and not Bill Clinton? Try reading the comment I'm replying to.
Enjoy these times because they stop doing it after a while :(
Yes a robot
&gt;People who **voted for Clinton in 2016** but are **intending to vote for Trump in 2020** what made you change your mind? The only problem is that he did not: * vote for Clinton (voted independent) * is planning to vote for Trump (said he is still undecided) So he was wasn't supposed to answer.
Yeah Trump is like the village witch doctor that tells you that he cast a spell that made it rain to break the drought. 'twas gonna rain anyway.
&gt;Plus, all that pedo shit. That was shady business guys. &gt;Whose lying will keep my wallet fat and I'd have a safe economy for my future kids? Maybe you weren't clear but that really makes it sound like you'll vote for a pedo if he makes you money? I hope that isn't the case.
&gt; the economic destruction that will come from their "plans" Mate, you have been brainwashed into thinking Sanders is some socialist/communist. He is still a full on capitalist. Sanders is talking about pivoting to be more like the other modern western countries (you know the ones with universal healthcare). They have economies that function very well and they're capitalist economies. Norway/Sweden/Denmark are the extreme examples even they are not socialist. You can actually have both a good economy AND policies that look after people. It's not an either/or situation and looking after people doesn't destroy an economy.
Re-read my comment, I think you're confused about what I was saying. You probably missed 'did not' part. &gt;The only problem is that he did not: (say he is) &gt; is planning to vote for Trump (said he is still undecided)
There was a Dot Com tech boom around that time if I remember correctly. I think that high '99 valuation came from it being a semi-tech company at the time. Any stock that was even slightly tech related was getting stupidly optimistic valuations. Either way, Telstra is never going to be a great company to buy for share price growth. If you have a company that has a $45 billion market valuation, then to go up 100% in share price you need to double its valuation to be $90 billion. If you have a company that has a $4.5 million market cap, then to go up 100% in share price you need to double its valuation to be $9 million. When you are already a dominant player, it is much harder for a large company to add $45 billion to your company's value than a small company finding a niche area to operate and adding $4.5 million to its value. Telstra is probably better for range trading or dividends because it's never going to be a growth stock.
all good my man, i wasn't very clear
I live in Australia and I've never seen snow. We have ski fields in some parts of Australia though (but I've never been there) https://www.snowpak.com/australia/best-ski-resorts?l=en-AU
&gt;this display screen *his* display screen as HE is an iPod Touch
No one is going to see this amongst the 25k posts but if you want to discover something you may not have heard then try listening to the album called 'Unit' by the band 'Regurgitator'. It's not a particular song that's good, most of the album is good. Should be on most music services because they were popular in Australia but not elsewhere.
No fucking way, I've got an 8 year old boy that makes every day worth living. I'm not exactly ugly and poor though (notice I didn't say healthy).
Yep dad here, go to work, work all day, get home, cook dinner straight away, eat dinner, be with my kid, put kid to bed, be with wife, she goes to bed early, stay up until 2am (Netflix, PC gaming). Probably not the best person to give advice but be aware of blue light (from your various devices) would be my advice, it shuts down the part of your body that tells you that your are sleepy. I have got myself back to normal hours quite easily just by going to sleep early on one of the nights I am actually tired and then going to bed early the next night also. I usually do this when I'm on holidays with the family so I can get up early with them. I usually fall back into bad habits though.
Donald Trump would have denied it even after the video of him pressing the launch button and a go pro video riding the middle all the way to the jet.
Just plug it into the TV and buy a Nintendo Switch Pro controller. That's what I did for my 8 year old. He never even uses it as a handheld.
He would have sucked as Neo, we all dodged an agent's bullet there
Protip: Ctrl-End keyboard shortcut takes you straight to the recipe.
This comment has future gold all over it.
oh really? I haven't looked into that one. Bummer. The name stems from that multi-functionality, seems like it should change name if it isn't switchable.
alcohol is helping lower your inhibitions to combat your social anxiety the drugs you're on obviously aren't helping deal with social anxiety and inhibitions perhaps talk to a doctor and see if there is something that'll do a similar job to combat your social anxiety
Thank you for your service ^*to* ^*corporate* ^*America*
I saw this crime scene van - they have a good sense of humour about it https://i.imgur.com/ObwDQDr.jpg
Australia has social security payments and government housing. Many of the homeless are voluntarily homeless (they don't apply for what they're entitled to) from what I've heard often due to mental illness.
So they choose drugs over a house? Sounds voluntary to me unless you're suggesting we should be funding their drug habit and their housing? As for housing shortages and suitable mental health accommodation I agree that anything like that should definitely be addressed by our government.
Said no tuna ever
You've got to give them a chance, "the one" might have got stuck in traffic for 16 years.
Hundreds of negative comments, 6000 upvotes.
I'm sure you already know this but a lot of other people don't realise returns are assymetrical, so a 50% account decline requires a 100% gain to get back to even.
Without Ledger the Joker movie wouldn't even have been created in my opinion. Ledger legitimised the role and made it worth the studio taking a risk.
Wow, just amazing. Turn this into a computer game and I am in :)
Rich people tell poor people this so they don't ask for more.
I was looking at this going "looks like a Perth BBQ school feast" then I zoomed in and saw the sticker.
Faux Cambro keeps meat hot for 4 hours or so after it's ready. They would have multiple people cutting and placing onto the table. They also run multiple BBQs in parallel.
It's on butchers paper and they use gloves, being in Australia the main concern would be flies.
Google "Burnt ends" (beef brisket point muscle, cubed, caramelised in a sticky bbq sauce)
Maybe they're saving their Bernie dirt/ammo until he's an actual threat.
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Devils_on_horseback
&gt;Hope you have a good life This definitely means it is over, time to move on.
how do you know 1 ingredient but not the other 16?
I think I know how this movie ends
It's kind of hard for cases not to be "connected to Wuhan in some way" given that's the epicentre of the virus. The question is whether the Wuhan quarantine has effectively constrained the international spread. My country (Australia) has been catching some people at border control (they quarantined 4 people and think 1 person actually has it) but have they caught everyone? What about all the other countries that may not have strict border controls like Western countries?
The 'West' is not so much about compass positions anymore, it's more about cultural, economic, spiritual and political alignment. https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Western_world
so if you search enough times you can work out the full ingredient list?
Yes true, most Western countries are historically white but lots of immigration is turning it into a bit of a melting pot these days. I guess they're still predominantly white though.
I am not an expert on viruses but I wouldn't get stressed yet, wait until there are cases popping up in Toronto before you worry. Once it is in Toronto then you're not being paranoid, you're being cautious :)
I don't really know those countries well enough to say but my perception from outside is that most of those countries are still economically developing nations with authoritarian or corrupt governments and with massive crime problems (whether that is true or not is another thing - but that is my perception of why they wouldn't be considered Western). Western countries tend to hide their political corruption far better by making everything legal (e.g., corporate lobbying). Most Western countries wouldn't be allowing drug cartels to operate with impunity also. Have a read of the wiki page sections relating to South America and Mexico as it seems to be a grey area about whether they are Western or not: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Western_world
https://www.perthnow.com.au/news/health/coronavirus-more-likely-in-one-of-four-wa-patients-under-investigation-ng-b881445335z caution: PerthNow is a tabloid, but sometimes they report accurately.
Oh ok I wasn't aware, as I'm not tracking which cities are getting it. I wouldn't worry about the one's they're stopping at the airport, but when people are catching it at malls and public transport then it makes sense to take normal hygiene precautions. Our company (40000 employees) has banned travel to Wuhan and only essential travel to China and told all employees who've been to Wuhan to stay home for 14 days and reminded the rest of us to practice safe hygiene practices. I think that's about the right level of action.
Hmmm maybe if you judge it on racial lines only, but there is more to the west than race. I think multiculturalism has played a part in many Western countries for centuries. We've got 2nd generation Asians in Australia that are more Australian than me (multi generational Australian). They've fully embraced our culture and also made it richer with additions from their own culture (especially their food).
That sometimes happens with the first generation but after one or two more generations they tend to assimilate. The exception might be religion, that seems to stick around.
Your software engineer jobs pay well, are they in some expensive city? If they ever need a telecommuting Australian I'm available for $200k.
Ok fair enough then I guess, probably needs 200k just to afford the rent/mortgage ;)
No because it wasn't there before, the star next to his post means it was edited.
Don't ban lobbying, ban donations like Canada has. Without money the companies are just another voice rather than the only voice.
&gt;(assuming China aren’t fudging the numbers too much) that's a big assumption
When you had time to take a long shit while you loaded a c64 game from a cassette tape. Upon your return you see it has crashed while loading.
India is worse IMO. Companies like TCS, HCL and InfoSys are flying a LOT of Indians all around the planet and these guys come to work rain, hail, shine, flu or coronavirus. If it hits India it will spread around the world fast. For example, Australia's big banks are constantly flying Indians into and out of Australia as cheap labour. Not Chinese. Chinese only come here on holiday.
hypothesis or theory?
whereas non British cows moo in Esperanto
I thought it was a reference to Hollywood fucking film goers with superhero movies.
The common answer is that the sum of all the &lt;2.0% producers is massive so if we collectively say "We're too small to make any change" then it'll leave a gaping hole. Everyone has to act. I'm Australian and I think we have to do our part. The other thing I think is that 1% isn't really a true reflection of our citizen's emissions. Australia has exported its entire manufacturing sector to China. Everything in every shop says "Made in China" because Australia wants cheaply manufactured goods. The cheapness comes at an environmental cost though because if China does nothing to stop carbon then Australian consumption of their goods pushes up greenhouse gas production. Australia instead chooses to point our finger at China and say "Bad China! You are the big polluter, not us!" while at the same time loading up on goods at the shop that are made in China.
Our voting system doesn't give Australian's a proper political representation. 10% of Australia voted Greens. We get zero representation because we don't have a proportional representation voting system. If we controlled 10% of upper and lower house we should have been able to block any anti-environment legislation.
If we got together (the countries of the world) and agreed that we stop importing from carbon polluting factories then exporting countries would create those, but there is no political will to do anything about it, we prefer just to blame China for their inaction rather than force them into taking action.
Who did you vote for then? I'm sure their policy is great.
one drop of rain in Perth has the slipping power of a cartoon banana peel
You don't force them directly. You do it indirectly, you could perhaps legislate that a US/Australian/Canadian/UK/German/Swiss importer can't import goods from any exporter that hasn't passed a carbon neutral audit (strict/regular/independent checks etc). That then forces importers (retail and wholesale) to seek out carbon neutral sources for their products or they can request their Chinese exporters adapt to meet the new international requirements (or lose all their export orders). You have to do it on a large time frame so they've got time to build out their production facilities. You also need most countries to join the agreement.
~~Duggan is still struggling with concussion symptoms at the moment.~~ I want Francis Watson in the team.
&gt;Checking out the teams of the 70's would be good to get some more historic look at things as another dominant period for us. &lt;troll&gt;AFL didn't exist until 1990.&lt;/troll&gt;
My dad smoked for 50 years and quit because it got too expensive (Australia) he was a true addict and still managed to quit because the price got too high. Sometimes these people that think it is too expensive and try to quit, need some Australia tax in their life to know what a truly expensive smoking habit is really like. My dad was going through a [$50 AUD tin of pipe tobacco](https://www.cigarhut.com.au/erinmore-flake-50g/) every two days, his habit was costing about $700 AUD/month (~ $470 USD). It's now $90 AUD per tin judging from that website (which would be about $850 USD/m).
plot twist: His cousin was Shrek
I think our teeth show we are naturally omnivores. https://www.quora.com/Are-humans-natural-herbivores
Fuck, I think you're right. My bad :)
and a powerful V8?
That's what happens when you pay for someone that is good at plastic surgery and get minor augmentations rather than getting mickey rourked.
what is your hypothesis then?
Kavorka!
isn't butter chicken made with tandoori chicken rather than roast chicken?
Try posting in /r/AmItheAsshole However the answer is that people should make sure they don't stink to the extent that someone needs to cover their face to protect themselves from the smell.
so uh... people have wifi/radio activated vibrators?
https://www.ato.gov.au/General/Capital-gains-tax/Shares,-units-and-similar-investments/Identifying-when-shares-or-units-are-acquired/
1. Gun owners: "We need guns to fight back in case bad people take over the government" 2. Government leaders are the worst people on earth 3. Gun owners: ...
Is your Javascript blocker plugin and VPN disabled? Otherwise: email sales@pccasegear.com or support@pccasegear.com
You just make sure you turn that box into a great cubby/boat/car/etc for your girl!
I love how no one disputes your point yet you are heavily downvoted. Leave a comment if you're going to downvote.
&gt;He works in a large, prestigious company and is a very career-oriented person. Some high quality leather backpack or briefcase for work?
It is not legal for people to give specific advice on your portfolio but they can give general advice. All time highs are not that bad. You can even design trading systems around them. This one needs some tweaks given the 2015 performance but you get the idea of how they can hypothetically be profitable if you design them well: https://www.thechartist.com.au/52-week-high-rotation-strategy-2/ Buy low, sell high isn't the only profitable strategy. It's also fine to buy high and sell even higher. Cochlear has been making all time highs for half of its life (in fact I'd say Phil Fisher-esque growth stocks are all going to be reaching all time highs on a consistent basis). Avoiding growth stocks is bad advice. You only need to follow the 'be wary of all time highs' mantra if you don't have a defined strategy for exiting losing trades/investments. You define these strategies by writing up trading plan that contains all your rules (market filters, buy rules, sell rules including initial stop, trailing stop and risk rules like what money/risk management strategy you plan to use). If you don't know all of that stuff then you should probably research it. Sometimes I think it's better to spend a bit of your trading capital on books and education (but don't go overboard with education as that can be another beginner trap). I'd suggest you start with Unholy Grails by Nick Radge as a decent starting point.
Just set it on fire when it gets dirty. That's what the wick is for.
All these BNPL companies have a risk that the government introduces some new legal/compliance obligations that severely impact their business models. Banks have been feeling this legislative/compliance pain for the past 10-20 years and these companies are going under the radar at the moment.
As a programmer that needs to concentrate this is FAR FAR more preferable to an open plan office.
I just purchased my son a Secretlabs Titan because he wanted a 'cool gaming chair' (birthday). Better effing last 10 years given the stupid price :)
Yeah even they get some bad reviews - I think they're 'best of the worst'. I forgot to say I reckon 60cm would fit your PC just fine but it might be tight-ish.
My mind starts to get blown when thinking about the Laniakea Supercluster. It's like our earth is a dot in the solar system, our solar system is a dot in our galaxy and our galaxy is a dot on a supercluster and most likely the Laniakea supercluster is a dot on our universe.
Love it!
Does he use headphones? Does he have some really high end headphones? You could get some really great headphones for under $1k.
I get people like this a [Universal Gift Vouchers](https://i.imgur.com/a8or64G.jpeg). They're accepted at all stores, have no expiry date and if you don't spend it all you get to keep the residual. I also love the way people roll their eyes at my stupid joke when they see what their universal gift voucher in their birthday card actually is.
It becomes a self-fulfilling prophecy. It's because you hide it and make it secret/special that it then becomes sexualised. In Africa where the tribeswomen do not wear tops I'm quite certain the men are not reacting the same way (as men do in Western culture) because it's normalised to see breasts every day in those African tribes. The men may still choose partners based on the boobs (as you say) but they aren't losing their mind every time they see a woman with their top off because it is very much normalised.
Protip: if your want 6 stop playing 5.
Maybe get him some strength training equipment to complement his existing cardio training. So perhaps get him some dumbells/barbell/weights, hand grips, exercise clothing, basically I think a sporting goods website would be the place to start. I'm not from UK but I can see kits on UK websites under 50 pounds. https://www.argos.co.uk/browse/sports-and-leisure/weights/dumbbells/c:30630/ Article on weight training for older people: https://www.nytimes.com/2019/03/20/well/move/lifting-weights-exercise-older-aging-muscles-psychology.html
I find if you apologise it puts them straight back into the mindset that you were the problem, not them. I would only apologise to avoid a meeting with HR.
Oh OK didn't realise he was morbidly obese :)
First paragraph sounds probable. Second paragraph sounds very unlikely.
You would probably be best to seek professioanl help from a psychologist (hopefully they have good ones in your 'third world country'). Cognitive Behavioural Therapy (CBT) is usually what they will start treatment with. I personally think this might is related to PTSD / anxiety. Anxiety triggers a flight or fight response when your amygdala detects a threatening situation. Part of this response may involve crying. Here is some more info about stress response: https://www.health.harvard.edu/staying-healthy/understanding-the-stress-response
I'd say in the beer context it is meant to represent the 'colonial era' not the literal definition of the word. The marketing people would be going for connotations rather than denotations. The intention would be to give 'nostalgia for the [good parts of the] colonial era' rather than 'approval of colonisation'. Some people just choose to interpret things in a way maximises the amount they are offended.
Interesting if true.. can you link your source?
The intent is stimulate the sector (increase demand) not to keep builders and land developers pocket's lined. If the combined house and land all go up by the amount of the subsidy then net price change is zero for the consumer and therefore it will have no impact on sector demand except from a few smooth brains who don't realise it is only lining the land developer &amp; builder's pockets. The difference is that if they don't raise prices it'll create jobs in the sector, but if they raise prices to match the subsidy not as many jobs get created. edit: cheers for the instant downvote :)
Interesting! Thank you, I guess in that case the complaint has more validity but still PC BS IMHO.
Are you OK with signing a prenuptial agreement? That would be my primary concern with getting married as I've spent a long time accumulating and I don't want to suddenly give 50% of my wealth to anyone if it doesn't quite work out as expected. As for your question I'd say something along the lines of: "For now we're just having fun to see if we're compatible. Without wanting to scare you, if we're still together after a two or three years and we are both still happy and liviog together then I would most likely be looking for you to make longer term committment. How would do you feel about that?". I wouldn't say the 'M' word, implying it should be enough.
I work at a bank and it was 'lend to anyone that is breathing' policy a decade or so ago but now they've turned the vice on who they'll lend to. Banks currently have zero appetite for lending to anyone that doesn't have history of being able to save for a deposit on their own because it shows they are going to have servicability issues even if they can meet the LVR.
I had a female manager who was extremely fake (fake stupid, fake nice, fake laughs) and I really just fucking hated her SOOOOO much even though she tried to suck up to me. So one day I sat myself down and thought "Why do you have such an irrational hate for her even when she's trying to be nice?" I realised it isn't so much the fakeness that annoys me. She was not a bright woman and I realised what made me angry is that by doing this act she was implying we were too dumb to detect her fakeness. The implication that 'she was smart, we were dumb' was the thing making me so hostile towards her.
I live in Australia in the suburbs and haven't seen a snake, kangaroo, koala or giant spider for maybe 5 years and when I did it was I was in the country. If you stick to the city you probably see won't see fuck all unless you go to the zoo. You may see a snake if you hang out at suburban lakes or suburban bushland reserves. We did have some ducks on our front wall the other day though. I guess it's like people living in suburban USA don't see brown bears, mountain lions, moose and buffalos every day but if you're in the country you might see them or if you make a special effort to go somewhere to see them then you'll see them.
some of them are reasonable but so much of the list just doesn't make sense it loses any value as a guide * takeout less dangerous than golf * walking more dangerous than takeout * golf 3 tennis 1 * camping worse than takeout * walking different from tennis different from golf * dinner parties different from restaurants indoor * enclosed aeroplanes safer than open movie theatre * church more dangerous than movies * grocery store different to malls * beaches more dangerous than a grocery store or hotel
Dodged a bullet there. Congrats. I don't think it is that normal. I'd never demand condom free sex with a woman. I'd be grateful to get anything :)
All economic systems have serious flaws. Looking at the USA right now it is hardly a good advertisement for unbridled capitalism.
it wasn't a normal job it was a brojob, CHOO! CHOO!
west coast argued that he used a fist?
did you find a good one?
Yep I wasn't going to chime in because this question was asking about restaurant techniques but for home cooking the pressure cooker is great.
Sounds like he got you to do your chores also!
Sometimes I give my kid an extra 30 minutes on screen time and say "dont tell your mother" (we have a parental control app that limits him automatically).
I assume a new cat/kitten would be inappropriate? A new video game is always a welcome distraction to escape from reality. Cooking - hard to know because we don't know what he already has. A new cooking item/tool is perhaps not really a spirit raiser. A new BBQ might be enough of a distraction?
beef tenderloin/fillet steak we called 'eye fillet' boneless rib eye 'scotch fillet' bone-in rib eye we called 'rib eye' cowboy steak (full length bone-in rib eye) we call 'tomahawk' (Australia)
This is not representative of the meat quality we have available in Australia just so you know :) we have grade 9 marbling if you want. Just depends what you want to pay on the day.
option 1: known bad quantity option 2: unknown bad quantity so obvious answer is take job 2
Yeah I thought that might be the case
Stupid sexy Flanders
&gt;Also, debating whether to barrack for Collingwood or Geelong. None of the above.
lost it at lady garden
Yes, my wife is like that. She will even refuse to try 'tastings' of the food to see if it to her taste.
LEGO is generally a safe bet.
if anyone wants to brush me a lambo feel free
Come on give him some credit, he is single handedly reducing coronavirus cases in the USA by stopping testing for coronavirus.
don't worry it's being renamed to Eagles river
We're waiting
Optus stadium would very busy but I think we could handle it.
we don't need a challenge, i'd just like some team to roll over like a good doggo
Nope, it's a VIConspiracy to train all the clubs at Optus so we no longer have a home ground advantage. It's like if you gave Eagles all their away games at the MCG. This is just more VIC Bias! /s
6 months of Xbox Game Pass (a subscription service) https://www.amazon.com/Xbox-Game-Pass-Membership-Digital/dp/B07BKXDW67 It is basically Netflix for games. It gives him access to ~100 Xbox games he can download and play. It's far better value than buying one game. They add new games monthly I believe. Learn about Xbox Game Pass here: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=t3fDMJxVziY
&gt;What is it that you're enjoying about WFH and not missing about office work? I have a programming job that requires low social interaction and a lot of concentration. When I'm in the office I get regular interruptions that drag me out of 'the zone' - it takes a good 30 minutes to get back into the zone. My interruptions are very minor now so WFH means I can stay 'in the zone' for hours. I have massively improved my productivity and code quality working from home. In the past I think our company leaders looked at WFH as being a slacker's paradise and thought it would kill productivity. However they've said they had noted an increase in productivity rather than a decrease. Our company was also going to have to lease a another office floor because they were running out of space on the current floors and now they've realised that "hey we're saving a shit tonne of money on rent and people are actually MORE productive now - WFH can be a permanent offering". It is great for getting work done but all those people who wanted/needed to talk to me must really want to get back to office. Too bad I won't be there! :)
&gt; My biggest problem with prebuilts, especially the cyberpower, Walmart, amazon, etc brands is that you can't actually see what the parts are other than the CPU and GPU. 98% of people that buy prebuilts don't want to know. They just want a system that they can turn on and use (and they definitely don't want to build a PC by hand). Prebuilts aren't really intended for people like us that want to know those details. It's like me and cars. I care about the engine being powerful but apart from that I don't give much of a shit how they accomplish it under the covers. So I always buy prebuilt cars :D
Standalone parts usually have better performance but I don't see them having less manufacturing defects. I don't have any stats but my intuition is standalone parts are RMA'd as often as prebuilt's are RMA'd. So many people talk of parts arriving DOA or having to return cards, etc.
That might be the case but it would be good to see some stats on it because we're both just guessing right now :)
Maybe enrol him in an art class?
I don't know far truck mirrors are away from the driver but when my side mirrors misted up like this I wiped them down with my fingers and that was enough to last the rest of my commute. IMO it is the truck driver's responsibility to ensure his mirrors are clean as much as it is the driver's responsibility to ensure his lights are on. I always drive with my lights on and I hope truck drivers are driving with clean, demisted mirrors.
We have transitioned from monolith to microservices and our systems are shit now. I really prefer monolith because it reduces external dependencies on our projects. We are a big company (40000 employees) and now when we code something we have to write MS Word documents instead of code, telling the API overlords what our new API is and what its interface is (we have to decide the interface before we even write one line of code). Heaven forbid you forget a field and need to update the API. The API overlords might deem you worthy of approval in a couple of months because they don't have performance SLAs. It's just a terrible bureaucratic environment to work in.
&gt;Source: self, I fix your shit. goddamn you assholes are worse than toddlers. So if you fix code then that makes you a programmer and therefore you are an asshole worse than a toddler?
More likely to fall apart in 2038 when the [UNIX timestamp rolls over](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Year_2038_problem).
You're not supposed to really read it - just read the conclusion/executive summary. You skim over them and then copy them into the project folder and mark "Security Report" as done in your project document matrix. When the people writing these reports are thinking "No one ever reads these things" they are right :)
Let me know if you find a job suitable for ex-programmers that doesn't have constant delivery pressure.
I do full stack dev at a big bank and I far prefer doing front end Angular work than I do Java Spring microservices. Angular is so much easier to develop on. I can make a change, hit save and it's already compiled and available in the browser. I only recently made the switch (to escape from our horrible Java development environment) and the learning curve isn't bad at all. Our Java environment has even more idiosyncrasies than our Javascript environment. I'm much happier doing front end as it also allows me to feel somewhat creative. I realised very late in my career that the reason I loved coding when I was younger is that it was a creative release and many of the tasks I was being given had no creativity. It was just "code this" or "fix that" or "change this text to that". It is the creative aspect that makes me happy.
&gt; MuleSoft I've yet to have the pleasure. Is it good or bad?
&gt;if you're a a good person don't you think that'll annoy the cat people?
Vic clubs will probably request to host it where it makes the most ticket sales. They're bleeding cash like everyone.
Start a consultancy that specialises in it now and then hype the fuck out it. You'll be a billionaire.
What part don't you get? It's the exact same situation as Y2K bug. We're going to need a massive effort to turn it into a non-event. Y2K was a non-event because the world got together and fixed everything before shit hit the fan. It's going to be far bigger effort upgrading UNIX in my opinion. It isn't all going to be like Y2K where you can just make surgical fixes. Many businesses have these old legacy systems that are kept alive with band aids and sticky tape. Some of these will need to be entirely replaced and rewritten. Y2K was like getting a skin cancer removed UNIX 2038 is going to be a heart transplant for some organsations.
Read the question :) it clearly says they don't want to give cookies &gt; Since I don't think my usual homemade cookies would be a good option (cause of covid) edit: downvotes don't make me wrong - i'm still right
DH is wrong, wine is fine at any time. Maybe a pot plant would be nice. Any gift you give is not going to be covid safe because you have to touch it. Cookies aren't really going to be more dangerous than wine or a pot plant - but they may end up in the bin after you hand them over.
This person is obviously conscious of hygiene so in that case a bakery would be no cleaner than their home kitchens (in terms of coronavirus). The cookies come out sterile from the oven (due to the heat) - they get placed into containers with tongs. Bakery isn't going to do it any cleaner than that. Even my local bakery posted a video of their head baker kneading dough with his wedding ring on (very gross).
