Where in my response did I say the Sixers were better?
You mean, the Pompeo visit wasn’t a a coincidence? He didn’t go out there to see how things were hanging? I’m shocked
I’m hoping it’s Post Malone’s flex
I’m a simple man. I see Bill Simmons, I know to avoid
25 drum stick, 15 thigh, 10 breast?
I would give it my all. Then feel shame. But, fried chicken
Also, it can’t possibly be easy having to navigate 9-11 and everything after the fact. Those were very angry times, and Americans were looking for answers. I blame Bush for not standing up to his inner circle. I think he put too much faith in those people because his father vouched for them. And then the military industrial complex too over, and that was that People will act like Bush murdered all of this Iraqis, but if we all rewind our brains back to 2001 and the amount of hate/fear/bloodlust that was coming from both aisles, those Iraqis never stood a chance. It was only a matter of who would take advantage of the situation, not if someone would take advantage of the situation. That’s why we see Bush as normal now. He should’ve never been president and I think everyone acknowledges that.
That’s not how democracy works, though
Which means that every American who voted for those congressmen are complicit in the murder of Iraqis Bush should be held to a higher standard, but I would never want to be him after 9/11. Situation is absolutely fucked
Not really. Politicians are civil servants that serve their people. If the people want blood, they’ll get it, or vote for someone who will. We’re all complicit when Congress declares war.
I have low standards because I don’t think much of the American voter
9/11, Afghanistan, Iraq, Katrina, 2008 Recession One could argue successfully that some of those are his fault. But yeesh
Setting a bad precedent. Dems will just fuck the republicans over ten fold. It gets spicy
Score was a lot closer than the game felt
If this economy goes south, Fox News is gonna have a very tough time searching for positives
Don’t. It’s bad. Last episode I enjoyed was the debut of the new center
There’s a particularly satisfying event in the middle of season 2 that you should watch for
Depends on a variety of factors. If you don’t care about breed, then adopting is probably the best for you
My buddy has a pit bull and I love it to pieces. But every time I walk her, she requires a muzzle due to past issues. Fun dog, cute, loving, but I definitely have to keep an eye on my surroundings when I walk her
Man...that stuff looks delicious. Goddamn
I’d eat this in a heartbeat. Yeah, it’s be my last heartbeat, but damn it looks delicious
Ant-man and the Wasp is out on blu Ray. Captain Marvel is not yet out in theaters. Something might happen at the end of Captain Marvel and they don’t want to spoil it by showing Captain Marvel at the end of the trailer
It’s never too late for people to change, my dude. I’m glad your dad is feeling better!
I’m just glad JJ can take a joke
As with everything else, it’s a bunch of redditors talking about the stock market. Gotta take it with a grain of salt
Should’ve pushed harder on the Confederate States during Reconstruction
Guarantees a paycheck via 2-3 more seasons of air time
If you want to watch good fundamentals, watch the WNBA If you want to be entertained with less of an emphasis on good fundamentals, watch the NBA
I was thinking more: Tommy gets the cow shit rinsed off of him after a night of cow tipping
Or, it made him look like a dad that might have to worry about custody battles in the future. Bet your ass Jen would use that as evidence of how Ron isn’t fit to be a father
Holding onto the ball too long was significantly worse than any missed throw
Votes are votes, my dude. Count them and call him an asshole later, but still count them
I know bullets and conventional warfare have 0 effect on Kaiju, but it’s sweet as shot seeing helicopters et al fighting the monsters, even if it has 0 effect Same reason why I love the opening volley scene in ID4
I’ve found that my hair looks like one of those ergonomically correct biking helmets when I take my hair out of the bun
Trae Young looks like if the not Shia Leboff kid just got out of juvy
Pay your taxes
So this is what peak Economic Anxiety looks like
I want to keep Fultz until at least the end of the year anyway, so this is music to my ears
“Get on the scale” “Get off the scale”
As someone who watches ESPN, Max and Stephen A are at the bottom of what I’d deem watchable
It’s day-time sports talk tv with shitty personalities that are created to generate views. Do yourself a solid and start to DVR tv shows to watch during the day if you’re gonna expose yourself to said garbage
Our economic system (mainly, emphasis on profits) enforces shitty behavior
There’s a couple of civil war movies that paint the Confederacy in a positive light and it’s insinuated that slaves fought the Union because of pride in the system that allows people to own them It’s not a far stretch to then say “oh hey, black folk weren’t slaves, they were working the farm for food and shelter”
Between Redick shooting our team out of the game, TJ getting cooked by Dinwiddie, and Korkmaz showing why his contract wasn’t extended, it’s just too difficult to pinpoint what went wrong
Why? His defense is atrocious
3 turnovers, didn’t really feel like he affected the game I was very surprised by his 18 points. Didn’t seem like he scored that much tonight
That would explain it. Forgot all about that while Dinwiddie was taking a shit on TJ and Furkan defense
That transition was hamfisted as fuck Dear lord
Video is eye witness testimony that the jury will look at when deciding her future
It’s a good book, and I can assure you that the child gang bang isn’t the most messed up part of the book. People just like to freak out about it. In the context of the book, it’s not that traumatizing.
Meh. I really enjoyed It. It’s much more than a tongue twister, and they take a strong female character like Bev and reduce her to a damsel in distress in the movie. Didn’t like it one bit
I mean, a government shutdown that carries right into the New Year when Dems have the House? I’m willing to wait. Sounds like a solid way of spending the last days of having the House, Senate and Presidency Dumbass
Your wall is a joke and a half that is damn near logistically impossible Otherwise sure, you get your wall. You probably believe in unicorns, too
Japan’s a fucking island. Their wall is water
This is what happens when money buys you lawyers throughout your whole life and every fuck up is answered with a call to your lawyer
I’m saying that the comparison is crap. Japan is a different situation than the US and have natural boundaries that act as a wall I’m completely against the wall, because it’s expensive and silly
Yeah friend, I’m also not the person you were responding to Was just adding to the discussion that you can’t really compare the borders of both countries
I mean sure, that’s what they’ll parrot to their hive mind But anyone with a brain will see that this is a petulant toddler fighting with the adults at the table because they don’t want to finish their vegetables
I have no doubt that it’s shitty for government workers, which makes it even more interesting that Trump is willing to die on this hill. He won’t win over any additional support. Seems like a losing battle for an unpopular wall
The Native American thing also killed any interest I had in her
Spencer owes TJ a gift or something
Sounds like another Jurassic Park movie I’ll wait to watch on HBO.
I had gone in thinking “it’s low level hazing, it’s not a big deal” And then I watched the toilet paper incident, the “choking” incident, the rape comments After watching the 30 for 30, I think Bob Knight is a piece of shit. Shame on Indiana for inviting him back. Knight wishing death into those who brought him down was a nice touch. Bully gets bullied. Fuck him
Shooting isn’t the issue. The problem is the Sixers surrounded Ben with just shooting and not complete all around players.
Also, not my experience that people start to believe in weird shit Chances are they’ve always been weird, and acid or molly lets them wave their freak flag
Just like Pompeo’s trip a day after the assassination to get everyone on the same basis
Give businesses millions in tax give backs, they just reinvest in themselves and cut jobs to make profits better. Time to see what happens when we put the workers first. Sure, jobs will still be cut, but if they’re cut regardless based on the whims of a business, why not put workers first?
It was nice seeing Bill get a win and Bobby getting to be Bobby
At some point, Trump is going to try and give someone the Karen treatment and tell them that there’s free fur coats down the alley and to the right
Even if she was dead, we’d be giving her the Weekend At Bernie’s treatment for as long as we could
This is what peak 151 looks like
Ever since Kailah pissed herself in the bed, she’s always struck me as a bit ridiculous
The rumor’s always been that Lilo was a high end escort due to her love of Dubai Dear lord, age and drugs have not treated her well
I saw golden retriever face with Aussie shepherd color
Escape from LA is just a fun movie. Watched it as a kid a dozen times but the plastic surgery really freaked me out as a kid
Gia’s also just an asshole. People who feel like they can shame others on what is and isn’t talent are shitty people
Nah bro. Totally normal. The muffin top makes me feel some type of way
I tens to agree with you. My initial response was “someone never got off the 4chan boards”
This would be a great idea, but the tax cuts have already been given out. We’d need a tax increase, and then a break later on with these regulations tied onto those tax dollars
Bacardi 151 is the proof. 151 proof is 75.1% alcohol by volume, I believe
I wasn’t really entertained by any of what Gia did She just came off like an asshole. But, different strokes for different folks
Hunt For Red October Miracle Red Dawn (make sure it’s the original)
For the party of responsibility, when a republican says that something is going to happen, it’s our responsibility to make sure that there’s accountability If you run on making Mexico pay for the wall, then Mexico pays for the wall. If you can’t achieve that, then you should be held accountable
The last one was definitely the worst. All of the jump cuts made me queasy and I couldn’t finish the movie as a result I think you’re being overly critical on 2, but hey, people like different shit
No, he was just bottling all this up and gave us Last Man Standing as a punishment (I liked the first three or so seasons)
Movie was sweet as hell. Good pick
Even with rest, this Sixers team loses this game. Sixers are ass against good teams
TJ sucks I’m glad we’re on the same page
Markelle won’t get bodied by Brynn fucking Forbes lol
Memphis and Indiana?
Yes, what I’m saying that while the back to back is an issue, the Sixers can’t beat teams on full test. Toronto on Saturday will be an interesting showcase
If Markelle is dead weight, TJ is that dead weight that is constantly getting heavier and harder to manage
What does a players selection in the draft have to do with player comparison? Are you saying that TJ is better because he wasn’t drafted 1st overall? I don’t get what you’re saying. We can all be disappointed in Markelle, but that doesn’t affect player evaluation
Right, so you’re agreeing that Markelle is a better player, just has a higher cap hit
What kind of psychotic parent uses a firearm to teach a sex Ed lesson? Oh wait, ones that are uncomfortable talking about sex with their kids
Maybe, but let’s say 10% of these types end up using protection, that’s 10% of those kids not suffering through being unwanted and potentially dying in a car Contraceptives are preventative medicine. All we can do is offer better choices
Really depends on when each were taken and how often
I’d imagine the NRA is going to lay low for awhile
Also, the Russian agent in question is still in the headlines
You know, I thought it looked weird
Gia’s performance didn’t do much for me, neither did the split for the 1000th time
Look, I’m sure through the trickle down economy or by pulling yourself up by your bootstraps, you’ll be able to get through this
That wouldn’t be an offer, but a mandate, which puts us down a darker path imo
These are the type of dudes who use excel and create algorithms to play FanDuel
I believe that. I can’t explain the sophisticated shit
No need to be an asshole, friend. We can all enjoy and be entertained by different things. What Gia did was not one of them, for me
If you’re looking for actual news, I would suggest not watching Laura Ingram or Tucker Carlson. Both are douchebags and cogs in the propaganda machine. If you’re looking for Fox News TV that presents different views, my suggestion would be Fox at Five, or whatever it’s called, with Jesse, Juan and Gutfeld. There’s a piece where Jesse’s mom texts him and tells him to stop being an asshole more or less Oddly enough, I’ve grown to enjoy the show. It doesn’t take itself as seriously (or at least I don’t), but it’s fine gym tv Edit: I fucked up and wrote “actual news”. While I do believe Fox at 5 discusses the news, the opinions provided are more entertainment based than informed
He still is, but Juan gives him a run for his money. Gutfeld is a knock off Tim Allen. From what I’ve watched, Gutfeld is less in the hate immigrants game and more in the “stupid liberals” game. I’ve been able to stomach that, just like I’m able to stomach Last Man Standing.
That’s just your opinion, man I enjoy the show, but realize that it’s propaganda
I mean, seeing someone’s mom tell them they’re an asshole is highly entertaining to me. It also provides insight into the situation. I’m not watching Fox at 5 to be informed, I’m watching it because I get two different sets of viewpoints with comedy thrown in. I’d suggest it as a show and compare it to John Oliver. Sure, if you want to be informed, watch something more informative. If you want to watch the ESPN equivalent to sports, watch a show like Fox at 5
That’s a fair point! Admittedly, when I watch the show, it’s on at the gym with subtitles I don’t know if I’d ever watch it from home, but I don’t watch CNN at home either
There was an ESPN piece that showed a couple of those tech guys doing this to baseball That’s when I realized that farming is a real life thing
I welcome all of the Dino’s. Politics aren’t clear cut , but rather a range of ideals
This ain’t going out into the field and farming wheat.
It’s the fucking Knicks
The alien dies, obviously
HES TWEAKING MAN. LET EM TWEAK!
It ain’t bias if it’s factual homie.
Washington Ave, but if the people who live there want South St, not going to tell them any different
I would’ve said Girard
Honestly I think it’s something that Sam would say
Well, he walks away, his business fails, he claims bankruptcy, and starts anew somewhere else. This is his MO
“ I’ll tell you what’s at the bottom of it,” he said. “If you can convince the lowest white man he’s better than the best colored man, he won’t notice you’re picking his pocket. Hell, give him somebody to look down on, and he’ll empty his pockets for you.”
“Drinking, drugs, hookers, tinder, bumble” Well I know what’s going on my profile!
I watched Redneck Island and enjoyed Redneck Island. I’d say it’s more Hunter types than Cohutta types, maybe a 80-20 split. They also had their version of Big Easy. Did survived a couple of challenges and then was sent home
MTV is smart and knows that there is a void left behind after Mob Wives ended. I enjoyed Mob Wives so I’ll be watching this dumpster fire while at the gym
I expected the GOP to kill the filibuster for the short term gains. I guess there’s a silent majority who want nothing to do with this wall, or the optics killing the filibuster would carry into the future
Sorry dude. That 7 year old getting impaled by rebar pretty much nixed any shot Trump had at a novel prize. Let’s not forget the sexual, physical and emotional abuse suffered by the immigrants due to Trump border policy where kids are put in cages
The R rating is a piss poor attempt at being politically correct while evaluating a Stephen King story I’d imagine once they saw Stephen King they labeled it R and didn’t think twice lol
That’s my feeling on the matter, too. Since Supreme Court justice nominations are only once in awhile, the fallout from killing the filibuster is big, but it’s once awhile. Killing the filibuster for something like this would likely mean a simple majority for all things Senate, and I don’t think GOP wants that
I mean, church donations and churches providing homeless people a place to sleep is crowdfunding before crowdfunding became popular. Donating to food banks is crowdfunding Crowdfunding a wall is spicy because there’s no way for this dude to actually follow through with this wall. So you’ve crowdfunded a wall, how do you acquire permits to build on land that’s not yours? How do you acquire the material? This dude doesn’t have a contract. This crowdfunding the wall is some of the silliest shit I’ve ever come across. But hey, I’m not gonna tell people how to spend their money. If they want to burn it in a fire pit just for the brown people get smoke in their eyes (along with themselves, but they don’t care about that), then by all means, donate to some random dude
Was going to say: these aren’t the lower my taxes type of hillbillies. These are the DRUGS ARE BAD MMKAY hillbillies
At least you don’t get fucked in the morning. You could be going southbound in the am and northbound in the pm
Knights doesn’t go to state. Knights dumps into Frankford. If you’re looking for a side street, you can woodhaven to Bristol pike and then cut over on tennis ave
You’re assuming all of these homeless people have the capabilities or will to do these things. Trying to convince the American public to donate to homeless adults is always going to be rough. It’s an easier sell when children are involved
50 mins to an hour easy from the far northeast. Is what it is.
Chadds Ford involves 322 to 95. The bridge you’d have to use is complete murder. 322 to 95 is murder. My suggestion would be to live in the burbs and have the ability to hop on public transport and get into the city
Amash votes like a libertarian. Taxes are bad, bailouts are bad, tax cuts are good A couple of years ago I voted for Ron Paul, and Amash was one of the up and comers. Shame he has to label himself as a Republican
I mean, I wouldn’t use this picture because of Tyrion’s backstory. Far from a nice guy
Both of you will enjoy whatever time is left hanging out, cuddling, and watching tv while spoiling him with treats Yes, it can be very sad, but it can also have these amazing little moments where you’ll be hanging out and then there’s a montage that plays in your head of all the best times you’ve had. And then you hug him again, give him a treat, and continue hanging out
Lol
GOP Barbie, one on the same
Reminds me of that scene from Any Given Sunday where the lineman has had enough of everyone’s shit and let’s a gator/croc loose in the shower
In the Philly series, he had Redick guarding him So yeah, like Korver
If it makes you feel better: capitalism is a joke
Fair enough
We don’t really need cars to get around. We could walk everywhere, it would just take time. Do you consider cars a waste?
Lol ok then
Price competition isn’t a real thing. Corporations have no interest in competing. They would monopolize and all have equally high fees
Redick is such a negative when his shot isn’t falling. Pure ass
Don’t worry. JJ here to give the game back to Boston
Are we sure JJ Redick didn’t have money on Boston in this game?
Ben was fine. The problem is that The Sixers have pieces that provide one skill and nothing less. When JJ Redick sucks (like tonight) he’s a liability on the court and such a huge negative. But because he’s a shooter, you have to let him shoot out of his funk. His poor performances were a big reason why Boston won in 5 last year
When JJ is off, he’s being taken advantage on defense and isn’t providing anything on offense JJ might not be a good fit going forward
Same thing happened last year in the playoffs
That’s the thing. I think you go in a different free agency direction. I think he’s the best option on that team. But I think we need more of a two way forward that can defend when their offense isn’t working
Basically Simmons is good against average NBA teams. Against good teams, he’s bad Kinda puts a ceiling on it
And this is why instituting policies and then saying “well, they knew what they were getting into” isn’t a good idea. Most American voters don’t have the stomach to watch innocent people die
I was going to say: isn’t there a rule about military personnel displaying their political beliefs while in uniform? I’m not for or against, just curious
I think he defines Americans as liberal hating, immigrant hating and born in the US
In the article there’s discussion of troops already having them and bringing them to get signed
When you have nothing else going for you in your life, you tend to have a hard on for things like guns and coal jobs, because Rs the only thing you’ll ever have
Don’t worry about it. It can get weirder. Apple pie flavored vodka with whipped cream and cinnamon gives you apple pie shots
When I was in a fraternity we used to have around the worlds for social gatherings, and someone would always do Ice 101 and Chocolate sauce. It’s been awhile so i forgot the specific brand of Schnapps
All Klay really needed to do was visualize the basketball as a roll of toilet paper
I was looking at it and my first response was “yeah, now my back hurts”
Redneck jersey shore is the comparison I’d make. Buck wild was red neck Jackass, but with a storyline
I’ve been watching Battle of the Seasons from 2002. MTV still had fantasy teams where you picked two characters and won points
Got very bored of the show somewhere in season 3 where Portland was a zombie fortress. Is this show worth finishing?
I feel like I dodged a bullet by DVRing this game and only watching the first quarter
And TJ wasn’t really threatening. Evan Turner abused his ass and child protective services should’ve been called in
While I want Ben to take more jumpers, it does suck seeing his jumpers not even hit rim
Ask yourselves this question: does Elizabeth Warren win states like Michigan, Ohio or Pennsylvania. Does she appeal to middle class white people without any education
This isn’t correct, but hey, believe what you want. There are plenty of self made people who didn’t go to college but make bank
I’m for Tammy Duckworth, but I agree with you. She’s not an exciting pick and is pretty meh. Nothing particularly spicy about this choice
Triple doubles are fun to keep track of, but it’s nothing special until someone does it without using one of points, assists and rebound. Getting a triple double using blocks or steals would be huge and something impressive. Now when someone gets a triple double, it’s like “yeah, cool” and that’s it. I guess what I’m saying is that a majority of triple doubles aren’t really impressive
The beat and only contribution that character made to the office
Gotta appreciate how free will has evolved to a point where our own species is trying to kill us by way of less evolved mechanisms
The joke goes deep, just like the bunker busters
I think it really depends on the context. You can be a very immature person at the same age of someone who is beyond their years It kind of makes sense that Odom looks at Kobe as a father figure because Kobe already has that vibe about him that he knows his shit and expects you to get your shit together. Odom obviously didn’t have his shit together, and he looked at Kobe for direction and support I probably would’ve gone “older brother” figure, but I can see the “father figure” application
Funny, I really didn’t hear about Rich Paul until he tried to force a trade out of LA like a clumsy newborn baby giraffe I don’t think it’s a race issue. It’s a LeBron issue, but because Lebron’s the player, Rich is the agent, so he gets shit
Yeah, I think if you’re purchasing these tickets, it’s not an either/or discussion. It’s more of a “if I have the time to do both, I’ll do both”
Meh. Not all of them are date rapists. But you do you
I mean, I agree. Just because a bunch of Cult 45 were born in America, doesn’t make them Americans If we could pick and choose who should be in this country, that would be fun. Majority wins, right? Oh wait
Also, Lamar Odom might be more immature than your guys at work, which tips the scales even further
You’re going to feel however you want to feel about it. I have no interest in changing your mind. Good luck
If we get to arbitrarily say who gets to be citizens, then I welcome this thought experiment.
Maybe! If this meme tells me anything, it’s that the person could also be a mouse?
The talent drop off is too pronounced to be playing in the “will they or won’t they”
Like a dirty cop telling other dirty cops not to talk to Internal Affairs because they might find out how shitty cops are
Sometimes things get a little bit dirty. When you encourage your followers and satisfy them by making liberals cry, well, people will stop crying and start getting angry
Y’all should read how Trump’s transition team handled agencies like the Department of Energy This shit’s been going on from the start. There’s brain drain and then there’s intentionally hitting yourself over the head in hopes of brain damage This is the latter
A lot of people going to college. Not a lot of jobs that require 4 years of college. So you have people who end up doing jobs that ordinarily wouldn’t require degrees But now, since there are so many people with degrees, jobs that do not require degrees now ask for degrees. Because there are so many applicants, the degree is needed by default. So, that’s how you end up going to college and end up being a car salesman
Yup. Just hiring grifters to get the wealthy of Cult 45 paid
I usually just go with the Lee Trevino head shake from Happy Gilmore
Yeah, the northeast really doesn’t have the efficient public transportation that the city thinks we have. Using google maps, it would take me an hour and 12 minutes to get from home to work Takes me an hour to get from home to work via public transportation Hard pass on public transportation
If I’m already being attacked? Yes
What did you think the Pompeo state visit was about? Answer: “yeah, the nuke deal is still on. We don’t let lives get in the way of making money, or at least, non US citizen journalist lives. Those are a dime a dozen”
This is where I got the info from. Only read the first couple of chapters. Have to finish it
Well, yeah. Trump was at one of his rallies and told everyone that he would cover the perpetrator’s court fees for escorting the protestors out Where I come from, that’s called an attack. So in response, you get a milkshake yeeted at you
By my logic the president has already ok’d violence by his supporters Getting a milkshake thrown at him is the response
Democrats eat democrats Biden is the best example of that right now
Anybody else think of NWA’s Dope man after reading board man? “ board man, board man”
“I’m putting together a team. Quick...five actors who can’t carry a movie by themselves...” “Alright. Gimme Eckhart” “Aaron Eckhart?” “Yeah. Was he able to carry The Core” “Fair point”
I used to listen to Cedric’s podcasts after liking the character on screen during events I stopped listening to the podcast because Cedric would come off as a bit of an asshole. It caught me off guard, of course. But once you start listening to his own podcasts on his personal life, it was different than the guy you saw on screen
Meh, the poster might enjoy the podcast
Look past it. Lot of unhappy people in the world. This looks like fun while there is room for improvement via final touches
I’d narrow that claim saying that supporting Trump makes you a piece of shit There are republicans who don’t like Trump, so they wouldn’t automatically fall under that category of being an asshole
So then yeah, it’s a silly thing to say that all of the right are assholes
Still in a good spot in the East. Just too many assets, and not enough sellers of those big ticket items that you exchange for all your assets Been there, done that
This is like bitching and complaining about soup in a bread bowl Why use a normal plate when you have access to eatable plates?
“Angry man yells at science to make his viewers feel better and exceptional”
We could also just dial it up a notch and say “media personality financed by Fox News yells at science to make his viewers feel better and exceptional”
You act as if the current administration values the lives of journalists that are critical of it It’s a feature, not a bug
I think you’re really reaching and expecting a tv show with a confined amount of time explain every little thing that goes on I expect that in a book, not a tv show
If think we have to accept that reality tv can show the best and the absolute worst in people, and the absolute worst generates higher ratings than the absolute best. Reality tv in part is about showing train wrecks. The people are naturally train wrecks. It’s not right for production to give them the tools to be trainwrecks, but that’s an ethical question. In short, people are gonna be people, and some people are real shitty, and they’d be doing this in real life. At least there are cameras to catch them
Yes but this is so specific that it’s unrealistic I get that you expected resolution on important storylines, but you’re not going to get every single resolution you want with a tv series. It’s just not possible.
“CAUSE SHE’S GOT A GREAT ASS”
Humanity has always had a shitty streak. The internet allows us to see that shitty streak 24/7
Dude. The whole conversation between the black camp counselors was 100% satire. Like, I don’t get people who took this movie seriously No. This is mystery science theater shit unintentionally but intentionally at the same time
It gets better and fucking better dude If you haven’t tried it yet, try Den of Thieves
Best part about this clip is the stone cold Steve Austin entrance song. Thanks
Wealthy white men outraged at the thought that the same law they get on their knees for also applies to them and all them years of polishing cops knobs might be for nothing
Because they believe their skin color should guarantee them a different way of life than the rest of us
Central Park 5. Trump said they were guilty before we even got a trial or anything of the sort. But if we look how he treats people he does like (Roger Stone), he maintains their innocence.
Eh. It can be the difference between a junior in college and someone who has had almost 2 years of life outside of college in the real world
It’s a win win Higher border crossings? Build the wall Lower border crossings? I’m the deal maker
But you can’t dodge them high Dodge Ram payments with the Hemi though
Persecution complex. The people who voted for Donald are the same who thought Obama was making their life a living hell Seriously, I kid you not
Then get to leaving?
Apocalypse is worse than Suicide Squad in my opinion. Suicide Squad was bad because WB had their fingers all up in Ayer’s butthole. Apocalypse was bad because every single decision was made poorly. I wanted Apocalypse to look better in the movie and said that things would get cleaned up before it was released. But no, Ivan Ooze still looked like Ivan Ooze
I wonder why they went with this Gerard Butler version of this movie over the Channing Tatum version I really liked Jason Clarke as the adversary. These movies just give me “hurr durr USA” vibes. This one seems a bit different, though
I guess it’s an opinion then. I preferred Tatum’s version
And if you want evidence, look at the Facebook profiles of the cops
The kid is playing on his fucking lawn. How about attempt to talk to the kid before having your weapon drawn? If you have your weapon out, you intend to use it. How the fuck is someone supposed to react when a cop rolls up on them with gun drawn. Come on, dude
Then we just have a difference of opinion, then
Weird flex, but ok
Look man, I don’t think I’m any better than any Raps fan But I’ve been hearing way too many snowballs and Santa jokes to just take this shit and not fuck with Raps fans
I definitely feel for KD. Toronto fans deserve to get shit on here, but it’s not about a moral superiority
I forgot how long ago it was, but there was an article saying that Rich Paul is getting mistreated because he’s a black agent. Nah, I just think he’s an asshole
Braddock, PA. Big John has the potential to bring the cities and Pennsyltucky together
Cam has a lot of insight and I really appreciated Chelsea’s reflection on why she’s drawn towards this long term relationship where she only sees her boyfriend once in awhile
I sure hope so, yeah. Biden has the best shot at defeating Trump
Depends entirely on the player crying Keep on generalizing, tho!
From what I understand: They have a lot of power and wealth in the Middle East. We buy their shit, they let us set up shop via military bases as a way to protect them from Saddam/Iran. Saudi Arabia also doesn’t despise Israel, so that’s a plus. The problem is that Saddam is dead, Israel still believes it’s in danger, and Iran isn’t bending over backwards to give Trump handjobs, so the GOP still has distrust for Iran. Basically Saudi Arabia is allowed to get away with a lot of shit as long as they support Israel and allow us to have military bases there.
It’s definitely not great right now but we’ve faced adversity before and somehow grinded through it
This country has a capitalism problem, and it doesn’t help that a decent chunk of the poor believes themselves to be temporary distressed millionaires
Bananas has earned that sum, though. The character he plays elicits a response. I’d love for Rachel to get paid, but we’d need to see at least a handful of seasons before she gets Johnny money And no, I don’t think Bear deserved that robust sum he got
Johnny, through multiple seasons, has been able to cultivate a character that elicits a response from the audience, good or bad. Rachel hasn’t done that in quite some time, at least 10 years. I’m all for equal pay, but if Rachel wants that money, she needs to start doing a bunch of seasons in a row
Yeah, made me think that Craig believes that Kathryn is being a bit extra
You might be taking crazy pills. Danni and Chelsea are freaking out because of a couple of things: 1). They’re worried about their friend making the same mistake (again). It looks as if Kathryn is living a separate life and it probably reminds them a lot of how she lived a separate life while at Thomas’ place out in the middle of nowhere. That whole not being able to contact Kathryn for an extended period of time probably bugged them out a little bit and now with the new boyfriend, they’re very worried about Kathryn 2). Both individuals are single, therefore they have more time than Naomi/Cam to care about Kathryn’s situation. Cam and Naomi are likely of the school of thought that Kathryn will make it through, but maybe that’s because they haven’t has as much time to think about the situation as Chelsea and Danni have.
I forget the dollar figure, but it was for numerous seasons
Most importantly, Clemmy from Reno 911
Look at the comment history We already know the answer
Came out of all of this having more respect for the Warriors and less for the Raptors. Not the Raptors fault. You can only play who is in front of you. But Jobu really came through cursing the Warriors and taking away 2 of their best players. Injuries even out over time, but damn, I’m going to remember this as the time the Warriors went down swinging and had the injury gods take away their chances of winning, and less about the Raptors winning.
Hey, it totally makes sense. I’d listen to his podcasts and the more I listened, the less I liked him as a person.
No salt, actually. Just wanted the Raptors to beat the champs at full strength. Congrats on the championship
Not really. I’ve seen a kick ding two uprights and the bottom bar and bounce it. Life’s full of bounces, some go your way, some don’t I just wanted to see both teams at full strength, or at least the Raptors playing GS without KD
And it’ll be disappointing with a couple of singles that are very good but the rest is mehhh
They showed this on West Wing. It’s not about answering the question, it’s about naturally pivoting to your strong points
Reddit freaks out about Biden but if we’re playing the electoral college game, Biden has pull in the states that matter
Because Vinny’s best friend is his mother. Makes sense that he would get along with the parents
And then we ask ourselves if Nikki’s family doesn’t talk by choice or if Nikki has sequestered herself because of her 0 self awareness
That being said, if you’re a crazy, you should either work on it or accept the fact that people you’re gonna date need to know about the cray
Those two firsts probably won’t amount to anything but they are fuel to move up in the draft if need be Really like this for the Pelicans
I’ll take the field. Lebron’s getting older and they still have to assemble a bench
I still don’t understand that mindset. You just can’t add two superstars to an already good team and say to yourself “chemistry doesn’t matter. Playing time doesn’t matter. They’ll figure it out” It’s like...no
Judging by the “just added”, I imagine they’re the only contestants close by that had the Saturday open and didn’t have to book a flight
Haven’t seen the new Godzilla yet, but seeing a lot of negative flack towards it. Without spoilers, what happened?
In the level of Kong/Godzilla?
Honestly, I’m just curious how it lines up against Kong/Godzilla, the other movies in the franchise. I really liked both movies and was hoping this would be the same
Supreme Court justices are a tricky thing. Don’t overreact to the conservative/liberal labels. React to the court rulings.
This thing happens when money is the be all end all of your existence
Your BIL might be nice and charitable to people he knows/likes, but how does he act towards people he doesn’t know The members of Cult 45 that I know are very friendly people to those they know. The issues comes with people they don’t view on their level
Why would I want to watch someone lie to me?
Excellent!
Doesn’t sound crazy. Have similar issues with aunt/uncle. Very nice people, until you speak of immigration.
Stop listening to the media. Everyone and their mother is saying random shit to see what sticks
I need you to know that I appreciate you bringing back Home Improvement references
It makes sense only if the party claiming it is consistent in their evaluations
Body system?
That Eagles parade was flawless. Didn’t even go to the parade route, just went to the culmination at the Art Museum steps. Walked over the spring garden bridge, brought a backpack of beers for me and the friends. 10/10, can’t wait to celebrate again
With the same Unitary Executive theory
“Love that chicken from Popeyes”
Alright, who let the r/Sixers gate open?
Does this make CP “Jerry” and Harden “Beth”?
An over the top response to an over the top threat. Trump wants it to sound crazy to rally his base. Chances are nothing changes because there’s no way to measure the speed with which someone is forceably removed. He said it to rally his base. The problem is that his base wishes that the ludicrous threat would happen. Trump knows that it won’t happen, but his base is a bunch of rubes and suckers
And that’s where it gets tricky. When that happens, that’s when Trump goes “whoops”
We still have nightmares
Sure, and I think Biden will stop the bleeding and allow us to pursue more progressive candidates in the future. We need a bridge to 2024 that carries us away from Trump, and that is Biden
And I disagree with that. He has enough republican pull to satiate the moderate republicans and the crazy Trump supporters will go back into their NWO bunkers
Maybe, maybe not. The next Trump will come around regardless. Would you rather have moderate republicans with you or against you? I’d rather have them with us.
That contract is the plague.
Morey’s quotes sound like someone who is trying to convince themselves that nothing is going to shit and everything is fine. Morey is the living embodiment of the dog in the house on fire meme
That rare situation where someone’s greed actually fucks their short term plans
In order to move that Chris Paul contract, the Rockets would 100% have to attach additional assets . That contract is terrible and CP’s health is questionable.
Dude, how the fuck are you taking it this way? I’m not faulting him for taking the money. But realize, because he took that money, he can’t easily be moved anywhere. Take off the outrage glasses
Is this not correct? Nothing wrong with being greedy
I don’t think I’ve seen a more easily predicted outcome than this. Bringing two all stars onto a team that did extremely well was going to create chemistry problems, because without those two dudes, they were a stone’s throw away from the finals
I don’t. He knew when he signed that contract that it was a monster and he would be one of the highest paid players at 34 years old. It was a terrible idea. I’m glad he got his money and is financially set, but it’s fair to also say that the contract will keep him from going anywhere else
Depends on the player, I think. He might have a more mature outlook and not be bothered by the lack of attention
That kind of happens when a GM is forced on you and their beliefs are contrary to the build itself
Brian Scalabrine
And your players don’t seem to hate your coach, even though your coach is sort of a throwback, from what I understand
Atlanta has already been turned down after offering the 8 and 10 to move up. I doubt picks in the 20s and 14 is better than 8 and 10
I appreciate your enthusiasm, but there’s a lot of ifs in this scenario. Let’s see where players end up before we start talking about heavy favorites
John Wall will be 30 years old, coming back from a ruptured achillies heel
I’m amazed at how much that song has grown on me
Sing me a song, you’re a singer
Sac my bugler, get back my bugler, find chupacabra.
This and the bugler. Can’t wait to cast for 2 mana
Ryan played college hockey at a Wisconsin branch campus, I believe. The hockey players I’ve met had a different sense of humor, one that was more politically incorrect than others. Fun to be around Edit: apparently it was minor league hockey in Wisconsin, and college hockey at ASU
I think the Lakers have been fucking around for awhile but had cover because they were the Lakers. When the 6ers were all up in the process and losing, guess who wasn’t far behind? Guess what Kobe’s farewell tour masked? Tanking. Remember Lord Byron, the tank commander? I don’t know if it’s a narrative or all of the chickens coming home to roost, but these takes are long overdue. Lakers are on the receiving end of much deserved criticism. All we hear is how it’s a free agency destination and a natural talent magnet, and yeah people are going to be paying attention and criticizing them when they fuck up this much
Portion control my dude. You can still eat hamburger helper on the reg, just smaller portions with more vegetables (broccoli etc). The hamburger helper will last you longer. At the end of the day, it’s still calories in and calories out
On the surface I agree with you. But if Trump’s supporters who also happen to be military want to go over there into a meat grinder, so be it
So America is like the angry drunk in every bar that wants to get in a fight because of his small dick
Take your fucking meds
The rat on the window sill at the end of the Departed I think
I didn’t really have a problem with it. Jack Nicholson is having a coke party and Lebron’s himself with a mountain of cocaine while Comfortably Numb plays in the background
Connecticut DA has to thoroughly go through everyone who handled any evidence and make sure they’re not raging racists
For sure. Take a glance. Lot of Orange Knights in here
Words have a funny way of motivating the crazies to do dumb shit
That’s weird that the Beer League is stepping in Weed got me into craft beer. Hated craft beer before then.
Indianapolis? Yay! The rest? Ehhhhhhh
I hate the early 2000s logo
Fully agree
Am high and it looks like Jesus was real, but still evolutionary descendant of monkeys, who were created by aliens, and our history is their bible
Holy shit. Imagine being this fucking stupid
Probably when social media became a platform to show the world you.
Yeah man. Love that card. Always want to incorporate it into legacy and fail every time. Such is life
It’s all about that 2000s Trance Music
I disagree. Biden won’t be going in with the DNC silliness
Are we not going to act like Hillary fucked herself with the DNC shenanigans?
She tried the exact same strategy while cheating
Pennsylvania, Ohio, Michigan The same states that swung Trump the election
I think that Cam and Craig have more of a platonic thing. Craig’s the opposite of Cam’s husband and she has a soft spot for him
I might be alone on this, then. Always thought Cam and Craig has chemistry. Oh well
Even before that.
Just need more Daddy and Murray
It’s pretty evident that Khashoggi (sp) was murdered and the Trump administration had no qualms about it
Did Duddits have his own passage in Dreamcatcher? I think Dreamcatcher would count
Taking advantage of the soft underbelly that is the NBA regular season
I had no idea how shitty Barstool was until I watched the HBO documentary I’m just glad the Don Nelson piece was afterwards so I didn’t have to think about Barstool much longer
The money does not make sense what so ever. If the Sixers do this, they are dumb as hell and I’m officially worried
Yup, book and film are related
It’s the shoulder grasp while the caretaker holds the baby that really sells it. “Yo, if you drop the baby, I rip your arm out of the socket” “Good work”
Just strikes me as a bunch of try-hards that didn’t get a bid so they create their own fraternity In a way, it’s Revenge of the Nerds, but in an ironic way
I like Ben a lot, but the whole cherry picking regular season stats to juxtaposition him along with greatness just doesn’t feel right.
http://www.bensalembeerandsoda.com/kegs Bensalem Beer and Soda. One of my favorite places to buy craft beer. Great selection, drive up 95, drive down 95. Good to go
Mr Donnie... What’s going on in your head? Is it dementia... Or that crazy advice from brother Ted?
“Hey Terry! Told you I’d get out you fuckin moron!”
Nitrous leak. Classic Black Sheep reference
Maybe life isn’t just about profits and how much you can get out of the situation while putting the least amount of resources back in Just a thought
The beef you have is with your government and it’s choice to not protect workers in the name of profits It’s the system you’re feeling. Sure there are shitty parents but those kids are in school because the parent can’t stay home, and the parent can’t stay home because some cunts decided to kill unions just so their owners could make an extra buck
Jerry, too. As much as Garrett sucks, the owner is responsible for this shit because he wants yes-men at the helm and Garrett is the definition of a yes-man Cowboys fans should be angry at Jerry
There’s a lot of stupidity on this board. Defenses are figuring out that Ben won’t shoot, so they’ll let him get his without spacing the floor. Defenses are willing to allow Ben to score as long as e doesn’t provide spacing. So Ben will get his, but the offense will still suck because he won’t stretch the floor
Except shooting. Keep on coddling Ben and taking solace in the stats. He needs to get out of his comfort zone and shoot the ball
Yeah but the Seahawks knew that and planned accordingly. McCown wasn’t a threat for the end zone because he played a safe game, but you can’t play a safe game while the other team is putting up touchdowns. McCown is a fine backup, but Seattle was very much in control of the entire game
And memes from Facebook. We got it all
Bring that same energy to the Saudi Arabia argument. I can’t wait
LA, how much do you want for Demolition Man?
Also if you get into an accident while driving the bus? Drug test
Yeah but you can’t prove it was imminent. Yes, you can prove that this is something within their ability to do, but you can’t prove it was imminent. With your thought process anyone with a past like that should be wiped off the face of the earth, no questions asked. The ends justify the means for you. That’s how you handle your life. But after Iraq we want actual evidence, not just someone’s past.
What’s funny is that Rap and EDM have a lot in common. Go check out Kanye’s samples. Hell, Kanye has a fucking album called 808s and Heartbreak
Not really, no. Their Hulu stuff is for mature viewers. The Disney stuff is for kids
Might be too stupid to re-enlist/didn’t get their contract renewed
I was at the same Hijinx and hated the set, for what it’s worth
How I feel when the couple I’m out having drinks with starts to argue and my beer bottle is empty
Because Griz, Bassnectar and Porter were very good. Skrillex wouldn’t shut the fuck up during his set.
Yup, one of those people, friend. Different tastes
If you don’t get the reference...I don’t know what to tell you Just go listen to Red Dot Music
Every transition wasn’t perfect, dude. Also, he wouldn’t shut the fuck up during his set. If you don’t mind the talking, then do you
I really don’t like when DJs talk during their sets. And Skrillex talks a lot
I think they saw Joel out and wanted to get the hell out of Indiana. This team is really young and it wouldn’t surprise me if they just wanted to party on New Years
Wilbon is gonna give us peak old people shit and I’m ready
Could only get through the first minute and a half before I started tearing up. Will have to wait until after work to listen. This one’s gonna be emotional
I’m in the same boat, man. Didn’t really get into Mac until after he passed. It’s a shame, but I’m glad I still got here
And it’s gonna be amazing. The salt...oh lawd
Assassination due to pressure from GOP senators who Trump needs to stave off removal. Come on, actually think a bit. The President ordered a hit because he doesn’t want to be removed from office. He ordered a hit to appease GOP senators
The funniest part of all of this is that Reagan banned guns in the court house in California and the NRA was cool with it
One could say that the Virginia Governor... Felt there was an imminent threat
Damn. That’s some more irony.
So the NRA understands that occasionally guns don’t need to be brought
True. Definitely understand that vibe and practiced said vibe until a couple of years back lol
Daddy, Murray, Walt
It’s all of the economic anxiety
I’d imagine that it’s likely they were just trying to wave their dicks around. But...when you call yourself a neo Nazi, and the history of how nazis view the world, it was an easy probably cause decision
She’d pass the hard hitting legislation...if the Senate wasn’t a bunch of jerkoffs
What job exists where if people don’t want to do their jobs, all they need is a majority to prevent everyone doing their jobs Just think
So your argument is that the senate is essentially a union job so it’s ok for the republicans to not want to do their job Get the fuck outta here lol
That depends. Why did Trump delay citizens from seeing how much his golf trips cost to his own resorts? I can play this game too!
Yes, actually. Even if you suck at draft, you’ll get there eventually
Yeah, that was my first thought. It’s Monoblack but there’s so many ways to go about t. I know I’m on Ebon Legion, Gutterbones etc but I’m not playing the 4 drop that exiles and makes the tokens. Seems really slow. Would rather play spawn of mayhem and be aggressive
You can’t help angry people who just want to be angry
And they say racist things that you don’t disagree with...
It was available on prime for awhile but I imagine a cast member’s death put the kabash on any syndication
The downside of the internet. Giving anyone with a pulse and a smartphone the ability to make others dumber via posting
Occasionally, nature wins. You just have to respect it and move on
Seems like the protestors behaved themselves and the crackdown on neo Nazis made it a nice weekend for everyone
Hard pass
What healthcare?
Mattie/Martha can be extremely vicious, moreso than Kortni. Kortni is just an entitled shithead compared to Mattie/Martha. Martha is a legitimately bad person and would attack her cast mates on PDS after drinking. Martha would just sit there and talk shit to people genuinely trying to help her. Now, I think Mattie has grown up a bit, and so has Martha. Don’t want to see that ever again. Hard to watch
Societal values presented to you by Good Burger
So your friend is getting what he wants/deserves Either your friend will figure it out or they’ll be a conduit for the rich. Up to them
I think what most people aren’t realizing is that Trump, as an individual, is making money off of Saudis going to Trump hotels. You can claim that it’s just Normal business, but we’ve never had a president who was this blatant about his properties
What’s funny is that if the two jackasses actually showed a bit of remorse, Kenney probably wouldn’t have had to go this far. But, instead the one fuck nut decides to get all up in his feelings because white people “can’t y do anything these days” Good, this is what you fucking get
And if we’ve learned anything from this presidency, it’s that you take advantage of the numbers and push everything you can. I can’t wait until a Dem gets in and we get to see what happens when all of those GOP tears start flowing The pendulum always swings the other way. The harder you push, the harder it comes back
Molly has different effects on people. You might not be the weirdo doing weird hand motions, but the weirdo giving massages
And they have beaten up on Boston and lost to the Heat twice by a combined 5 points They’d beat the Celtics, lose to the Raptors, and the Heat matchup is a toss up
It is, but I believe both are made by Viacom
You know spin is incoming when a lawyer flat out says “well, this is what really happened”
Jesus fucking Christ Seeing you on the other side, Kobe
That’s because wiki leaks was found to be pro Russian and pro Trump, and I believe we found this out during the Mueller investigation. There is dirt; but it’s been buried by one side. Gotta find new dirt
Will always miss you, Kobe Colangelo can get fucked, though
I was hoping he slipped down a well and had been forgotten
It’s radical in that a capitalist who has made their money seeking the most profits is now saying that getting the most profits possible should take a backseat to taking care of the environment In that sense, it’s very radical
You saying playing dumb, I say intentionally misleading the public by often lying to their constituents. They should lose their jobs and go to prison
Yes, but it requires you to vote for politicians that will work with him
Turns out that all of those manufacturing jobs we lost were just turned into the GOP manufacturing a border crisis and outrage
And that position is nominated by the President
Eh. Religion has rubbed many the wrong way over the years.
Tool isn’t trying to conduct a religious service but a concert. Conflating the two is real lazy on your part
Meh.
I think there’s different levels of spiritualism, and as we advance as a society, people find different ways to reflect on their existence. Organized religion is one of those ways, but it’s been conducted in a way that has caused many to sour on it. From the molestation in the Catholic Church to denying someone’s right to be happy because of their sexual orientation due to religion, religion just hasn’t adapted quick enough to the world, and it’s antiquated methods of morality have turned a lot of people off of it. Maybe religion makes a come back later on, but the world isn’t black and white anymore, much to the chagrin of the extremely religious who define themselves by their religion. Respect for taking your time. You’ll make the best decision for yourself
Yes, and tool and Kanye holding a sermon are being mixed together by OP as if they’re comparable, and they’re not
Fair enough
As far as I know they’re not arguing about a lack of evidence. They don’t believe that the president is impeachable while in office. Harkens back to the Mueller investigation
Good point. But they believe that while he has the title, there is no limit to his requests, as long as they fall in line with the ruling party
You’ll still get funfetti, just in smaller increments and once in awhile
I thought the one had an ear infection and the other decided that he was going to help clean it out It’s happened before with my Golden’s and labs. They love the ear infections lol
Be upfront with people. If you don’t want to date them, tell them you’re not interested in them
You got your tracks covered. You said you weren’t interested. You good
That’s beautiful, dude Fucking scarecrow
Like Dede and Craig
For me it was his ability to use Barack as a way to unify Dems. The last 6 months or so have shown that the strategy won’t work, mainly because he can’t unify the left. He’ll definitely peel votes from Donald, but he’ll lose those with Dems indifference (and rightfully so, the last 6 months haven’t been good for Biden)
Absolutely. And I can’t wait to hear the screeching and screams
I agree. It comes off as fear mongering after the damage has already been done. The only way to take back those tax cuts and to overturn citizens United is to bring in someone who is willing to change those, and Bernie is that person. All other concerns should be ignored. Bernie could have a mediocre 4 years but if he were to overturn citizens united it would be monumental
Yeah, because I’ve realized how those people work now. They don’t understand working together, they want to impose their will I ask that you do better and see the situation for what it is. Republicans only understand force
Yup, and they continue to act like children and that will not change. Now, if they want to come back to the table with reasonable positions, they should be treated as equals. But now they’re children and should be treated as such
For them to come to that same conclusion would be to equate Obama to Trump If you want to make that argument, go for it. They got angry because a black dude was elected, so they gave us Trump
I encourage everyone to take a breather when it comes to Roberts. I know Reddit is comprised of many different people but it’s kind of crazy seeing as yesterday people were freaking out about Roberts and today people are applauding him. I know it’s different people, but this dude is far from being in Trump’s pocket It’s Roberts’ Court and I don’t think he wants be known as THAT Justice who let all of the crazy out We’ll see
You’re coming off as Russian Propaganda On the rare chance that you’re being genuine, even if this is all a sham, it’s a sham that encourages people to go out and vote in 2020 Your defeatist attitude is dog shit, essentially
Go back to Bridesburg, shithead
It’s Russian propaganda
You mean it’s your Russian propaganda again?
You’re doing yourself a solid if dipshit has firearms in a public space in his home.
It’s not irresponsible. Your grandfather has made gun ownership his identity, likely because he has nothing in his life going for him. So he adorns his home with something he is proud of...firearms. And it’s something in his mind that will never be taken away, unless he is dead. In short, he doesn’t give a shit about how others feel, as long as he feels safe and not threatened. It’s selfish more than anything (aka fuck you, I got mine)
Well according to the republicans, nothing matters while the president is in office. It only makes sense that the judicial branch would try to nip that shit in the bud.
Under ordinary circumstances, I would too. But when the republic starts to come apart because of a power grab, the only way to retain checks and balances is to have the other branch stand their ground and say no
Right, but I could argue that Dems could use the blueprint provided by the GOP, making this a constitutional crisis. This is bad for us as Americans, regardless of which party is doing it. As of right now, the power grab is going through if everyone else plays by the rules, meaning there is something wrong with the system and it needs to be changed. If no one steps up now, we are looking at a power grab that needs to be stifled. Aggression needs to be met by aggression. This is a mistake that Mueller made and Roberts is in the process of making. This is a turning point, and the rules are on the verge of not mattering
You really don’t fucking understand the ramifications of giving a president unquestioned power Christ you’re stupid
Tl;dr
Dude said fuck Trump, I serve my people and this is what they would want from me.
Now imagine if the person with a knee on your neck doesn’t respond to you saying that it hurts. In fact, they’re not even listening to you. And now you start to freak out because you can’t breathe, and the cop couldn’t give a fuck less. This is privilege at its finest
I would implement educational requirements along with a substantial increase in pay, then make mandatory appointments for therapy for police officers having difficulty with the job and what they see on a daily basis
What if justice isn’t served?
The only way we’ll see change is if people like Drew Brees can take a moment and realize the world doesn’t fucking revolve around them and he needs to just think of what this means to someone other than himself. It’s really not that difficult
Way to not address the fucking comment. Just put yourself in someone else’s shoes
Brees does have power though. I’m not talking political Washington power, but he does have power and influence over the city of NO. I don’t think that’s deniable, either
Insane Clown Rottie
I mean...I can’t do my job if I don’t have power
Yeah, that’s messed up and it’s bullshit that you were forced to work. Shit just sucks in general
My solution is to pay cops considerably more, but require college degrees (in crime law and justice or other applicable fields), better training, and mandatory therapy for every officer. I think a lot of cops end up fucked up because they’re constantly dealing with the worst society has to offer and it drains them mentally and causes them to have an extremely cynical view of the world
You know what? Usually I am a ball of hate. While I do have a problem with the lackluster elimination, I think production did an amazing job with the Wes and Bananas post elimination interaction. The song choice was on point, the clips from last seasons were on point. The elimination was ass but I can’t be angry
I’m unsure if you want a mother who is in the early parts of her pregnancy drinking etc I don’t care, but there are others on social media who would probably condemn her and call her a bad mother etc
The anti government individuals of the 80s and 90s are now Trump Supporters Ain’t that some shit
Yeah but Reconstruction probably should’ve gone a bit further
Asked why Captain America was shooting an empty SUV: I was denying the enemy transportation
I think Facebook brings out those types of people (vocal annoying fucktards with too much time on their hands)
Definitely up there with the Mello Yello scheme from days of Thunder
Swaggy and Bayleigh...back to trash status
If this is how they’re going to edit the rest of the season, Holy shit this is going to be one of the worst seasons show. Just an extremely poor episode. You can’t just go in and cut out a main storyline because the person offended a large amount of people. Either show the rest of the season or don’t. Showing a half assed edit missing a major storyline just makes you look like a fucking clown
It was fucking shit. Think the Suicide Squad movie, but about ten times worse and incoherent
Yo if this is the case for the rest of the season, I’m out. Last episode physically hurt to watch
On March 4, 2020, Ben Shimkus, a 25-year-old actor, posted an update to the social media site Facebook detailing his experiences with Sherry Pie, whose real name is Joey Gugliemelli, and accusing him of catfishing when the two studied together in the musical theater program at SUNY Cortland.[12] Shimkus' post alleged that Gugliemelli deceived him using a fake identity of "Allison Mossey" to make promises of musical career at Broadway.[13] Shimkus also claimed that Gugliemelli coerced him into sending sexually suggestive fetish videos as part of the audition process.[13]
I watched the season. You could tell that Sherry was edited out but it was done in a way that did not adversely affect the viewing experience.
Bomani has a great podcast called “The Right Time with Bomani Jones” and it’s a great listen. Ever since High Noon was cancelled it’s my only source of Bomani outside Highly Questionable
If Kenny was American I’d go with Whiskey Tango
Whiskey Tango is an acronym for White Trash. I don’t know enough about Canada to call someone white trash (in a joking fashion). If they exist, then you’re right, it doesn’t mater if he’s not American
I really liked Beer Money in TNA and I get similar vibes from Hangman. Also here’s the reference https://youtu.be/wUg3SzjJMKg Starts at the minute mark
Enjoyed it until the last episode. Probably won’t watch the rest of the season
And it seems he’s cleaned up his act And yeah, I did watch his season on AYTO
Egg?
I believe so, yes
Did you go to the convention this year?
And the eye protection glasses. Definitely PPE approves
Stereotypical masculine thing? Sports. Craft beer. Tailgating. Not so typical: Ru Paul Drag Race. We’re Here. Other Drag related tv show and memes
Every member of the KKK should’ve been executed
Back then, yes. As of now it’s just a stupid hate group that posts memes online and march in hoods. Now if they start killing people again, I agree with you
I’m always partial to his role in Crimson Tide. Thought his performance was amazing when Gandolfini is pressuring him to launch the Nuke and Viggo is sitting there sweating balls of steel
I mean, they’re both very good in my opinion so no complaints on my end
The chainsmoking with the glow from the computer and the red emergency lights in the background Unreal atmosphere and Viggo made the most of it
Now all we need is the Rocky Bobby bobcat set up for 2020 and we’ll be set
I never got that impression from Darius. I don’t think he’s fake woke like Kyrie. Kyrie wishes he was Darius, or rather aspires to have that level of introspection. Kyrie does it for the shock value. Darius does it because he truly wants look at the world through a different lens. That’s just my observation though
Knew the Broncos kicker was from a philly suburb. Forgot that Robb went to Kutztown
Whispers “granny panties”
I really like the fact that they’re introducing dudes on their show. A new batch of rookies so to speak
Dude I don’t know what it is but I like how they’re the babysitters. It’s a cool premise where it’s not 6 chicks for 2 dudes
His wife is indeed a piece of shit. Surprised someone that political hasn’t caused Thomas to lose his job or at least have his impartiality questioned
Those people were trash beforehand. They’re trash now
