I'm on mobile atm, but you can check my account "Palabamyo", the character is called "VSCarriedByMinions". The most important part is having a two handed weapon with 40% reduced soul cost of vaal skills (or two one handers with 20% each). You can craft them with Bloodstained Fossils yourself. After that you need at least a 20/20 less duration support, a Soulcatcher Flask with 40% less prevention and all flask effectiveness I have on the tree (and you need at least merc lab, preferably uber). If you have all that you will only have to kill 1-2 packs, after that you just use VSC, you do rely on one shotting most stuff so if you fail to kill something with your 4 charges it's going to be hairy.
Necro with Fortify (on boots) CWC Desecrate+Spirit Offering, focus on Hybrid Gear, get a decent shield with spell block, get the spell block nodes right above witch start combine with the Timeless Jewel that gives Glancing Blows, this will easily take you to block cap and close to spell block cap, also get a Jinxed Juju which redirects another 10% dmg to Spectres you'll have 6k HP and 4-5k ES with spirit offering constantly going off restoring 1.5k ES, huge EHP and Block, you'll almost never die.
It only works on minions that follow you, blin/mirror arrow clones do not follow.
Your damage seems too low.
You probably have gear that requires that 32 str / 32 int and when you take of the helmet you can't use those items as well.
I don't think the first one stuns but rather freezes you? Not 100% sure tho.
Triggered Spells simply can't trigger further spells, this is why your Storm Brand doesn't proc any curses.
&gt; How important is the 6L over stats? It's up to you, you can always buy a corrupted 6l for 20-30c with some defensive stats. &gt;How can I know which colored sockets a piece of gear can have? I tried using a 6L drop but after using 20 color sockets changes it never gave me anything close to what I wanted. It cycled between 5 or so varitions. Depends on what stats a piece of equipment requires, if it needs only int, it's much more likely to roll blue sockets, red for strength and green for dex. So gettting like 6 reds on a intelligence chest is REALLY hard.
That would be about 1c.
Your profile is set to private.
You're free to use any ES chest, but you can't really reserve your life before you get Shav's, chaos damage will just oneshot you.
Yep, it changes the person as well, but not always.
They specifically said they didn't want to do a "This is a X league" now. If you had any clue you'd know bows woud still mostly be the way they have been.
Prices don't go up with rarity like that, besides most of the time builds that use Nebulochs probably already have a soruce of for fortify and on top of that melee is kind of shit atm.
I really like the spell block on top of the already crazy helmet, any plans for the open suffix?
Why don't you fight bosses?
I think it's intended that Horizon Orbs don't result in any of the Guardians, GGG probably wants them to be rare.
Yeah that is almost certainly an exploit and will be fixed next patch.
It won't have "allies cannot die" once you raise it, mobs you raise as spectre do not keep the mods they had.
Only 15% of Cospiris users take Avatar of Fire, and as far as I can tell, all of them aren't actually using Avatar of Fire but instead use it for a Timeless Jewel Keystone.
You don't lose out on much XP. If doing the white Map strat you can just go in, kill 5 packs to see if the conq is in there and if not just exit and insert the next map, 10min max to get to the Conq.
Can you try switching your HOs around a few times? Maybe that fixes it.
Maybe Jun just gave up. F.
I definitely had all three taunts on the same map once before, so there must be more to it.
Could you post your Character/PoB? I could take a look.
For shattering, all you need is just 1 cold dmg and critting reliably to always shatter iirc.
Don't add the arcane surge link to your main skill since linking it does more than just give you the buff, instead add any spell to your build and link it to arcane surge lv 1.
If there are T8 maps dropping with Awakening 8 then something is bugged.
The answer is still summoner.
If you're out of money you never gamble your fusings.
Weird. ED/Cont is one of the least laggy builds usually.
I enjoy mobs being stacked and then slowly dying of old age. FFS D3 Greater Rifts make Quin builds look like insane DPS.
Grab a (preferably already 6linked if they aren't too expensive) Shaped Sadist Garb and just keep slamming single Dense Fossils on it.
Absolutely not, literally nobody will use this with any sort of fire skill.
I think mainly because it's very easy XP.
As long as it's not added to your Storm Brand youre fine.
Was probably coincidence, Vaaling Maps definitely increases your returns (especially if it changes the map to have 8 mods) but dropping so many maps is quite rare.
YOOF 2Header
And sometimes Reave / BF.
Sorry but this screenshot is not proof dude.
He doesnt have the fork.
Did you kill him already in that cycle?
It goes 4 (each once) Elderslayers then Awakener, then it starts over.
I just started counterscamming them, if someone buys an enlighten/empower 4 off of me I always grab a lv2 corrupted one I have laying around, if they cancel the trade and request again it's a scam 90% of the time and they get to enjoy a lv2, already got one of them this way.
Probably some sort of bug.
You can start the fight and intentionally brick it by just going in and out.
Yeah, you don't have to kill him, you might not even have to deplete all portals but instead just insert another map.
X Doubt.
He goes by Summoner69 now.
I love how everyone just started calling them stands. But it seems Sirus is the only one that can use his Projection (I think that's how it's called) like you'd normally use a Stand, the others are kind of replaced by their stands.
Even Juggs that don't invest much in defense will have to dodge the really dangerous abilities, especially shapers ball barrage can easily freeze you on the first hit, effectively killing you, most builds also can't out heal shapers beam or tank Elders or Shapers Slam. Of course, when investing into defense you absolutely can face tank most stuff UE throws at you.
1. Ultimately doesn't matter, you can put it in an area with maps you like most. 2. Old T5 maps you have will be able to drop newly upgraded T6 maps. 3. You can save Nico missions for high quant, high tier maps, the sulphite scales with map tier and quantity. You get 1 mission of each the first time you log in that day and there's a chance to get a random one when killing map bosses. 4. I think it's tied to watchstones you have, not sure tho. 5. Randomly in maps there will be portals to them.
This event would've been shit if it was in SC.
Did you oneshot Atziri phases?
Yeah, that's how I understood it, the main event was supposed to be about Awakener.
Don't rush it too much, you level for the first time only once! Other than that, don't be afraid to modify whatever build guide you're using to your liking, all changes can be reverted (for a price). In terms of gearing, focus primarily on HP and Elemental Resistances on your gear.
In terms of map sustain, always use at least an alchemy orb on them, the occasional vaal orb helps tremendously if your build only has 1 or 2 mods it can't do, invest a bit more in your highest maps. Pick up any currency you find, maybe disregard transmutes if you have your wisdom scrolls covered (transmutes sell for lots of wisdoms). As for rare items, it's hard for new players to judge, generally look for HP, Resists and at least one additional useful mod. You can "flip" your gems when they hit 20, sell them to a vendor together with 1 gem cutter prism per gem, they will trade you the same gem at level 1 but with 20% quality, once those reach lv20 you can vaal, but they could potentially lose a level or some quality (or gain of course). If you're missing Attributes you can always get it from the passive tree, alternatively you can craft it on a piece of gear (or straight up buy it the way you need it). I think everyone can do the 36 challenges but it's a bit grindy so beware, I think only 1% or less of the playerbase gets 36 or more.
Oh and a fun tip for Leveling as Summoner: grab Summon Raging Spirit and link them with Infernal Legion (and if you can Minion Damage (Act1) and Unleash (Act4)) couple that with the Passive Tree Keystone "Minion Instability", Infernal Legion makes them take damage and Minion Instability makes them Pop once they reach low HP, the result are burning flying heads coming out of you and swarming nearby enemies to explode on top of them.
I made 50ex just last week without playing auctionhouse simulator. If you cant make currency thats on you.
They drop mainly from Awakener, while the other Elderslayers can drop them it seems quite rare.
Absolutely, ED can go upwards of 2-3m DPS coupled with a Bight 6l which by itself can do 5m+, should melt metamorphs.
It's not a problem you can do that, you are technically generating value by flipping items by bulk selling. Bots of course are a problem, not because of flipping but because they do it automatically.
He only spawns after you have 20 Stones iirc, after that he spawns after you defeat the 4 conquerors.
A very simple yet effective way to buy things fast is to simply scroll down a bit. Want to buy a Goldrims for 1c? Buy one for 2 instead, the guy will almost all of the time instantly invite you.
When starting out: Literally just HP/Resists on every single slot, preferably a high HP roll, maybe some chaos res, if you like, look for some ES on top. After that it highly depends on how you play and what type of minions you use. Maybe you play very defensively and use an Advancing Fortress as a weapon, in that case you might want a +2 to minion gems helmet so you can have 4 spectres with just a 21 gem, you also might want Boots with Fortify for a Cyclone setup. Or maybe you want to go zombies and stack strenght in which case you want the baron, astramentis and maybe a Geofris Sactuary. Highly depends.
Yep, just stacking every type of minion is really effective damage wise, but as you probably noticed summoners quickly run out of sockets so you might want to try and squeeze in some defensive/offensive auras.
You don't have to wear it, level the empower regularly in your offhand, wait until it can be leveled to 3 but don't do it yet, put on the hungry loop with the empower, level it to 3 and boom, empower is eaten, you can then vendor it.
I'd like if instead the re-introduced the Shaper Stringhold minigame in some sort of way instead, imo it added lots of flavor, maybe even tie it to a guaranteed conqueror spawn/taunt.
Turns into a normal T16 iirc.
Masters spawn less frequently now, in turn you get the master mission system where you can just decide you want to spawn nico (for example) on the next map.
Normal?: Yes. Unlucky?: Also yes.
I think it's mostly noobs that do it, they surprisingly answer quite frequently.
Both.
Sure, but your goal should be to have 75% of all resistances from gear instead of other sources.
Probably something with -9% phys aura, hp and something useful beyond that like resists, phys taken as ele or maybe a Supported by X if there is anything beneficial that can roll on helmets for your build.
Around 6 Ex would be my guess.
Iirc you just lose money on most HH chancing, Stacked Decks would be my choice.
Stacked Decks can be profitable, iirc Slipperyjim worked out that their value is around 6c, so if they are cheaper than that you should be making profit.
Not a single HH? F.
I played Pathfinder Poison SA this league, can clear T16 timely and went to like depth 200 with it, can definitely do deeper tho. It's also decently tanky with 6k+ HP and possibly going Divine Flesh.
Some items just won't be replicated more than once in a league, think of a weapon with literally the best possible mods, close to all T1 for your build. Rares like that are worth **more** than a mirror, people rarely sell them but instead offer mirror service, where they mirror it for you including a mirror tax of a couple ex usually, if they sell then for multiple mirrors. Rarely uniques are worth multiple mirrors, in Legion for example Headhunters approached the mirror price, Atziris Reflection was 4 Mirrors the first league it was introduced iirc.
Correct, but there might be situations where for example 90% inc chaos dmg might be better than 30% multi, Path of Building can help you with that.
Does it necessarily have to be a jugg or do you just want to be tanky?
I don't see how a HoAg Guardian can reasonably respec into Soulrend?
Immolate on minions is unfortunately not really popular. I'd be surprised if it sells for much more than 10ex.
Correct, even crits need to deal a certain amount (it used to be 0.2% of max HP without any effectiveness) to shock.
Pretty sure HoI can not chain at all.
CWDT only supports gems up to a certain level requirement (it says on CWDT) your CWDT probably was too low to support your too high Immortal Call. Oh and by the way, having Steelskin and Immortal Call at the same time is a bad idea, they share cooldowns.
Oh I'm aware of the bad hunter meme, it's a mystery to me how people manage to do zero DPS as beastmaster, in AoE you literally just press your CDs and spam multishot lol. Still, it took max 5-10mins to get invited usually, unless I was aiming a bit too optimistically (think trying to get into +9 with 410).
Yeah I have that, just PM me when you want the craft.
Stun Cyclone? That's a new one.
Iirc the map had extra dmg, inc area, attack/cast speed and to top it off LMP, Quin probably would still die to nerfed version, it used to hurt even without map mods.
Probably not much you can do, RAM is most likely an issue (EDIT: Nevermind the ram, read the 4GB as system ram rather than that if the 1050), the CPU isn't that powerful to begin with and the GPU probably struggles at times as well, the result is that at least one component of your laptop is struggling at almost all times.
My necro has 6k HP, 4k ES with massive block, if I have Corrupted Blood immunity his blasts don't even get through the ES most of the time.
You can add a random 7th active gem to your soulwrest to the DPS. But you're right, especially since 3.8 Phantasms are just bad compared to almost any other minion.
TR pod explosions should be able to cull, even when delivered via mines, it definitely culls when using it with a bow. Just to be safe I'd test a TR mine supported by culling strike before crafting that bow.
You could grab a random 1c bow with culling to test it.
On some gems you can skip getting it to 20% quality, on most auras for example quality just gives it more range, if the aura is just meant for you it's basically useless.
The guardian maps drop randomly when you kill T14+ bosses. Once you defeat the 4 conquerors again you'll get to kill awakener again.
Primarily his dmg and HP goes up, I don't think there are mechanical differences.
Cheapest one is 6ex, I'd say put it up for around 15 and lower it if no one buys it.
If your item has space for two more mods you can't craft twice, that's why people sometimes slam.
The temp chains will immediately be overridden by the despair aura.
Ah I see, you're the first one I see refer to them as T19, don't think I've seen anyone showcasing builds in such juiced maps.
Then you shouldn't be able to hurt yourself much.
It doesn't matter for 99% of the other Gems. It's not that big of a loss and barely even worth it whispering some dude for a hungry loop instead of just leveling another Gem. You people act like this is some insanely huge deal when all you got with regular lv 20 gems is 20c value AT MOST.
Not weeks, a single week.
The purpose was always for it to be another 5 link at the cost of a dead ring slot.
Vaaling maps can be really efficient if you can do most map mods.
I think most MS Juggs rely on primarily passive regeneration. Other than that, Claws are a big source of life on hit, there's also a vitality watchers eye mod with LgoH if I recall correctly.
I haven't played RF since Fire Dotmulti introduction but since Chaos Dotmulti works that way for Death Aura I would assume it works the same for RF.
Your keybinds?
This league I made a point to pick up rares just to see how much currency I could make, at most I would ever use an Annul if it would increase the value drastically. So far from the ~120 raw Ex I have 30 or so actually came from random rares I picked up, and I'm pretty sure I underpriced a few. It really doesn't seem that bad, especially since T16 mobs have so much more HP now you lose less relative time ID-ing.
Most CoC assassins use Doriyani which turns any keystone it touches into Corrupted Soul which gives you 20% of max HP as extra ES. Numbers are irrelevant chances are you won't find one with the exact number you'd like, instead try to find one that gives decent bonuses.
How many T14+ maps did you actually run in that area?
It says how many watchstones you need in an area to spawn Conquerors on the left in the atlas, where you can also stash the watchstones. In your case you need 4. You need to do maps at the tier they are in your atlas (so T14-16) if you do any other version of those maps you **can not** spawn a conqueror. Once spawned you can actually run lower maps, but that might be a bug.
Sure, but he was making it sound like OPs version is completely wrong, which it isn't.
Tier doesn't matter, just put the map in together with a divine vessel.
Maybe the other one is spawned/was spawned in your current cycle in which case they can't spawn.
The thing with the metamorph is that you have to pay attention to map mods, metamorph mods and his abilities. You absolutely won't be able to tank a Metamorph with 2 map dmg mods, several dmg mods on the metamorph combined with certain abilities. Any "Barrage" will shred you, most caustic/chaos abilities will kill you, high phys slams that crit, especially on crit maps will delete you, especially since armour becomes less effective the higher damage taken is. In particular, any projectile metamorph ability combined with LMP map mod will kill you.
Huh?
Ah, it looked like a 6L on mobile lol. You'd have to check in PoB but Efficacy and Controlled Destruction are probably the biggest dps boost.
They stack, HH steals all Mods and each inspired will steal another random one.
You can steal them multiple times.
You're looking for tank and the thing you suggest is raider? You're much better off going Cyclone Duelist.
I mean, lorewise it makes sense, took all 5 Elderslayers to put down Elder, of course he's stronger.
You can also just remove spell echo when raising spectres..
That's because on softcore, almost everyone is playing softcore builds. Of course, you can still die to oneshots or shotguns in HC but many things that will kill most normal builds will only take you to 25% HP in HC, which is where your heart really does start racing.
You can double check by hovering over Arma Brands tooltip and check if it lists any lightning dmg, if it doesn't you're fine.
There's a very similar one to yours listed for 40ex.
Phys dmg is almost entirely irrelevant, the implicit on yours is good but the thicket bow has more attack speed.
Ich mags wenn Popcorn die Konsistenz von 5 Jahre altem Schwamm hat.
Metamorph shits out more raw ex then even Legion did, what are you smoking?
He's straight up bullshitting or running T1 maps. Hell it's not even that rare to get two ex from one map metamorph.
You can't find Shaper Hideout, it's for money only. You can find Celestial Hideout, however that only "drops" from Shaper or Uber Elder and only the one hosting it gets it iirc.
Ah, I thought only the host gets the Hideout.
Sounds like maybe a graphics driver issue, have you tried updating it? I alt-tab what feels like ever 5seconds and never had it crash that way on me, so it's probably not the game itself.
Nighthold was amazing. Gul'dan Mythic was the best designed end boss so far, I can still hear him. *"Why won't you die? Why do you keep resisting?"*
Vaal Bane. 30% more area of effect. Applies **all** curses (ignoring curse limit and gaining more dmg per applied curse as regular Bane does). During the duration (and shortly after) all ES regen, leech or recharge is disabled but a portion of the damage done is gained as extra ES during and shortly after the duration.
You could use Undying Evangelists (?), at least that's what I think their name is. They can be found in Act 3 and occasionally will cast Proximity Shield that benefits you as well.
There sure were references to the Shadowlands back in WotLK, the DKs technically go there to get their horse.
Would've actually made an interesting plot point from NZoths point of view wouldn't it? He realizes Deathwing fucked up and after Sargeras almost gutted Azeroth he feels like he's out of time and needs to act creating a sense of urgency for him.
Argus kind of made sense story wise. Illidan knew the legion never had to deal with an actual attack on Argus, much less an actual offensive, the only ones crazy enough to do that were the Lightforged that mainly tried to disrupt their machinery. As a result, the Legion was woefully unprepared for Azeroth taking the fight to them iirc the entire attack on Argus isn't even 24 hours.
You'll have to wait until they receive payment.
A 5th one is still a 25% DPS upgrade.
Just buy an int base dude. You will spend more than an ex coloring it.
Offering to the Serpent.
Most of those short term buffs provide so little DPS that literally not using them results in more DPS because you get to use your main skill earlier but it looks nice in PoB when the number goes up I guess.
It was actually one of the best SSF HC racing builds for a while, Aila won multiple Lv 100 races with it. Once it gets going you have massive ES and due to the nature of the build you always move which is inherently safe, chaos dmg can be scary since you can't go CI with RF (it stops when you reach 1HP) and you don't get any HP nodes so you have about 2k HP. Too bad they nerfed occ so hard, you can still do the build but you need to invest into more max fire res/regen which makes the build feel just like regular RF with Curse Explosions.
It's probably the Titty Bitch with her Spike Rain thing, it's hard to see. You have to dodge it on most builds, even without mods it's a bad idea to tank it even with 10k ES and fortify.
You're crying about the difficulty hence you want nerfs else you wouldn't be crying in the first place.
Nothing is broken, you just mechanically fail the boss, that's it.
CoC ED/Cont will inherently be worse than almost any other spell you can think of. The main advantage of CoC is basically replacing cast speed with attack speed. Due to this any DoT skill without a massive hit component will be really bad for CoC.
For a second I thought you needed "32!" Gloves to get 5 implicit but that seemed a bit too much.
Vaal Storm Call is still really fast, damage is absolutely huge, however if you blow your load and a boss/metamorph isn't dead you're gonna have a bad time.
It's just you.
A big downside to Nuclear Plants is waste disposal, there's no real place to safely store the waste since it keeps being radioactive for centuries.
No problem! I've played minions for years now so if you have any questions feel free to ask! This league in particular I made a build capable of facetanking most stuff, including Awakeners last phase "Die!" Beam Barrage.
It will activate them both.
Everything is smooth on my end, are you sure it's not your gateway/connection that has an issue?
Ah I think it was x7 once.
Equip an Advancing Fortress. Get boots with fortify to use with cyclone cwc spirit Offering/Desecrate. Get some ES on gear. Get a shield with spell block, grab spell block nodes if you like. Get a Timeless Jewel with Glancing Blows. As auras use Enfeeble (21/23 is quite cheap), Flesh&amp;Stone and Skitterbots. Get a Jinxed Juju if you haven't already. EDIT: make sure to buy rings with open suffixes(?) so you can craft min endurance charges on it. With a bit of investment this should get you to 10k HP/ES with corrupted blood immunity (flask/jewel) you can tank the entire A8 Beam Barrage, there's a small chance you die if you don't block a single one that can be eliminated by popping bone armour just before it connects. Cost for all this shouldn't be too much, 5-6ex tops.
You absolutely can do it on a necro with 10 ex wtf are you talking about?
As someone that has played tank since BC: tell them to shut the fuck up, they probably do shit DPS and are in no place to even begin talking.
Technically yes, but it can be even more than that, if you have any conversion it would apply to both portions which is why % elemental as extra chaos is so strong with conversion.
Stell dir vor du könntest die Zeit in der du kackst einfach überspringen!
You can drop any map after you complete (=kill the boss) them. Tabula are quite practical 6links, many people don't want to waste 30-100c for an intermediate 6l and instead save up for their "best in slot" chest 6linked, a good example sould be something like a Shavronnes Wrappings. Influenced Items can roll special mods that don't appear on regular items, for example on Shaper Quivers you can roll additional arrows, which normally doesn't appear. Technically no, practically yes, before premium tabs people used to make forum posts iirc but basically nobody does that anymore. Don't keep skill gems unless they have quality (sell them to a vendor, you'll get 1 gemcutters prism per 40% total quality), you can keep them if they are high level/quality if you plan on using them in the future. Vaal gems can easily be made by buying the normal version and using vaal orbs on them, sometimes they turn into the Vaal variant, keep awakened gems, most of them are worth quite a bit.
Tie just had the secret strat all along: kill monster fast.
Spectres will be safe, people are sleeping on how strong Slave Drivers are.
Some UEleders need to be duds, since there's no risk in softcore. Otherwise **ALL** items would be worth less than a set.
60Ex might be a bit high but it's certainly higher than just 10ex. You could start around 60Ex and gradually lower it until someone responds.
&gt;XQC
Immunsystem Gainz bruh, kannst wohl nichtmal ein bishen Coronavirus liften.
Farming BA can be a good strat especially in HC where you really don't want to enter maps with negative res.
Don't count any flasks tho, you're not going to have them up all the time.
Betrayal basically are juiced up Exile, just look around reddit to see how beloved they are.
True. A few leagues you could actually leave BA with 6-7k ES as Occ at ~lv72, man I miss old Occ.
I can link you my setup in a few hours, but what you need is either two one-hand or a two-hand (staff/bow) with reduced soul cost (from Blood Stained Fossil) and preferably any other useful caster mods, crit in particular. Then you need to be Pathfinder with Uberlab and all Flask Effectiveness nodes on the passive tree coupled with a perfectly rolled Soul Catcher (40% reduced Soul Gain Prevention) and make sure your Vaal Storm Call is linked to a 20/20 reduced duration (20/0 won't be enough). If you have that your VSC effectively won't have any Soulgain Prevention. With just a tabula and no other sources of damage outside of flasks/auras you'll have enough damage to oneshot pretty much anything up until T10 including most metamorphs, at that point you'll need to invest into damage since if something doesn't die from your VSCs you're gonna have a bad time. In terms of flasks make sure to use a divination distillate since with Soul Catcher up you never reach full mana.
Sorry, [here](https://pastebin.com/jcxQi616) you go. Had to throw in a few items first, just noticed I sold most of the items I had on my VSC char, the setup is entirely focused on mapping, you can fill all other soockets with Empower/Enlightens, you don't need to worry about resists too much since you can cap them with Divination Distillate which should have a close to 100% uptime during mapping. You can choose the chest slot yourself, QotF would be really good of course but you can't really hit the Evasion needed for QotF, but Inpulsa is not a bad replacement since it offers a bit more clear.
If you can live with the reduced movementspeed sure, but it's probably more chaos/hour if you go faster.
BITCONNEEEECT!
Leute die auf Auffahrten aus Angst bremsen gehört zuerst der Führerschein entzogen und dann eine (oder mehrere) aufs Maul.
Depending on what skills you mainly use Occ might be good or Necro might be straight up better, you should give us a bit more info on what skills you plan on using.
Eventually you'll spawn Conquerors, when you kill them they'll drop Watchstones which when socketed into your atlas will raise the tier of maps.
Consoles KEKW.
Imagine defending the console scam when their hardware is outdated even before they're released.
20% (spell) dodge is hardly a significant amount of defense I'm afraid.
It's the funniest shit when non-junglers get autofilled to jungle and are 4 Levels behind.
1.5k HP in Act 10 is basically nothing, some builds have that in Act 5, get more HP.
Most streamers have their full runs in their VoDs, possibly even more than just this league. Usually the strategy is to run the best map layout for your build at the highest tier where you can still "one tap" packs. Of course in HC risk of death is factored in but usually it's not the one that plays slow and steady but instead the guy that plays fast and risky. EDIT: In a trade league it's a bit different, you'll want a carry (someone who preferably plays a build that is highly supportable and has good clearspeed) a support and someone just dedicated to selling/trading items, the goal is to get a Headhunter ASAP, from then on the dedicated trader buys and rolls juiced map for the map spammers, usually those groups will also have a dedicated bosskiller, someone that's there just to kill bosses since mapping builds rarely are effective at killing bosses, so without one that would be wasted currency.
Right, I think I confused the actual release with beta.
BM is probably one of the easiest dps specs, most of your damage is somewhat passive. The rotation can be summed up to: Spam your CDs, use Barbed Shot when you have over 1 1/2 charges, use Kill Command on CD, use cobra shot when you have nothing else to do, except if it would make it so you don't have enough focus for Kill Command.
It's probably safer to just buff him numerically before adding another mechanic, I guess if he gets big buffs and still sits at round 45% you could think about adding a flip (or maybe some other mechanic).
Yeah the thing is, if he is otherwise strong numerically a flip will act like a multiplier, allowing him to apply even more damage more reliably, they probably want to play it safe with his rework just to avoid an akali situation.
I'm Dia and nobody in Gold can deal with it.
Your free to believe that lmao.
I think dodging in placements actually counts as a loss (including MMR) but I'm not entirely sure.
Honestly, the on-death effects have been overblown. I started with a 3.5k HP glasscannon KB Farmer, and outside of those volatile bois I could survive most stuff (barely tho), any build with a semblance of defense did not have much problems. (then again, people seem allergic to investing into defense).
This post is better than 95% of the shit you see in new.
Pretty sure they are blighted maps only.
I'm sure it's just the smurfs and inters that hold you back from climbing :).
Yeah it's funny how people often claim to have a "tanky" character and all they really have is 5.5k HP,capped resist and maybe one half-assed defense layer, usually with 4 offensive flasks on top.
7-8CS is already pretty good, you'll find that in many games you simply don't have enough time to CS more or you'll be missing for crucial fights, even in Diamond, I just checked my recent ADCs, both ally and enemey, and in the last 6 games I played not a single ADC was above 8CS/m. Pro games are just a completely different beast. What's more important is grabbing the CS that you **can** get, go back in your replays and see if there were big waves that simply crashed into a turret without anyone picking them up, you'll be surprised how often this happens, meanwhile your team (and the enemy team) are ARAMing it without any objective, literally wasting 200-300gold.
Depends, this will come with experience, sometimes it's better to just keep pushing if you know you can get an inhib and maybe even a nexus turret, especially if you know that your team will probably lose even with you there. If your presence can turn the teamfight into a stomp in your teams favor you should of course TP, even better if you get an inhib anyway. As an example scenario, say your team is doing baron as 4 while you're about to attack the bot turret, your jungler gets caught out and dies, meanwhile your ADC is already at 50% hp and the enemy team is still very healthy, in this case it's usually better to just keep pushing, in some scenarios you can even cause them to abort baron and recall, or you might end up closing the game.
No, you can still get matched.
The best way of actually learning what they do is probably to just play a lot of ARAMs.
People in low elo are in low elo for very different reasons, some may have great mechanics but absolutely horrible decision making, no matter how good you are at Riven, if you blindly run into an enemy team you're probably going to die. This effect is easily observed in bronze/iron, you'll see people with really decent mechanics, but they don't know what to do, you'll see dragons and heralds often live forever without being taken by either of the teams, and of course you'll see people that technically know what to do but are just mechanically lacking. This is true for every elo by the way, you can get to Diamond and have worse mechanics than a silver player, but if you have outstanding macro play you'll be able to climb (coupled with playing mechanically simple champs).
I was thinking about Arcanist + Desecrate + Spell Cascade and an Arcanist + VD/DD Setup, would have to see ingame how it stacks up against Spellslinger.
Wrong game, wrong anticheat brother.
Yeah I'm not too confident it'll be good, but respeccing to spellslinger isn't an issue.
Ah nevermind then, don't think dmg taken has much impact on grade tho.
&gt;Honestly this is an idiotic and pervasive myth because people like to imagine themselves being oh so much better than their rank at at least some fundamental of the game. That's absolutely not a myth, I recently leveled a smurf and was initially matched with S1-G4 players, some of those people straight up had better mechanics than I do (D4), I've seen Rivens do multiple animation cancels that I didn't even know existed, but in the end they often lose simply because they make massive mistakes in the later stages of the game.
**WOW RIOT WOW I'M UPSET REEE** ^^prices ^^include ^^champions ^^:)
What are you talking about? Warwick is pretty good right now, he has a good winrate in every single elo except for masters, in challenger he's even at 57% (granted, there's only 19 games recorded).
THE TOTEM IS YOU
Yeah, any form of recovery on block is much better than it sounds on paper, a big advantage of Bone Offering is the life on block, literally turns some shotguns into heals.
WH OMEGALUL ?
That's the point, so he can't point blank it.
Many Challengers are already complaining that ADC is too strong in high elo, I can't see how they are going to fix this, can't buff ADC to make it more enjoyable in anything below Challenger without breaking it for them.
A high end PC will always be years ahead of whatever new consoles offer, but said high end PC will be many times more expensive. To get the same hardware you have in consoles usually its at least 30-40% more expensive if you want to replicate it in a PC (when the consoles release). That's the biggest advantage and disadvantage of consoles, they offer really good hardware (usually) for a really good price (again, usually), but if you want the absolute high end when it comes to technological advancements you pretty much have to buy a PC. The disadvantage of consoles is of course that they are pretty much frozen in time, an Xbox one bought in 2013 is still the same as it was back then, it can't be upgraded in any meaningful way.
That's the point, there's nothing "Next Gen" about them, except that they are newer consoles with newer hardware (when compared to the previous consoles). To understand this you have to understand the difference between consoles and PCs, that's why I went in-depth into this.
Would just make seeds really cheap, where's the problem with that?
Yeah, probably but my guess is they never saw it as something worth investing into.
There's a solution for that, simply make a second account and level it up, on that account you don't care about rank, that account is for nothing but limit testing, it doesn't matter if you win or if you lose, all you want to do is see how far you can push your champ, the knowledge you get doing that will help you on your main account.
Well since Garen is on the mechanically simpler side you have more time to chat in between.
Wouldn't be surprised if there are some console only specific instructions that are used just to make emulation harder.
The only reason you'd play Ivern over other enchanters is either if you want to play a cheesy support/counterjungler hybrid or you have a Rengar ADC (or both).
Sorry for what?
Spellslinger VD, just today I killed Kosis on it in SSF HC, even got a 5 passive Voices from him, even on a 5 Link.
Go to C:/User/[You account]/My Documents/My Games/Path of Exile/ and look for a file called production_config.ini, once you found that file open it in any text editor and check if there's a language setting, if yes you can make that config file read only (rightlick on it, select properties and there should be a checkbox towards the bottom), just make sure that EN is actually the selected language before you make it read only. Beware tho, once you make it read only any setting you make in game won't be saved, unless you enable writing to the file again.
Lmao sometimes in hectic projects we don't even know what we'll be working on the next day.
Unless you're plat you should be banned imo.
I mean, even if the lane is even it's extremely hard to gank Kalista, even on good ganking champs, let alone Shyv, possibly even without blue smite, the chance of her double killing us is is far too high. If Kalista is already ahead ganking her without Ult (and preferably Runic Echoes) is just wasted time on Shyv, Darius should be cutting his losses at that point, me ganking is at best a waste of time for me, in addition, I'm not picking my Jungler just to save top from being shit on, if the dude thinks it's a good thing to blind pick Darius he should be prepared for the cancer ranged top counterpick, it's not my job to play around top, just to win the game.
Yeah but that requires him to activate his two brain cells :P.
Usually it's at least a best of 5, so at least 3 games, usually a few more. (So anywhere from 2h to 5-6h).
It's actually faster to unlock all champs now with BE than it was with IP.
You 100% are the problem if you can't carry with 26 kills.
You'll always have that, no matter the elo.
That's what I'm saying. Either you take 26 kills and carry with them, or you share the resources.
Pretty sure "recently" actually always is 4 seconds.
Wait until you get to P1-D4, that's where the real deal is.
It gets better in G4-G1, Plat progressively gets more Toxic until you reach the deathzone known as P1-D4, you'll meet crazy P1 tryhards that desperately want to get to D4, while you'll meet "for fun" D4 players that don't care what's happening, couple that with lots of boosted players and the occasional challenger smurf und you have a hotbed for toxicity.
You by default summon multiple ones with Skeleton gem level iirc. In addition, Totem Skellies is probably a DPS loss actually, since it will eventually start replacing Skellies that are already attacking the target.
Pick a Simple Build, something that's well explained and preferably one that states is "SSF Viable". Follow their Tree and Gem setup, feel free to experiment and see why they did the choices they ended up making, but you'll always have their blueprint to guide you. For Items you'll pretty much always want Elemental Resistances and HP on them, the only exception being Boots where you want Movementspeed as well and Weapons where of course you want offensive stats (although they can roll Resistances!). Once you have a general idea of how the build you picked worked you can feel free to make variations to it, see if they make the build better or worse, eventually you'll learn most of the stuff there is to that specific build. From there it'll be easier to try your own build, or very loosely follow one.
I want both to leash REEEE.
We should really stop equating "meta" builds with good builds and "non meta" builds with straight up bad builds. Poison Scourge Arrow is a very good build as a league starter yet it's off meta.
You should be fine with ~1.7k, if you start to feel nausea or very exhausted up it by a bit.
Yeah 100% more poison/general poison/Chaos&amp;Phys DMG maybe attackspeed, usually you can also craft DoT Multi on them, Darkscorn will obviously be better but it's a nice substitute until they go down in price/you can afford one.
✓ Lux player ✓ KDA Player ✓ ZDPS Even when fed on a poke champ ✓ Blames team on losses
Some changes can be applied "on the fly" because they are constantly loaded again when they are created/instanced (for example a boss respawning can load new abilities). Other things require a hard restart to apply, anything that changes some essential parts of the code probably require a hard restart, for example how damage is calculated.
You think stroking this guys proverbial cock will do anything? He already wished him death in the literal first message, there's no more needed to get him banned, everything after that is just giving him validation.
Definitely, but a Rare Bow better than Darkscorn will probably cost you quite a bit more than it.
This thread smells like free content.
Usually you have Sewage treatment plants, they are there to filter out most of the regular "trash" we put in water, so normal feces etc. aren't much of a problem. Where it does get problematic is with certain drugs and chemicals that can't really be filtered out and sometimes *do* make it into the water supply, in addition Oils and Fats can clog the pipes so you shouldn't flush Oil down the drain/toilet if possible (it can also clog your own pipes so you end up paying for it).
His ultimate has two parts to it, the first time you press R it globally reveals all enemy champions and grants you vision over them for a few seconds, after you've done that you have a small timeframe where you can press R again and target anywhere on the ground within range, TF will then teleport to where you clicked.
Man, insurance is so different here in Germany, a few years ago I pretty badly dented my front bumper (new car, so it would require a completely new one), called my insurance and the dude just told me to go ahead and call my mechanic, no questions asked other than how/when it happened and how much I think it'll cost. I think my rates didn't even go up because I hadn't claimed anything in a while.
There's a good reason that almost all hard CCs in LoL are skillshots. The main reason Lissandra even got into the meta was mainly because she could hard shutdown Kalista and Assassins without them being able to do anything about it outside of running cleanse or QSS.
That feel when the actual L9 RAT IRL is less toxic than some of the more mainstream streamers lmao.
&gt;please take into account the server update timing when it says how long you have left to complete it please! that is all im asking! anyone else have this happen to them? Well, why don't **you** take server time into account?
20 minute game, 100cs.
I mean, technically "kill yourself" can be a valid call to make in-game
Can't blame them for not making new game modes imo, all of them have been turbo garbage.
SSDs are made with flash storage chips, basically, they don't have moving parts. The biggest advantage SSDs have are that they are significantly faster, in turn they cost more per gigabyte. HDDs are made with magnet discs, moving parts, this makes them much slower than SSDs, the big upside is that they are much cheaper per gigabyte. Basically, you want to have programs and applications that you start/load often on an SSD (such as your operating system, or a game with many loadingscreens), while you want things you don't load often on a HDD (such as pictures, movies or documents).
Glad I could help! I was really surprised when I played Spellslinger VD earlier this league in SSFHC, I was expecting to maybe die somewhere in yellow maps since I had absolutely no experience with it, but it turned out to have much more damage and tankiness than I expected! Did you already buy an inpulsa? It takes the clearspeed from pretty good to godlike.
Where were you when harold was kill?
Wdym, you could get almost 10k absorbs with just a granite flask, it's well deserved.
What are you using in your Blight setup? Damage really isn't that bad with Blight.
You'll absolutely get banned if GGG detects it.
You'll need to spend a lot of time in PoE to feel comfortable with the basics, you can play hyper casually and just stick to one character throughout a league.
What kind of build are you playing?
&gt; Are any of these skills good for a loadout? &gt; &gt; What do you mean with loadout? What kind of build do you have in mind? Usually it's not a good idea to combine two types of scaling that do not synergize (for example cast speed and being melee).
I don't understand how anyone can play more than 1-2 URF games every time it's up, it just devolves into the same few champs immediately.
&gt;Last year I went through a gym obsession phase for two months and lost a stone but, I honestly noticed no physical differences which was disappointing Unfortunately if you're even just a bit overweight you can't see most changes after just a few months because it'll be hidden by fat. However you can see your improvement in a different way! Track your performance, especially if you try to push your limits, I've been doing HIIT and when I started I was pretty much dead after 5 minutes, now (after 2 or so months) I can go for almost 10-12 minutes at more intensity than I could in the start.
I don't delve too much, maybe that's why, or I've been unlucky recently, usually by the time I get the recipe I've had 1.5k-2k fusings.
Cont/ED will be a bit faster than Bane.
[Oh nyoo no dyouble beyond :(.](https://i.redd.it/58cg4y07c8y21.png)
GREYMANES FORCES HOLD THIS WARDEN TOWER.
If PH gets hard nerfed I don't think Endbringer will be hit hard, maybe 25-&gt;20%.
Yes, but Selfcast Cont/ED is better in literally every single way except clearspeed, which isn't much worse just selfcasting. You'll probably be faster Selfcasting due to higher dmg/more defenses from actually reserving mana for useful stuff.
No, you are not faster. Cont/ED should be oneshotting everything anyway, no need to cast anything else on anything besides bosses and **really** tanky rare mobs (which are the exception), and in those cases Blight is infinitely better than Soulrend is.
I really like how they nerfed [REDACTED] hard, but at least they buffed [EXPUNGED] in turn!
This is absolutely normal and just regular waterweight fluctuation, you're actually losing fat if you're eating less calories than you burn, but it's "masked" by water intake that you will soon leave your system anyway.
You don't have to focus on the stats too much, unless you have a specific item you want to use that gives bonuses for them! What kind of build do you play? Also, wisdom scrolls are quite common later on, you'll find many transmute Orbs that sell for 4 scrolls each!
Sure I'd love to have someone to chat about it! I've was down to 275lbs earlier this year, but then I actually managed to catch corona (about 2 months ago, I'm back to 100% now), but I didn't move at all while I was sick and a few weeks after, which certainly didn't help, especially since my lungs did hurt (hurt is the wrong word, it was more like noticeably reduced capacity), so I didn't want to push it.
My heart aches for RF Occ to be good again.
Both people going for minions and running different auras (preferably ones that also give benefits to the other players minions) is probably pretty good and is perfectly viable solo.
Spellslinger VD seems to be relatively untouched.
Depends, sometimes they nerf existing items, sometimes only newly dropped ones are nerfed.
It's good that they nuke some builds from orbit to force pople that would play them no matter what other changes they made to play something different.
Are mobs actually impaled if they die from the initial hit?
I think in the normal PoB it's just your DPSx[amount of projectiles] so 460.000x13, so almost 6m DPS.
In the recent china race event (to 100 and killing Sirus) that also had multiple (all?) extra damage mods enabled many people opted to play Spellslinger VD, it's very much HC viable.
Yep, it's really straight forward. Just following the talent tree, socketing the correct gems and leveling them to 20 and grabbing a random Wand (that has at least 1-2 good mods) you find will get you close to 1m DPS. Played it in Delirium in SSF HC, got to lv 94 before the league ended, it was surprisingly tanky (even partially facetanking Wave 19 Kosis) on top of having decent DPS.
Minions, just like every league!
It'll be available some time friday I think.
And yet, you are the same rank as those people, gives you something to think about doesn't it?
Yep, pretty sure that name would be illegal in Germany.
We don't know. If all universes start similarly to ours (and just fundamental forces have different values) than the chance is probably very high (if they start with the very same conditions, the chance is probably 100%), but since we can't observe other universes, let alone their beginnings we can't know.
The only "really nice to have" item is Inpulsa, but all it does is make clearspeed heavenly.
You'll have to play a generalist summoner until you eventually get those items. Both of those are actually kind of rare just FYI, in the past two leagues I had 1x Lv 97, 2x Lv95 and several 90+ characters in SSF HC and I don't think I've ever found an Astramentis and only found a Baron once, so go into it knowing you might never find those two items, but that imo is the fun in SSF, chasing uniques and specific mods!
S-VD really easily gets to ~1m DPS on just a 5L and shitty Wand and that DPS is on-demand rather than ramp-up as Blight would be, should be quite a bit better for Bossing.
If we assume Fireball base damage is 1000: BaseDamage[1000]+((AddedDamge[1000]*2.4)=2400) = 3400. So you'd end up doing 3400 damage on your fireball, it doesn't directly benefit burning outside of the initial hit damage mattering.
Cyclone CWC +any spell with any utility to you. Running CWC+Spirit Offering was very popular two leagues ago when it still gave ES, you could still do that but spamming offering has no benefit (so most people just put it in a cast on cast trigger wand), you could also put a curse in there or something to apply EE (but then again, you could just apply EE with Cyclone).
Nope, but your totems will die to reflect tho.
&gt;How significant is missing procs due to having more APS than I should? Is it on a similar level as CoC? Not really, usually you want to one tap enemy packs anyway, and eventually you hit so much attackspeed that you trigger Spellslinger close to on cooldown anyway. &gt;How many corpses can I reliably count for Corpse Pact? 20 if you want to be safe, maybe 40-60, you won't consume any more realistically. &gt;Also wtf should I do If the AtkSpeed of Corpse Pact makes me go over the APS to not miss triggers? Don't worry about it, you use Barrage or Barrage Support, you trigger it off-cooldown. &gt;Best Trigger Skill? I've heard Barrage, Franzy and Power Siphon( last 2 with Barrage Support) are options It's up to you, most people prefer Frenzy. &gt;Recommended Annoint? Arcane Swiftness/Deflection are nice defensive options, otherwise you could Annoint whatever gives you most DPS. &gt;Weapon Affixes I should be looking for Anything Fire/Spell Damage/Minion Damage. &gt;Any important Cluster Jewel Notable? On Large: Sadist/Doriyanis Lesson Medium: Master of Fear/Wish for Death. Small: Enduring Composure/Flexible Sentry/Sublime Sensation &gt;Any unique Jewels for the build? Nothing required, maybe Energy from Within or Anatomical Knowledge &gt;Best Leveling Path, and grabbing Commander of Darkness on first lab ok to get that extra all res? You should be fine Res wise without CoD, get Plaguebringer so you can get Corpse Pact earlier, level with Stormblast Mine / Orb of Storms later pick up Arc then once you get Spellslinger you can straight up go to VD/DD If you want or level with Arc + Wave of Conviction Spellslinger.
&gt;Basically i'm just so tired of trying to play meta builds for leagues and getting to maps and realise they suck without a lot of investment and as they are meta all the build guides have items that are all multiple exalts. Sorry man but that premise is just false, most Meta Starter builds are Meta specifically because they don't need anything expensive to get going.
&gt; Wow those shyv buffs seem pretty good tbh. Would welcome them to live tbh. &gt; &gt; Please no, nobody needs RNG Buffs on champions.
Delirium League is over, you're playing on Standard, where all items and characters eventually go.
Play Spellslinger VD next league and you won't have an issue breaking into Red maps even with just SSF gear. Take the time to actually understand your build, it sounds like your builds **seriously** lack defense, a Lv 95 character shouldn't get oneshotted in T10s unless you neglect defense. Next look at your efficiency, 10c/hour is very low, you want something with **good** clear speed, and you want to actually make use of that clearspeed, especially if you are limited in time per day in the first place.
Looks ok but I'd respec a bit to be able to grab a large cluster jewel, pathing to Undertaker is probably worth it as well. [This](https://i.imgur.com/fyCrQz9.jpg) is what I'm currently planing on.
Thats my tree from SSF HC (minus undertaker), didn't feel too squishy at all, then again Soul of Steel is probably too good to pass up for Undertaker.
SoS is probably still one of the better nodes near the tree (especially since it's right besides more HP) if all you want is defense, 1% max res is really good.
Yep, Starforge just had too much raw DPS.
Don't link Skellies to Melee Splash or Infernal Legion, you don't need any AoE clear with SRS while leveling, Skellies are only there for Single Target damage. Make sure to pick up Minion Instability as well if you level with SRS-Infernal Legion. As for Specters, don't bother using any until Act 5 where you can raise Slave Drivers, before that most Specters either don't do any damage or die too fast, even SD kind of die too often until about A6-A7.
Most CI Builds are kind of near Glancing Blows anyway, at most it's like 6-7 points which is worth it for GB imo.
Many path to ZO anyway, then pick up Faith and Steel since it's near or pick up Spiritual Aid, you can even pick up a 2 point jewel socket on the way.
I mean, you had to spend at least 3 talent points previously to get GB, sometimes even 5 or 6 if you were unlucky, it really isn't that much of a nerf, especially considering how strong GB is anyway.
Yes.
Vulkan works decently for me in windowed fullscreen, just overlays don't work.
You keep thinking that lmao.
I guess that's why the top 10 CI builds in SSF HC don't even use GB (and most in HC) and yet manage to get to lv 98+, must be really squishy.
It's the Skitterbots applying the Chill and Shock so you don't count as having chilled/shocked recently.
Spoken like a true SC player.
It's not entirely fullscreen, you can still leave it out of focus but have it still render, but maybe that's a Vulkan specific thing.
I don't think CWDT can ever cast spells that are on CD.
GGG state themselves that they don't balance around HC, the reason there's so many oneshots is due to people not having a clue how to build defense and due to how high recovery is, the only thing that can kill people are oneshots. Nobody plays with a logout macro in SC lmao.
3/10 shitpost.
&gt; Do you have a RTS 2080 or better video card? Do you have 16+ gb of RAM and an I9 9900k or better processor? If yes then: &gt; &gt; Don't over-exaggerate, I have a 970 and 5820k, VD is perfectly playable.
▄▄▄▀▀▀▄▄███▄ ▄▀▀░░░░░░░▐░▀██▌ ▄▀░░░░▄▄███░▌▀▀░▀█ ▄█░░▄▀▀▒▒▒▒▒▄▐░░░░█▌ ▐█▀▄▀▄▄▄▄▀▀▀▀▌░░░░░▐█▄ ▌▄▄▀▀ ▌░░░░▄███████▄ ▐░░░░▐███████████▄ PRAISE ▐░░░░▐█████████████▄ ▀▄░░░▐██████████████▄ ▀▄▄████████████████▄ █▀██████▀▀▀▀█▄ ▄▄▀▄▀ ▀██▀▀▀▄▄▄▀█ ▄▀▀▀▀▀ ██▌ ▄▀▄▀ ▄▄██▀
Let's assume you have 7000 HP, you are about to take a hit that does exactly 28000 damage of any element, so exactly oneshotting you. With 76% resist you actually survive with 280 hp left, so 1% max resist is worth almost 280hp, or the other way around, it would take a hit of 29.166 to kill you, giving you about 1100 EHP, if that's worth it is up to you.
It's better to play a faster mapper that is also capable of killing bosses without too much struggle, but it's fine to do them slowly.
Archmage (at least with brands) was absolutely busted, it deserved everything it got.
Can you run cmd and run the following command and let it run for a few minutes: ping 8.8.8.8 -t This will ping googles DNS servers, if your max ping isn't abnormally high after a few minutes it's probably the PoE servers. (You can cancel it by pressing CTRL+C)
Caustic Arrow -&gt; Toxic Rain, eventually respec into KB.
Spellslinger VD :)!
[Here's](https://pastebin.com/pHButw7Z) my VD PoB, it's from last league in SSF HC.
They've specifically stated it doesn't work with channeled spells.
You probably don't have the PoB Fork then, you can download it [here](https://github.com/PathOfBuildingCommunity/PathOfBuilding/releases).
You forgot to mention how the slam build has less dps than an average quin build in endgame gear.
You can technically just stick to Freezing Pulse until you get Spellslinger, switch to VD and it won't be too bad lol. If you want to tryhard it you go with Stormblast Mine (replace with Arc later) and Orb of Storms, throw in Wave of Conviction as well later on you just trigger Arc and WoC with SS.
I fucking love white sockets.
I usually level all my leaguestarters to at least lv 93+. Last league I started with TR Mines, while the build was really good overall, I just couldn't bear the playstyle and quit at lv 88.
&gt; If you have a good PC I would go with VD spellslinger. Zizaran recently made a guide about it, but it's very flashy (the build, not the guide) so expect FPS drops if you have anything lower than recommended PC parts. &gt; &gt; VD might not be as bad with the new Particle Culling tech!
People in Global are a bit triggered when someone asks anything, mainly because most of the time it's someone trying to troll them lmao, Global should really only be enjoyed from a safe distance to them.
&gt; Is it better to install PoE on the SSD for faster loading?? &gt; &gt; Absolutely, it's 100% worth it. &gt;In addition to this, would it be better to install the game now or wait for the actual new league? Im concern about the installation time on when is more efficient time-wise to install the game and patch the new league. Download it now, then you'll just have to download the patch when it's available later today.
I played SS VD last league in SSFHC, it's a **really** fun build, especially since the VD Orbs chase out any straggler mobs!
And being offended by something doesn't make that something inherently bad. I'm offended by people boiling the shit out of their pasta but I don't want it banned.
Probably because riot is afraid people will just troll with it. Honestly, if someone fails to properly connect for 5 min straight the game should just auto remake and the person DCing should take -lp.
[Here](https://pastebin.com/SBCPSZ6v) is my PoB from last league in SSF HC (has about 1-1.6m DPS), just a disclaimer, this is really bad gear and everything is really easy to get in a trade league, maybe except Inpulsa but I dont think a 5l one will be expensive.
Honestly I'd just not farm Lab then, no enchant is worth doing that.
&gt; How do I evaluate them and find one that will work better. Or is it just experiment and learning? Or does it also depend on the gear and it's mods? &gt; &gt; It ends up being your choice, see in what way they differentiate and then decide for yourself which ones you'd like.
Why would you want puncture if you go for chaos DoT?
Delirium ended earlier this week, it's over. The next league, Harvest starts in almost exactly 10 hours from now.
Even in softcore, the slightest of hits can get you stunned, and then you just die in stunlock, it's a really frustrating way to die.
Are you sure you didn't have any other source of Stun immunity? With CI/LL even a 500dmg hit has a 50% chance of stunning you and 1000 will always stun.
To lose weight without feeling hungry I'm afraid you'll have to seriously switch around your diet. In the end, any diet boils down to CICO, some diets hide it by requiring you to eat certain foods but "under the hood" you're basically still just doing CICO. Easiest way to feel full is eating low calorie meats (most fish/poultry) and veggies, go easy on pasta and red meat.
Shocked enemies take more damage from anything, so yes your poison will do more dmg.
How does it make micromanaging worse if you had to put those currencies somewhere anyway?
There's your problem. You should be putting things in Dumptabs (not sort after every map), and if you want to be really lazy about tabs just throw everything in Quadtabs.
Bro then you should probably stop playing the game, it's literally all about looting stuff.
What kind of builds do you level with? Try to play something that has easy access to life nodes and resists on top of having good damage.
They never did this and probably won't this league, your just pissed off without a real reason, turn off your PC and take a walk.
&gt; [...] all 10 tabs + tabs for actual items - every time after a map This implies he does it after every map.
Yep, you need to be in a map that has been opened via Zana Nemesis Mod, without that you cant chance it.
I think people are misunderstanding the "similar mods" crafts, if a weapon has 150% inc Phys dmg you won't get a Ring with that mod, you'll just get a ring with a offensive phys mod.
When someone creates an open source project people can contribute to it. They can also copy it and then keep developing on this "copy" without needing approval of the original project creator, the name for such a copy is a Fork. You can download it [here](https://github.com/PathOfBuildingCommunity/PathOfBuilding/releases).
Pretty sure it's maximum mana.
I'll probably make lots of Palatschinke (Pancakes but not necessarily sweet). Can be salty, savory or sweet, decently filling and if you go easy on the eggs and oil (you don't even need to necessarily oil the pan if you have a decent nonstick) it's not that calorie dense.
Either you lazily stick to Freezingpulse/Frostbomb from Lv 4 on or you tryhard it a bit and level with Stormblast Mine + Orb of Storms, switch the SB Mine with Arc once you get it, then pick up Wave of Conviction in A2, once you get Spellslinger you can then trigger Arc and WoC until about Blood Aqueducts where you can switch to VD/DD, or you switch right away when you get it in A3.
My mom once made a vanilla sauce for them, it's insanely addictive, instantly stole that recipe.
The Prodigy (almost any). Alestorm (most of them). Gloryhammer (almost all of them). Red Velvet (some songs, Hit That Drum and Red Flavor in particular).
Ghazzy usually knows his shit, you can trust them.
&gt; If we add a synthesized implicit to an item using the new crafting, does that re-roll the entire item, or is it like using an exalted orb but for implicits? &gt; In Synthesis it rerolled them completely iirc (I don't even remember if the resulting item was rare/magic/normal). &gt;Is there a way to remove an implicit from an item if the one we add sucks? Scouring? Chaos orb? Or is it stuck there forever? It's stuck iirc.
I don't think it's the proximity, otherwise you should be able to reproduce this with selfcast inside of big bosses, it's probably just that shotgun detection is broken with brands.
Wdym? You can literally spam life mod on a pair of boots or stygian vise and get at least 5c out of one harvest.
I know people on reddit like to exaggerate, but in reality all you need is a single premium tab to list shit to make currency (and for QoL a Currency tab).
Yeah I remember the first league I started to play, just 20c seemed like a fuckton.
Can you link your profile or PoB? You should absolutely not be struggling with Yellows even with pure SSF gear.
There's something wrong if you don't have enough damage for a yellow map, can you link your profile? I could check your character.
At least wait until the league's corpse has gone cold holy shit.
F. I think he wanted to double dash, but the rune sucked his mana dry.
I just quit instead lol.
"I made it myself :)".
I mean you could try crafting stuff, it's really not that complex just throwing shit in and seeing what sticks.
You can literally just throw random jewels at it and get 10-20c out of it every few encounters, it's really not fucking rocket science even on a minimal-interaction basis.
SS VD/DD by far.
OP only transmutes his maps, pls no transmute shaming.
Look at his other maps, he just traded into high reds rather than progressing it, no wonder he has shit sustain.
So, let's take a look at ED. First of all, how do you scale your damage? There's a few sources, the most common ones you're going to use are: * Chaos damage * Generic damage * Spell damage * (Chaos) DoT Multi (this is a seperate multiplier, so it's usually more valuable). * Minion damage (if you take Spiritual Aid) * Gem levels * Your general ascendancy perks Keeping all of those in mind you can already guess what your desired wand should have, first of all you should always look for one with DoT Multi, it's likely the best mod for the build since it's a separate multi and it's not quite as rare as +1 to chaos gems. Of course, a really good wand for you would be one with * DoT Multi * +1 to Chaos/Spell gems * Any combination of Spell/Chaos/Minion/Generic damage. Now that we know how to scale our damage, let's take a look at defense. First of all, 4k HP is too low, for almost anything but farming white maps. Outside of glass cannon builds, which ED certainly is not, you should aim for at least 5.5-6k HP. Since your ED however you have access to **much** more (E)HP, it is for example quite easy to hit ~6k HP and around 1.5-2k ES, to answer your question as to how much HP each of your gear pieces should have: it's simple, as much as you can afford. For example, a Ring without any HP is unacceptable. Now lets take a look at your build, clearly you're playing with Spellslinger, it's a quick setup for speed clearing maps but what you've probably noticed is that it's boss damage rivals that of your average quin build, it also reserves mana, which lowers your survivability even further. Switching to manual Cont/ED will give you both, more damage and more survivability at the cost of a bit of clearpseed, however ED is very fast baseline and the added reliability to your build should outweigh the loss of a bit of clear. As for what to do with your suddenly free mana, I'd suggest at least Flesh &amp; Stone in Sand stance, it gives you a blind aura which is really strong, especially for it's cost of only 25%. You can then either go for Malevolence for more damage, or go for the more defensive setup with something like Blasphemy Enfeeble and maybe Discipline if you go for more ES or Skitterbots for some damage. While you're at it, you should fix up your Flasks, the most default setup is a (Bubbling or Seething) Divine Flask, a Quicksilver Flask and 3 (defensive) utility flasks, for your setup the ones that make the most sense are probably a Jade (Evasion), a Basalt (Phys reduction) and a Stibnite if you feel like you have lots of Evasion or a Granite since you do not take Acrobatics. Change those things up and you should see a massive improvement in your overall build.
Your goal is either CI (or low life, basically the same build) or Hybrid. In either case, you want an ES/Evasion chest (preferably a Sadist Garb) and pure ES bases for your other slots, unless you find really good ES/Evasion bases, if you go hybrid you look for a bit less ES on gear (otherwise prices skyrocket) and high life rolls, last time I played hybrid it was ridiculous how cheap hybrid gear was ( T1/T2 life rolls and T3/T4 ES).
Are you clearing them slower than quin does? Because in 16s you get much more if you have any semblance of clear.
Man people really are going delusional in quarantine.
Considering that all your efforts are for naught the second the bot programmers develop a way around it? Yep, completely ineffective and worthless.
It would be ineffective if a single bot developer can destroy your efforts in a few days of programming.
Everyone can make currency, without farming harbor bridge, I don't understand what is so hard about it, you can literally spam T1 white maps and make a decent profit.
Impale stacks are also consumed on hit, you'll gain more DPS if you have more chance to impale, it's pretty much necessary, if you want to minmax, especially given how easy it is to get.
More like 50c per hour if you are actually playing the game, much more if you are simply doing Reds.
Can you post your PoB (or profile)?
What do you even mean with "if you are in 0.1%", you are playing the game wrong if it takes you so long to make currency.
What do you expect form an ARPG with an economy? To currency to just fly up your ass? And this is not about min/maxing, this is about common sense, nobody expects people to play full MF speed demons clearing burials in 1 minute, this is about the very fact that killing mobs = currency, killing mobs fast = lots of currency, killing mobs slow = less currency. If you **intentionally** do things that are proven to be less efficient you aren't going to make currency in this game, you said it yourself, farming Harbor Bridge **was** min/maxing, yet you seem to have had no issue with that back then, yet now it seems to be an issue? Maybe you should get your opinions straight.
First of all, Harbor Bridge is the epitome of min/maxing in this game, it quite literally sacrificed any fun in the game just for currency and speed, the very definition of min/maxing. How is it bad game design? Level 100 is by far no requirement, there's literally no build that requires you to be Level 100, it's even a stretch to say that any build even requires Level 80. Level 100 is a long term goal for people to reach (with almost no benefit, 99-&gt;100 literally just gives you a minuscule amount of stats and 1 talent point, of which you already have 122) , not something you should be able to easily accomplish, tell me, why do you think it is bad game design?
Are you alching them? It's worth it to pop a few sac fragments if you have a (relative to your progress) juiced high tier map, maybe even a zana mod.
Are you just looking for a base? In that case just look for a Vaal Regalia.
If you have a bit of baseline regeneration you can drop it, it's really rare to get a huge regular bleed.
How much did you list it for? It's probably going to be around 8ex +/- 3 or so ex, depending on how much people are willing to pay for it.
You can list it for 8 for a day or two, if nobody buys it I'd lower, you might have to settle for like 6, maybe even 5.
The problem GGG has with it is direct access to the stash from inside a map.
It's fun trying your own build and seeing how far you get, just keep in mind that you might eventually stall out. Just keep in mind, defense is very important in PoE, you basically need 75% of all elemental (fire, cold, lightning) resistances or you'll be oneshot quite often even with very high HP. So, no matter the build, you'll want resists (mainly from gear, some from the tree) and HP (both, from tree and gear). If you want to have a shot at reaching endgame right away I'd suggest looking at a guide instead.
Is your temple ready?
Inb4 this is another "reddit doesn't even alch their maps" situation.
I remember my dad had this theory that you could time his animation where he would swing his hammer to his forehead (I think?) 3 times, on the third time you had to hit upgrade and it would always work. It did not work always work.
Currently Lv 96, right now this is my [stash](https://imgur.com/5AVByeo), I've planted at least 15 or so T3s already and 3-4 T4s, you must be doing something wrong. Or did you literally just chase map completion?
Spellslinger adds local wand dmg to spells.
Some builds simply can't do some mods, you should just be rerollen ele reflect.
[Scrolling through someones comments to flame them](https://i.imgur.com/ExWYfEEl.png). Besides, cluster jewels are by far not as hard to craft as reddit claims, they were nerfed too hard yes, but at the same time people cried far too much instead of actually trying to craft them with anything but chaos spamming.
I think that's an issue with playing PoE in fullscreen, playing in windowed/borderless fixed it for most iirc.
They only spawn on maps influenced by the blue conqueror, I've seen some people claim they only spawn in the map that is actually occupied by the boss but I'm not sure about that.
You don't always get one, for me it just randomly popped up again after I did a T4. Kinda sad I don't get to talk to Oshabi again :(.
The way the atlas works is that it first chooses what tier a map is, so in your case it selects T15, only then does it look at which T15 are eligible for dropping, if your only T15s are in your atlas are in Haewark, it will be a T15 from Haewark for sure, unless you don't have a single T15 eligible for drop, in that case it lowers the Tier until it hits a map that is allowed to drop in your Atlas.
SS VD with Inpulsa or Explody Chest, KB/Ice Shot Deadeye if you have too much currency.
Anything that explodes on kill also removes corpses (including Inpulsa and explode chest), anything that crits with a tiny bit of cold damage also removes corpses, there's also the option of playing a build that isn't full glasscannon and can tank them.
It's busted for everyone. My friend who is usually more casual, just today (start to finish) crafted boots with T1 Movement speed, 110 HP and something absurd like 135 total res. (Standard worth is around 50ex). I've personally crafted an item worth at least 50c-1ex every hour, best hit so far were 170 ES boots with T1 ms and some res, sold for 5ex, and those were made just with defense mod spam and then replace Ele with ele mod. It's really not GGGs or the "0.01%"s fault you refuse to engage with the mechanic.
Oh, guess I missed the suffix part, guess you were unlucky after all.
Everything was SSF, no seeds bought.
I can't see them allowing guild stash access, probably too much of a nightmare to prevent rollbacks/duping.
You could try listing it for multiple exalts and lower it by one or two every day and see if someone bites.
Unless you intentionally stack a stat (for example when using Hand of Wisdom and Action or Pillar of the Caged God) you typically try to get a stat from everywhere you can (tree and gear) otherwise if it's just to meet item/gem requirements it's better to get it from gear.
Yep, it's no shame to allocate a 30str node until you find a good piece of gear tho
It's up to you, I'd certainly not destroy it but rather keep as a souvenir to look at once in a while in standard, that's what I did with mine when I finally dropped one. Just to put into perspective, that thing is worth about 100ex right now (price is going to go up, at least to about 200), by now you may have found one or two exalts, if you sell the mirror, you'll basically have infinitely currency for a beginner.
My gut feeling is about 20ex is a good starting point, but it may only sell for 10, maybe less.
Given enough currency, the LL version will be better, both in defense and offense.
I wouldn't sell it at all as a beginner. Someone new doesn't know how to spend 150ex (unless his friend helps him with gearing).
Lol I've had someone go absolutely ballistic on me because I wouldn't log over to standard to sell them some shitty 50c ring, that even for standard was overpriced as fuck, some people man.
It's probably not included as another way of nerfing HH this league.
You can change the order of the tabs, and rename premium tabs!
You mean completely remove them? You'll occasionally get the option for someone to leave the syndicate, it's different to the interrogate option, it is somewhat rare tho.
It doesn't always spawn on T4 seeds, it took me another two or three T4 seeds for it to spawn again.
Yep, that works, it also works the other way around. The only thing where Tier matters is if you try to get the Awakening Bonus (it says what Tier and Awakening level you need to complete in the Atlas Tooltip).
It certainly wouldn't hurt if you could freely reset the tree until about lv 50 or so, and on top of that maybe give out a few regrets more by leveling.
To add one more: Attack rolls on Elder boots (guarantees Fortify Support).
Fractured Mods are special Mods on items that are "locked" meaning once they are fractured you can't remove them from the item, so if an item has a 40% Lightning Res mod and you fracture it, it becomes locked. Once a mod is fractured you can do anything to said item and it will always keep this 40% Lightning Res mod (including using Chaos Orbs or any other crafting method, except for when it bricks via Vaal Orb).
Phys Craft until you get at least one good and one bad mod (or just one good one), then either wait for a Augment Phys or take your chances with replace Phys with Phys mod, you can also throw the occasional Fossil on your Mace, helps to keep multiple bases around.
Please no time gated XP, people care even less about the 100 race if it takes multiple weeks, almost every Streamer that races to 100 has more viewers now than they had a year or two ago, people definitely watch the race more than they did previously. Also, nerfing XP won't have the effect you think it will have, people will no-life the race no matter what even if you reduce XP to zero they'll try to get as much gear as possible.
Any fire damage has a small chance to Ignite (ignited enemies count as burning).
There is at least a fractured suffix craft from T4 seeds (but it requires the item to have 3 suffixes and it picks one at random), I think there's also a fractured prefix craft but I haven't found one yet.
The fork had this issue as well in one of the recent updates, bricked it completely for me until a hard reset.
That used to be kind of true, but at least since Incursion League it makes sense to at the very least get to 0%, and since then chaos damage has only gotten more common.
It'll get much harder, the first few acts are kind of easy, especially if you take the time to loot stuff and have decent resistances, it gets noticeably harder by Act 4/5 and difficulty increases with each act unless you stop to gear up in a zone (Act 9 Blood Aqueducts is popular for this). Endgame is an entirely different beast, especially by late end game there will be Bosses with abilities that will absolutely delete you if not manually dodged.
Yeah, pretty much no source of chaos can kill if you if you hover around 30-40%, unless it's Awakener in which case you're fucked anyway if you get hit by the big boi spells unless you're on a really defensive build.
I can't imagine it to be worth too much, I don't think many people are playing full hybrid to make use of both mods effectively.
You could try selling it, maybe some of the few Hybrid dudes will buy this for a few ex, you could try crafting another shield in the meantime, shouldn't be too hard to hit HP &amp; recover on block again, possibly with better starting mods.
Always pick up rare (yellow) items in between city visits, you can sell them unidentified to vendors to get Transmutation Orbs (or rather Transmute shards), those are basic currency in the game and can either be used to buy stuff from vendors, make white items blue (giving them up to two mods) or you can straight up sell the Transmutes to vendors to get 4 wisdomscrolls per Orb. Since you're Ranger you should be identifying yellows that are evasion based, those are more likely to have green sockets (which you will probably need the most) and you can most likely equip them right away without needing to meet any stat requirements. In terms of mods, look mainly for HP and Elemental Resistances, by Act 5 you want all of your resistances to be at least close to 75% (75 is the cap), otherwise some Bosses can hit extremely hard. As a side note, identified rares usually sell for Alteration Orbs, which are quite useful later on, especially for rolling Flasks.
Very nice kill! Speaking of which, does someone know if doing the boss with map mods (quant) has any effect on loot?
I only made mediocre stuff myself (best one were 170 ES, T2 MS, 2x T2 Res Boots+1 Res Craft). I also currently have a base with T1 ES and T1 MS I'm trying to craft on. a friend of mine made Boots with: * T1 MS * T1 HP * T1 (? I think) Hybrid HP+ES * 3x T2 Res, one of them might have been T3, I'll have to check later. it's on a Two-Toned base on top. They are quite insane but I think he wants to use them for himself instead of selling.
Unfortunately not, for most purposes the items in your currently inactive Weapon slot might as well be not equipped, the only exception is for Gems! They sill gain XP while in your second slot.
Honestly, most of the harvest layouts posted to reddit are overly complicated, all you need are two gardens per color, one basic one for just T1 seeds and a second one for everything else (for the second one place two dispenser left and right to the garden, connect them to opposite colors and then place another two dispersers outside of the "seed" area with the same color as the garden). For T3 Seeds you need Dispersers of both other colors (blue seeds need yellow and purple), T4 Seeds need Dispersers of every color within range.
There's a massive difference between progression gates and straight up time gates, do not confuse them. Simply increasing the 98/99-&gt;100 XP required is enough if GGG thinks the race should be longer, but I think it's ok the way it is now, RNG has always been a big part when two people were neck and neck, just a single good haul of T15s could swing the entire race even back then.
Ah, that's good to know!
It's basically the same tree as normal ED just that you link Contagion, ED and maybe Soulrend to Spellslinger and use Frenzy to trigger SS.
Nope, the Boss is intentionally an asshole.
I don't think they're tradable, at least I couldn't put them in the trade window, couldn't put them in the guild stash either, maybe you can drop them on the ground or something?
Yep, I had a character find the last trial at 92, but if you play SSF you know what you get into.
Isn't that the harvest symbol?
Yep, anything that is an attack and uses your wand, so Kinetic Blast, Frenzy and Barrage all work with Spellslinger.
It can remove ES mods, they are only tagged as defense.
In order of easiest to hardest (in terms of mechanics): * Elder * Shaper * Atziri * Uber Elder * Uber Atziri Atziri is a special kind of PITA if you don't have reflect immunity and an ability that you can't exactly control (VD orbs).
&gt;Tempests. Who gives a shit. They dont influence the gameplay at all, you dont even notice them most times. Smells like someone never used a Corrupting Tepest.
100% agree, balancing around Casuals is the death of any meaning in games like this, just look at the state of WoWs corpse, fucking Classic is more popular than it's current Expansion.
Yep, it's almost possible to sustain 16s with just Alch and go, maybe throw a Zana mod on the naturally good rolled ones and you're gucci.
Lucky in PoE basically means that it's rolled twice and gives you the better result, say you roll an item with lucky values and the game decides to give you a life roll, it then rolls twice, rolling T6 Life and T2 Life, the final item will then have a T2 Life mod.
Both of those have the same effect, note however that Damage over Time Multiplier is different and better in most cases.
Yeah, just slapping Alva and a Breach mod on a map will almost always give you a Delirium.
&gt;The irony in this is palpable. You do realize WoW was considered “the casual MMO” right? Like every MMO community at the time considered it the casual fiesta, so to hold it up as the hardcore standard proving that is the goal is hilarious. Ah yes, it was/is the "casual" MMO, does't change the fact that most other MMOs were P2W hot garbage at the time, my point is that since then they tried to cater to the casual audience even more than they already did. &gt;In fact a big complaint is just how much needless time investment is required. That complaint comes mostly from the more hardcore players, before the corruption Vendor was implemented getting a perfect set of corruptions was probably rarer than actually finding a Mirror in PoE.
&gt; I just felt you underplayed the value of casual-ness in WoW’s success It was definitely important, the issue is they went much too far in trying to equalize things in BFA. &gt;Balancing around casuals is healthy for a game, but make sure hardcore players also have something meaty to bite into. You can do both, and when you hit that’s balance it’s great. Yeah, I think that's the best way to describe it, Blizzard certainly seems to have given up on it. Imo I think they have been trying to chase the Casual audience, in the process ruining the game for both, their core of hardcore players and the casuals.
Just play Spectres or something, you'll probably have at least 20ex still in your bank once you're unkillable and have ~6m DPS.
Yeah I meant "base" more like a starting point for crafting, but Harvest should bring a few useful options for crafting one.
What's the error message you get when trying to connect to it?
Ill post one in a few minutes, cant right now.
[Here](https://pastebin.com/Y95TbCEb) you go, made a quick outline. Most important part is getting the Raise Specte Gem to Lv 25 so you get 4 (5 with Chest) total Spectres (achieved by +1 Wand, +1 Boots , +2 from Ascendancy and a 21 Gem). Shield is simply one with Life on Block. As for Offering, you can go with Bone Offering for more reliable blocks when Bossing or you can use Flesh Offering and use a Rumis Flask. DPS comes down to about 1m per Spectre, so with all of them you get to 5m DPS, with full gear you probably have around 7k HP, 5 End Charges. I haven't checked if it fits but you could add another Skeleton 5 Link so they'd do ~1.5m DPS on top. The most expensive part here is probably the Chest which will probably run you around 6-12 Ex with a decent Life roll. EDIT: You probably want to use Scales of Esh for this build instead of Slave Drivers, I haven't tried them myself but I've been told they are a direct upgrade to Slavers in every way. EDIT 2: Make sure you throw in a Unending Hunger somewhere so your Specters basically have a mini HH.
&gt;Wonder if it has anything to do with all the diablo players pouring in after diablo immortal announcement. Big think. YEP.
Problem with that is that some mods literally have only one tier, on some items you can guarantee a certain mod with an Augment, you could make insane items just with the shitty augs, because the good outcome is the only one.
EDIT: replied to the wrong comment lmao.
You could use the Brine Soul Pantheon. Another really cheap way of getting a bit of Stun avoidance is any Abyss Jewel with (preferably a high) ES regen roll, many people don't know this but while you have **any** ES you have a separate 50% chance to avoid being stunned.
Your best bet are probably ES/Life Essences or Harvest Defense/Life reforge crafts, can't use Fossils since ES/HP Fossils block the other.
**UGhhhh**
Since were on the topic, does someone know of an alternative to Mercury Trade?
What did poor Chris Wolcen do to you?
Welcome! Zizaran recently made a Video Guide on crafting I think. But as a new player it's going to take a while to understand what's good and what isn't. A good way to get a grasp on what is good and what is bad is to play a few builds, then go over to [craft of exile](https://www.craftofexile.com/), and take a look at the mods some items can have, for example you'll notice that having Curses on hit on rings is pretty nice for almost all builds! In terms of currency, don't be afraid to just use it on items to get an idea on how they work, just keep in mind that [Vaal Orbs] (https://pathofexile.gamepedia.com/Vaal_Orb) have crazy outcomes and prevent the item from being further craftable. Be sparse with Chaos Orbs, they are the "baseline" currency. If you happen to find Exalted Orbs do not use them, as a beginner (and often as an experienced player) it's often better to use them as "large" currency, they are currently worth about 180 Chaos Orbs. Also, if you happen to find a Mirror of Kalandra you are basically a rich man (worth: 120 Exalted), do not use it or sell it for anything less than 120 Ex. But the chances of finding one are extremely low. Do you have any specific questions?
&gt;1) I'm pretty fucking poor Then you can't MF in red maps really. &gt;2) I play with my friend who's running an aura bot (Important note here: I want the build to perform on its own as well, because I don't play with said friend all the time) This changes everything, you can focus a bit more on defense and MF stats while your Aurabot provides Offense and some futher Defense. You'll need to invest quite a bit to actually clear Red maps by yourself, the cheapest build to get going is probably Kinetic Blast, you can switch to Ice Shot later on. Spark is another option I've seen people do but I have no clue how cheap/expensive it is.
You didn't post any axes!
Yeah I occasionally see people do it when browsing streams but I have no clue how good it is, but I think many of them aren't necessarily MF.
It's probably bot detection or something that went off, did GGG Support not unban you, or was it an automatic response?
You don't need giga expensive gear to clear most endgame stuff, but you might want to switch to a 6l Blight setup for Bosses, since ED Singletarget damage is kind of weak.
Careful with that setup, I assume the guide you're following uses a Bow for ED? Can be quite expensive to craft/buy one early on, you're better of going with a Wand+Shield with ED in your 6l Chest while you are still progressing!
Sure :P, craft of exile (or rather, PoE in general) can be very confusing as a beginner, but you'll eventually come to understand more and more.
Take a look at [craft of exile](https://www.craftofexile.com/). You'll notice most mods have at least one tag, when something says "Life mods are more likely" like on Fossils, you'll be more likely to get the mods that are tagged as Life. Some mods quite literally are the only mod in the entire pool, for example Tailwind on (Hunter influenced) Boots is the only Crit mod possible, this means that if you were to reroll a pair of Hunterboots with a guaranteed Crit mod, you'd 100% of the time get Tailwind as a mod, of course this is one of the reasons Crit mod crafts are so rare in Harvest. But there are a few more common ways of targeting specific mods, the most basic one being of course just throwing a pair of Boots at Life-rerolls and hoping for high HP/Movement/Resist mods, it's more common than you'd think that it'll spit out something worth at least a few 10s of chaos. Some mods are of course harder to hit, a good use for Fire rerolls are Warlord influenced Rings, they can roll Fire damage per Endurance Charge and Flammability on hit, both of which are pretty nice mods, especially if you manage to hit both. Another nice example are Attack crafts on Elder influenced Boots (you're guaranteed to get Fortify on Hit support), I also really like Caster mods on Hunter Gloves, has a high chance to roll Unnerve on Hit. You can also gamble a bit, you could try using Phys-rerolls on Crusader Influenced Chests and hope for the Explode mod, jackpot if you manage to hit any other useful mods (or a nice baseline where you can easily remove/remove-add/aug certain mods), since Phys mods on chests are limited, you can even force the Explode Mod via Phys Augment if you exhaust all other options for it to roll (If the Chest has Reflect to enemies and phys as lightning present as well as 3 suffixes a Phys Augment will guarantee Explode Mod).
They probably are just currency shuffling, maybe they buy them low and sell high?
TIL he has a different color than his clones, I have pretty severe red-green weakness lol. It's still pretty easy to tell which ones the real one tho.
I like him too, especially his Voice Acting. It's a shame they changed the way the storms behave because people were self-bricking the fight, now they feel kind of pointless, they look pretty cool tho.
So, to do this you need the "two Colors", "two sockets" "three sockets" and "four sockets" crafts. First you make the item two socket, then you color it in the two colors that are most unlikely to occur, then you use the three socket craft, see if it's another color you want, if not you go back to two sockets, repeat until the third socket is the color you want, repeat the same for the fourth socket (go 3rd -&gt; 4th -&gt; 3rd) until you hit it.
