&gt; But I don't want to spend $28 and find out the extra weight makes small movements imprecise or something like that. It's the opposite. My understanding is that there are essentially two ways to use a gaming mouse: - Low DPI: you will need a giant mousepad and you will frequently need to lift the mouse up to reposition it. A lot of FPS players use this because it improves aim. - High DPI: you barely move your hand and the cursor goes across the entire screen. You only need a tiny space for your mouse and you never lift the mouse. The downside of this method is that it's less precise. If you use low DPI, then obviously a lighter mouse is better. I personally use high DPI and find that a heavier mouse actually improves my precision. It makes it less jittery and makes me less likely to overshoot. YMMV. A lot of it is personal preference.
Go play indie games, i.e. games developed primarily to be fun and not to make money
Speaking of white people in North America... what happened with the Native Americans that used to live here? Ethnic cleansing and stealing land is only okay when white people do it?
skyozora is in Chinese btw
It's an easy mistake to make because all the ability/dungeon/monster names are still in Japanese (there is no Chinese localization for the game), and Japanese and Chinese share so many characters.
People think broken escalators become stairs. Sometimes they break in a way that they become meat grinders instead.
Will you address the unintuitive aiming mechanism required to hit enemies around corners with thrown weapons? (Will the bow solve this issue?) For example: https://imgur.com/zUJjX0q.jpg If I throw the boomerang at the rat directly (tile marked with 'X'), it will hit the wall instead. Double tapping the boomerang to auto-target has the same result. The only way to hit the rat is to manually aim instead at the tile marked 'O'. This can get confusing and is harder to extrapolate to longer distances.
All of Camille's abilities have to do at least 3 things, because why not?
Your assumption is that 6/7 stars don't have good rates. PCGF is hype because the latest PCGF in JP had great rates for 6 and 7 star GFEs at the cost of being 10 stone.
Inb4 the Karthus panic flashes the bubble and cancels ult
I'm going back to comet on Zyra. Laning phase poke is too important, and DH is useless in lane now.
Comet helps you poke in lane. DH is a scaling rune that is literally useless in lane now. Zyra is not a lategame champion. You need to get the advantage in lane.
Electrocute vs Comet comes down to the matchup and how easily you can proc Electrocute in that lane (if you can't safely autoattack and most of your poke has to come from max range QW, then that's a point towards Comet). Dark Harvest is donezo.
Jhin
The winning team is always favored, since that's what it means to be winning. But I think the relative advantage actually goes to the losing team on a dark map. The losing team has no chance fighting on equal numbers, so the only thing they can do is try to get picks or camp a bush somewhere. Basically less vision leads to more chaotic situations where the gold lead matters less.
It's not that the map will be totally dark. But the change that is being mentioned in this thread pushes the lategame vision more in that direction, favoring the losing teams. The losing team's wards tend to be cleared by sweepers and control wards, so aren't as affected by the duration change. The winning team's wards will tend to time out. Winning team can obviously still get decent vision lategame, but it's nowhere near the extent of previous seasons. You used to be able to almost entirely remove fog of war from the map.
Not really. The thing to realize is that the non-empowered version is really bad. It's 0.5 seconds which is basically nothing, especially against tenacity. Zyra E is a real AoE CC that can potentially disengage an entire enemy team. Neeko's E is more like a Morgana Q that goes through minions (which is scary for a different reason).
Think of her Q like Morgana pool. If someone stands in it for the entire duration, they'll take a lot of damage. But the only time that's ever happening is if you land the snare.
She's basically Morgana. Hit snare then use Neeko Q/Morg W.
Yeah so Camille will jungle at worst 3% slower\* than before, that will definitely stop her from being super broken in the jungle. \*3% assumes she doesn't use any abilities. She has multiple auto resets and 2 aoe abilities, so it's not even going to be 3%.
He's already a demon, so his face is already a demon mask
It's no longer stated that Zyra took the sorceress's body.
Why isn't anyone taking exhaust right now if it's so broken then? Let me guess. You think exhaust is fine and it's just "underrated". But at the same time you also want ignite nerfed? Do you want supports to take heal again? I'm not saying exhaust needs to lower resists again. That was only added to compensate the damage reduction getting nerfed from 50%. Exhaust could go back to 50% now that it's gone.
I did read your entire post and most of it is not objectionable. But I have to question: You truly believe exhaust is better than ignite right now ("I never take ignite on support. Exhaust saves my adc’s life. Taking ignite is putting the game completely on whether or not you can stomp lane."). But you want ignite nerfed anyway (by a disgusting amount)? That doesn't make any sense.
The bug is that he can go over the cap using it.
Did you know that you should get 1 minion low before throwing out the Q so you can get another bloom? Also, something I like to do is to get 1 minion low before using Q to get another bloom to push the wave. If you get 1 minion low before casting Q, you can even get another bloom to push the wave!
I'm not saying "it wasn't even good back then", I'm saying that ignite still saw some use even back then (I personally used it about half the time while playing aggressive supports). Exhaust was the better spell back them for sure.
They should've sent Irelia
No, it's more like if you had a fighting game where characters have unique strengths, and you just picked the character you always use instead of the one actually suited to the level. Meanwhile other people picked the best character for the level and are destroying you. The only way the game developers can prevent this is by making all the characters exactly the same and have no unique advantages, which is obviously nonsense. DMeta is almost never good for ranking dungeons: too slow + not 7x6. I don't know why you're complaining.
Did you suddenly pass out for half an hour?
The key to laning well is to CS while holding a stun. Annie Bot does farm with Q's usually but he also gets perfect CS with just autoattacks while holding the stun.
Insane Irelia outplay where she missed everything but then her E is up again and she can 1v2 anyway?
Better jungler wins almost always. It's so hard to deal with jungle difference as a laner. That's why there are so many jungler mains at the top of the ladder.
Stop leading with Theurgia for starters. AMori is a much better leader (still not great though). What else do you have?
Wait. You actually have a Madoo. Why on Earth are you using Theurgia then? Madoo teams are very easy to build and play and quite strong. Basically just Madoo and then any fire monsters (if you're not sure, then just pick the highest stats or the most awakenings). Stay away from farmable stuff not named Eir.
remove god
Missed E, missed R, got hit by Anivia's whole combo, hits E (back up already, very cool), misses W, double kill and pop mastery emote.
Also just noticed you have Reeche. You can evolve her to the 7c form and use her as a leader. She's might be harder to play if you're not used to comboing, but she does give you extra time. Her team is also very flexible. Just make sure you have all colors on the team, either as main attribute or subattribute. Other than that, you want to prioritize 7c awakenings and time extends. Reeche/Enra/Valeria/LIdeal/(any sub with FUA)/Reeche is a really strong team and much stronger than the Madoo team (but is a bit harder to play). The only FUA I could find in your box is Lajoa, but he's horribly out of place on this team. You need him to deal with resolves, but replace him ASAP.
Yeah true, it'd be more creative if all of her abilities did 3 things and she had 3 dashes, untargetability, and some new "True" ability that supercedes everything else. On second thought, I'm okay with less cancerous bullshit getting pumped out.
Jhin does do a lot of damage to Alistar when his ult runs out. It's mainly because of his ult and aftershock that he's able to be unkillable while comboing Jhin to death.
He does do damage, but Alistar has aftershock and his ult popped. One of Jhin's autos actually chunks him a lot after the ult runs out.
I imagine people who underrate DMeta don't have a healer on their team and can't recover their health.
Wait having map awareness isn't toxic. "Spying on you", wtf?
I hope so. If people are ever not making tier lists for a game, it means no one cares about that game.
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Eventual_consistency
It's mainly due to competition. There are a ton of big software companies eager for more talent in SV, so all of those companies have to pay more or the locals will just go to a competitor. Combine that with the effect of brain drain leading people all over the world to relocate to SV for jobs (so the average talent is higher in SV than elsewhere), and that's why the average salaries are much higher.
It's easy to be**lie**ve a "lie".
First turret gold is already not global.
Not just for this dungeon, but fwiw I think it's worth to buy Amen in general (though it depends how much MP you're banking and how much you co-op farm)
I think farming the seasonal dungeons for 4* invades is the best for MP. Iirc it's a 25% chance for 3000 MP.
Oh wow, it's actually 34% in your post. That's close to 1k MP per run.
It's not about isolationism. It's about electing a dumbass that can't speak in complete sentences instead of an actual politician trained in diplomacy.
&gt; So take Brand for instance, whether he is mid or support he will do the same damage output regardless due to his passive. That's false. Support Zyra/Brand deal good damage, but that pales in comparison to the amount of damage a mid Zyra/Brand can deal. But I bet you haven't (nor anyone else, for that matter) seen these champions actually played mid in years. They get dumpstered way too hard by mobile assassins. Also the reason the supports have higher damage dealt is because of how supporting works. Supports don't have to focus on last hitting or saving spells for waveclear to not get pushed in. Laning phase as a support mage literally is just casting poke off cooldown on the enemy laners. The damage numbers get even more ridiculous if the enemy has something like Nami who can just sustain through the poke and stay in lane. So I claim that if you put a mid Zyra and a support Brand (or the other way around) on the same team, the mid will always actually deal more damage with their combo, but the support will have a higher damage dealt per game stat postgame.
If anyone ever pings their mana and it's below 30%, it means "I'm oom, peace out". No one ever pings 12% mana to mean "I can still cast W, let's towerdive".
Noob question: I thought HD comes with an updated AI that doesn't cheat and is still reasonably strong? How much stronger are these custom AIs compared to that AI?
The way is lit. The path is clear. We only require the strength to follow it.
At least getting autofilled won't lose you any LP from your main role anymore. I doubt you have higher winrate on your offroles than your main role, so this should still speed up your climb overall.
ALB (and RLB) is the opposite of versatile. He may have been the first popular farm lead, but he's truly terrible right now. The state of the art is Amen or Kaede. B/x Ameno and Sylvie are not too common but are both also strict upgrades to ALB. There are also a lot more that I'm probably forgetting. A lot of these new top tier farming leads are color-agnostic or at least color-tolerant. You can run board changers of any color, so it will be useful to pick up some MNoahs just in case. Currently a lot of farming teams use MGoemon instead of Dios because his active provides extra utility on top of the board (unlock or haste). It's too easy to say whether MNoah will be as useful, but it's very possible since she also has an unlock active and a useful niche (unlock with 2 sb, and the uvo deals 8x damage below 50%).
If you're strictly only interested in farming mythical descends and lower, then green rows are fine. You need better teams for anything harder. I'm also talking about swipe or button farming, but for actually hard dungeons. What do you mean by versatile? I can't think of a single way that a team that can only activate off Dios boards is more versatile than a team that can activate off any color board, ignore locked orbs, damage cap with bicolor boards, clear floors without any active by comboing, etc. To be clear, I'm not talking about using MNoah as a leader. I don't even know what her leader skill is. I'm saying she adds new options to color agnostic leads like Amen or Ameno.
This is unreadable. Try using sentences.
Wtf is this? That's like saying it's lawful to aim a loaded gun at someone and pull the trigger, but only if you had no intention of murder, and also the gun doesn't fire, and also the victim doesn't care. Realistically, yelling about a bomb threat in a crowd will always get you in trouble.
After being told to stop relying on whataboutism, you immediately spout off another one? Is this the only thing you know how to do?
&gt; It turns out that having your whole kit being point and click isn't healthy at all, it leads to no counterplay or any kind of skill involved. The counterplay is to play a mage and oneshot fid from 2x his range. Bruisers/assassins with 5 dashes don't have to counter every single champion in the game, you know.
Wow, this is really the perfect response. I can't tell if this is a real warning or a joke.
It was a generic warning from a mod for breaking the subreddit rules, which appears to have been issued in error. My initial reaction was, "WTF? There's no way this deserves a mod warning". But the more I realized the possibility of it actually being a shitpost from the mod (since the mod left your comment up), the more I realized it would have fit perfectly in this thread (as I would have failed to recognize the joke). I'm sort of disappointed this wasn't the case, actually.
"Looking at" Neeko's kit is not enough. If you have tried her you'll find they're quite different. Neeko has no zone control and much worse poke.
No. I'm talking about leader skill. The 7x6 LS is commonly used in ranking dungeons, for example the most recent one.
Forgive me for assuming you were some midgame player then. But the reason for that is that PAD really doesn't have anything to do in the endgame other than farming and ranking. If you don't farm, and trivially clear every dungeon, then what do you actually do in pad? How does this game continue to hold your interest, other than the sunken cost? I think this is what causes whales and long time players to gravitate towards chasing crowns and making ridiculous no-pass full button teams to shave seconds off random +30 descends.
Ilmina was used in every other ranking dungeon though. Those two were one-off things.
4x HP teams already have so many ways to heal that it's only a matter of time before GungHo straight up makes 4x HP leads with some RCV multiplier.
Because it's actually important for Christmas to line up with the real holiday. They probably make a lot less money when it's late because by then the festive mood is gone.
Why not just bring 3 whaledors?
I don't know, why does silverado consider blatant vandalism and criminal destruction of private property to go against the idea of being a first world country? I disagree with what you're doing so I'm just going to slash your tires and break your windows. Civilized, right?
Mega Awoken Lemon Dragon xD omg I gigamaxed my Princess Soprano so random lol
"Rcv boost" in the leader skill is obsolete and redundant. You just run Eir and match 4 hearts whenever you want healing.
Have you ever played a mage against Irelia
The main effort put into the rendering was the dithering algorithm (converting from grayscale to 1-bit color). It went through a few different iterations. Compared to that, the color palettes were trivial.
Haha yeah, I'm pretty bad. But I did read your entire post and you helped me understand the importance of flexibility.
I'm just saying that champions like Irelia blur the line between assassin and bruiser. If you have an Irelia diving the ADC and support, it will look a lot like your Zed scenario and less like the Kled. I don't entirely agree with OP (especially the balance suggestions), but it's definitely true that bruisers are getting more assassin-like with insane mobility and frontloaded burst damage.
it's hilarious that the 3-hit passive guy also designed Jhin
Reverse high-frequency trading
I think you have that backwards? Other cities in Ontario are farther apart than entire countries are in Europe.
Alright, where did I claim every bruiser was as OP as Irelia? Isn't this ironic?
You could always just cancel it by holding an orb.
Don't you guys have phones?
I don't understand what you mean. The recall goes down to 0.1 and then the animation plays. If you mean that he canceled the recall at 0.1 before it actually finished, then what action did he take? He didn't cast any spells, and his mouse is over the minimap. He doesn't move for a second after the "recall".
The TP doesn't start until a second after the recall ends.
If your site has any APIs, public or otherwise, then you have user input.
Somalian piracy started out as local fisherman attacking foreigners illegally fishing in their waters, but then they realized how easy it was.
The people who pretend inters and trolls are a big problem are the people who are toxic as fuck. They think anyone that loses lane is an inter.
Oblivion orb is the kill potential item.
I wish they would change the oe 5 match to a modern "match 5+ orbs" like Madoo instead.
I have the opposite interpretation. Soulsborne killed ARPGs in the sense that once you've played a Soulsborne (and the playstyle resonates with you), then you never want to go back to normal ARPGs ever again. I thought NieR Automata was a good game, in spite of the combat being a button-mashy chore compared to Souls combat.
You should also mention that blob-style leads can also be used for swiping, e.g. B/x Ameno, Madoo. The advantage of these is that you can swipe any color board and you can easily activate off random boards to save actives on trash floors.
I think this is the crux of the issue. So you agree that LGBTTQQIAAP is too long and autocorrect it to LGBT in common usage. Why not just keep it that way? Apple Computers rebranded to just Apple, because they weren't just making computers anymore. They didn't rebrand to Apple Computers &amp; Phones &amp; Tablets &amp; Watches &amp; Headphones &amp;... You get my point. LGBT might not be fully inclusive, so LGBT+ should satisfy everyone. It's absurd to have 10+ letter abbreviations.
He wants Conqueror deleted lol. It's more likely the downvotes are from conqueror abusers.
The true damage conversion is currently 20%.
Don't you mean obscurity downvotes?
[🤔](https://www.ontario.ca/page/cannabis-legalization#section-3)
Dantalion, Typhon, Kanna, Paimon are my predictions. Dantalion and Paimon because of Gremory, and Typhon and Kanna are both old and totally obsolete.
They're terrible compared to vinyl erasers.
I love people freaking out about Neeko Q having 500 damage on a basic ability and not realizing Alistar E has 490 base damage.
Why does the late game peel/engage support also need to be a lane bully?
I'm not claiming AP Alistar is good (I don't think it is). I just ask that you refrain from spreading bullshit about Alistar's base damages. They are not by any means low. All of these clips of Alistar solokilling ADCs are only possible because an Alistar with max rank abilities has higher base damages than a Zyra while building tank. There are two types of scaling, which we may be conflating. There's scaling with AP, and scaling with levels. Alistar does not have great AP ratios (W is good, Q is bad, and E is very bad), but he scales very, very well with levels. I don't know why we're even talking about AP Alistar though. None of the Alistars solokilling ADCs in these videos built any AP. It's all just supports abusing the insane base damages and stuff like red buff, ignite, aftershock, Zeke's, etc to deal way too much damage while going full tank.
Halve the victim's damage each time they use a movement ability, lasts 10 seconds :)))))))))))))))))
Of course. Right now we have some clown fiesta meta with 3 assassins or bruisers per team running around one shotting each other. This is apparently what the players enjoy.
If magic pen is so broken, why don't you buy some MR and counter it? Are you aware that Hexdrinker also completely counters all the mpen currently available in the game? Magic pen doesn't counter flat MR. It's the opposite actually. Mpen is significantly stronger the lower the target's MR, until the point where you deal true damage. If you're trading mpen 1 for 1 with MR, that's a losing trade.
If a stock market loss affects your lifestyle, you invested too much and did so poorly. You don't have to be a billionaire for this to be true.
Then you better try just as hard finding a good lawyer.
🙂
[Achievement] my 3p allies made more than 4 combos
&gt; Sustain, all in, poke What if we included a second champion in the lane whose entire job was to do one of the above? 🤔
Abilities that can miss have longer range. Spells that can fail do more when they succeed. Some people enjoy playing something less reliable but more explosive. On the flip side, doesn't the game get boring if you strictly play something absolutely guaranteed like Garen or old WW?
Then people are going to start getting permastunned.
Because bot is 2 champions per side, one that's guaranteed to be a glass cannon and the other is either a mage or a melee hard engage (at least in this meta). The lane goes from "even -&gt; one side slightly ahead -&gt; one side much stronger -&gt; they can dive vs full HP" twice as fast as a solo lane. You only have to lose two fights in bot lane for the enemies to be 4/0 and start getting dived with their aftershock Leona/Alistar tanking, or getting deleted under tower by a Zyra/Brand/Vel standing barely out of tower range. On the other hand, a solo lane has to be basically inting for it to get to that point. On top of that, most supports being played right now only exist to start fights or poke. Basically the only time botlane isn't so volatile is when Janna/Lulu are meta, or when both junglers are hard sitting bot and both sides are too scared to do anything.
It can work, but why not just play a broken jungler like Camille instead?
Zyra outranges assuming you have minions up because she can QWE(R) at max range, whereas Brand can only retaliate with W. Zyra outscales in the sense that her E and R are great teamfight CC and she can fill more roles than just AOE burst (which is bad in some comps/matchups), making her much better late on average.
&gt; what now matters is how your support compliments your teammates or counter your enemies. This is actually what I mean when I said Zyra is better late. I play both supports a lot and I feel Zyra is much more versatile. I can try to one shot squishies, get an AoE wombo combo, or just peel and disengage with a massive zone of control. Brand basically only really excels at the AoE wombo combo plan (not saying he can't peel or get picks but it's much worse than Zyra).
&gt; no one knows why he needs so much gold or what he spends it on Gold cards aren't cheap, you know.
Hold on, there are people without passports? Serious question.
Do you live on a diet of granulated sugar and canola oil?
Quantum ElectroDynamics make head hurty
&gt; mindslaver scenarios Mindslaver your opponent into adding Spinal Parasite to their deck!
WEW
If a Zed gets stunned, he's dead. Irelia is just as good at facetanking as she is at dodging spells.
Irelia + Akali
Have you tried buying an early null magic mantle? You almost entirely negate the double mpen with 450 gold, and it has good build paths for every role.
Does this have a vim emulation mode?
The legendary 5% gravity is useful once more. Or maybe DMeta/Izanagi active will be enough?
I was expecting: Have you been using combos? By carefully planning your Orb movements, you can reap the benefits of combos!
Tbh the main use for Amen is the opposite of what you said. He's usually used for completely brainless farming (swiping Goemon boards or solving bicolors).
Was expecting screenshot of monster exchange window
&gt; Mages are allowed to cheaply itemize to do true damage &gt; 2600 gold for 33 mpen Null-magic mantle negates 25 mpen and costs 450 gold, and has a good build paths for every class in the game. You're actually just bad if you can't play around this.
She's mainly good as a sub, and is usually for farming.
You're still missing the point. Fizzbuzz is designed to evaluate whether or not you are able to write very basic working code without needing to copy-paste your way through it. I bet you failed the moment you refused to write it on the spot and instead offered a prewritten version. Fizzbuzz is not a "silly programmer trick". This isn't some contrived algo question that requires fiddling with 2 stacks and a tree. This is a fucking for loop with basic flow control. If you don't write a fizzbuzz in 5 minutes when asked, you are either utterly incompetent or a cheeky contrarian just being difficult. Either way, strong no hire.
I'm guessing "spark-like" means they want a parallelized/distributed "groupBy" based solution. If the OP had done it purely iteratively, that would be a significantly different (and easier) problem.
&gt; MP no longer can be efficiently (if you can even call it that) farmed since the rogue coin dungeons are gone MP farming is technically even "better" now than the roguelike days, because almost every single seasonal REM has a dungeon with silver egg invades. The odds are roughly 1/4 or 1/5 per run, which comes out to 600 - 700 MP per run (roguelikes are 500). But the real reason MP farming is dead is because everything costs so much more MP now, and there's hardly anything worth buying.
Comprehensive list of MP monsters that aren't useless: 2 Kuroyuri Amen 5 Christmas Ronia/Tao Jun (if you're into ranking) Odin Dragon Ragnorak Dragon (debatable now)
Wait Ashley Madison is based in Toronto?
time to dust off the A3 farm team
B: BABA IS HOT - Baba charges up energy, increasing in temperature. Release a wave of flame when discharged. Up B: BABA IS NOT FALL - Ignore gravity for a duration. You can simply walk straight up and down. (Recovery move) Side B: BABA MAKE TEXT - create a random text block, which can be thrown as a projectile or dropped. After a distance, if the text is midair, it will remain there and be unaffected by gravity. Unlike most items, it acts as terrain and can be used for cover or as a platform. (If you manage to actually form a legal rule, there is a minor or cosmetic effect). Down B: BABA IS KEKE IS ME IS BABA - transformation move that cycles among Baba, Keke, and Me. They have similar specials, but have different normal stats and movesets. Final Smash: ALL IS YOU - Baba, Keke, and Me all appear and you control all 3 simultaneously for 30 seconds. You move 50% faster for the duration.
&gt; What other crazy multipliers are people regularly using? These VDP + SFUA + 7c boards are quite impractical (basically limited to Zela active). The highest multiplier that you can achieve almost every single turn consistently is making 7 combos with an L for the mega Sonias = 2.25*8=18x.
It depends on the enemy team usually. If they have Azir, Malz, Zyra, Brand, Anivia, Rumble, etc then not buying Adaptive Helm is trolling.
Playing Annie
Plot twist: Braum had E up
Tao Ren is probably the best Kuroyuri holder for a Fatalis team, since he deals respectable damage and can be your team's FUA.
Is ZKitty in NA yet? Are we sure we'll even get whatever collab that's from?
Sekiro DLC
Internet in Mountain View actually kinda sucks
This is more of a freak accident than a guaranteed and deliberate attempt to harm someone else though.
Compression adds latency, so to get around it you just don't compress the video (or use a faster compression algorithm that isn't as powerful). There's no "extra data". The increase in data is simply the raw video data itself. Whenever you stream video (e.g. YouTube/Netflix) that video data is always compressed. Raw uncompressed video data is huge.
Yeah, the man should just give up on life if he gets rejected once.
Cinderhulk top was a true tank meta, also the most fun patch in League history
You're right about the plants always procing spell effects but you're wrong about the reason. Zyra plants weren't considered "pets" until relatively recently, and for a long time no other pets proced spell effects. Spell effects only proced on spells, and Zyra plants were considered long-lived spells explicitly so they could proc them.
Pets did not universally proc spell effects until recently. Zyra plants have always proced spell effects though, because they used to be classified as spells themselves (and not as pets). You shouldn't group Zyra/Heimer/Shaco together because historically their minions were coded and classified completely differently. [I found a video from season 2 where you can see plants procing Rylais.](https://youtu.be/uoON2bv1A0w?t=19)
This post also has nothing to do with the University of Waterloo, and is just provocation against a certain student demographic. It's not a serious memorial or awareness thread of the tragedy made in good faith (compare the title with [this thread](http://reddit.com/r/uwaterloo/comments/bwp6jo/30_years_ago_today/)). In my opinion, this is an ugly thread exploiting a tragedy to taunt an unpopular group of students. It's like if someone made a post on 9/11 titled "To all Muslim students, remember this?" linking to footage of 9/11. It's unnecessarily hostile.
People disappointed with MH not having more modern playables blaming it on too much draft chaff.
Wow, looks like I completely misunderstood what Lethal Tempo did. I thought it only allowed its own AS buff to exceed the cap. Thanks.
I have never seen anyone claim (in Canada) that Tiananmen didn't happen. There is no "genocide of uyghurs". Go to https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Uyghurs and Ctrl F "genocide"; the only result is some irrelevant event in the 1700s. There are internment camps for Uyghurs right now, but to call it genocide is hyperbole.
Go home and rest?
Not sure, if you need it to last through updates, you should just record a video clip instead (which you can do in the replay viewer). If you're just trying to show your friends a play, this will be easier for them as well.
Throw another rock!
Every mage mid bought either Athene's or Morello. I remember building RoA on my mages instead and getting flamed for it.
Deathcap &gt; Void Staff: ~~Maximum Damage - no Survivality - no Mana - no CDR~~ bronze elo "report mid" build Seriously, rushing deathcap first item has never been good in the history of the game. This used to be somewhat common in the garbage elos but it wasn't better back then, people were just worse at building.
Nothing will be better than season 5 AP items. 40% slow 100 AP Rylai's, 90s CD 100 AP Zhonya's, plus the old Athene's (actually infinite mana compared to what mages have now).
Male, based on his pre-ascension lore.
I'm under the impression that the bots are terrible and just run it down, losing every game where the enemy team has even one human player, until they reach the elo where it's just 6 bots every game. Is that not the case?
wtf this is disgusting
CertainlyT designed Darius.
this isn't even attractive; she legit has elephantiasis
Twitch's stealth is like Rengar ult; he'll use it to start an ambush or to escape. He won't spend half the fight invisible waiting for CDs. Qiyana Q looks a lot like Akali stealth or Kha'Zix ult in that she can repeatedly enter stealth during a fight. She doesn't have to tactically dip in and out of stealth like Akali; she can just create a new field every second because it doesn't look like she has any CDs.
Yeah, like [this woman](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Elephantiasis#/media/File:Elephanti.jpg). NSFW/NSFL (elephantiasis patient)
They trolled by making a Roman-looking name be pronounced differently from how Latin is supposed to be pronounced though. (Roman Latin always uses hard c, church Latin pronounces it as ch instead; either way it wouldn't be ar se us).
Not quite that good, but [I had decent luck here.](https://imgur.com/14aqv9c.jpg)
I have 4 Zelas, DRaizer, Anna, Yoh... is this a no-brainer trade? The only thing holding me back is the fact that I also have a perfect Fatalis Kuro loop team that I use for endgame, and I don't know how much of an upgrade ZKitty is.
It doesn't matter if it's 1 minute before they inted to reveal it. The fact is that the leak deprives them of a marketing opportunity.
https://imgur.com/GoXLau6.jpg
This strat is most commonly done with Rushana. She's tanky and deals infinite damage, but really needs a 7x6 board to be consistent. Rushana + swap (usually Shazel) used to be one of the strongest and most tryhard teams in the game, but has fallen out of favor now (mainly because every lead has 4x HP now and Rushana is really orb hungry and requires a lot of stalling).
Just reporting in that I did the trade and assembled your optimal A5 team. It works like a charm! Great team, and fun to play unlike Fatalis.
Yes. Same goes for can't match &lt;n orbs, fixed move time, etc. The only thing that doesn't change when you swap is board size and exp/coin/drop rate.
More like, we thank them for their service and mastery of the desire sensor.
https://gatherer.wizards.com/Pages/Card/Details.aspx?name=shahrazad
Zela Kitty is really strong, especially if you have multiple Zelas. Everything else is completely useless. You have a 1.5% chance to roll Zela Kitty.
I can't agree. Below are the actual damage numbers for two sample boards. The first test is a random 7 combo board with 1 green combo. The second is a 9-9-3-3-3-3 optimal Zela board with VDP and SFUA. All units are +297 level 110 with VDP SA. The ZKitty and Zela on the left don't have any inherit, and the ZKitty and Zela on the right have Yoh inherited. https://imgur.com/86uQwjV.jpg https://imgur.com/pGFWw6n.jpg Unsurprisingly, Zela deals much more damage than ZKitty on the random 7c board. But there isn't much benefit in having Yoh inherited on Zela because these boards are unlikely to contain SFUA anyway. On the Zela kill board, notice how ZKitty actually deals more damage than Zela. Thus having Yoh on ZKitty is more damage (and better for your friends). In addition, as Zela has the better active, it's better to have Trojan Horse (presumably the replacement) on her as its CD is 4 turns longer.
A scenario where this might matter is if you get a 12G-18H board with ZKitty active, which is only 6 combos if you need a VDP. You still deal [~175m damage](https://imgur.com/WtG4vHC.jpg) if you have both ZKitties equipped with Yoh. Moving a Yoh onto Zela loses you 30m damage per. After killers are factored, this could be the difference between a kill or not. The benefit of Yoh on Zela is you deal 6% more damage from comboing normal boards. While this seems minor, it's enough to just barely allow Zela to break the A5 latents' defense with 8c (1 green combo).
I have her but can't stand playing her. The &lt;HP conditional leader skill is the least fun mechanic in the game imo. I'd rather be playing rainbow L's or some shit than that.
They also like the old Rylai's more than this shit.
You lose 40 AP that you're never getting back. Madness doesn't even stack properly for plants (their AP is determined at the moment of creation and doesn't update).
Liandry's is also getting reworked. There's no more +10% over 5 seconds, it's now also scaling AP (50 over 10 seconds).
It's not so much that Kaede is insufficient for most annihilation dungeons, but more that Dios is insufficient. Compared to MGoe and MNoah, he's bindable and lacks a way to unlock the board. The green row discord has significantly fewer endgame guides than the red row discord.
&gt; something you have never done before in the game What's the point of a puzzle game where every level has the same solution?
Can you repost the winning submissions alongside the commentary? The spreadsheet is really messy.
Delay
Any job where you don't deal with customers/users, e.g. construction, engineering, research. Normally you'd suck up with your boss but not the public.
The one thing I'm confused about is how he has 48% WR in ~500 games with his Teemo. Obviously that isn't stellar but I'm surprised he can win any games at all with such a griefer strat. Is he just really good with Teemo?
Amen -- if you co-op farm, have bicolors, or just want to see crazy numbers.
Why does neither team have any support items? This is unbelievable. If you're support, you buy a support item. It doesn't matter if you intend to go full AP; frostfang easily pays for itself and much more. You probably could have ended this game with 2k more gold if you had frostfang.
I don't understand where the third headshot comes from. First is from net, second is trap, third is ???, fourth is the one charged from passive.
You don't need to get Flagstones. Just grab 4 fetchlands and crack them for 8 activations (9 total).
You can win off 6 lands if you get Urborg + 5 fetches.
3-1 &gt;!Isn't this still a spoiler because it uses Kaede's execution sprite?!&lt;
Ah, I meant for if the mods adapt this format to ban people. In case the blackened hasn't played V3 yet.
Maybe a pixel version of the Reddit snoo?
Yes, I don't disagree with you regarding KN95/N95 respirators. I'm just making it clear that "[surgical masks](https://images-na.ssl-images-amazon.com/images/I/41onG3Je3OL._SX355_.jpg)" are usually not N95, and don't stop you from inhaling anything. They're only useful for preventing the wearer from *spreading* disease via coughing/sneezing, and do nothing for the wearer's health. Many people in Asia wear them out of social responsibility or for privacy/fashion.
Can he make epic orchestral melodic soundtracks? If not then I don't care how experimental he is; he'll be out of place in any upcoming soulsborne game. He might be fine for Armored Core or something like that but certainly not for Elden Ring.
Here's your answer: https://lol.gamepedia.com/Special:RunQuery/TournamentStatistics?TS%5Bpreload%5D=TournamentByChampionRole&amp;TS%5Brole%5D=Support&amp;TS%5Bpatch%5D=9.11&amp;TS%5Bregion%5D=NA,EU,LCK,LPL&amp;TS%5Bspl%5D=Yes&amp;TS%5Btournamentlevel%5D=Primary&amp;pfRunQueryFormName=TournamentStatistics Aside from Lux who is an outlier right now, tank engage supports are favored in competitive.
This thread is bait but I'm also genuinely curious if anyone's played with or against the new broken aftershock Lux build.
Varus is 3-in-1.
tag (title) spoiler
3500 gold +80 attack damage +100% base health regeneration +12% life steal Life steal applies to 50% of CLEAVE and CRESCENT'S splash physical damage. UNIQUE – CLEAVE: Basic attacks deal (20% to 60% AD)physical damage to units around your target – (20% AD near the edge). UNIQUE – CRESCENT: Deals (60% to 100% AD) physical damage to units around you – (60% AD near the edge) (10 second cooldown)
Which of those 3 things is supposed to represent Dark Souls? Or did you just pick 3 random things that sounded hard? Your policies serve no purpose but to aggravate the player for no reason. It's unfortunate that you think this is representative of Dark Souls. It's actually the exact opposite of design philosophy of Dark Souls. Dark Souls challenges the player, and so expects the player will fail many times. Therefore, the penalty for failure is relatively light. Almost every boss fight has a bonfire or shortcut nearby so you *don't* have to do the entire level again, and the Estus flask fully refills after each death (unlike healing potions in most other games), allowing you to not feel bad about repeated attempts.
Zachtronics' programming games are like programming for a job but with all the stupid bullshit removed. No deprecated systems, undocumented legacy code, APIs that are just slightly incompatible so as to be maximally aggravating, or unclear requirements. TIS-100 and EXAPUNKS are like the distilles essence of programming that is actually fun.
It's ironic because flash taunting was the only thing pre-rework Galio could do at all.
Thought this was gonna be about the ranking dungeon.
Same with bruisers
Is there anyone more entertaining than Doublelift?
You can add "potential new users" for RoA without ruining 2 other decently popular items for almost every existing user of those items. They should just add new AP bruiser items without making Rylai's and Liandry's terrible on traditional mages. Obviously that's more work, so preseason would be a good time for that.
7\. you get 1 extra combo for every 10 times someone presses nice on your turn
Proof ZKitty &gt; Yoh
&gt; conqueror nerfed becauser of adcs wtf lmao I didn't know Riven was an ADC
hoLy sHit
Do you really want to work in a lightbulb factory? That's sweatshop work isn't it? These aren't the jobs we should be encouraging in America.
No, ages 6-18 should be spent getting an education and acquiring skills so you don't have to be a "low skill worker"?
7x6 isn't a strict upgrade when it comes to &lt;n orbs remain leader skills, but yeah she's bad.
Her 4 SBRs is the only use that card has. I used to use her a lot for ALB teams as an silver bullet for SBR. Raguel is 5 SBR but he has no skill boosts.
Most of the hidden loot in Dark Souls is ultimately unimportant stuff like souls of lost undead. You don't actually miss much if you don't find them, but if you do, it's a nice wink from the devs. I don't mind Sekiro putting the important items like prosthetic unlocks out in the open, but there's no reason to have sacks of gold strewn randomly everywhere. It just looks like the devs had no interest in rewarding exploration.
I prefer when characters actually use their talents. Most of the talents in DR1 are just irrelevant fluff. Miu might be a bit too useful, but it's still better than having characters that never use their Ultimate abilities.
Teleport is reserved for Brazil. [BR teleport](https://youtu.be/RdocvJwXkMk)
It does have protection from wrath. Unfortunately protection from wrath doesn't do anything.
Kyoko: of course, she fully deserves her title Makoto: not really. He might as well be Ultimate Generic Protagonist as he's basically Hajime-tier talentless until the very end. Having a generic protagonist isn't such a bad thing though. Toko, Aoi, Yasuhiro: as you mentioned Hifumi: this guy could be the Ultimate Hikikomori and there would be no difference. Granted his ability is pretty useless, but giving characters useless talents is also something DR1 has too much of. Celeste: she was the Ultimate Gothic Lolita right? Wait she was the Gambler? You wouldn't know that at all unless you spent free time with her. Even then, she talks about some of the pretty incredible things she can do, and then actually shows exhibits none of it. She doesn't even incorporate her talent into her murder plot. Sakura: she could be any kind of athletic talent instead, but other than that her character is pretty good Leon: doesn't get much screen time but he does put his talent to good use Sayaka: her talent is nothing but backstory for a motive. She never sings, dances, or anything popstar-like. You could replace replace all references to her idol group with her girl scout troop and nothing about her would change. Chihiro: good Mondo, Byakuya: alright Junko, Mukuro: Mukuro does a better job of acting as the Ultimate Fashionista than some characters with their actual talents DR1 is basically Kyoko solo carrying the show plus a bunch of useless side characters with joke talents that never do anything. DR2 and V3 are much better at letting everyone get involved.
Do you know what a quine is? The output of the page must exactly match the source code of the page. That's the entire point of the exercise. I assume the parts that you felt were unnecessary are required for the implementation of the page as a quine.
Black Cleaver Sejuani
You forgot the part where he loses the game anyway with 800 stacks because the support bought a Rylai's and Nasus can never go near anyone ever again.
It's faster. You can tap on what you want to fuse and immediately press OK. If you do the single fuse, you tap on what you want to fuse and then you have to wait for the "Select" option to appear, which takes half a second.
1-2
&gt; we Speak for yourself. &gt; president who calls whole ethnic groups rapists while being a gross fuck... Oh, Trump called entire ethnic groups rapists? Good thing you just called the entirety of humanity rapists. You're denouncing hatred and murder while simultaneously advocating for mass murder. Either you're so used to speaking in hyperbole that you forgot words have meanings or you need to calm the fuck down.
Watch out for the Wand of Cancellation.
Does this mean Sif Muna is canonically female? I thought the gods were ungendered.
Exploration is much less scummable than kills. Aside from a few fringe cases, fully exploring is what you should be doing anyway, whereas staying on a level to repeatedly farm kills is unnatural gameplay.
My M365 also had the exact same brake issue, but I was able to fix it by fiddling with the alignment. The issue isn't because the brakes are too "tight", but rather because the wheel and the brakes aren't aligned (parallel). So you can fix that without having to make the brakes looser, but it requires a steady hand and some patience.
If you pour pure granulated sugar into your mouth, you'd probably think "wait what the fuck am I doing this is disgusting". Some desserts invoke the same feeling.
You never eat rice alone. Most Asian dishes are super heavy on the soy sauce or spices, so they carry the bland rice. Compare that with something like spaghetti carbonara.
Of course I realize that. Pasta sauce is much more bland than soy sauce and hot peppers.
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Assassination_threats_against_Barack_Obama
&gt; Well, yeah, but you still don't eat the pasta alone, without anything. Of course I realize that. I wrote "carbonara" after "spaghetti" for a reason. Also I do like pasta, but the flavor is definitely much less intense when you're used to eating ridiculously spicy or salty Chinese food.
TL died for this
G2 had to face TL twice, so not really a fair comparison
send only TL next year and have them play every single game
75% winrate against EU is a hell of a lot better than what the rest of NA is doing; we might actually get an interesting tournament.
Do you go glacial augment then? Or electrocute/comet?
That's what I've been trying to say the entire time. A lot of Asian dishes are very extreme on the flavor. I'm not saying whether that's good or bad. But that's why pasta is bland in comparison.
Go spam Annie mid since she's easy and forces you to learn how to play the game.
&gt; Because it is legal to steal now? Yes, thanks to prop 47, it's basically consequence-free to steal, as long as you don't hurt anyone. https://www.sfchronicle.com/crime/article/Prop-47-is-linked-to-increase-in-auto-thefts-12989137.php https://www.sfchronicle.com/opinion/openforum/article/An-explosion-of-California-property-crimes-6922062.php IMO, prop 47 does not differentiate between victimless crimes (such as drug possession) and property crimes. It is ridiculous that crimes with real victims are treated as leniently as they are.
&gt; so here we are, wondering how one side could get is so wrong and still be expecting us to take them seriously. Literally everyone is wondering this but for different sides.
Yahtzee's explanation for Sekiro is (paraphrasing) "just couldn't get into it so I might be a racist".
Darkest Dungeon
Aatrox released, considered troll champion for years Aatrox rework announced People suddenly like playing Aatrox and he becomes meta Aatrox gets reworked, considered terrible (unplayably bad and nothing like pre-rework) Rework gets buffed Rework turns out broken and gets nerfed a million times
Absolutely ridiculous ATK in co-op when they're level 110 with their double multiboost. Put a nuke on them (e.g. Plutus card) and they make buttoning token dungeons a breeze.
Lot of people wasted their tokens on Non or Ciel, and Giga is the kind of monster that you want multiples of.
I liked the build diversity and theorycrafting in Odyssey more. Star Guardians was ADC Jinx, tank Poppy, etc whereas Odyssey had multiple builds for every champion, e.g. ADC Jinx/Liandry Jinx, Rageblade Malphite/Tank Malphite, On-hit Ziggs/Healer Ziggs, etc.
What are cops supposed to do when it's the DA's policy to not prosecute? Cops aren't the only ones who need to do their jobs.
It's unfortunate you can't read, but keep it to yourself next time.
At least he isn't oneshotting you.
NA had a massive headstart, considering League was developed in the US and the original server was NA-only. But PC gaming is inherently just scuffed in North America, because of how big and sparse the continent is (so ping is bad) and how culturally ingrained console gaming is (so playerbase is smaller than you'd expect). Other regions overtaking NA was inevitable.
Pixel Dungeon is the original. Shattered Pixel Dungeon is the most popular variant and what most people are playing now. Check out /r/pixeldungeon for more.
"Vel'koz walked up way too close, but I wouldn't call that mel- ...oh."
&gt; dB schema for champion abilities Reddit software engineering lol
Cunning Asshole Tetrapod
Don't go melee as Vel?
[This guy](https://s.hdnux.com/photos/01/00/11/22/16815278/8/920x920.jpg)
Solo Queue was either 1 or 2 stacks only. Team ranked was 5 stacks only. Dynamic Queue merged the two, allowing people to play ranked with any number in a stack.
2019: 4 votes for Baba is You 1 vote to Outer Wilds 2010s: 1 vote for Return of the Obra Dinn 1 vote for EXAPUNKS 3 votes for Baba is You 5 votes for The Witness
The instant VDP is pretty good for rankings.
Sure, and if that's the case the game's SP will probably suck and will deserve a poor score when rated by a mostly SP reviewer. Why is that a problem? This list isn't supposed to be unbiased.
In normals
ADC Falco. Imagine having to short hop cancel all your autoattacks.
Can that team handle AA3?
But have you actually beaten AA3 with Black RX?
Galio is a giant mana battery, but he also needs to use that mana to stay alive. I doubt there's any fuel left in the tank. Also it's doubtful that Sylas's petricite gauntlets would be able to draw any mana out of a giant chunk of petricite.
It is already known Garen does fight with magic. The question is whether it's Garen that's magical, or his sword, and whether Garen himself is aware that it's magic.
She's wearing a cloak with the hood up, and she didn't bring her staff either. Safe to say she's in disguise.
Jax and his army + Kassadin/Kai'sa vs all the void monsters, led by Malzahar.
What? Source on Kai'sa killing khazix?
Galio consumes magic to stay alive. Considering he can only wake up when magic has been used near him and he spends the rest of the time dormant, it's safe to say that he doesn't have centuries worth of magic still stored in him.
&gt; Skittering creatures swarmed in the depths. **The first that came for Kaisa was no bigger than her**, and she clutched her knife in both hands, ready to defend herself. The voidling horror knocked her to the ground, but she drove the blade into its pulsing heart, and the two of them tumbled deeper into the abyss. Safe to say that the voidling she killed was not an 8 foot tall Kha'zix.
&gt; If the community makes a bad suggestion, and Riot approves it, it is Riots fault, not the community. which is literally why they're ignoring Harambe
really makes you wonder about her in-game kit though
Comparing just ult damage looks worse for the wombo champions as their ults are meant to set up their combos. Ezreal ult deals 620 - 680 by your rules depending on whether he went AD or AP, and obviously it has global range. MF ult deals 2100 damage at 1400 range, but with the caveat that you need to channel 3 seconds (you can't compare an instant ult with a channeled ult, but you have Nunu and Swain on the list so you might as well put MF in). It still looks bad for Aphelios, but a little bit less so.
Just FYI, this damage is not amazing in AA3 and won't oneshot any of the 3 boss floors.
You should've just bought it and given it back to your neighbor with an explanation. If I were that neighbor I would gladly pay $50 to get my laptop back.
Momotaros can be used as an anti-resolve swipe leader, like a better version of pixel Echidna. But Raoh and XSaline also exist which do this even better. Momotaros has a 300x fire nuke, which I believe is unprecedented (stronger nukes exist, but not in fire). This matters because it makes it possible to button wood enemies with 5-6m HP with the right setup. Two columns is easy to swipe and can kill two floors.
Pushing "strong political messages" by lying about history is not how you want to expose an issue.
Speak for yourself; I find these fun.
As if Qiyana or Yuumi are any less aids than CertainlyT champions.
&gt; Challenge Lv 7: Fixed team of full Tamas, Orb Move time fixed at 1 second, one jammer and one spinner is randomly placed anywhere on the board, fail to get rid of the jammer then my “drink got stale” this one is pure skill
Oh right
kinda wish I traded for omega
You're calling out CT specifically and saying nothing of the recent trend where almost every single new champion is cancer. It's a deeper problem than one designer (who doesn't even make champions anymore). Complaining about CT in 2020 is beating a dead horse while ignoring the real problem.
The main factor that matters in this dungeon is style points. You get points for activating certain awakenings, in particular L's. In fact, it's best to avoid killing the enemy as long as possible so you can fit in more turns of spamming L's. Keela is the best leader because of how well she synergizes with this strategy.
Can't you just bring a team of 6 latents and make 1 light combo?
Counterpoint: you can't get Gaslowes without doing AA3. Fama is TA2 exclusive. Putting rare valuable farmables (not latents or piis) into endgame dungeons seems like a good balance.
Is that an aUtOSolVeR
It doesn't matter if a card deals infinite damage if it doesn't have VDP.
&gt; The board change uses one of several pre-set boards This might be the most useful aspect of this guy. So far I've only observed 3 different boards: https://candyninja001.github.io/Puzzled/?patt=BGBLRRRRBGLLLLRGBGLRBLBRBGBRGR - help https://candyninja001.github.io/Puzzled/?patt=RLLBGBBRRLRGRGRBGBGBLGBLRRBGLG - [solve](https://candyninja001.github.io/Puzzled/?patt=LGGRBLBRBBLLGRRBLBGLGRRBLLGRBR&amp;replay=29.28.27.26.25.19.18.12.13.7.8.9.10.16) https://candyninja001.github.io/Puzzled/?patt=RLLBGBBRRLRGRGRBGBGBLGBLRRBGLG - [solve](https://candyninja001.github.io/Puzzled/?patt=RLLBGBBRRLRGRGRBGBGBLGBLRRBGLG&amp;replay=4.3.9.10.16.22.28.27.21.20.19.18.24.25.26.20.14.8.7) The first is a 9c board, the other two are 8c. There's probably too much variance for this to be of any use, but being able to generate fixed boards might have some niche use in the future (maybe if someone memorizes perfect solves for all 3, they could immediately 8c in 2 seconds for ranking dungeons). [Just for fun, the second one also has a fast Amen solve.](https://candyninja001.github.io/Puzzled/?patt=LGGRBLBRBBLLGRRBLBGLGRRBLLGRBR&amp;replay=22.28.27.26.25.19.18.12.13.7.8.9.15.16.10.4.5.11.17.23.22.16.15) Edited to add some possible solves
You put reminder text on the commons that have one line of text like "When ~ enters the battlefield, mill yourself 3". That way you can cut down on text on the mythics with 4 different abilities.
The biggest damage is from blue TPA and dark combos. Don't bother with VDP unless it's super free or you are so badly behind schedule you need a miracle. If you ever fail to activate or don't make 10c (6c before LS) then reset. You need to average around 2 blue TPA + 1 dark combo or 2 dark + 1 blue TPA each turn to finish on time. Make red L whenever it's convenient, but it isn't as significant as the above.
Because NY Tengu would break the game if he got bumped up to 5* (and thus become inheritable).
Prestige by itself is not a theme, it's a modifer to another full-fledged skin. E.g. Prestige Star Guardian Neeko.
Or literally just step left and win with Baba.
It deals more damage than many champions' ults, including her own ult. 120 − 520 (+ 50% AP) is no joke.
The irritating part is that you can't be full HP, or else the 99/2% gravity doesn't put you under 50%.
Calling people dogs is a common insult in most Asian countries.
I'm imagining ground targeted and with much larger area. Like Zyra ult, but it's actually Singed adhesive.
auto + Q gives mist too right? that would be better evidence than Q + auto (since the second proc has to be an auto for mist, the first can be any spell/auto).
Practiced it for 2 hours. Managed a 1% score in 2 bars of stamina.
but why though Until they actually fix the issues with 3p, this will change very little.
Note: I use 2p to refer to standard co-op, not 3p played with 2 players. 1. There's no reason to run 3p since 1p is easier/faster, 2p is stamina efficient and OP in general. 2. Because of how no one plays 3p, it's impossible to actually find a match to play random 3p unless it's a new dungeon or a heavily farmed collab dungeon. On NA at least, 3p matchmaking is completely dead. You have a 0% chance of finding a match for the daily descend on a lower-than-annihilation difficulty (thus making full clear for the stone impossible), and even the annihilation difficulty is rarely played. Very few people queue for the older dungeons like cosmic trinity, gleaming sky, or dragon rush anymore. This "renewal" just makes things even worse by adding in a bunch of useless dungeons that split up the matchmaking even more. You basically need to pre-arrange a run via Discord or play with your alt, in which case it's better to just play 2p co-op the majority of the time (if the dungeon exists for 2p). The changes I would make: - (most important) Permanent half stamina, or at least 2/3 stamina. - remove the lobby timer entirely and allow players to leave the queue at any time (or at least increase the timer from 15s) - 3p allows use of SA to remove the incentive to DC just for VDP, also to bring it up to the power level of solo - new 3p dungeons with exclusive rewards to give people a real reason to play 3p. The days when everyone wanted to farm cosmic trinity for Azathoth was the golden age of 3p. Any dungeon that can be farmed in 2p will be farmed in 2p (or 2p DC). Thus the dungeon must be exclusive to 3p. - restrict the selection of 3p dungeons that you can random queue for, so as to facilitate matchmaking. Dungeons could cycle through a rotation or the unpopular ones could always be by invite-only. - the lobby owner can choose to start the game when a second person joins instead of waiting for a third - (controversial) the lobby owner can choose to start the game alone, if no one joins after 30 seconds. I realize this defeats the point of multiplayer but it gets people actually queuing for the mode. If 3p ends up being a "mostly solo but I don't mind if someone wants to tag along" mode, I think it would still be better than how it is now. - (controversial) after players are found for a lobby, instead of the game automatically beginning, players can leave after seeing all 3 teams. Rationale is that you can dodge trolls who bring Jin or Sevenzard teams, but arguably this hurts newbies with weaker teams (but also arguably really new players shouldn't be playing 3p). - more communication options in dungeon other than Nice! - "Play Again" button after a clear to immediately enter the same lobby with the same players. If any of those players don't also choose "Play Again", the empty spots go to matchmaking. I'm sure there are people who enjoy playing 3p just for the sake of playing with strangers and helping people, but those people alone are not sufficient to sustain a matchmaking queue.
Su-pen mini. It might be difficult to acquire one, since it needs to be shipped from Japan, but it's hands down the best stylus for pad. The tips don't last forever though. You can probably get half a year of use out of a fresh tip, but then it'll stop being as smooth and you'll need a replacement tip.
Beach Veroah. 10 combo shield + VDP and FUA required? No problem.
Just play a 1v9 champ and enjoy going 30 kills every game. Have fun and make the best of it.
Depends what you're playing. A fed Irelia played by a diamond vs 5 bronze can definitely 1v5.
Combo shields aren't a detriment to 6x5 teams when +combo is part of almost every LS nowadays. My prediction is that the orbs remaining mechanic will be used to punish/curtail 7x6 in the next year. There will be a resurgence of super pushed orb remain leads (imagine Kurama but with a shield and an additional +2 combos when matching x). They may add orbs remaining as a dungeon mechanic, like they did with no skyfall, 7x6 change, fixed HP, etc. The enemy would have an orbs remaining absorption, which means they can't be damaged unless fewer than x orbs remain. What is easy for a 6x5 team is considerably harder for a 7x6 team. Other mechanics also suck for 7x6, like Sandalphon creating 30 spinners (trivial on 6x5, impossible on 7x6).
Imagine unironically thinking small business owners don't contribute to our society. Do you not realize the difference between a millionaire and a billionaire?
You underestimate the ability of Vim/Emacs by comparing them to an axe or a horseback rider. IDEs have some incredibly useful recipes built-in like intelligent refactoring and boilerplate generation. But when you need to do something complex that the IDE didn't provide a recipe for, the IDE is no better than a mere notepad. Vim/Emacs are far more flexible and can be used to achieve basically anything with enough finesse. For example, they are great for processing raw data and transforming it into the format you need. You can even do arithmetic (e.g. convert a list of revenues and costs to a list of profits). The fast keyboard navigation also shaves off time vs. using the mouse or arrow keys. Of course, the most powerful combination is to simply learn both Vim and an IDE, and use a Vim emulation plugin in the IDE for general coding, and whip out actual Vim when you need to make a very specific change requiring the advanced editing capabilities.
That's just because "outdoor dogs" aren't a thing.
Lucas Pope's dev log for this game is really well done and worth a read for anyone who loves the game or is just interested in seeing what goes into making a game like this. In particular, he goes into detail about how the unique visual style (which had to be redone several times!) was implemented. [Link](https://forums.tigsource.com/index.php?topic=40832.0) [Link with only Lucas's posts (it's reverse chronological, so you have to start at the bottom and read through the posts backwards)](https://forums.tigsource.com/index.php?action=profile;u=3073;sa=showPosts;start=160)
100% took me around 10 hours while playing along with a friend.
I mean "outdoor" as in "outdoor cats" which just freely roam around outdoors and come home only to sleep. If these hunting dogs are caged outside, that's not really the same thing.
Don't capitalize your variables and put enums in all caps.
If Dragons were a static class it would be inappropriate to index into it directly.
Senna, Wukong
Senna builds lethality simply because she doesn't scale well with any of the other ADC stats (crit, AS), but she isn't a oneshot assassin. She's still mostly a sustained damage champion, and she can make really good use of BC because she gets two stacks per auto or Q (her 20% AD bonus damage on-hit is implemented as a separate instance of physical damage). Phage passive also synergizes well and helps her kite. BC has a good winrate on her as a 3-4th item.
Can you clarify what you mean by "two stacks of headshot" though? because I'm pretty sure headshots didn't stack before. As in you if you net a trapped target without autoing, you only have one headshot.
What is this
moderator of /r/vaynemains, nice
This is what it looks like now if you try to combo: https://streamable.com/5ubkq Notice that the trap and net headshots stack now, but also how you barely have any time to use both before they expire.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZH-FjvWKa6Q Guess this is why
&gt; I suspect the quick E -&gt; double headshot on a W proc will still work. See for yourself: https://streamable.com/5ubkq
Sorry but this law doesn't automatically make landlords want to rent to criminals. This will just replace background checks with racial profiling.
That Xayah really griefed
Make hitting W and E automatically reset her autoattack, without needing to use the attack move method. Code it as a normal auto reset so it doesn't result in machine gun and can't be used during CC/stasis/E animation. I feel like that's a good middle ground.
Give BVeroah no skyfall please
Delete last sentence then
It was a lot more entertaining than when I did it on JP (I skipped all the dialogue and had no idea what was going on).
No! The W CC reveal is what I wanted most in terms of making Akali feel less bullshit to play against. The Q nerf probably hurts even more but doesn't reduce frustration as much.
There are walls, bush, or river near 90% of the map. It's really hard to stand anywhere that isn't within 875 range of a wall, bush, or river.
UUIDs appearing in chat instead of usernames is not the result of tech debt. It's just a blatant lack of testing or a yolo "fuck it release anyway" mentality. Tech debt is real and it certainly slows down attempts to add features or fix issues, but the UUID bug is surely just a single function call missing in the output. This can't happen with proper release protocols.
You can still mess with the aggro of the first wave to deny the enemies 1 melee minion if they leash. This was working a couple patches ago.
Bakura is very broken
Looks like Gudetama / pixel lightning / ? / AAcala/ AAcala / any light row
&gt; Perfect Faska sub, especially for Super-1 (slap DM equip and you've got a 7 SB card as well!) Who is?
What if every dungeon were a ranking dungeon?
BVeroah/BCotton/Chidori/Naga/Mut I have a second BVeroah, but don't use her. This is the team I settled on for farming AA3. [More info](https://www.reddit.com/r/PuzzleAndDragons/comments/envjsz/aa3_team_inspiration/fe6s8at/)
You just need a crazy damage stick, which can be Chidori or Highren. I don't have Highren or I'd experiment with him in that position. Their damage is comparable (but note that Highren can't take devil killers which you need to oneshot Yog). Chidori also has the benefit of free poison resist, but Highren has crazy RCV and that'd be enough reason to at least try him. I've found that the more RCV on the team, the better.
This is generally true for anyone lower than plat but less so for super high elo, especially pro players. Matchmaking will put high challengers against grandmaster or even masters if there aren't enough people playing. Pros also have an additional understanding of the game that isn't reflected in their solo queue rank (either because they don't play enough solo queue for it to show, or because knowing the optimal 5v5 play doesn't actually help one climb).
These players aren't silver.
Usually yes, but keep in mind that Revo resets the monster's level and it costs 10 million XP to level them back to 99. Also Revo can't be undone and the unit may lose or change their subatt compared to the awoken form. But it's usually worth it because they have better stats and awakenings.
I think this build doesn't work anymore after the combo orb buff.
This is necessary. If people believe they deserve higher rank, they continue to play. If everyone thought they got placed higher than they deserve and they would derank by playing, the game would die.
they want her to be playable as either sup or ADC but will prioritize support if it's impossible to balance both
I guess property is trivial when it's not yours.
No shame in that
The math for fasting Senna getting more gold than farming Senna has always been kinda sketchy because it assumes Senna values crit chance as much as normal champions when her crits only deal 30% more damage instead of 100%. No one in their right mind would ever buy a crit cloak on Senna. So why should 20% crit on her be valued at 800 gold? IIRC if you factor this in, fasting Senna gets most of the gold value of farming Senna, but not more.
Brand and Zyra are complete dogshit champs in any role because they gutted their itemization when mpen moved off Liandry's (along many other reasons like mobility creep, but this is the biggest imo). &gt; And likewise characters designed for other lanes usually arent allowed to be supports because if they're effective enough to function without gold income, they're too strong with gold income. The difference is that for most champions, gold income is a strict benefit. Senna loses something in exchange for farming to the point where sometimes Senna players will refuse to last hit a wave even when she's clearing it alone. The stacking passive seems to be Riot's solution to this problem.
&gt; Does adc not scale on gold to become a monster? Go read Senna's passive again. She does not scale like a normal ADC. Normal ADCs scale off three multiplicative stats: AD, AS, crit, which allows them to outscale most champions that only scale with one or two multiplicative stats. Senna's crit and AS ratios are so awful that she basically doesn't scale with them at all, leaving her with just AD/lethality. That makes her far easier to balance as a support ADC.
The only explanation is that we must be getting Victorious Syndra
Irelia *can* Q onto them because of the time you lose from the firing animation. Even if you cancel it perfectly it still takes between 0.15 and 0.3s for the aa windup, which means Irelia moves 60-120 units. That means that until ADCs build a lot of AS, only the 600+ range ADCs can auto Irelia without getting Q'd. And if the ADC actually wants to fight Irelia, even Caitlyn will be in range if she autos twice with perfect kiting.
I don't think anyone thought he was in danger of getting soloed by Thresh. They moved up to prevent follow-up.
Just switch to vi keys, it's a superior control scheme anyway.
Maybe crime at an all-time low indicates the police are doing a great job?
Technically not even false since he didn't specify a time. Everyone will be dead, eventually.
Idk, I think people are missing the point of protesting. It's not a magic ritual you perform by getting together holding signs and if you can last x hours without being dispersed by police you automatically cause the government to listen to you. The only thing that can affect any real change is a change in public opinion. So when you protest something, you're really putting on a performance for the general public, not for the government or the police. If you cause a disturbance you definitely do get attention, but at the cost of goodwill. Considering this case is already in the national spotlight, it's the wrong trade-off.
It may be the case that they're overfunded. I have no data, nor do I understand anything about how how to run a city budget. I just think it's unfair to criticize them based on a metric that they're also trying to reduce. It fucks up the incentive structure if you do that. Do you want the police hoping crimes get committed so they can justify their budget rather than trying to reduce crimes?
No comment mentions the support because that isn't what this thread is about? We're only discussing ranges here.
Check out the Yanny/Laurel effect: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7X_WvGAhMlQ Those two words sound nothing alike, but it's possible for a sound clip to sound like both simultaneously. Basically the sound clip is somewhere in between the two and the brain autocorrects it to one of the two. It is extremely plausible that the same thing occurred here.
After hearing the bodycam version, I can hear "ga...ed". The "s"s are missing but that's due to the sibilant sounds being muffled outside the vehicle.
If your team has 139k HP without awakenings, you can tank through the awoken bind. You only need to survive 3 turns because Diaochan will shave off 2 turns, and she has fixed moves for 2 of those turns (1 and 3).
That's a war crime.
Ah, I think you need to make the sheet public in sharing options.
Kinda sucks she already spent all her skill points on being a big baddie
imo ap support lee is the tryhard build
Are all judges, lawyers, and legislators also bastards? The police only enforce the laws.
All Protestors are Looters How about that? That isn't an immutable characteristics, so am I allowed to say that generalization?
Just about everyone interpreted that to mean there's more information about them available than was officially intended, which is not the case.
Most of the deaths caused by Mao are due to incompetence, not direct murder. That puts him a tier down in terms of evil.
He tried to shortcut an industrial revolution and completely destroyed his country's agriculture. Add a bunch of bureaucratic nonsense and terrible policies, and the result is that people were starving while upper leadership still thought they were producing in excess (local government was scared to report any failures to central government), so they were literally exporting rice during the famine.
Considering Syndra already has a water skin (and better looking too imo), there's only one reason for a pool party skin to exist, and a one-piece swimsuit isn't it.
No, champion stats per level were changed in preseason 5 to not increase linearly. The amount of stats gained at 1-&gt;2 is less than the stats gained at 17-&gt;18.
Faker
That sounds pretty awful actually. If the Union is dissolved, it won't be long until military conflict between states (California and Texas?).
Only gave her some flat AS (basically start the game with a dagger), didn't change her AS ratio being so shit (meaning all AS items are less effective).
Caitlyn was released in season 1 with standard attack speed. She was reworked in 5.22 to her modern kit (W and E giving headshots), and her AS was lowered to 0.568 from 0.625. She was OP in season 7, and in 7.11 she got her AS further reduced to 0.543 and a few patches later her AS per level was reduced from 4% to 2%. But in 7.19, her AS per level was reverted to 4% and her AS was also reverted to 0.568.
You can't rename Magic cards in general (barring strange cases like a brand new card being renamed since it was originally going to be called Death Corona right before COVID-19 happened).
I had no idea a VDP was worth 2000 +s. Are you interested? I don't mind trading the latent up front and trusting you to deliver.
V?
Guaranteed 10 combo board with a super easy solve that only has one color of pings is potentially useful for ranking dungeons. But the jammer skyfall buff makes this worse than Tuktoise (though it is inheritable).
We finally have a spinner clear active!
I think they had to remove Crusade because they removed Jihad. If they didn't removed Crusade as well people would be crying about double standards.
Good advice against e.g. Lux, but Syndra Q is up every 2 seconds. There's a reason she's playable as a bot lane carry; her sustained damage isn't as bad as other burst mages. If you can't oneshot her in less than 2 seconds, you should probably leave.
Or just bring 2 SFUA awakenings
might happen tier: nier, danganronpa, vocaloid, nintendo will never happen tier: league of legends, dark souls
There are much more optimized ways to cycle refresh now, like 5 maeda keijis and shazel or diara. But this is a 4fun strat anyway.
It's a fine game (worst of the series, still very good game), but a much worse starting point than DS1. The early game is a lot more punishing than in DS1 since I think they assume the player is playing it after hearing DS1.
&gt; Your 5 kills isnt making you any tankier than being 0-0. That's exactly my point. Current itemization can feel unfair since it doesn't help in situations like this at all. Zed is inherently favored to win against ADCs, but shouldn't just automatically win even if the gold difference is so large. It doesn't matter how hard the Zed inted since eventually his damage reaches the threshold to oneshot Cait, and she can't really do much to get tankier (within the accepted itemization for her role). Right now being alone on the map in this situation would be considered a misplay, but that's because a 5/0 ADC can't 1v1 a 0/5 assassin. Maybe that's where the problem is?
There's no gambler's fallacy here. Saying you need 66 rolls, *on average*, is entirely accurate.
Yes, all of that is accurate. However, it is still possible to talk about expected averages, such as expecting to need 2 flips to get a heads on average, or expecting 6 rolls to get a 6 on a 1d6. You can't reason about the averages by saying you've already rolled 65 times and thus your 66th roll will be the magic roll (gambler's fallacy), but merely computing the average is not a fallacy.
I think it is actually is intentional, at least in AA4. Perhaps the interaction was initially unintended or a bug, but its inclusion in AA4 seems to be fitting as the theme of the dungeon seems to be to have as many mechanics as possible that hose specific teams, e.g. Nohime for 7x6, Acala for Bakuras, Paimon for transform teams that didn't transform F1, Ars Nova for high HP low RCV teams, etc. Adding Myne to mess with LS shields seems to fit that pattern.
&gt; I say this as an engineer, myself. Are there any non-engineers here on /r/programming?
The real answer is that you can't really farm magic stones. Sure, you can clear dungeons (make sure you always run the daily gift dungeon), but the supply is limited and you burn through them 10 at a time. The only way to amass stones is $$$ or you just need better discipline to not waste stones chasing pointless shinies. If you are a new player, just ignore Norza because there's no way you can build a functional team for her. Aljae teambuilding isn't easy either, nor is she easy to play.
If you have an Aten his mega evolution is very good.
Wearing a mask is not just about personal protection. It's a common courtesy to keep others safe. In Asia it's customary for everyone to wear masks in public during flu season every year regardless of whether they're sick. Probably one of many reasons why covid has been under control in Korea and Japan despite a lack of lockdown.
&gt; More than half of the killings have been in three police districts: Bayview, Mission and Ingleside, Scott said. **And many have the victims have been black and brown people of color.** Why is this in an article about an Asian being murdered by two black perpetrators (which I learned from the comments, since the article also doesn't bother to mention it)?
&gt; Buddy, if you can't sell or acquire Dentine that sort of implies you can't chew it. Laws are not "implied". If it is not illegal to chew gum, it is not illegal to chew gum. Nothing implies it is illegal to chew gum except a law that says it is impossible to chew gum. Call it a factual inaccuracy or "fake news", the statement "In Singapore, it's illegal to chew gum." is a falsehood. Am I being extremely pedantic? Yes, because this is a thread about laws, rules, and regulations, which should be specified as precisely as possible with no room for interpretation.
people kept picking windspeaker zyra (100% useless keystone on her) at worlds 2016 because I guess they were too used to taking that page on every other support
&gt; This has made gum-chewing indirectly illegal. There's no punishment on the books for chewing gum because there's no fucking gum, but it's still illegal to chew gum, because it's illegal to get gum. This is just your (incorrect) interpretation. You may not see the distinction but the distinction does exist and is important. It's similar to how in some places smoking weed is not illegal but the sale of weed is, or how offering prostitution is not illegal but soliciting prostitution is. The exact act that is prohibited is actually quite important for how these policies get enforced (for example if offering prostitution is legal, then sex workers aren't afraid to go to the police when necessary).
It's worth it for Celeste alone if you haven't played that yet. Other recommendations would depend on what genres you're into. Typical of indie games, there are a lot of good roguelikes/lites, visual novels, puzzle games, platformers, as well as some weird experimental stuff.
Make sure you use Indra before killing Myne. You will die to the next floor's preempt because Myne disables LS shields on-death.
It's floor 14 -&gt; 15. The RCV looks a little bit low to be comfortable. The average hit in this dungeon is 70k, which is 18k after your shield. With 5k RCV, you need 10 combos to heal that much. Under normal circumstances that would be fine, but AA4 has a ridiculous number of RCV debuffs. Your only RCV buff has a really long CD and is also your only shield. HBastet would be ideal, but Kaguya equip (#5827) on Diaochan would also address that problem. Damage also looks kinda low. You won't be able to one shot most of the later floors (you'll be dealing ~200m to non-Gods when those floors have 400-800m). Personally I really like Aten as a carry unit, and he can make good use of a VDP latent or any type of killer. But he might be hard to fit into your team because he has no SB.
I've been enjoying Silicon Zeroes. If you are a fan of Zachtronics games, then you already know you like this game. I have Parallax on my shortlist, but I haven't played it yet.
Here's the team I use: https://i.imgur.com/nfB6TJT.jpg. It's a completely different leader pairing but the structure of the team is the same. Unmatchable clear is only useful twice in the dungeon, one at the beginning and one at the end, so I have that as an inherit. Likewise, Fujin is needed once at the beginning and once at the end, so I have two inherits (use Aten for the first one, then use Aten base active and let Indra charge Fujin). I use Ama haste as SB but also to awaken bind clear Freyja and Kurone (but I think both of those are technically optional). She's mainly there for the insane RCV. Dyer active is basically useless and I often don't use him or the inherit in the entire dungeon.
Can you make the "show awakenings" button in the monster tab sticky (remember preference)?
I'll trade one for 7 +297s.
I didn't even mention China because obviously their data is not reliable. I'm only looking at SK and Japan. Japan has a lack of testing, which is why I am going by their death count (which don't require testing to be classified as covid), not their number of cases. In case you say "oh they just report covid deaths as natural causes or flu", the [total number of deaths *from all causes* in Tokyo (population 9.2 million) in April 2020 was 10k, which was 1k more than their average](https://www.japantimes.co.jp/news/2020/06/11/national/death-toll-coronavirus/#.XuhlQ2pKjAw) (strongly suggesting that no more than 1000 people died due to coronavirus). Compare that with 12k confirmed coronavirus deaths in April 2020 in New York City (population 8.4 million) (source: https://www1.nyc.gov/site/doh/covid/covid-19-data.page). I'm not just attacking the US either, compare Japan with pretty much any European country and you'll see that Japan got off very lightly. Japan definitely fared far better than the US or Europe despite doing basically nothing (since they were trying to keep the Olympics alive). The evidence is there. This is not disputable. Now you can question how much of that is due to masks, and how much is due to other reasons (like a culture of bowing instead of handshaking and generally avoiding physical contact), but if you just consider how the virus spreads primarily by being ejected from the mouth/nose, it seems pretty obvious that masks are a large part of that success.
Sure, there might be some inaccuracy in the stats, but a 10x difference between the upper bound for Tokyo and the lower bound for NYC? Why are you so loath to don a mask that you have to concoct these crazy conspiracy theories just to justify it to yourself? You still remain unconvinced that masks are effective in the face of a mountain of evidence but you'll take (I assume) Trump's word for it that "some people who wore masks also got sick so it's pointless"?
I did not insult you unless suggesting you may have gotten the idea from Trump is an insult now. The crazy conspiracy theory is the idea that NYC hospitals are so corrupt as to have fabricated 10x more deaths due to coronavirus than actually exist. But I'll give you the benefit of the doubt and assume that's not what you meant; you simply misunderstood this next part. &gt;As for 10X difference, you need to learn some facts about Statistics. There are how many more Americans in the US than there are Japanese in Japan? Now you expect the #'s to be the same? You misunderstood. I am comparing the number of COVID deaths in Japan's largest city, Tokyo, with the US's largest city, New York City. These two cities have roughly the same population (8.4 million in NYC and 9.2 million in Tokyo). Tokyo also has a higher population density in its metropolitan area. Now do you see why this is so shocking? It's basically a 1:1 apples to apples comparison and the best case for NYC is more than 10x higher than the worst case for Tokyo. &gt; Facts, not your feelings, have just as many medical professionals stating the value of a mask, "won't hurt but at the same time won't prevent either" [The CDC now recommends masks and face coverings to prevent the spread of coronavirus](https://www.cdc.gov/coronavirus/2019-ncov/prevent-getting-sick/cloth-face-cover.html). The CDC's initial reluctance to recommend masks to the general public was largely due to a lack of supply of masks in the US, thus the need to ration (surgical/N95) masks for healthcare workers. Doctors are hesitant to say that masks/face coverings will "prevent" coronavirus transmission because they do not prevent it 100%. They don't want people taking unnecessary risks because they feel invincible wearing a mask. All masks and face coverings provide some degree of protection/reduce transmission to some degree, [estimated between 50% and 90%](https://www.tampabay.com/news/health/2020/05/19/politifact-face-masks-including-homemade-ones-are-effective-covid-19-protection-experts-say/). Most medical professionals now recommend the use of a mask for both symptomatic and asymptomatic populations. I've played all my cards at this point so I hope you'll consider what I've said. I probably won't respond anymore unless you want a clarification on something. What we know about masks and the guidance regarding them has changed significantly since the beginning of the pandemic. Do your own research as well and be open to new ideas.
Ok wtf. I was going to say "they updated all pets to proc spell effects and Zyra plants take a ton of damage from spells" but that list of inconsistencies makes zero sense. You are right. This is bugged.
It's already 10 CD isn't it?
Contact tracing is working pretty well for South Korea.
Headline should really be "3 Indian soldiers and 5 Chinese soldiers killed in border clash".
The dining philosophers problem? You have five philosophers sitting around a circular table, and there is a utensil placed between every two philosophers (so there are 5 utensils). They all want to eat their food, but two utensils are required for a philosopher to eat. Since 10 utensils would be required for everyone to eat at the same time, there must be some kind of policy to determine how they can dine together (for example, some of the philosophers eat first, then put down their utensils and let others have a chance to eat, and repeat). The problem is that two utensils are required simultaneously and without a third party or leader orchestrating the whole thing, each philosopher naively decides to go first and picks up their left utensil, and then realizes there's no right utensil available. When an expected resource isn't available, the typical behavior is to just wait for it to become available. But in this case that will never happen because the person on their right is doing the exact same thing, so all five philosophers will starve, each holding one utensil. In programming, the philosophers are tasks that compete for the same resources (utensils). This problem is a way of illustrating that it's hard to share resources between tasks running concurrently. This type of situation occurs frequently in the design of operating systems.
real talk can you imagine Riot releasing Vi (bad cop who won't shut up about police brutality) or Caitlyn (cop who aims for the head) in 2020 lmao
the difference between the ADCs that can go sololane and the ones that can't is literally whether or not they have a dash
VDP/Poison &gt; Leader Swap (= annihilation gem) &gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt; Att Absorb / Jammer
Normally this is how the trade works: You trade an 8 star evo gem (Gaia, Sonia Gran, Zeuses) for the latent. Then you 297 some trash monsters (run some low level normal dungeons or pull gungho pem if you need trash) and trade them for common evo mats (dragon seed, amelits, mystic masks).
It's time for halberd training to go back in the military curriculum
The only 6x5 rainbow team that can consistently 10c is Marik, right? VIdeal, Menoa, and Shinji are +2c, which means that you'll often only have 9c. Maybe the reliability of the 7c will be better in some dungeons where MAten is overkill.
The L requirement can never reduce a 7c board to only having 6 combos, assuming the board has at least 4 colors on it. So in theory if you know the way to fit the L compactly, it shouldn't affect your average combo adversely.
You can also just buy her for $10 since she's the orb skin monster. I have a feeling a lot of people are going to be getting her this Halloween.
Those are the ten floors of AA4 where you don't need 10c damage though.
Update name
ATK multiplier at 4 colors but autofua at 5 is a tragedy waiting to happen.
Don't cheese her, just pop Yugi and oneshot her. So you should cheese F2 to ensure your Yugi is up for her.
There are an absurd number of RCV debuffs in this dungeon, including one that sets your RCV to 0. That's the main reason. The 2 turn awakening bind clear is pretty useless in comparison. With RIndra on the team, you can transform with as little as 14 SB (13 if you have another haste) by tanking a hit, popping Indra and then tanking two more hits, so losing 2 SB isn't that bad. Also, she's dark coverage in case your team needs that.
Why do you think this disgusting rune conqueror got made? They whined for so long they finally got their way.
I'm glad you like the build. I actually swapped the Uruka and Orya equips around on the team since posting it so Aten has Uruka and I'm liking that better. The advantage is that Aten keeps his rainbow board change even after the equip comes up, the L can be used as a damage awakening for extra firepower, and if you don't get Noahdra you can still use Orya on Yomidra. The only downside is that Orya is only 1 turn so you need to make sure you have a clean oneshot on Noahdra.
&gt; someone already did the math. you don't need to ask me. I didn't do the math. someone already did, look at the league wikipedia. they have detailed math about all of this I am perfectly aware and I've read through the entire page on how they do the calculations. And now I'm doing the math as well. I'm telling you that this is one of the cases where the formula used to compute gold value is misleading. Are you incapable of following along, or are you just trolling now?
I stall 5 turns to get rid of the anti-spike. Then it's pretty easy to kill them in 2 or 3 attacks. My team is so tanky that it doesn't really matter if I flub some attacks either.
This is definitely new (as in new in the last few seasons). Back in season 3 I recall teamfighting with Jax was considered trolling.
Glass peashooters
VAndro, 5 cd att absorb void and RCV debuff clear
I wish. Feels like you have a higher chance of getting the the other one you don't want.
Yeah I'm saying that item needs to be reverted (at least partially) to be more like S6. It's just not an item right now.
I'm aware that the headline isn't technically false. But you never see headlines still call it "new coronavirus" in June unless it's about China. There was another article with a headline of "new coronavirus outbreak in Chinese market". It's sensationalism.
What about playing around advantage? Rush the goggles, and immediately enhance Mana bolt bottom to strengthen. More variance in the deck means better use of advantage, and you double dip when you use an advantaged +2 on an AoE spell.
"OP" in this context would be a relative of the FIL, not a stranger on the internet. There may have been real-life conflict involved. But yeah, grief makes people irrational.
This is oddly uncanny to look at, and I think I realized why. Whatever is observing the shield should appear in the reflection, be it a camera or a person. Instead there's nothing there. It feels like looking in a mirror and seeing no reflection.
That's just how photos usually are. It's like how video games started adding lens flare when looking up at the sun just because people are so used to seeing those in movies and photos. I'm not saying the art is wrong, only that I was primed to expect something that was missing from it.
This dude doesn't want people to panic thinking there's another virus outbreak happening simultaneously. These shit headlines are prone to misinterpretation.
This teambuilder will calculate that for you: https://mapaler.github.io/PADDashFormation/solo.html
Also a lot of single-type enemies in this dungeon, including the boss. Pretty clearly targeted at Aten.
Why is anyone allowed to have this broken item? It isn't balanced on melee either
-25 AD, +25% crit Lifesteal ~~20%~~ 10% - 20% based on level Cost 3300 gold
Why do you think it's called screwing?
Unlike previous cheese teams, Yugi can burst for 400m just from leads. If something isn't cheeseable, just kill it.
/r/anime_titties is literally a sub for geopolitics and news, for some reason.
Bakura will get you killed in A6/AA4 unless you leave the poison skyfall off.
This video explains how /r/worldpolitics (NSFW) ended up filled with porn and /r/anime_titties became the new world politics sub: https://youtu.be/HkaaZTto7f0
&gt; i also use zero transform monsters because im not being meta That explains it. The main reason people value SB so highly is because of transform requirements. In most cases, people aren't bringing SB just because they don't like stalling, they're bringing it because they would literally just immediately die on the first floor without it. When I build transform teams, I greed as much as possible when it comes to cutting SB (like using shield so I can tank, popping hastes, using delays, etc) but there's still an absolute minimum SB threshold somewhere below which you can't even play the game. &gt; and i think that’s more valuable than 5 SB but bindable, and maybe even more than 4 SB since you also get ~11% extra damage for all orb types minus dark No one ever takes the +ATK badge even though that's +15% more damage, but people do take the SB badge when their team needs it.
Having any more SB than the minimum transform threshold is indeed a waste and not generally worth it for long Arena-type dungeons. Think of the SB to transform as the price of admission to use ridiculously broken units with actives that do 3 things and have 1/3 the CD they otherwise would have (and you "get back" the SB you paid since the post-transform units have 9 non-SB awakenings). It might be easier to stomach if you think of it that way.
Yes, you can stay indefinitely with a TN, but it will never turn into a Green Card* or a US citizenship. *It's technically possible to apply for the GC on TN, but the process is very sketchy.
&gt; You act like there aren't already training programs in place for those professions. You mean like universities?
It's fun until the enemies get the catapult and you get some terrible temporary buff. The rewards need to be better balanced against each other.
http://thehimalayantimes.com/nepal/what-does-the-pm-have-to-say-about-encroachment-by-china/ &gt;Rui village is a case in point. ... The village used to be part of Nepal’s Gorkha district **until 1962, but after that it became Chinese territory and continues to be so**. How is it possible for China to invade a village in 2020 that it has already possessed since 1962?
A single poison skyfall awakening adds the maximum amount of poison skyfall (the chances don't don't stack). The poison itself isn't the issue since you have Yugi. But Acala in this dungeon has a 99% shield for 5 turns and executes you if you have any poison on the board. She doesn't even make poison; it's purely to punish you for having poison skyfall (either from Freyja on the floor before, or from Bakura).
What teams have you tried?
My take is that it's a bit of both. It's not that the lockdowns don't work (they do), but it's looking like masks are as effective if not more and much less damaging to the economy and people's well-being than a lockdown. Lockdowns aren't sustainable and as soon as they end, the problem just comes back. We have to get everyone wearing masks now or we're about to see an explosion of cases.
Sure, Japan has a lack of testing. But the bodycount doesn't lie. Their total deaths from COVID-19 is 900 for a country of 126 million. In case you're thinking "that number is artificially low because they are misidentifying deaths because they didn't test", the [total number of deaths *from all causes* in Tokyo in April 2020 was 10k, which was only 1k more than their average](https://www.japantimes.co.jp/news/2020/06/11/national/death-toll-coronavirus/#.XuhlQ2pKjAw) (strongly suggesting that no more than 1000 people in Tokyo died due to coronavirus). Compare that with 12k confirmed coronavirus deaths in April in New York City (source: https://www1.nyc.gov/site/doh/covid/covid-19-data.page). Tokyo and NYC are very similar in terms of population (9.2 mil vs 8.7 mil) and population density, and yet the upper bound for COVID deaths in Tokyo is more than 10x the number of confirmed COVID deaths in NYC. This is in spite of the Japanese government doing absolutely nothing. Unless you think the Japanese are somehow genetically immune to COVID-19, you can't deny the role their mask-wearing culture played.
All those other Asian countries are also accustomed to wearing masks. I wouldn't be surprised if they fared better than Japan because they also had a better government response in addition to the masks. The important thing to me is *why* Western countries are doing so much worse than the Asian countries, and I'm pretty sure it's literally just because there are huge contingents that refuse to put on a mask under any circumstances.
See my comment here: https://reddit.com/r/worldnews/comments/hevgst/japan_has_curbed_the_spread_of_the_coronavirus_so/fvwtqa2
Luden's was common on Yuumi
Building more max mana absolutely reduces the number of abilities you can use, even without considering flat mana gain from her passive. The only way the math works out in favor of building max mana is if you cast far more Q's than E's, and that is simply not how any Yuumi is played. https://reddit.com/r/leagueoflegends/comments/hf3w7q/yuumis_e_now_costs_at_least_234_mana_at_level_18/fvxfex0
https://reddit.com/r/leagueoflegends/comments/hf3w7q/yuumis_e_now_costs_at_least_234_mana_at_level_18/fvxfex0
You actually don't even get more casts of E before regen is needed. Assuming a normal Yuumi build at level 18, you get 8 casts of E off CD at base mana and only 7 casts if you have a fully stacked Seraph's for free in addition to those other items. https://reddit.com/r/leagueoflegends/comments/hf3w7q/yuumis_e_now_costs_at_least_234_mana_at_level_18/fvxfex0
Her R is actually really good and compares extremely favorably to Sona R, Zyra R etc. It's almost impossible to dodge and is just a free flash or kill on immobile carries.
No shit they don't want the police there, they're violating the law. The police don't only come when it's convenient for everyone. If you want a functional society there must be those that enforce the laws.
Are the rewards actually roughly balanced against each other, statistically? My biggest gripe was it felt like some of the rewards were almost useless and some of the rewards felt suffocatingly OP (catapult). I know it's for fun, but it's frustrating when I get a useless buff and the enemies get OP rewards. Doesn't feel fair or fun.
What does she expect, being a 2D waifu
She looks like she's about to star in one
No one said "I don't like dogs". "Not a dog person" can mean "the lifestyle of owning a dog is not for me".
The mega awoken form is the one that's good, and you need a VDP latent and 7c SA to unlock his true potential, but once you do, he just oneshots basically anything in the game.
This is going to be controversial, but is it really a coincidence that the big spike happened roughly 14 days + time for testing after the protests started?
See the conclusion at the end of this post: https://www.reddit.com/r/bayarea/comments/hgg3ce/626_covid19_update_for_santa_clara_county/
What service relying on ads doesn't want people to repeatedly come back and stay longer each time?
It's fine if America gets more brown but it's not fine if Oakland gets more white? People move around and demographics change. That was the point.
Most mages don't even buy Rylai's anymore. It's overnerfed and the passive feels useless. Zhonya's and Banshee's would be popular defensive items for AD champions. The rest are really questionable (remember that adaptive force is only worth 0.6 AD). Is a 36 AD protobelt actually worth buying? 72 AD deathcap with a useless passive? Would any bruiser buy 48 AD Liandry's instead of Sterak's, which gives more AD and HP and has a better passive?
Coop? I went 2/4 in solo and 0/5 in co-op.
Play grasp Senna top and farm him for stacks
LMAO absolutely wrecked
/u/Bjd1207 politely offered some feedback, although they made a mistake in assuming you were producing videos. Instead of &gt; This has nothing to do with a channel? I'm posting just in this subreddit. IT's text. Nothing to do with videos lol You could have answered: &gt; "Thanks for the suggestions. Actually, I'm going to be creating text posts in this subreddit, not videos. But I appreciate the feedback nonetheless." And that would sound much less defensive.
There are multiple strains of swine flu, but in the context of the parent comment ("list of recent/notable pandemics") it's obvious that he was referring to the 2009 swine flu pandemic caused by H1N1. But he was also completely wrong about H1N1 coming from China, since both the 1918 (Spanish flu) and the 2009 outbreaks started in the US. Overall I'd say he's mostly wrong with a small margin for creative interpretation.
