I was gonna say, that's a little more than inspiration, OP. Come on, now.
[Grave of Fireflies.](https://i.imgur.com/ctGLnSP.jpg) AKA: The Ghibli film that will have you sobbing for a good portion of its run time.
[Vindication.](https://i.imgur.com/7lKK9Jl.jpg)
[Oh, hey, it's Wormwood.](https://www.rpg.net/reviews/archive/13/13786.phtml)
Some kind of trachea?
That's my theory, too.
I thought that was undermined when Benicio pointed out that weapons were sold to the Rebels, too? The movie did that sort of thing a couple times, where it lays out some simple, rah-rah, good-feelsie sort of sentiment then destroys it. It happened with Poe and Leia busting in to put him back in place, too. That said, yeah, not much defense for Rose's line. Would have been better if she'd sort of stuck to emphasizing that Finn was just gonna die and waste his life.
I use Bing because I don't like keeping all my eggs in one basket. I do use Windows, but I prefer an iPod Classic for music purposes, and I have an Android phone. Or maybe I just have a weird diversity fetish and enjoy making all my various products from different makers play nice with each other.
I'm down about 30 to 35 lbs from this time last year. Didn't really plan for it, and I've done *zero* working out--I just got to a point where I don't drink anything other than water now. Still eat whatever the fuck I want, but even there, my cravings for bad things went away with all the sugar I used to drink, so I don't gorge. Feels good, man.
I literally just got a new 8250 i5 and started it up for the first time today... only to be hit with a massive Windows update out the gate that took an hour and a half to install and left a massive 17 gig old.windows folder behind. I'm assuming this was that update. Goddamnit.
I'm not OP, but I did this recently. I went hot: temp around 330 or so for three hours. Made my own glaze with equal parts apple, orange, and pineapple juice (bout a cup total) with a third cup brown sugar and honey. Put a sugar rub of half a cup of turbinado and brown sugar along with a 1/2 teaspoon of ground ginger, cinnamon, and paprika on the ham after applying the glaze via baster and in it went. Used maple chunks and peach chips, no liquid in the pan. Myself, I bring it to about 145 internal then store it, but I don't like to let it rest more than a half hour; basically as long as it takes to get it ready to serve.
Right, and we bring to justice the people who don't follow the laws in this regard. It's simple, really. But you should probably expect better from people--not because it's good to be overly naive, but more so asshole apologists can't claim, "Oh, what's the use?! People are just bad!" There is an expectation from society that you keep your hands to your goddamn self until invited to do otherwise. And *fuck anyone* who says differently, or tries to explain away this kind of behavior. This is one of those things we need to have *zero* tolerance for. *Especially when it's caught on goddamn tape.*
Ol' Mushmouth, himself!
&gt;I’m not I addressed your response exactly No, you didn't. &gt;How would you feel if I was walking around women you care about with my cock hanging out? You would be ok with that? I would. I don't care. I don't think they would either. They might point and laugh... &gt;So you are saying we should have sexist rules that apply to women and men making them unequal and have different responsibilities based on gender? No. And that you got that from my post proves you're not operating in good faith here. You keep twisting things to win the argument. That's what straw-manning *is*.
&gt; As long as I’m pissing off stupid sjws I guess I am winning. I think I found your problem: you're an asshole.
Actually, being fat sort of makes sense, in a way. How much exercise you think his meat-body is really getting with cybernetic arms and legs that do all the work for him?
That's a little different. Think more, "I could have had a V8!"
We literally created the War On Drugs and coined the term. Meanwhile, the CIA was dumping crack into poor, black communities to destabilize them. Yeah, we're the baddies.
He strikes me as more of the skin-suit type.
Using mob intimidation tactics and threats of violence isn't going to make the pro-MJ crowd look sympathetic.
Difficult or not, that's the route to reform.
Why?
Compartmentalization is real af.
"DO NOT PAY ATTENTION TO THE MAN BEHIND THE CURTAIN!!"
Wonder how much overlap there is between the_dumpsterfire and r/cuckold? Probably a whole bunch, given their predilections for projection.
It looks really bad when you say something like that when it's readily apparent you're the one out of your element (Donny).
I've accidentally bumped people the wrong way before--it happens. I'm just glad I didn't get the shit kicked out of me for it.
Surely you understand that just because it's *called* the Explorer doesn't mean it's necessarily good at it, right? &gt;No weapon slots, small sensors, 100 ly engineered jump range! Sure doesn't sound like any Explorer ship that exists currently.
As soon as I had the technology I did. Like so very many people. I think you're the odd one out, here. Prude.
Why? Tempted? You doth protest too much, methinks. Seriously, though: *Why does this bother you so much that teens are getting kicks being sexual and weird with each other?* Did you miss out on that experience really hard and now you're doing that thing where, because you couldn't have it, nobody should?
Suicide...?
Bruce Willis is asking himself if he left the stove on.
She was still bitter about '08.
I, FOR ONE, WELCOME OUR NEW ROBOT OVERLORDS.
For me it's the galaxy map in Elite:Dangerous. It's basically this but in 3D.
Then you go after the old fucks like we already do? Here's what you *don't* do: arrest the fucking teenagers doing what all teenagers have done in some capacity for our entire run as a species, simply because new technology has afforded them novel ways to get their kicks. Besides, we're not talking about legalizing something, we're talking about not explicitly interpreting laws designed to put adult child-predators in prison in such a way that they apply to the very kids we're trying to protect. It's like you refuse to look at the real outcome of this: teenagers getting incarcerated for taking pictures of their own naked bodies. Like, what? In what world does that make any sense?
[Youtube?](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IHg6lHvWdCw)
Doing drugs and drinking (same thing, by the way) require the wayward teen to go find these things and put them into their body. These things may also cause developmental harm, or possibly even the physical variety. It can demonstrably be shown to be bad for them. Sexting requires a cell phone and the ability to point it at themselves. And you can't really convince them it's bad without a healthy dose of prude-ish shame, which *really* fucks people up. Clearly.
Anyone notice how this sub has become r/newsofterribledarkfuckedupshit lately?
The problem is, the average person probably needs a lawyer to parse any contracts ahead of time. Time and money.
Situations are defined by their very context. A rough smack on the head isn't a vicious beating. But a rough smack means different things coming from different people. A friend is just joshing and you can hit them back. This guy is... simply enjoying hitting people.
Yep, it's doable. Actually, it's easier going up than down. And I'm in Anor Londo! It's pretty.
My brain just inserts the facehugger foot noises. I imagine it's not too far off.
&gt;Praise the sun! This is weird. I just started playing Dark Souls for the first time about a week or so ago. Shit's everywhere now[.](https://i.imgur.com/AVgU4eA.gifv)
[PRAISE THE SUUUUUUUUN](https://i.imgur.com/AVgU4eA.gifv)
And here I am insisting on going to the cashier counters because the hassle of scanning things myself is aggravating.
I distinctly remember there being an episode of Eerie, Indiana featuring the both of them--something to do with them getting into giant tupperware containers for preservation.
Jaws and Arachnophobia fucked me up. Didn't see Piranha.
The data caps are coming next. People are gonna feel it whether they like it or not.
She's definitely inspired more by [Anne Burrell.](https://i.imgur.com/Fx7uq9L.jpg)
There's quite the fine line between them, however.
Adult/Video Store. With a vibrant homeless-heroin community in the woods behind us.
Yeah, we get all sorts of crazy types. I literally just got in a shouting match with an over-entitled young girl who waltzed in and helped herself directly to the restroom, which is clearly labeled with a stop sign and EMPLOYEES ONLY in huge font on the door. So I mention to her through the door that I'd really appreciate it if she could just ask next time; I'm thinking: at least give me some pretense that you're a legit customer and not some street crazy in to take a huge heroin shit in our goddamn toilet. She comes out and makes a beeline for the door--it was exactly what I figured: used to asking for forgiveness rather than permission and never had any intention of making a purchase. She notices me looking after her, stops, and gives a tirade about how she was *gonna* buy things but I was so rude and on and on, and I'm just trying to get in a, "I'd have no problem with it, just please ask next time." but *she keeps talking over me*. So I had to shout. So she shouted louder. And it was at this point, I yell, "YOU'RE NOT BUYING ANYTHING, YOU USED THE RESTROOM WITHOUT ASKING, WHY ARE YOU STILL HERE?! GET THE FUCK OUT!!" Nobody else in the store, or maybe I wouldn't have reacted that way. Or maybe I reacted that way because I was re-telling the last crazy encounter, I dunno. I can be certain she is super banned, however. I've taken her picture from the cameras and printed it out on the wall already. Labeled her the Bathroom Dasher. I've also locked the bathroom. E: I now realize this is somewhat a similar situation to the original post. *Still* didn't get physical. Might have had some stray thoughts about it, though. Jesus.
...Yeah. Goddamnit. I want to sympathize, *but they make it so hard*. And it's clearly not like all heroin users are forest hobos. My buddy had to go get clean at rehab--he's quite successful at his current job and makes a shit load more than I do. So it isn't like heroin use necessarily defines a person, but there is an awful lot of overlap between the cretins of society and those who do it.
&gt;The honorable Ajit Pai, Commissioner... You lost me.
That's some damning faint praise. To answer your question, it seemed to me reading his book that Zinn would have favored good old fashioned Socialism. But, you know, less jack-booted than Russia's approach.
[Then you'll enjoy the musical.](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8FFQ_g8OoQM)
Most people just take them out and throw them in a bucket with water. They don't last the afternoon that way. This one will be fine, don't worry. Incidentally, I can always tell who the asshole tourists are at my little beach resort I go to every year because they're the ones with stank ass buckets of dead sand dollars outside their rooms.
I can't take a sarcastic dig at chairman Pai anymore? What has reddit come to?
If you're gonna say that about them, you have to say it about us, too. This *is* the capitalism that the crooks want. No or very little oversight.
But maybe they got better at interpreting the data and filtering out the noise.
It always disappoints me how few people get that reference when I use it in daily life.
All my problems health-wise seemed to melt away once I started drinking nothing but water. Not just 'more water'--nothing but; no juice, no tea, no coffee, no milk (except for a barebones amount in cereal or while cooking). And definitely no soda. We drink half our sugar on a regular basis. And if it isn't water, it's not healthy. No, sugar-free doesn't count--it wreaks havoc with your diet just like regular sugar, as it increases the likelihood you're going to gorge on something; it still drives cravings for bad things. Meanwhile, my desire for excessive food has melted away. I don't overeat like I used to and stop when I no longer feel hungry rather than when I feel full (hate myself). I've lost about 35 lbs in a year, and feel amazing physically. I sleep better, have a better mindset most of the time, and interact with other people more successfully. Shit was literally life changing. Oh, and I've done exactly zero working out. All of this is to say: stop drinking your sugar.
I see comrade and I can't help but hear Bolo Santosi from Just Cause 2 saying it like com-raid.
I just had one that topped Bennigan's at Cheddar's. This thing was like a beignet stuffed with meat and cheese. It was so delicate and delicious.
I hope to have DS2 and 3 finished by May, so I can start it all over again with the remaster!
I found out I could beat the Anubis boss looking mofo in the reverse castle Catacombs by immediately vertical-roof-jumping up, turning into a bat, and bat smashing past his head to a ledge behind him. If you do this fast enough and turn around to hit him, he gets stuck in a recoil animation that brings his head within attack range each time you swing. He becomes stun-locked and you win. Might require a fast swinging sword, though. I used the Alucard Sword, myself.
I didn't like coffee as a child. Didn't start drinking it till I joined the workforce. I actually enjoyed the flavor when I came back to it later in life, but I realize now that was largely due to the high concentrations of sugar and cream relative to the coffee.
Hmm, you're right. Guess I got those Vardas on a subsequent playthrough with max luck. Ah, X-X!V''Q, I remember you fondly.
It's a subtle thing, but you really do feel infinitely more powerful by game's end. Moreso than in the beginning, even, prior to Death jacking your shit.
I'm of the opinion that PVP deaths shouldn't cost you your insurance. Or maybe they should only cost 1% instead of 10%? As it is, gankers have nothing to lose and legit players, meanwhile, lose *everything*.
Yeah, they threw up one near 17-92 on Semoran that's pretty dope. Fancy new hotness, too.
&gt;Lol, it's not really subtle is it though? Not if you take full advantage of the range of mobility powers you get, no. Fair point. My first playthrough, though, was largely prior to the internet. I had to trudge through with my own knowledge and my own experience. Hell, I didn't even realize all the things I could do once I got some of these powerups; the high jump boots come to mind.
You have to get familiar with his move set to fully explore everything. Also, he *does* get more life from health potion life increase-y things, you just can't really see it because the life bar doesn't noticeably change.
An*d* you can move while swinging it constantly. It's super OP.
&gt;but for a lot of people For the *majority*, storytelling wins over accuracy.
You clearly have no historical understanding of the expectations of the president and their decorum on the world stage. Trump acting like a five year old in meetings with foreign leaders *is one of the big problems with him.* It lowers us all. It *has* lowered us all, perhaps forever. This is a tarnishing we'll never be able to buff out.
Found the filthy Chicago hotdog heretic.
&gt;There is no mention about what the police will do with these devices upon receiving them. Uhhh &gt;“if you currently possess a bump stock or trigger crank within the Commonwealth of Massachusetts you should contact your local police department or the Massachusetts State Police and arrange an appointment to transfer custody of the prohibited item to the police ***for destruction***.” Emphasis mine. Might want to eliminate that last bullet point.
Spoiler: It was. EDIT: Also, that's because this wasn't her. This is from pornhub premium users Leo_Lulu_XXX. Boooooo.
You're part of the reason why the term racist means so little these days. I know you mean well, but you're hurting more than you're helping with your poor understanding of this meme and the humor involved. If you were to ask, you might even find that the person you responded to shares many of your same beliefs.
I face the same problem many women do, I suppose: I tend to want to let them down easy with some grace, but unfortunately, men sometimes being men, they see this as an *invitation* rather than a gentle snubbing; like I'm playing hard to get. I'm not. And I've had to get firm about it. But it's uncomfortable. It makes them uncomfortable because they realize they've overstepped and they need to maintain the client-customer relationship that's been otherwise cultivated and their actions have now put stress on that. And it makes me uncomfortable because I don't enjoy having to take it there. Though the blatant--and I mean several second long--crotch stares are... well, again, let's just say most straight guys don't know how to act when they're the subject of someone's increasingly pervy attention. We're just not used to being the pursued that way. It's given me quite a bit of understanding for the other sex.
We may have to face the fact that they simply don't have the time or manpower to look into the many cases that get brought up against other players. And if you think of it in terms of setting a precedent--that, in opening this can of worms, they'd need to then look at *every* individual claim from here-on out or be labeled as being inconsistent and playing favorites--then it makes all kinds of sense that they operate this way. Or it could simply come down to they don't care. I don't know, I'm not FDev. Hell, I stopped playing months ago, I'm still just subbed here.
Oh, I know that. They're just getting carried away, as we all sometimes do. The biological urge is *strong*.
I can't say one way or the other how this would play out across America--more lost than gained or the other way around--as I don't have the data. But in my limited experience, those around me didn't respond well to my proposition that this plank ought to be abandoned for the sake of broader party appeal. I hope I'm wrong, though.
The fact that it could just as easily be turned against their own troops via the wind, though, probably scared them all shitless. Here was a weapon that would undermine *any* fighting force by simply removing their will to fight. Viewed in that context, you can see why governments, ours in particular, have been afraid of it and why they've tried to bury it for decades.
[The story behind The Men Who Stare At Goats.](https://hrvg.org/discussion/archive/index.php/t-545.html) Keep in mind: *Very* unreliable narrator.
[You have a form of Misophonia.](https://www.webmd.com/mental-health/what-is-misophonia) For me, it's the sound of chewing and slurping. Mouth noises sometimes drive me into a quiet, internal rage. I'll snap plasticware unconsciously from gripping it too hard, that sort of thing. I don't yell at people... anymore. When I'm in a shit mood I might get a little passive aggressive about it, though. As you can imagine, this causes friction between myself and open-mouth chewers. I want to hit them. Including several members of my own family! But, yeah, I know it's *my* problem, and clearly I never would. But those involuntary thoughts, dough.
You👏cant👏even👏imagine.
I was thinking the same only more evil.
I'm thinking Death Stranding, actually. In the newest trailer, that weird Lovecraftian horror skating around on the alter-ocean surface gobbling up... people...?... struck me as something along these lines.
It's a heavy charge; we should make sure it's accurate to say these things before we do.
I sort of want all cryptocurrencies to crash and burn so we can get decently priced gpu's again.
Not good enough, apparently. My cousin didn't seem reassured by the knowledge that pits do better on temperament tests than a lot of other dogs after one bit onto his hand and shredded his fingers, followed by it latching onto his hip. This is his friend's dog, by the way. And they *have* been good owners and trainers. This shit just... *happened*. Dog was wagging its tail; body language didn't indicate any problems. My cousin was good-natured about it, but he's wary of dogs now. Then there was my ex's sister's pit that tried to kill my ex's basset *three times*. Almost succeeded the last one: needed life-saving surgery and months of recovery. Still has big puncture scars where she was grabbed and rag-dolled. Now, these two dogs *were raised together their entire lives*. What the hell brought *that* on?
Sounds like a recipe for instant greasy chute.
I didn't read it with race in mind, *but you clearly did*. I think that says all it needs to.
Looks similar to some Girl Scout Cookies I've seen around.
But it looks like it'd be more powerful this way, assuming the string has any stretchiness to it, which I think it did.
I don't see what's insane about this, OP. Too casual about the dog's injury, maybe.
But, if I view the entire cryptocurrency fad as being yet another speculative market propped up by empty promises and ultimately doomed to fail... why would I want to endorse that? Yeah, *some* people are gonna make money. But the salt over in the crypto subs is real. Clearly, there will be winners and a lot more losers.
All I read in that was, "I can't beat them, so I'm joining them." Pascal's Wager never held much water with me in the first place. Besides, there's nothing in there that explains what is underpinning the entirety of the crypto scene; that it's just a bunch of people believing there's value there and so therefore there is... until, quite suddenly, *there isn't*. Then a bunch of people lose their asses while a significantly smaller number of people make some money. This is what I mean by speculative market: there's nothing going on underneath to justify the system in the first place. At least with the stock market, you're trading in the real value of a company's worth, and those companies *do something*. What does crypto *do*? Because I see it getting used primarily to facilitate drug transactions over the darknet. I suppose there's an argument to be made for a de-centralized internet "cash", so to speak, but I'm not convinced this is the way. Meanwhile, my dad needs a new gpu for his 'puter, and I'm having to explain to him why they're all suddenly all more expensive.
God, *fuck* Erdogan.
Except not just one alien emerges.
Yep. Except instead of making copies of itself, it just takes over other proteins. Hence, zombie.
You think so? I think it's pretty clear that, *whatever* this menace is, it's preventing people from 'dying' the way they're supposed to. Hence the name. That Lovecraftian nightmare on the 'ocean' surface in the newest trailer that's gobbling people up is, I think, the key to whatever the fuck is going wrong. Now, whether the threat is extra-dimensional, aliens, supernatural... who knows? And what's with the baby? But that's what makes this *fun*. I haven't been this intrigued by something this different in quite a while.
I mean, that's just anime for you. I'm not sure they know *how* to make a non-rock intro 99% of the time. Like, maybe Mushi-Shi, and that's all I can think of.
True. But it wouldn't have gotten that far if it hadn't been trial run on Ullman's show, I guess is what I'm getting at. There were people, like my family, who were already supporters when the first official episode aired. And if you've watched that first season, you'd know it's *a lot* closer to the Ullman shorts than what later seasons eventually became.
Welp, that's it. I'm super excited.
The color of the butcher paper has nothing to do with its effectiveness--peach was simply cheaper when people started using it, I believe. Just make sure it isn't waxed, that's the key.
I would download a house.
You'd need some kind of anchor to the planet that would hold you to it through time. Space would be easier, generally speaking. The odds of materializing over/into something are astronomically low. It's quite improbable, you might say.
Fake experience, bruh.
He always looks like he's *just about* to get schwifty.
My grandma just gave me some Punisher lounge pants. They're comfy.
He seemed to do everything else legally, is the thing. He didn't acquire those weapons via ill gotten means. What makes you think he knew anybody that would have been able to acquire it illegally? Perhaps he would have just done his worst without it? And we wouldn't be sitting here discussing their merits.
[Here's the second one with all the DLC for about $9.](https://www.gamebillet.com/dark-souls-ii-scholar-of-the-first-sin) Went ahead and got it, too. EDIT: Sorry, I think I stripped out the affiliate thing. Didn't see that get in there. My bad.
I feel like stories like this are made up as a not-so-subtle dig against fat people in general. Like, fph is still alive and kicking, you know? That said, she reminds me of Bulk from Power Rangers. Like, she could be his sister.
You forget, though, that this is the team that brought us Guilty Gear and Blazblue. Like, they balance *the shit* out of these things. And balancing is the hardest part of a competitive fighter. Say what you want about the previous games, but they most definitely were not competitive fighters. This, meanwhile, is probably going to be played endlessly at tournies.
That sounds entirely reasonable.
I'm not sure, since that's never happened to me before. Personally, I'd find it a little concerning. After all, what do you *really* know about them? How much of your own expectations are you projecting all over them? &gt;wow id throw away everything right now for that person and i dont know a thing about them. This sounds like infatuation, which can lead to some pretty dark places, OP. Tread carefully.
David *S*. Watermelons.
Yeah, I remember that. Unfortunately.
At the end of the day, *every* religion is asking you to take a knee for them. Some of them don't take it well when you won't.
Because you get less meat and they can still charge you as if you aren't.
Do you understand how markets work? If supply isn't meeting demand, the price goes up. Five minutes in a high-school Econ class would learn you that.
That's the problem with using it in film; to properly bring it in, it'd need to be the fourth (or later!) in the franchise, sans rebooting or the like. This is why it works *marginally* better in a comic book format--they're inherently serial and you're more likely to reach a point of familiarity that makes the removal of powers work on some level. My chief complaint is about using this beat at all, however. Like I said, it's lazy. It's the poor writer's solution for ratcheting up the drama. It's not enjoyable if you've seen it more than once.
I never bothered much with Engineering. By that point, the fun had been sucked out of the game faster than the air out a blown canopy. Flying around space is *awesome*. I love that part. Now if I could just have meaningful things to do in space, I'd be so happy. Contrary to popular belief, progression doesn't have to be a slog. Crazy, I know!
Wait, girls have GW crushes on dudes? Like, dudes from Reddit? Apparently I've been doing this wrong.
Fair enough. That's what did it for me, though. Definitely hadn't thought of it like that before, and when I did, the grave importance--the full weight--of the task was suddenly imposed upon me. Life-altering knowledge. I can't pretend that I'm not a little disappointed it didn't have a similar effect on you, however, but diff'rent strokes.
&gt;Your opinion is colored by your experience with comic books. So? Tropes are tropes, regardless of format. De-powering supers is lazy writing, end of story. They did it with Superman already, too, by the way.
[But you can still accomplish great things with it.](https://www.flickr.com/photos/51779623@N05/) Granted, those are *old* versions of these--the only pics I can remember hosting anywhere were on Flickr--and I'll upload better quality, newer/hotter, versions when I get home later.
*All* rules are made up, and if they're all made up, then it doesn't matter that they are, as their authority is not derived from their human origins; rather, that comes from the military standing just behind the governing body making the rules. I'd also add that the Constitution in its original state not being faithfully adhered to isn't necessarily a bad thing. We've got some pretty nifty amendments in effect that do some pretty important things, after all.
The angriest bunny.
Are you aroused enough to get an erection and use it? That complicates things a bit, doesn't it? I think what people are trying to say is, who are you really trying to convince?
I choose to read this as toilets lifting up society. Because they absolutely do.
POCKET CASH!!!
I'm pretty agnostic, raised heathen, but even I've come to acknowledge some wisdom in the Tower of Babel story. Maybe the dashing of the tower, casting everyone apart, and making us unable to understand one another--the geographical spread of humans over long periods of time and the aggregate of small changes to language that'd go along with it--was actually a *net positive* for the species...? I mean, just look at us now with our shiny internet. It seems like the chief thing we use it for is finding and listing all of the ways in which we disagree with one another, then having shit-slinging matches over it. Were we better off simply not understanding, or having the means, to communicate as we do? With disparate communities, who quite often *don't* share any sort of common, bed-rock-type values, getting into ethnically centered flamefests with one another, furthering those divides and misunderstandings? This besides how, now, everybody is able to put their inane ramblings and hateful screeds online for the world to see forever? Increasingly, I think so.
Too late, it gone. But I'll keep that in mind for the next one!
This was how I convinced myself not to stop and get food on the way home from work yesterday. Conceived of this monstrosity in a eureka moment of sorts that tricked my stomach into making the right choice: eat at home. Of course, now, I'm really not sure that was the healthier option.
Will you be sweet with me[?](https://i.imgur.com/7kYUaPt.jpg)
Trump doesn't so much plan these things as that's just how it always shakes out. He's a con--always has been, always will be--so this sort of thing is more instinctual for him.
They usually go right for the cows.
Yeah, I was under the impression tenderloin didn't do too well in a smoker.
I just spent about six hours grinding to SL55 on the skelewheels down there in the Remaster--dat bonfire by Vamos is such a nice addition--and I've been running around with 20 Estus, too. Went down there a fragile waif, came out a steamroller and went straight up to the Black Knights + Havel and made them my bitch. Feels good, man.
&gt;and weirdos snapping pictures from afar. Or just needing that picture at all. Because it's 100% about showing it to other people, like, "Look who *I just met!*" Personally, I saw Wallace Shawn at MegaCon the other day--didn't need to get his autograph, or talk to him, or take his picture--and that was enough. I left happy, having seen him in person. Even though he was *there for meeting and greeting* I felt weird about actually going up to him. What would I say? "I loved you in _______, just like everybody else did who's come up and talked to you today." The only time I could see myself talking to a celebrity is when I either don't recognize them or they need something from me. Or both, as happened when I sold a washer and dryer combo to the lead singer of Flock of Seagulls.
I'm fine with the Chinese spying on me--at least they aren't a Five Eyes country. What can the Chinese government *do* to me over here in the US? Exactly. Meanwhile, I know what the US government could do to me--and they're doing the same kind of spying in the name of national security that China is. And they're right here...
*If.* Don't assume that the consequences of an action are too grave to be considered by rational actors; they aren't always rational, for one.
Corollary to this: The restaurants themselves would prefer you place that order than drive off.
I love how we've reached a point in this country where simply having sums of cash is evidence of a crime. Did I say love? Oh, I meant fucking despise.
Man, I went in there and threw some AoE spells at 'em. *Melt*. Free souls.
I've somehow ended up with two spider shields on my most recent run--didn't realize I must have gotten one from a drop? I know about that one in the Depths after you drop down the Butcher's hole. Also, I had no idea about the Spider Shield and its ability my first playthrough. Went through 15 fps Blighttown getting toxic'd and poisoned the whole way. Painful.
*Sigh*. I got the mom mask.
Nope. Knight.
I'll admit to bowing to an enemy one time and just jumping off a nearby cliff to my doom immediately after. I wasn't in the mood for a fight, as it was late, and I was trying to get some things done before I went to bed.
For a while. Then they sink.
It's for when the IRL culling begins. Impartial. Fair. *Balanced.*
I don't know--his choice of words, the way he escalated things when people weren't having his shit--this all seems like a learned set of behavior to me. I have to think he's got some pretty terrible role models at home to get to the point he's at here.
You can go pay to have your sin removed! You didn't have to finish him off!
Yep, looks like a Vagyr interceptor from Homeworld 2, specifically.
You know, I don't agree with Ayn Rand about much, but she *did* write a book that went into why it's dystopian to prop up aging industries if only to preserve the status quo. And that's what this looks like.
Something I can't stand about Dex weapons in DS is that they seem to have a greater windup time before the blade comes down. Like, there's a half-moment's hesitation before each swing. They often do swing faster thereafter, but that's not necessarily a good thing. I get that From wanted to make the animations for these weapons look fancier--more Arabian-style swordplay-esque--in order to differentiate, but they ended up going too far. I saw no reason to use a Falchion or Scimitar when I had a perfectly good Longsword of Baller Swag Stick that seemingly did the job better with less fuss and muss. Playing Bloodborne, I'm running into a similar problem: I've found that, so far, any weapon besides the Razor Saw seems inferior, as its windup time is so much worse comparatively. When I press R1, that razor bitch goes sailing right away, and I get the initiative far more often than with others arms, which often means the difference between life and death. I dunno. Bigger weapons that do more damage? Sure, make 'em janky. But the Dex weapons felt unappealing to me because none of them felt any easier, or better, to use. Quite the opposite.
Hey, Darkroot Forest, where the Stone Guardians are, leading up to the Lunar Butterfly battle? There's a double-headed green serpent in the back area--I think maybe one of the few in the game at all--that just sits there, pretending to be a tree branch. They drop egg vermifuges with regularity, and they're easy to farm with the hidden bonfire right outside the Artorias Crest gate.
Something I noticed about that movie: many of the shots are from a lower perspective looking up. Devito is a short guy, after all.
Shit, I built some Gundam-esque mecha bots that were about six inches tall--they had an average of about 700 pieces per bot. Those bricks add up *quick*.
Don't forget the giant quadriped skeles that have that 'now you die' lunge attack that breaks your guard, your poise, whatever. I assume that when I go up against one there's a solid whatever percent chance I'm just gonna die, no matter what. In fact, of all the enemies in the game, they're my least favorite, just on their 'flip a coin, you might live' aspect alone.
They farm real good with that new bonfire down by Vamos. 400 to 481 souls a pop is nothing to scoff at when you're SL 15. And there's *seven* of them right there.
Until you get stunlocked by more than one of them at a time.
Because I know *I* love walking slow through water that might very well conceal instant death while being shot at from a mile away. My fave.
Mmmm. Taco pie. I love taco pie.
Handtossed, son!
Fuck, I made some of them two nights ago with ground beef and a Taco Bell kit from the store, and it's *way better* on account of the real ground beef and cheese I'm using. To say nothing of putting as much of anything I want on them, and that I'm getting three meals out of what would have gotten me one from Taco Bell proper--leftovers for days, biatch! And the best part? *I'm not shitting myself the next day.*
*You* don't need it. There are lots of people who still can't play the game without consistently random white screen crashes and the like.
CBD reduces the felt effect of THC anyway, so with the trace amounts you're getting you wouldn't feel anything close to a head high.
I'm saying they have that as an option at Pizza Hut.
I live in Florida. Still do it. Invest in AC and get salted butter--it doesn't go rancid.
Is air-conditioning not a thing people have nowadays?
Sold! That's superior to a traditional butter cozy in nearly every way. The only thing is it's easier to take a measured amount off a stick; this necessitates an actual measuring spoon for getting tablespoons and the like. That said, if the butter is soft, that's not really an issue except for cleanup.
He's always struck me as someone who's genuinely a good guy, but who suffers from social anxieties. And who also--somehow--ended up in show business *hosting his own late show*. I just imagine him panicking internally every day before shooting.
It's a central unit, and it maintains all day, turning on and off as necessary, yes. And it blows through vents around the house, including the kitchen. Matter of fact, the way it distributes air at different levels, we tend to close the AC vent in the kitchen so it blows colder in the rest of the house. Even with that, my butter is always the right consistency.
Yeah, not a fan of tangy beans. I like my smokey sweetness, and lots of meat.
He definitely should have stipulated £5 per egg.
US of A. Maybe they've discontinued that practice since I worked for them. And it wasn't so much to talk to us, but if you required us to actually walk you through something or actually perform steps to correct your phone in some way. Otherwise it was 'refer to this article on the knowledge database' and done.
Well, he did start his career as a bandit after all.
Yeah, that was exaggerated a bit. Basically, if it came time to walk someone through the steps to fix their device or if they actually required certain services from us it, and they either didn't pay for AppleCare or were out of their period, it was going to cost. We could offer them a link to the Knowledge Base free of charge, if I recall correctly. That said, I fudged on the rules as hard as I could to not charge people. And I got talked to about it several times.
On the other hand, I've gone into trips *knowing* I was in for a bad, if therapeutic, time. And boy howdy did they deliver on both fronts.
I recently had a customer leave a scrap of paper behind containing his modest grocery list. Among the items mentioned, one stood out: Cat sand. *Cat sand.* That's what he calls kitty litter. And now, that's what I'm calling it, too.
&gt;\**Generalizations Intensify**
You ever suddenly swallow a weird lump out of the back of your throat, and wondered, 'hey, I haven't eaten recently, where'd that come from?' No? Then you've probably never had a tonsil stone. I've gotten them occasionally since I was a kid. Nowadays I drink too much water to let them form or something.
I've been unironically saying that I, for one, welcome our new robot overlords for years.
The court ordered variety who does a *bang up* job, I'm sure.
Seymour! The house is on fire!
Fuck yeah, OP. Beans in the smoker is one of life's greater pleasures--particularly once you get to adding already smoked meats to 'em. Bacon is my go to, but I recently had the opportunity, during consecutive smoke sessions, to make a small portion of brisket flat and set it aside for the next day's beans. And let me tell you: that shit was amazing. You know you're doing it right when people who don't like baked beans are going back for seconds. ;)
Yeah, King's Field is like if From made Skyrim in 1994 on PSX era hardware. It's bananas that it existed at all, given those limitations.
Except there's no good reason *not* to have it--it's universal for every build. That's a waste stat. At the very least it's redundant; endurance and vitality are both already there. Why have one more stat that feels mandatory?
I actually enjoyed all the souls games, even the second one. I didn't like adaptability because it feels like it fucks with one's ability to git gud. Dodging is something of a bedrock mechanic in the series, and having to level it up just to bring it on par with how it worked in the last game seemed like a daft move on their part.
Edgy teens are pretty trashy, aren't they? Shame it's a phase pretty much everyone goes through.
I hate parrying in the souls games, generally, because it never feels natural. *I* feel like my timing is right on the money, but the game never agrees.
It all feels like thought crime. Word crime, I suppose? I grew up in the south, so yeah, I've heard some pretty racist shit humor at house parties on a fairly consistent basis. News flash: lots of people think and say terrible things on the regular. Should they all lose their livelihood and be thrown out on the street for it? Just how vicious are we progressives going to be about all this? Aren't we supposed to be the compassionate, forgiving ones? The internet, and this sub in particular, increasingly feels like the two minutes of hate stretched to infinity. And I grow increasingly weary of it.
This is why you have a potluck *organizer* whose job it is to get people to commit to a dish they intend to bring.
***Serengeti***
Seriously. A hippo is more likely to bite you in half than not. Or snap off a limb like it's a dead branch.
Eh. The lion would bite you by the neck and choke/bleed you out. It's like a really rough sleeper hold. Might also get a broken neck and go out immediately. I'd take any of that over a body-crushing mauling any day.
Again, an insult. Nothing of substance. *Because you got nothin'*.
So you think you're immune from someone else having a gun, then? Because that's what it sounds like.
I suppose my tone wasn't outrage-y enough; I don't agree with any of that. I'm aghast that it's being used against people to relieve them of their legally purchased firearms. If anything, I'm dejected that it seems to be *working*, in a horribly fucked up, dystopian kind of way.
*your ^^^^^^/s
I guess that depends on just how sick your food made people, and to what extent they seek monetary recompense.
Terry could paint a better self portrait than this.
Guess I should have committed.
Still can't put a corporation in prison, though. That'll be the day we fix *everything*.
'Less about', 'more about.' I mean, it's right there. You quoted it, for fuck's sake.
I feel like this is the point that keeps sailing right over people's heads.
Also, anything that falls under your car seat.
Naw, he's white Vision now.
Interestingly, the worst gun laws came about well over a century after the Civil War--the time and place where an overthrow almost happened. It's like, even back then, the government recognized the importance of an armed citizenry, even when one nearly kicked over the Federal government.
My roommate woke me up at 7:30 am with the riding lawnmower outside my bedroom window. Then he proceeded to blast freshly cut, damp, grass all over my parked car. This is the guy who left a passive aggressive note for me to find because I left the living room fan on overnight (two extra hours, it turned out). Also got a note for leaving a rinsed cereal bowl on his hand drying towel, which he leaves laying flat on the counter next to the sink. It's frustrating. Sorry, had to vent.
My friend, while not a dwarf, suffers from a similar condition, with the same kind of deformation of his hands and bones. He has a huge cock. Boy was *blessed*, and he got more action than anyone I know growing up because he could spit game like a pro and had the dong to back it up. Hope that helps.
Derp. Thanks for the clarification!
I say it in German because I heard it that way in Who Framed Roger Rabbit as a kid and it stuck for some reason.
For real. More official, too.
Fuck, man, I have this shit on a t-shirt. *That I'm wearing today.*
Colby Jack cheese, yeah.
[Pornhub got dat shit.](https://www.pornhub.com/view_video.php?viewkey=ph558d3712532e5) NSFW, obviously.
I can't speak for any other Floridians, but I tended to stay the fuck out of natural bodies of water that weren't crystal clear springs. And you still see them in there, too, sometimes--but at least you *can* see them. Though a buddy of mine's sister had her arm bitten off by a gator while swimming down a ways from a spring head. She's alive and well these days, but god damn. Bit of a personal reminder that nature is scary.
If there's no trees, go serpentine! Zig zag patterns confuse it and it's not agile enough on land to respond to you running laterally to it.
Me... too...? Friend of mine made copies when we were but children, recorded directly from the OVA's playing on TV. I'm such a dork for this stuff I got the BGC table-top books Talsorian (Makers of Cyberpunk, it should be said) put out.
You generally want to avoid the english translations of the original as well, to be honest. It sounds shittier in English because they also redubbed the sound effects, which come across flatter and garbage sounding. Hell, some effects just got dubbed over and never replaced. So lazy.
Isn't it convenient they wear black masks?
Why, he's tearing up, the poor bugger!
Well, that depends on *how* hot we're talking. If it's spicy enough, it'll be "liquid hot metal juice".
Never saw it/read it. But I'm not surprised that it's not an original idea.
If I can't have fame... *I'll take infamy*.
Right on, man. Myself, I beat Orphan and Maria on my first tries, but I died like ten+ times to that one anchor-shark-boi. Like, what even? At some point along the way, this game finds the thing you're weak at and exploits it.
I mean, this counts.
Yep. Username definitely checks out.
Yeah, last I checked, jailing and killing your opponents qualifies as bonafide.
Or she just figures she should be more careful next time?
The fact is: we come in and kick over people's sandcastles and insist on rebuilding them with our own people in charge of oversight thereafter. You can call that whatever you want. I know how I feel about it.
Well, no, because *we* kicked over their sandcastle. That's why they're rebuilding--we did that. Then we come in like the Mafia and make them an offer they can't refuse. Because if they do, this keeps happening.
He *could* be a Brit ex-pat, to be fair.
Ultimately, the reasoning doesn't matter so much as the result. The backlash this causes might have the unintentional effect of *softening* people's views on Scientology because this sort of thing must be the domain of the criminally deranged Scientology haters, right? And no one's views on that awful 'church' should ever soften.
*[OP's finger hovering over delete button intensifies]*
Jesus, South Park did an amazing episode about it quite some time ago. Get with it, man.
Oh my god, *thank you.*
Go buy the remaster and maybe they'll make it.
Whole lot of journalists turning up dead these days.
He'd already threatened a woman with that knife, which is where Baskin Robbins dude took action; he was saving a life. I'm sure he was *pissed*. I know I'd be, especially if I'd disarmed the guy, gave him a chance to leave, and he still came back for more. Yeah, I'd fight him at that point, too.
Well, damn. That's just amazing.
When we were little, we were told about our permanent records and how what we did was going in them--little did any of us know that the adults bullshitting us at the time would be right. And here we are filling out the details in it every day.
G̷̷̡̛̫̳̦̮̺͞ợ͖̺̜̬̥͔̱̘͚͓͠͡ͅt̸̨̘̼̪̻̣̪̟̦͕̼̩̥̠̤̟́ͅt͏̶̨̦̠̺̪̫̞̲͔̣̘ͅa̴̡͏͖̲͍͍̟̫͇̲͇̣̳̠͡ͅͅ ͘͟͏͖͈̤̹̱̘̪̬͙̩̝̣͚͜g̹̲͓͍͓̀͡͞ͅo̶̶͓̻̱̘̰̭̦͖ ̛͏̶͕̗̹̬͈̳̖̗̪́f̵̼̗̝̤̦͟a̡̫̲̖̩̠̼̩̭̟̫͉̣̻̕͢s҉̛̞̼͇̜̲̜͚̞t̶̴͖͇͕̩͉͍͓̣̮̰̝͙̟̮͝͡
But then you're faced with corps as bad or worse than the government you've neutered. And *no* accountability because they're too big to be reined in economically or they've already bought off the remaining members of said weakened government. That's how you get Bladerunner.
It's really more that the agencies in charge of preventing monopolies and oligopolies were compromised and neutered in the first place. As a result, the ISP's are able to get what they want. They have the money to lobby for it legally, besides, and have been doing so for decades. It is the role of government to police bad faith acting corporations and take them to task. It's worked in the past, but these days even saying the words 'anti-trust' provokes eye rolls and scoffs. Instead we fine them, which become operating costs and serve no deterrence. The foxes guard the henhouse.
Colion Noir would like a word.
Actually, it *was* back when it was Ronald Reagan, governor of California, signing legislation that began all this gun control stuff. See, right-wingers didn't like groups like the Black Panthers marching around open-carry, and so, it was banned. This was the start, but not the end. Saturday Night Specials, a popular handgun with the poorer (and blacker) communities, were outlawed as well. Nowadays, the torch is carried by well-intentioned, if naive, liberals who see guns as scary and dangerous and think *no one* should have them; like my dad. But you know what they say about the road to Hell, right?
For real--everyone knows it's usually the non-UPS/Fedex drivers that steal shit. Source: Laptop was never delivered, though it was marked as such, and they never even approached the door.
While I appreciate the sentiment, I feel like the addition of that picture has kind of a 'hate this person' aspect to it, which I appreciate less.
r/Rickandmorty
It must be so refreshing to wake up every day and see the world in solid black and white like that.
It seems that mutually contradictory beliefs are part and parcel of just about any far end of the ideological spectrum.
The best atheists are really agnostics.
I've gone back and forth with this guy before. The answer is 'no'. Just tag him appropriately (I have him as 'Antichoice/SecretlyAnti2A') and move on would be my recommendation.
I just think it's a shame that in this day and age we have so many women who want their asses licked and men who'd love nothing more than to do it, and despite all this, seemingly no efficient way to effectively match them up. We're using the internet wrong or something.
Just in awe.
My friend's driveway had cracks conveniently forming the squares in a haphazard, if usable, manner. One of the squares was just a little larger than the rest, so we put the best player there as a sort of handicap.
I'd imagine that the only thing really differentiating the human experience from that of most other complex creatures is our capacity for abstract--and thus, forward and backward--thinking. Animals like dogs clearly feel fear, joy, pleasure, pain, loss, and so on. Maybe you should move away from the notion that animals are akin to alien life--unknowable and inscrutable? Science certainly has been of late, and I'd argue, only held that idea in the first place to morally justify the continued use of experimentation on them.
[This is *not* happiness, as per Snopes.](https://www.snopes.com/fact-check/what-happiness-looks-like/) &gt;Because this picture shows an artist’s visualization of a kinesin protein in a white blood cell and not a myosin protein in a neuron, and it is not an actual video but a representation, we rate the claim that this picture is a visual representation of “happiness” as false.
So Porgs are just Toucans without a beak?
How does submitting to r/bestof work? Because I feel this belongs.
Which you'd likely have to storm their compound to accomplish. Duh?
Oh look, an alt.
Banning because of IP nonsense is garbage. I just lost a 6 y/o account on Empornium for something similar.
I remember just replacing my sound file with a blank one to solve this problem once and for all.
Yes, but not the bacteria's shit, which is the toxic part.
Man, I'd be curious to read more about that.
And blatantly more unconstitutional.
Great, so now I'm going to have to keep a roll of electric tape on my person at all times just to counter what I now, overly paranoid, believe to be spy cameras in every charging plug.
*So* many people do. Hell, statistically speaking, at least one of your friends has. Maybe even a parent.
Which one? :D
Donny was the most important character for this reason alone. His reach and slow deployment meant his weapon was out longer and, thus, made enemies easier to hit. Raphael was fodder for the non-action levels or exploration.
Didn't stop me from 100% all three paths and getting all the secrets, though.
Ehhhh, no. System Shock 1 and 2 were things *well* before Bioshock arrived, and were very much the stepping stones to getting there. And they were more technically complex games to boot. Now, if you were to make the case that 'dumbing things down' is what it was ahead of the curve on... maybe you'd be onto something.
System Shock 1 and 2 got there first.
&gt; Submissions relating to business and politics must be sufficiently within the context of technology in that they either *view the events from a technological standpoint or analyse (sic) the repercussions in the technological world.* I'd say it's fostering discussion toward the latter... *if you let it.*
I'm on your side, bud. ;)
It goes back to that ol' one-upmanship that is so emblematic of this site and human interaction in general.
You know, how do we know that *isn't* what's going down and we simply lack the instruments to see reality being peeled back and Eldritch beings siphoning off our crucial life juices?
My theory on why 2-D's eyes are suddenly white (like ghost-possessed Russel) is that Murdoc found a way to possess him and lead the band as the now famous and irreplaceable front man. The video to Tranz in particular seems to suggest something of the sort.
["--Or take the firearms first, and then go to court," -- Donald J. Trump, 45th POTUS.](https://www.c-span.org/video/?c4716589/trump-take-guns-first-due-process-second) Doesn't seem so simple these days, does it?
To be fair, he *is* bad. Like, the worst president in the last century, bad. His corruption and dirty dealing put Nixon to shame. But that's not enough. Clearly.
I'm a liberal gunowner--I care about bump stocks. I didn't think I did, because I thought it was about the bump stock itself. But it's not. It's about the nature and ease with which they were banned. Loophole or no, proper procedure needs to be followed to make sure everything is above board and constitutional. This wasn't.
It's also the name of the first Incubus album.
Depends. How rich? And did they piss off someone on a higher rung?
Opposed isn't even the right word... emphatically disinterested, maybe? There's apathy so thick it's like a fog, until some kind of high profile fuckup happens and everyone calls for that shitty officer's head and then maybe he gets put on leave or fired, maybe not, and then things go right back to people just doing fuck all.
That whole movie is secretly a Junji Ito manga, I swear.
Its penis.
Which means paying other countries to store it. Not a great long term solution.
The guns are already here, and there are about 350+ million of them. Where do you propose they all go? How would we even *begin* to rein that in without trampling all over the constitution and everyone's rights? More to the point, in the mean time, all the law abiding citizens are being disarmed, not criminals. You can see where this presents something of an asymmetrical power balance between the law abiding and criminals, right?
Hasn't everyone figured out by now that these sorts of people are always the biggest perpetrators of whatever it is they're complaining *everybody else does*, right?
Womp womp.
This might explain why I threw up the other night about half an hour after I took a painkiller to help the headache I was having from the acid I took. It did look like there was blood in there, tbh.
Could be alien drones. /shrug
GM cheating is fine, so long as it's to benefit the players. Myself, I'd make *them* roll through the tower, but I'd be concealing my own. Tough titty, it's for their benefit.
Well, that's nice and all, but technically this sub is international, and there may be some Aussies for whom this matters more. Myself, I'm tired of hearing about Australia, too--I'm tired of hearing how it's some gun control paradise and that mass shootings can't *ever* happen there anymore because of it. Seeing this sort of tragedy underlines how wrong the people claiming that are. That's the only reason it gets brought up; it's an important part of the narrative surrounding the effectiveness (or, rather, lack thereof) of these laws.
Still better than being a neckbeard. Also, more likely to get laid.
Hells yeah, man. o7 I'm sitting pretty at 1.4 billion credits... I *could* go get my 'Conda and kit it out. But I'm also about 85% away from Elite in Explorer. So that Founder's System is looking pretty tantalizing and I'm thinking I might just wait till then. I'll have a couple more billion by that point, most likely.
Hey, fair call. Escalation isn't always the best way forward. At least you had the option.
That's... really saying something. This was the guy super into sex magic, after all.
Found the scientologist. Hey, you kiss Xenu with that mouth?
Looks like Bernoulli Vision in Caeritis.
And now you've committed eyessault.
♫ *This is how you get painted as a terr-or-ist* ♬ Also, they're never going door-to-door. They don't have to. Just a high profile example here and there to scare everybody into submission. Why crank the temperature to high all of a sudden when it's easier to boil a frog slowly?
I'm... actually impressed.
That's not necessarily true. There are people who can be reached, and we should always try to in good faith. It's how I switched sides on the topic.
Yeah. We have to elect people who won't try to restrict those rights. But who? Because it seems like both sides want them gone these days; one just plays along like they love the 2A when it's time to win votes, but they fold when it comes time for *them* to vote. Not sure where you get that I'm a FUDD from. Is it because I'm not waving my dick around online and shouting molan labe or something? And AR15's are just fine. Seems like all the cool kids are getting something that shoots creedmoor, though.
You're gonna miss it under the Chinese one that takes its place.
Pssst... hey, there's still lead in most of *our* pipes, too.
This really should be higher up. The earrings look like bolts in the neck and er'rything.
Better get while the gettin' is good--you know that nerf is coming.
Black monoliths are sexier, besides. Why does everyone want their pc to look like a kids light up toy?
"We don't rock no bitch ass pyjama pants!" [Looks down at pajama pants] Awww....
To be fair, all job postings look like this now. Seems like you have to join 'em since no one is beatin' 'em.
Uhhh, what do you think all rebounds are, exactly?
I've done this literal thing for my parents' cat, Murray, using a patio chair. It's a winning move.
I'd have eaten that fruit, too--shit, I'd have done whatever it takes to get tf out of wherever the hell that is.
Haim Saban is one of them. Yes, that Saban; the man that brought Power Rangers stateside.
Gonna have to agree to disagree there. First thing I thought when I saw this girl was, "Damn that's a Sasha Grey ass if ever there was one."
Window upvoters.
So this is why Apple got rid of the aux port...
....Ooooor that's just another layer of the fetish. And it's almost like the things people get off to aren't up to them or something?
Welcome to the human race. You must have just gotten here.
I have a question for you: You reckon your opinion on this carries more weight than the preponderance of scientific inquiry on the topic of human sexuality? Cuz you *kinda* act like it does. What with all the thought crime you're accusing Reddit of.
That sounds even better.
https://files.eric.ed.gov/fulltext/EJ1141582.pdf Some good reading.
So what's your ask? What would you propose we *do* about people having rape fantasies and wanting to see them depicted for titillating purposes? Because, far as I can see, we're already walking the line best we can. Too far in either direction it becomes tyranny--of the mind or the body--and neither is good.
You misunderstand--he's simply labeling himself and his opposition simultaneously by using that word. He doesn't *realize* that's what he's doing, poor thing, but he is.
It's specifically nerve tissue, which the brain has the most of.
I see your subtle /s.
Uh, they're not always victims. Teenagers have agency, too, and refusing to acknowledge that underage people are sometimes the aggressors and lie about their age *is a fucking problem*. You're setting up people for some weird entrapment with societal rules like that. And it does happen. A girl I know was telling me how she used to chase dudes in their twenties when she was *13*. She didn't care that it could get them in trouble, because she was excited about the prospect. Fucked up? Very much so. But it happens, despite our pretending it doesn't.
Fact is, both people where were they wanted to be. There's this drive to always make a victim out of underage sex participants, and it ignores the realities inherently on display. That propaganda be strong, tho. It's like we all simultaneously forget our horny teenage ways when we hit adulthood or something... That's the way society acts, anyway. Forever shocked--SHOCKED--that someone under 18 was engaged in some kind of coitus. Now, it seems Drake *does* have tendencies toward preferring them young. I can forgive a guy for not checking a girl's ID when she comes up on stage during a performance--not so much the grooming and 'call me back, gurl,' after he learns her age later. Drake appears to be a creep, all in all.
You've just called like half of everyone in entertainment a predator. Which, for all we know, may be true. But it dilutes the potency of the word when just about everybody belongs to that club, don't it? Fact is, human nature is predatory. Take a look at the industrial scale exploitation the world over and try to remain surprised that so many are terrible.
And yet, this food tastes like it needs a lot more. Weird.
[This is the man Trump was involved with all through the 2016 campaign. Seems more like sour grapes and/or tying up loose ends to me.](https://www.reddit.com/r/worldnews/comments/ekmgjt/z/fdcl87s)
&gt;What's True &gt;Mass killings of civilians by military dictatorships in the 1900s were more often than not preceded by the confiscation of firearms from targeted populations, a task made easier by laws requiring the registration and/or licensing of privately-owned weapons. &gt;What's False &gt;"Gun control" isn't synonymous with gun confiscation; in some cases where genocide occurred, gun restriction laws had already been in place for many years prior, and evidence does not demonstrate a causal link between gun control and mass exterminations. Lol. So they're saying a *causal* link isn't there, but, it just so happens that these atrocities *did* occur during **periods where civilians were restrained or prevented from firearm ownership**. K.
[Read my comment above yours.](https://www.reddit.com/r/2ALiberals/comments/em8bp5/were_not_going_to_go_door_to_door_and_confiscate/fdo2di1/)
I think you may have just helped me discover a new fetish.
Where you think that cancer *came from*? Don't piss off the Magician's Alliance.
Just... he's not, like... more *evil* now, is he? Didn't emerge from near a cemetery, right? Just making sure.
It's smaller, so the horizon looks unnaturally closer than it should, and there's no atmosphere. Mercury doesn't have one, either, but I don't think we can actually land anything on it since it's too close to the sun. Well, properly land--Messenger doesn't count, as it was crashed on purpose.
Lining up political opponents against a wall (and executing them) has a storied history of usage over the last century. And that's what I read out of it. /shrug
-Samuel L Jackson in 'A Time To Kill'.
I feel like OP should find out and share the results... for science.
But, like, who is it?
"Mmm, delicious hand meat." -Elvis
But not this well.
[A spoonful weighs a ton.](https://youtu.be/mVsyJtCsqeA)
How about an S9?
Just curious. You ever run across someone on here that you wonder to yourself about, 'What makes that person get up every morning?' Besides, a cursory glance at your public profile is hardly stalking.
No, see, he wants his guards and the police armed, because they answer to him or someone he knows.
&gt;It's a society of "opinions". "Well, that's just my opinion." He said on Reddit.
Uhhhh...? Deadpool? Violence can be pretty hilarious.
*Mother of God...* /removes shades
...To the extent they have to be. Clearly, there are lines.
[Samsung is releasing one for $499.](https://www.usatoday.com/story/tech/2020/01/12/samsung-galaxy-xcover-pro-removable-battery-499/4449040002/)
&lt;Kevin Spacey liked that&gt;
Good ol' Mandy Muse.
They wouldn't use nukes, but they might use drones.
Tbf, that's something both sides engage in. Republicans, for example, changed the filibuster laws to make it easier for themselves when they were entirely in power. Now that Dems want to use those new rules against them, they hate it and it's unconstitutional and how dare they! Study some history. You'll see a lot of this. See also: gerrymandering.
Property = livelihood. And it's not like pot growers can properly insure their crop. And what would you advocate? Letting thieves take what they want? "Welp, they called my bluff!" Fuck that. Call the police? Oh yeah, they'll make it there in time! Better hope the thief doesn't mean any harm! That a bet you'd be willing to take? Why, it's almost like you're not thinking about this from a perspective of it happening to you...?
You're not looking at it per state--where the funding occurs and where partisan policy reigns supreme. Looking at big numbers nationally hides what I'm talking about. It also has more to do with education being on the discretionary side of budgeting, which makes it an easy target when shortfalls occur. Something else Republicans do, which I despise, is attempt to compare private schools directly with public ones--for one, tuition is a factor. And the *entire reason* we devised a public education system was to improve society as a whole, so as to prevent a have's and have-not's situation with regard to education. By all metrics, a more educated society is a better one. Republicans, it seems meanwhile, are totally fine with letting the disadvantaged and less immediately gifted get the shaft, broadly speaking, as that's what putting public funding into charter and private schools *does*; we're essentially giving tax breaks to the rich, out of tax-funded coffers, at the expense of everyone else.
No, no, see, you're not getting it. Does the guy always going on about how big his dick is actually have a big dick? Of course not.
Right. The people that could utter a word and have Secret Service do it--*those people* have power. Thing is, we don't really know that they exist, do we?
Actually, thinking about it... when was the last time Trump went abroad? Time for a comparison: [Times Trump traveled internationally abroad: 18 total in his four year term, so far.](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/List_of_international_presidential_trips_made_by_Donald_Trump) [Times Obama traveled internationally abroad: 110 in his eight years as president.](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/List_of_international_presidential_trips_made_by_Barack_Obama) Hmm. Also, the answer: He went to the UK back in early December of 2019. Prior to that, he went to Afghanistan in November. Prior to that? France in August. He's not the most well-traveled, is he?
*For now*. Hence my dig at not studying history.
Sounds like fertile grounds for oppression to me. But, hey, if you work in law enforcement, it's true--you can simply turn a blind eye to supposed crimes of this nature. You've got that discretion as an LEO.
Fun fact: rubber bullets, pre-firing, would likely function quite well as ear-plugs, particularly in 9mm. Source: You can use regular bullets, tip pointing out, in your ears and they fit quite nicely.
That's true, but it's still a separate issue, and it's simple enough to defeat with a couple layers of security. We *should* be drawing a line between self-violence and violence against others--it's only useful to conflate the two when you're trying to pad the numbers.
Much obliged.
Fair enough. At least you get points for consistency, as they summarily *do not*.
Did we all forget that the Ewoks were getting ready to cook them up some human till C-3PBOSS went and convinced them he was an elder deity?
I'm glad I found this as close to the top as I did, because... yeah. Though I'm not sure how much I give a crap about the kitten.
/r/dgu You're projecting your lack of knowledge and insecurity about guns on me, while simultaneously managing to be condescending. I'd ask you to stop, but see... *I was just like you once.* I hope you find your way out of those woods. The cognitive dissonance can be stifling.
Because a lion is much more likely to kill you than a person you know? Because that's their nature? Because that person next to you asleep with a gun could end up the only thing standing between you and a home intruder? Did you even bother to look at that subreddit I linked? Because I really think you should. Above all, lack of knowledge precedes fear. And you *definitely* are afraid of something that's merely a tool--used for good and ill in fairly equal measure.
&gt; How many times a year do your home gets intruded on that you need a lethal weapon? All it takes is one time. You may not survive it.
Fuck. I completely forgot about that weird ass Spirit movie. Though, I don't think I could ever walk out of anything Nicholas Cage is in.
Used to be we'd go have ourselves a nice little mob to deal with parasites like this.
I feel like you could have lead with the fact he has clones.
If he couldn't see past his death, he wouldn't have seen the scenario where they won. Because he was dead for that, right up until he wasn't.
Depends on how close to exactly five years later they are.
As others have been saying, the space stone likely would have invalidated that method of attack.
It looks awesome. But he's never getting anal with a dick that fat.
For real. Who do they think they're fooling? Babies come out of there.
So... the Timekeeper. What's up with her, anyway? Is she the reason you/we keep doing this over and over?
That movie just got *slightly* less outlandish.
Having been to the doctor for a uti, the answer is 'only slightly, and with much wailing'.
[Same with HPV.](https://my.clevelandclinic.org/health/diseases/11901-hpv-human-papilloma-virus) &gt;HPV that affects the genitals is very common. Approximately 79 million Americans are currently infected with HPV, with roughly 14 million people becoming newly infected each year. Most men and women — about 80 percent of sexually active people — are infected with HPV at some point in their lives, but most people never know they have the virus.
Is... is that because he's cooking pork with them and it's floating in the water...?
Very firmware.
I say that... I said it once.
Worth mentioning that Trump just gave the all clear for companies to start nakedly dumping toxic stuff in our rivers and streams again.
The story so scary everyone pretends they didn't see it.
Is that why I always see three squad cars when someone's pulled over nowadays?
What part of "they were in the area" don't you get? That must mean they have --gasp!-- overlapping patrol routes? Besides, if they were short-staffed they wouldn't have three squad cars on a single speeder as a matter of course. I see them everywhere. There is no shortage. Maybe it's different where you live, but that's how it be where I'm from.
Sub's popularity is going to go up *quite a bit* after this hits.
Plus Vibranium Man doesn't have the same iconic ring to it.
Child slave? Honestly, the way some parents espouse their toxic bs, that's probably not too far off the mark.
Crime hard enough and they want to make you CEO.
Well then let's find these motherfuckers and throw the book at them. What good is our surveillance state if it can't pick up a few shitty race-war instigators?
happy Cake day
That's a lot of talk of 'domination'.
&gt;lol that's some peak hypocrisy FTFY
&gt;It doesn't have the original cast But Taika Watiti and Jermaine Clement are both deeply involved in the writing and directing of the show! It's so good, watch it, everybody reading this.
Think about the tiki torch assholes from yesteryear. Did they get this treatment?
&gt;The only people doing the damage are white people. Works a bit better, since you're not calling white people 'people of color' which is typically reserved for everybody but whites.
In D2 culture, this is considered a dick move.
Ohhhh, that explains why it just sort of showed up--I thought I'd grabbed it at some point.
I have to think the nature of the protests (against the police) have quite a bit of bearing on the way police react to the protestors (violently). That's probably motivating quite a lot of this viciousness. It was the same way after Rodney King.
I could see that--Broderick isn't exactly cartoon-y in appearance or demeanor. French Stewart definitely is.
That whole article felt like it didn't need to exist, and that it couldn't articulate with any specificity what about Dawson's vagina was so offensive. "It's a plot point, and it's crass, and uh... the men didn't have to show their dong, yeah! Where's the dong?!" Whoever wrote that has some baggage they haven't dealt with, man.
I'd like to know which 'historians' the author of that article consulted to determine they were 'misunderstood'.
https://i.imgur.com/EIQrBjF.gif
These people don't appreciate a good celeb bush when they see one anymore. We're spoiled.
H' mgvulgtlagln! ahf' epgoka cahff llll shugnah?! Y' bugnahor llll ehye!
This is what petty tyranny looks like. Some portion of them are acting like any good narcissist and crossing all sorts of lines to maintain dominance and punish people expressing resentment of their behavior. [And dominance was the word of the day when Trump gave the marching orders.](https://www.rev.com/transcript-editor/shared/awfUti3dZCb5RcsqVZAiYTIuD7gcfvFBnJChmpDZ_b1g-RtdwaqOTVas1nAlQ7il116BrzMnGsTPfpTZAr14xkVUqxs?loadFrom=PastedDeeplink&amp;ts=0.26&amp;hasReloaded=true)
Never forget though: *bOtH sIdEs ArE tHe sAmE!!!1*
It's like the police union's position is, 'hey, fuck society for wanting to see murderers brought to justice,' or something.
Or how many times they'll make you pull the trigger. :\
I call those people 'Elmyra'.
Counterpoint: We have to reward positive changes when they're made if you want to see more of them.
Turns out, 4k content is pretty big.
I know how to run a business, at least. Making a computer survive aquatic conditions, though? No way.
Don't give them any ideas.
And I'm over here with my pc not working because I tried to rebuild it last night and it won't post. Fml
[This is her.](https://www.imdb.com/name/nm6462650/)
The extent to which algorithms seem to be driving apart Society is something that clearly needs to be addressed.
I feel like I should have come back and learned mining. Ah well.
That'd be some Ω-D Chess, right there.
And she looks like she'd have ended up on a train to Auschwitz, herself. Ironicmeme.jpg
The 'Most Likely To Be Mistaken For An Alien' award goes to...
Roses are dead, baby cows are veal I really need to know if this is indeed real.
You have to brace the whole thing with your left, though--which means it's holding all the resistance in place. Try firing a bow some time, you'll see what I mean.
Sorry, I didn't mean to imply it would. I'm just saying your left arm has to do a lot of work, too. It isn't all just on your right one.
You first, *patriot*.
Arguing chances of something *I'd* do versus something *someone else I have no control over* would do isn't exactly a fair comparison, is it, though? I'd rather plan contingencies for things I have little to no control over; wouldn't you?
I'm noticing that, of the Republican majority states, the ones that buck the trend of obesity--Alaska, Utah, Montana, Idaho, South Dakota, and Wyoming--are all 'more rugged', wilderness-dominated places. Seems there might be a correlation.
Is it fair to say it makes you safer from the threat of outside incursion if not from accidental deaths as a result of having it? Because it seems so. And, again: I can control for the latter, not for the former. Now's also a good time to point out that using statistics this way--to convince people they're a greater danger to themselves and can't trust themselves to do the right thing--carries a whiff of gas-lighting.
The real LPT is in the... wait, where are we again...?
Feel like MS should stick to white and Sony to black.
Mines's Meatloaf--cuz I would do anything for love but I won't do that.
Who you trying to convince?
You can also piss water because your salt levels are too low and more water is harmful to the balance your body needs to survive. And you may not realize it because you're still goddamn thirsty for some reason. Just a heads up.
For most people. Those with a more sensitive palate tend to pick up on the (huge to us) differences in taste between them. I don't drink filtered-through-a-Brita water because it tastes like I'm drinking the charcoal that's used to filter it, for example. And straight from the tap? Uh, I'm good. I've known some water treatment plant workers, and the horror stories they shared have put the fear of tap in me. Aquafina? Too... dry? Like it leaves my throat dryer than it was, which is weird. Dasani? Tastes like fart. Zephyrhills? As much as I hate Nestle, they turn out a consistently decent bottle of water that is as close to neutral as I can tell. Those fuckers.
And here I was late to the party slowly grinding menagerie discounts so I could splurge and buy all the tributes. Guess that was pointless. That's really my only complaint about all this: I won't have gotten to enjoy all of this content before it's gone.
And how they'd have penises.
Sure, *on a small gaming monitor.* But I'm running my rig on a large TV, where I can see a substantial difference between 1080p, 1440p, and 2160p.
In many states, a 16 year old can date/marry up to a 24 year old, assuming parental consent. People in America don't even know their own laws about what's legal and what isn't and instead just act shocked and disgusted any time anybody under 18 is attractive because, "Not me! I'd never!" Everyone doth protest too much, methinks.
&gt;Sorry you are offended that some of us don’t find 16 year olds attractive. If anyone seems offended it's you, man. Again: you doth protest too much.
This is the way.
Sure, there's a setting: It's called 'change the wifi password and don't give it to your tv'. Then, be a clever rabbit and hook up a PC to that "smart" TV to make it a whole lot smarter and *also* better at taking orders. ;)
And this is why you should be armed and trained if you're single/live alone. And *especially* if you're a woman. The world is pretty safe right up until is *very suddenly* isn't. Best to be prepared.
I can't figure that thing out to save my life. I think it needs a dumbed down easy mode for rubes like me.
It's being patched tomorrow.
Quite the appropriate username.
No, and I'm honestly just being cheeky anyway. This is something I've noticed online, is all. When the subject of murder comes up, people don't seem as compelled to trip all over themselves in order to publicly declare it wrong and evil. But the subject of teens? Man oh man. People have to get it out there, like, in case the CIA is watching or something. It is a *fear* people have. Tells you something about the nature and gravity of the taboo, I suppose.
I say the same thing about my penis. ;)
&gt;but not headphone jack Doin' us dirty, Asus.
Bigoted contexts tend to trump harmless ones.
This is so weird--I was just talking about how Babylon 5 never got the HD re-release treatment of other shows from the era due to its odd formatting and CG implementation (if memory serves). Like, maybe three days ago? Strange coincidence, man.
I would guess that those 'documented negatives' are, at best, correlations, and that we've no way to tell if it's the dog wagging the tail or the other way around. Does porn make people sad? Or do sad people gravitate toward something that offers a quick dopamine hit? Maybe both? My counter is, of course, that *anything* in excess tends to produce some form of long term depression, and is a sign of deeper issues not being dealt with.
Because their mission isn't to be a mouthpiece/propaganda-machine for the most dastardly members of the Republican party. Like Fox's is.
We are, and our comments are about Republicans, whose actions are the subject of this entire thread. &gt;You don't understand conservatism. You said that. That's how this got started.
Like Kent State was?
So... have *you* ever gone rifling through someone's old pictures? Because you sound project-y af.
No need! Here's the real life analogue being cooked up in a lab. &gt;Sandia’s materials science team has engineered a platinum-gold alloy believed to be the most wear-resistant metal in the world. It’s 100 times more durable than high-strength steel, making it the first alloy, or combination of metals, in the same class as diamond and sapphire, nature’s most wear-resistant materials. https://share-ng.sandia.gov/news/resources/news_releases/resistant_alloy/
[The Paradox of Tolerance.](https://i.redd.it/uedawtfzqbgz.jpg)
A well trained anus can grip you as well as any closed hand, I've learned. It *is* a muscle.
&gt; God forbid that we don't want to wear a mask for 2 hours. Said during an escalating-again-Pandemic, which is happening because people wouldn't wear their fucking masks.
Granted eyes but no wisdom--sad state of affairs.
And sometimes other people are projecting that bad vibe on others rather publicly for no reason. ¯\\\_(ツ)_/¯
It's frequently used by people who are hyper-sensitive *about their own feelings* and mistake that for being empathic.
No, see, the thing is there is a *public health concern*--the needs of the many are going to outweigh yours, man. That's just how society do. Don't like it? Enjoy eating some fines, and eventually--law willing--jail time for repeat offenders. Fuck all ya'll spreading this disease; people's deaths are on your maskless fucking face.
Seriously. That plus the relic that gives you infinite flight means I never really need a vehicle ever.
There'd be some delicous irony in it being the phony Democrat hoax virus that's totally not a big deal or even real that did him in, though.
[...](https://i.imgur.com/IhLC82p.jpg)
Like a Trump aide didn't go hastily write that ad themselves, ffs.
He gets the first six or so in there ultimately, and that thing is as big as his *wrist*. Why don't you give it a try sometime, see how that goes?
What would make a good alternative?
Suddenly RE5's muted color pallette doesn't look so unrealistic.
&gt;‘It is easier for a camel to go through the eye of a needle, than for a rich man to enter the kingdom of God’. --Matthew 19:24 Seeing as how camels *can't* pass through the eye of a needle...
"And he is very silly."
I think it's more likely they'd turn a blind eye to it while buying whatever flimsy excuses he cooked up, personally; that they'd ignore their instincts and hand-waive it all away because they know him. And honestly, that's how most people do, it isn't just a cop thing. The problem with corruption and nepotism is that everyone is capable of it.
They can both be.
You do know that Wal-Mart encourages its employees to take advantage of welfare and pays them just enough to make sure they clear the requirements, right?
That comes with its own host of problems. Do you want another French Revolution but here in the states? Because that's how you get another French Revolution but here in the states.
Your assumption that the down and out aren't armed or capable of agency is also pretty astounding. In a gun sub, no less. Surely you understand that you have to deal everyone in at the table or they'll eventually flip it? Or is it that you associate more with the ivory tower dwellers in general? You really *are* like the founding fathers, huh?
I think I see your problem: you assume you're above the usage of such government programs, would never have need of them, and that they are therefore a burden on your lifestyle (which you mistakenly believe to be synonymous with society). Which is exactly what some people who haven't experienced a catastrophic impairment of their abilities say right up until they become impaired and unable to work in some way. Then they cry, cry, cry. Hope that isn't gonna be you some day.
I do tend to think more favorably of cats I've just met than people. Maybe that is weird. But I feel that way because humans are demonstrably the most evil creature in existence. We're unpredictable and deceptive.
The problem is if you make viewing it the same criminally as doing it, you've created a disincentive for someone with only tendencies to ever admit that and get treatment. The end result would be more pedos getting away with it/continuing to feed their urges in the shadows. I think it gets overlooked how many of these people *know* they're sick, but fear what happens if they ever admit and seek help. As someone who got molested as a child, I would rather we treat those crimes as more serious than the mere viewing of it. That's where the real harm actually occurs.
Maybe. But we also have no proof he ever has or would actually molest anyone. I still think that needs to be carved out as being the most heinous crime. And that people should react accordingly. Personally, I just don't get as furious at/have the urge to murder a guy with a collection of videos as I do with a someone who has an actual child they molest and rape.
I've been using mods since day 1 and that's always been there for me. Related?
About 6 hours too late, I'm afraid. Gotta strike while the bread is hot.
