What school?
Is there a phonetic spelling of these in English?
True. I had a few ultrasounds. They were looking for fecaliths which is not quite the same.
My personal bet is "follow the money." Weed right now is not conducive to large business interests, not like the massive tobacco/alcohol lobbies. Plus, you can grow that shit in your yard and pay no one. You can't grow a Juul pod, pack of Camels, or Bud Lite.
Oh, I know. Weed as a product is not magically skirting the downsides of capitalism. I'm just saying it's *possible,* and that probably freaks out those that know it's not that bad AND who sell booze and tobacco. That's "Old Money" in America.
One thing that doesn't seem to be discussed... Are you gonna pay them to fix it? Thinking as an artist that's sold pieces, I feel like what you paid then covered what you got at that point. Anything new is new work. It shouldn't be a wild amount of money, just a bit to cover the time it might take.
Oh, you never know. People can be... people about things. Never hurts to check.
Cool beans! If someone asked me to change an old work, dangling some cash in front of me would soothe my feelings right quick.
You've never paid a medical bill. That might cover the ER visit.
X-actos, glue, frisket, and a steady hand. Coming up in the "zine" culture of the late 90s, we did a lot of that.
Darn you and your single-payer system!
Zoom in: &gt;!It says "tomorrow night!" Pretty sure it's a big joke. Better send me the address to make sure.!&lt;
You want a REAL answer? It's "yes."
It's not just dead, they play *sick and dead*. They drool, stagger, stiffen up weird. When I saw it in person, it was odd enough to throw me off. Still ate him, though.
Heh heh heh. They do act sick. That much is true.
Sometimes things just slip right by.
I've traveled through almost every state in the US, and no place loves to Texas the way Texas loves to Texas all over the place. Texas! Sorry, I don't know the real answer. I know that the "King Ranch" version of Fords is named after one of the largest ranches in the world.... In Texas. I would guess that because having the name of big states where you need big trucks sells trucks.
Who stuffed Caillou in that thing?
Katzenzugen?
Zenni.com is my favorite.
I would argue that this sub is for questions you feel dumb for asking, not a backhanded way to insult others and their drawings.
Y'all are missing a bit of logic so far: Drug dogs are there to find things that are HIDING. If you're in a legal state, ya just tell the cop you've got weed if the get the dog out. If you're in a legal state but you aren't supposed to have weed on you... You're still gonna get in trouble when they find it.
I can't imagine how bored some agent would be staring at me.
Antique leather saddle? That kid never had it so good.
My grandma might like this joke.
"Killing is my business, and business is gooooooood!"
Not exactly. "Sex" implies what you got in your pants. "Gender" implies how you act with what's in your pants. Since gender roles are essentially useless, people are acting more like they want to without regard for what guys or girls are "supposed" to do.
That's the joke.
Target has a *spa?!*
Well, the defense companies start making more money, so they can contribute more to the reelection. Trump's uh... "less educated" supporters tend to have a "just kill 'em all and let God sort 'em out" mentality. I'm sure they are excited.
Farnsworth had the "Finglonger." This? This is the "FingStronger."
Is that James Van Der Beek?
You figure it out. It's just an hour, after all. I lived in Louisville, KY before Indiana adopted Daylight Savings Time. For half the year, it was an hour different over in New Albany. The only problem I had was coworkers showing up late. "Uh, I forgot."
It's like they say, the brown eye is a window to the soul.
Those are in excellent condition for their age!
What a dumb scam. The amount of work, gas, and quality of things they would probably collect wouldn't create a profit. Let alone the lucrative profit that you should get while engaging in crime.
Can we get a nod to the Minutemen for Watt? He played for the Stooges, but the Minutemen and Firehose were the "big deals."
Think of these 18th and 19th century folks. They look at Africans and go "oh, you're black. Compared to you, I'm white." The end.
Simplicity means we go basic with language. Sky is blue, grass is green, this skin is white, this skin is black. People like speaking in simple terms.
I don't know what's right or wrong with that. I just know I'll eat any variety of shawarma, pita, falafel, hummus, gyro, or kebab you've got. I love food.
That Czarface album is banging. DOOM does mostly production.
[*Food Stamps and Drink Tickets* by Hickey](https://youtu.be/1SM6rBP3dEs) I'm an older punk, and this band blew my mind in the 90s. Still one of my all time favorites. Listen to the song, skip the answering machine bits unless you want to listen to threatening homophobic slurs from a bad ska punk band. It's a long story.
People question it ALL THE TIME. That's why there are so many *other* terms for people of color. But, in general, people are lazy. Reduce it to the simplest terms; black and white.
Hair differs from one part of the body to the next. Heck, it's different follicles on the front of your head and the back... That's why men go bald on top but not on the back and sides. But the shape of the hair and the follicle controls whether or not it curls. Round hair shafts tend to grow straight. Hair shafts that are "flatter" or more oval grow curly.
What, you think the whole world should be in awe? We're *okay,* but still capable of being ridiculed.
I'm trying the best way to tell you that you're totally wrong without being mean. But... you're wrong. Sorry. OP, there are plenty of people I know who skirt around traditional gender roles AND have successful relationships. It might be a matter of where and how you are looking, and who YOU are looking for. Are you hoping for the "girl next door," or are you open to women being as masculine as you are feminine? Someone is out there for you.
&gt;Police believe the couple planted a bicycle in their front yard and waited for someone to steal it. Once the bike was taken, the couple would rush from their house and assault the victim with a baseball bat. That is entrapment to play "hero." AKA an "asshole maneuver."
No, he's staying the night.
If you edit your comment, it ruins my joke! How DARE you!
It's [El KaBONG!](https://images.app.goo.gl/jQSbwTWakHAoV75g9)
I'm six foot three. Airplane seats are meant for people no taller than 5 foot 9.
Which is the fact that made me rethink the whole album. Without that, it IS just noise. Knowing it's repeatable makes it... Music?
"Pizzain't" if you're southern.
Watching videos of folks taking on 15-20 stairs, I think this helps AND the landing "squat" where you flex super deep at the knees to absorb more shock. I ain't no physicist, but rolling has to help a bit. Jumping into a flat landing with no forward momentum hurts worse, no matter how you land.
To measure disappointment?
Personally, I'm not offended. Gervais should be well-known by now for not giving a fuck and talking trash. I imagine that's exactly why he was hired. There have been points where it seems like Ricky takes the piss JUST to get on folks' nerves, like around subjects like atheism.
It's a good thing they aren't, since voltage and frequency aren't standardized either. It keeps people from plugging into the wrong power without adapters.
They buy cars quickly (on a 36 month loan or shorter) and keep them forever (10 years). The longer the loan, the more interest you pay to the bank.
Isn't the moon in space? Duh.
Generally pleasant, but I lead with a smile myself. Doesn't hurt to try!
Not me. I just get massive drops in mood instead of the steady burden of hopelessness. It also fucks up my sleep.
Easiest $5,000 I ever made.
Button. Then button, button, button, button and button. Levi's 501s.
It's food coloring, so yes. Don't test it unless she's dying to find out how much "fun" a yeast infection can be.
It's gonna get sticky. This might fall under the "moron in a hurry" rule. That's where a parody/tribute is so close to the original that a "moron in a hurry" would confuse the two. For copyright law, that's close enough to sue. The other "real life" factor is this; if you try and make money off of this, you'll be competing with an international business and their dedicated team of lawyers. Do you want to pick that fight?
Oh shoot, I picked lime. Citrus fruits rule!
If measured from a fixed point in space, yes. It lands in a different spot. For all practical Earth-based applications, it's the same spot.
I wonder if your coworker knows about pickles and yogurt. Those are also fermented.
"Well, he's just gonna have to watch."
The best part of astronomy is that "imminent" is "any time in the next 100,000 years."
&gt;Most public scales in grocery stores are not digital, so there is no tare button. I don't know where you shop, but most of the big chain stores I've shopped in across the country even let you print your own price tags from the public digital scale. These are usually found in the bulk sections.
That's too bad. More schadenfreude for me!
That design actually mimics the original drawings for the book by [Sir John Tenniel.](https://miro.medium.com/max/2589/1*EVThih6kJ2libSbA7wTYGg.jpeg)
If you're really worried, email AND mail. Return receipt requested. That way you can be certain they have read it. Some states allow for you to hire someone and deduct the cost from rent, but that is AFTER due diligence in making sure they know about it. Check into local laws and tenant organizations for the best help.
Yes. Yes and yes. I saw a dude ignite his beard trying to blow fire. He panicked and tried to pat it out the same way, but a homie came in with a flying tackle and a towel to get him on the ground and the fire out. Stop, drop, and roll WORKS. If you forget it for yourself, don't hesitate to tackle your friends if they are on fire. (If anyone asks; yes the dude was drunk. Yes, it was dumb as toast to try that. He wound up in the hospital for infections to the burn. I hold real fire breathers and other flame artisans in high regard, but that shit ain't for me.)
It's Montana, y'all. I think that should explain a bit.
I use video tutorials as a PART of learning, but not as the total. I also try to read a bit, if there's info out there. I also try to just WATCH without trying, at least the first time. This seems to help me keep the general idea and specific steps together as I go for it myself.
Uh, I don't think I ever fully decided it was ok. I just knew I was at war with my wants, and I'm a flawed human. I do my best to mitigate that by eating a quasi-vegetarian diet, and picking good restaurants serving local meats. *Later on that evening...* Downvotes for my honesty? Huh.
Well, wood you look at that.
Extra points if it's a state that was in the Union. Mega bonus points in states that didn't even exist. (Why were there so many rebel flags in Alaska?)
I like everything about it, except how it looks.
Reminds me of [this turn of events.](https://youtu.be/SUuYroXn22M?t=26s)
I just hope Neil was laid to rest with all the honors and traditions a Priest of Syrinx deserves.
Before the internet, it was common for The Keeper of the Porn (an assigned role for a trusted friend) to bring boxes into the nearest woods. That way teenagers could stumble across it and see airbrushed titties. Sometimes there's even booze and cigarettes, too.
Oh, people love them for renos. Old brass hardware adds a lot of charm. That being said, old faucets also DON'T meet current standards for lead-free solder and other potability issues. They changed federal regulations as late as 2012, and I have no clue how a hospital would skip getting new faucets for an overhaul. And you can tell by the left escutcheon (the roundy bit that the handle fits into) that it was removed and reinstalled poorly. It's all chewed up.
Eh, favorite bands might come and go. Mine was Bad Religion. I dug in DEEP to everything they did, right up until "Stranger Than Fiction." I feel like they backtracked on some of their more experimental choices for "another Bad Religion album." But, after a few years of a break, I got right back in there. I still generally stop at "Recipe for Hate," but I'm old. I can do that.
It wasn't my favorite the first time I watched it.
Why did I spend so much money on really big pants? I could have had twice the pants for what I wasted on dumb skater fashion from the 90s.
I'm not vegan, but a good, fresh tomato and avocado sammy? With toasted sourdough, kosher salt, maybe a little olive oil drizzle? Sha-zam! Perfect summer food.
The drama continues across another sub...
It was something for children. Water or milk to drink at meals. When we were "older," you could have tea or soda (sometimes). Now I have beer or wine and water.
What did the other breweries do? Y'all can't be the first one allowed to serve under these circumstances. I'm sure they've got ideas of what worked and what stunk. I'd ask around locally. Here in Seattle, we're straddling the "no plastic" line in a lot of ways, but you still get beer in biodegradable solo cups... But this is at private events and not government property.
It looks like a movie set. My mind would be blown if this was a real temple.
Simply put, if you live in a city, it should be the city. If you live OUTSIDE the city... better get a shovel.
Whoa. Mind blown.
It IS a lot of ice. I've been down to Pike Place Market a bunch. All of the fish is sitting "in the open," but it's nestled in coolers really well. The fish is really only there for the open hours of the market... Before that, it was probably swimming a few hours before. People want to see it up close to see JUST how fresh. It'll be all new fish tomorrow. By the time it's cooked, you won't have much to worry about. I would only be more particular if I was thinking about serving it as sushi.
That's a good guess! But I suppose you could put whatever you want in there.
I just want to chime in again for my love of HEB. We specifically went to the one in our old neighborhood after going back to Texas to visit.
Huh. I don't know much about Leander... That's out of my stomping grounds when I lived in Texas. The ones in Austin were obviously well-stocked.
Well, Gatorade and Pedialyte are closer. "Salts" isn't just table salt, but the other things they call "electrolytes." I think (and I am no science dude) that chemically electrolytes are salts of different varieties.
He's making plants an offer they can't refuse.
Had 'em years ago. Took them out. Why? It looked cool. Tribal. Both as a means to "play" with the body and my face, and experimenting with how it could change. It's a technique centuries old and it had gained modern style. Did it hurt? Not a lot if you did it right. Did they close? Mostly. I kinda got "cat butt ears," but that's the risk. They aren't terrible. Can it tear? Uh, yes. I knew someone that stretched theirs so far, the bottom of the lobe died. It was just skin with nothing "inside" to keep it alive. They got it cut off.
It's the future, man! LEDs mean no changing nothing!
See reply, in re; "heavily implied sarcasm."
TV or movies might make you think the baby is born screaming, but they are out of the birth canal (the "va-jazzle," as the kids call it) before the screaming starts. You try and scream while pushing your body through a turtleneck underwater. You'll understand.
Aren't you supposed to hit them with narwhal bacon or something?
But wouldn't "having a good time" also include shooting that kid first?
The bullshittiest bullshit to ever shit.
I tell my close homies I love them. It's only weird because you don't do it often enough.
Man does thing. Appreciate those with testicles! My mom would've strangle a coyote to save me.
"Better" isn't good enough when we're talking about killing innocent folks.
You do understand that EVERY CASE in criminal court requires conviction "beyond a reasonable doubt." Every single one. That means that every single one of those cases are considered "open and shut." Despite that, we still fuck up and kill innocent people.
This is why I stopped going commando... well, after the second time. I'm stubborn.
I have never seen anything more janky and beautiful. Old school equipment just has a *style,* y'know?
I remember the change. *Revenge of the Nerds* came out when I was in 5th grade. 5th grade me had a bowl cut and thick glasses. I suffered through high school as a "nerd" before adopting it as a positive.
I love Seattle from that angle. From I5 at 5pm? Not so much.
The lesson here? "Look fast."
You mean the FUN ones... The ones you could shoot across the bathroom while pooping. Uh, as a kid, of course.
That reminds me of what my grandfather said to me right before he kicked the bucket. He said, "wanna see how far I can kick this bucket?"
It's not the reposting as much as it is the "I ran the old title through Google translate a few times." *Cat behaves wild as unknown vehicle drives to the behind.*
Not specifically, but those types of bands were certainly popular. Even the "pre-grunge" heavier bands would get attention. Like the Melvins and such.
But I just got over the Modelovirus! At least it's not Pacificosis.
Geez, simmer down. OP said "adopted." That might make some people assume "from a shelter," even if that's not the case.
Most places it is law, but that skips over the entire issue of OP being able to *prove* ownership and them STILL going ahead with adoption proceedings before the 72 hours was up. My speculation is they said, "oh shoot! We can get this golden adopted fast! Let's rush it."
"Look, the plans don't have walls in between the stalls, so that's what we did." Going with the lowest bidding contractor brings fun surprises.
Why? Because humans. Punks don't get a pass from being human, complete with all the failures and foibles that come along with being an upright hairless ape. But all those things you listed are general gossippy bullshit points anyway. If you see someone being sexist, say something. Stand up and shut it down.
No, it does not. Being a shit for the sake of being a shit doesn't help anyone. Nor does it "smash the state." But our responsibility is to each other. If you can help stop someone being victimized by any sort of "ism," do what you can. If you can help a dumbass realize their dumbassery, do that too.
I was going to guess we were neighbors. There's parts of Seattle with the same view. I spent most of my life landlocked, so all of the shipping mega-docks still blow my mind.
Your dick is just "practicing." I can't remember where I got this info, but my understanding is that morning hard-ons give your penis a chance to stretch out the vessels and tissues on a regular basis. That keeps him ship-shape and ready for action, either one-on-one or with a friend!
"Oh, thank the Maker!"
Don't forget the era and location. This IS where the Lorraine Motel is located. OP mentioned it in a similar comment, and I concur... A lot of Memphis wasn't excited about integration in the 1960s.
I think I've missed all of mine so far. It's weird because I'm on Reddit all the dang time.
Well... Two boobies are pretty good. FOUR boobies? Oh man, now we're talking.
If Satan sounded like Alan Rickman, I think he'd get me to burn a church or two.
I wanna thank Ted and Chris (I think that's his name, the drummer from Little Rock) for letting me and my homie into a fest with their extra wrist bands several years ago. It was awesome. They were nice. I love "Shake the Sheets."
It's the law of averages!
That's neat. What is it, really? I don't think "carbondioxid" is a thing. Carbon dioxide is, but it's not "deadly." Edit: I was wrong. Read the wiki in the reply! It's fascinating stuff.
Wait, is that the Kent Carpet Oval?
Not reading books or reading in general. I feel ashamed if I go a month or two without finishing a book.
I handle a lot of old furniture at my job. I'm almost convinced they put gum under tables at the factory since it's so common. It's constantly gross.
That's the kinda shit that will make a judge go, "Ha ha. No."
Two big questions: 1. "Can you *really* keep it to yourself?" I believe someone could disagree with those lifestyles and be "nice" about it. I don't know if that person would be able to keep it all under control all the time. Other than manners, they'd have no reason not to be jerks. 2. If someone is ambivalent enough to keep quiet, isn't that one step closer to acceptance? There are things I don't like, but don't disagree with them existing... Like celery. I won't be protesting celery off the produce stands because "I don't like it."
Help them bag your stuff. I do. That will make the bags less annoying.
I had the first taste of boudin after years of it being out of my life. It gave me a couple of tears. Can't really explain the mix of nostalgia and umami that it brought up, but it was great.
That's glass marbles. They're talking about marble the stone.
Celery. AKA "The Devil's Celery."
/r/bettereveryloop
That's today? Dang!
"Sugar, you wanna cold drink?"
Well, now I want Sonic.
He also played a...uh... "Turkish" prince in *Around the World in 80 Days.*
"The Graduates" are a whole chain of hotels in college towns. The one in Bloomington has Indiana University alums on it, like Kevin Kline. Oh, and lots of chairs because of Bobby Knight.
Makes sense. Looks like he went to RISD. Also, I didn't make the place stink.
Nice ascot.
I'm a middle aged punk, but I've been dipping into some really old country lately. There's an era, mostly before the 80s, where it was still possible to find songs that weren't trying so hard to stuff 'MERICA AND APPLE PIE GOD BLESS THE PRESIDENT down people's throats. I've even forgiven ol' Merle Haggard for "Okie from Muskogee" since he turned out to be a huge stoner before he died.
It'd be a lot different if it was made of oak, wooden tit?
You're looking for /r/wellthatsucks
[Yes, it's real.](https://i.imgur.com/7qAFMsP.jpg) We get old tools at my job. The conversation with the former owner/creator went like this (after we stopped laughing); Owner: I used to hang posters, and I didn't want to carry a ladder. Coworker: How often did you miss the nail? Owner: More often than I hit it... But I didn't have to carry a ladder!
Supposedly, he poked the nail in the poster (probably a coroplast sign, ala "We Buy Houses Cheap!") enough to keep it there. It just had to be higher than anyone else's.
The poster held the nail. The dude didn't touch it.
20/20 isn't particularly well-known, but they are kinda power pop/punk. "Life in the USA," maybe?
Ah, a game based on a movie based on a book. My favorite!
Pull it out a little bit, ya goob.
Uh, that's just general "kinda introverted" things. I hope Brandon dipped out of that one.
Welcome to Mississippi! I don't live there currently, but it's always "home," whether I like it or not. My complaint about the lottery is the same as it was when they opened riverboat casinos; a few meager jobs here and there so that an already poor population can waste money trying to get lucky. Instead of REAL investment, the populace gets a dangling "Magic Carrot" to try and reach at their own expense.
Now they just clip off the tips of their beaks.
Legendary Glowing Radroach.
Do they have "live birth?" I don't think so.
Sorry! I am in the US.
Yay!
[Dude.](https://i.redd.it/w882gx42jkn31.png)
I second calling animal control. If an officer comes out and they get mad, so be it. Even if they are destined to be eaten, they should be treated humanely. Shade and water are necessities.
No it's not.
McKenzie?
Cops don't need an app to snitch on themselves. The app is to get police involved, which is where these problems are starting in the first place.
I imagine all supplies are harder to find during this pandemic. Maybe everyone but the fetish shop were plumb out?
I don't think I did. Thanks, and I'll leave it as a reminder to read better.
I've read most of the various classic "banned books" on lists but not really the more recent titles. I've read some weird "satanic panic" Christian novels from the late 80s. "Soul on Ice," maybe? I advocate a "read everything, question everything" standpoint.
A little louder, please. IT HAS ALWAYS BEEN A CLASS WAR. Cops were created to control laborers and protect property. Rich people trick poor people into hating each other over skin, and they reap the benefits of tensions.
Awesome! I don't need a copy anymore. Like I said, it's inaccurate with some "urban legend" stuff. The recipe for smoking banana peels is a good fake one. It was always talked about as being "so terrible" when I was a teenager, but it's not that bad.
You don't have to add on the "I'm straight" part unless they are actually hitting on you. Sometimes people are just nice.
They've had their chance. Independent monitoring of the police by communities needs to happen.
As an American, I wish it was a bit stranger.
"Bruh, you about to march a host of Hebrews through that part or what?"
Coming from a middle-aged punk, I guess we were more informed on those "dog whistles" to keep boneheads and Nazis out of the scene. There are a lot of little symbols and such that racists use to communicate. I would have never thought someone would go on *Jeopardy* with that kinda shit.
Looking like a grown up isn't all that great.
It IS a bad idea. However, people are rightfully and righteously fucking angry. Options seem limited since people of color haven't been able to amass or protest safely since...well, EVER. What do we do but our best?
&gt;I get that, but how am I going to have a boyfriend without people thinking he’s a pedophile? Better yet, how am I going to get a boyfriend if everyone thinks I’m a child? As a dude, I can't tell you that. I will say that when I was 17, I would have dated someone that looked a little younger without worry. If he's 16-19, nobody that matters is gonna notice.
That's... about right. Even a psychiatrist or psychologist would do the same: check for safety and infection. After that, they should work with the patient to minimize cutting incidents or work on "replacements" for that action. You don't just MAKE someone stop. You keep them healthy and help them find other ways to deal instead.
There will ALWAYS be a small minority of those who seek to personally profit from others suffering. Now there are those who seek to hide among the angry and grieving to disturb and discredit the peaceful masses. They should not make us lose focus or doubt our own motivations for peace, equality, and brotherhood. Y'all watch out for each other and watch out for cops. Protest with a buddy!
You don't...but it's fun.
I grew up with 100 degree heat and 100% humidity in the summers. I've moved in and out of places more pleasant since. I currently really appreciate the PNW's mild winters and reasonable summers.
About 15 or so years ago, I watched cops prepare tear gas for a group that wouldn't disperse. What was this "mob" doing? Dancing and handing out cookies by the Heine Bros on Longest and Bardstown. They weren't even blocking Bardstown at all. Shame shit hasn't changed.
😊😊😊
Funny thing, I asked because that's the work my wife does. It can be scary, but during her experience there has only been one doctor created problem. They tend to be smooth and easy in a case like yours. There's so many muscle groups in the heart that having a couple bad bunches zapped won't slow you down. Good luck and ride safe!
Well, in layman's terms they stick a wire in your femoral artery down by your junk. They feed it up and zap the malfunctioning muscles in the heart. My wife's role in this is helping to create a 3d map for them to navigate by and to monitor electric charges in the heart to spot problem areas. Yours, being non-emergent, is the kind of case good docs whip out in a matter of hours, easy breezy. I've got nothing but high hopes for ya.
I think it's obvious that it's my wife's job. I get close, but not quite there.
Are there good ones? Yes, but they are expensive. Brands like Miele and Bosch put out some nice washers. Mieles are so well-engineered, and even uninstalled they are compact and tidy. The best bet is to stay away from the extra cheap ones. Somewhere between "*THAT MUCH?!*" and a "Snarmsnung Deeshwusher" from the bargain bin will be the one for you. Stainless steel insides, components that feel sturdy, and maybe skip a list of a million features for dependability.
I used to have a few. I've since taken them all out, but I can explain. Humans have desired to decorate and enhance the look of their bodies for CENTURIES. Primitive peoples are dug up with tattoos and piercings, so this isn't a *new* thing to us. Some folks want to replicate and celebrate the primitive look. Some start with regular earrings and just go nuts. It's a deeper, more permanent, and more involved process than dyeing hair or wearing clothes. Piercings come with a "rite of passage." A little pain, some care, and then you're set apart from others. I know it's oxymoronic today for folks to try and "be different" by doing things lots of others do, but it's still an attempt for someone to control their own bodies and be themselves.
The story of how it got built is freaking weird; A guy pays in cash under a fake name with nods to Rosicrucianism. One dude is out there with most of the info about it in his box in a garage. My friend from the area called it "wannabe Illuminati bullshit" when I asked about it some years ago. I still want to see it.
Boogaloo Boys and Y'all-qaeda infiltrators into police forces across the country are trying to MAKE IT a race war so they can play "New Confederate" with their 2A toys. Don't fall for it!
&gt;It won't do much, it's just a gesture Well, now is a time when a gesture of good faith shows a lot to the people around you. It's is a "hello" with eye contact to a stranger. It's is a wave to your neighbor so they know you are together. It's a white dude in a BLM t-shirt. It's not the only thing to do, but it's something.
That's all "defensive" gear for being attacked. There is nothing "offensive" about this outfit.
You want to see the video of the Philly cop FORCING a nightstick into to hands of a protester while he was being beaten? Did you see the photo of the kid in Fort Wayne that lost an eye to a bean bag? Did you know I saw cops pepper spray a group for nothing more than dancing and handing out cookies? Did you see the clip of Seattle cops encouraging an old woman to spray paint a building? Where the fuck are these mysterious piles of bricks coming from? We're out of work and can't buy shit like that.
&gt;Twitter has a “public interest” policy that permits the baneful tweets of public officials to stay up. That is called "money." Gobs and gobs of money.
The anti-fascist movement isn't new at all, it was just a slower adoption of the term "Antifa" from other parts. Coming as middle-aged dude from punk, watching out for fascists and racists has been part of the deal since the beginning. They used to scurry in any counterculture space to draft loners before they became anti-racist. Now they just say they are "Proud" or whatever.
Uh, punk never stopped. I think you just ain't paying attention.
Oh, certainly. I agree wholeheartedly and consider that kind of misinformation part of the problem.
I firmly believe that anyone reading this won't care. I appreciate it, though, and it is a valid message. There's a small minority of people who will always seek to profit during misery and strife. Those people don't care about others. There are also those causing chaos to promote their racist agenda and paint protesters in a bad light. Don't get fooled! Protest with a buddy! And as much as I hate random acts of violence, sometimes a brick in the hand beats a cop on your neck. Be smart.
I didn't know they illustrated "The Tin Drum."
This is like sharing someone's hallucinations.
That baby is trying to warn them about getting involved in land wars in Asia.
No, it just turned all purple and black, but it will be okay. To clarify in case someone missed it, Austin cops shot the nurse's hand while she was helping the young man. She was on the ground giving first aid and asking for medical help as he was concussed and blacking out after being hit with a bean bag round. So they shot her in the hand. This is why we're mad.
That's a few minutes from my hometown and where BB King is from.
Uh, the last couple days had plenty of chances. Your results might not have been what ya wanted, though.
Y'all, a lobster breathes through their legs. He's just eating it.
In the American South, they are known by the colloquial term "deelishush!"
Well, yeah. There's no shame if you're not compatible and just wanna bang, but bruh doesn't even want to meet you halfway on that? DTMF (dump that mother fucker).
That IS it. The end results aren't food safe, but the randomness of the finish is cool!
I dunno, rouge is pretty pastel...
My homie could squirt water or milk out of his on command. It was gross and awesome at the same time. RIP Greg.
It's a sensible and functional shape! Just don't add a red carpet and black cubicle walls.
My dentist recommended mixing it up for brushing and flossing, so I try and do that. Start in a different spot every time!
Oh crap, I went to church and got born again. Can I surf?
Whenever it comes to stuff like this, it's best just to ASK. (Not the internet, whoever has what you want!) The worst answer you'll get is "no." "Are you hiring?" "Can I get unemployment?" "Are you gonna eat that?" Just ask!
What city? I'm just curious.
At least 8 days and nights!
Uh, no. The clicks are counted IN THEIR FAVOR. They consider it "working" and "success" even if you don't buy anything. By NOT clicking, the money is wasted and the ad campaign is considered "failing." If it is a really terrible ad, report it. I get pissy sometimes and tell Google EVERY ad is irrelevant to me.
I get ya. I felt the exact same way! I went in thinking it would have to get frozen off or some other treatment. I just made the appointment fast before I had a chance to chicken out. (Lol.)
THEY DON'T STOP DOING THINGS THAT WORK. So that would mean MORE pop-ups, pop-unders, clickbait, larger ads, full screen click-throughs... Anything to continue pushing ad time and screen space into your preferred viewing. And I did say "when I am pissed off" not, "thoughtful and generous."
"I said 'In the form of a question,' motherfucker!"
"I'm fleur de leaving you."
TL;DR: Guy hasn't been an astronaut for **10 years.** NASA has no say-so in this guy's life, but since he went "private," he can probably afford to kill people and get away with it.
That's common across tons of movies in the era before CGI. The ones for Star Wars were particularly bad-ass. Even though I know that's what it is, those shots are still amazing!
Dude! I was on a bike ride in Texas. Another cyclist ahead of me had stopped on the trail, so I slowed up to see what was up. There was a big ol' pig-nose turtle basking on the tarmac. His shell was about 2.5 feet across, and had a big dent in it like he'd been run over in the past, but was still getting around.
Hey, you're only as old as you feel! I feel like I'm pushing 70.
Uganda be kidding me. He's just going to Rwanda around.
HE IS SO CHONK. Edit: my post is chonk. It sink.
It'd totally work, dawg. No problemo.
Ask Dylan Roof and George Floyd. Wait, you can only ask the white one.
Explain how any of these crimes deserve the *death penalty?* In the case of Trayvon, his "crime" at the time was not stopping for an armed stranger who was ignoring police advice. They might not be saints, but they are victims. These people are dead because others took their blackness as a reason to be violent beyond necessity, which is punishment way beyond the crime.
This is more @publiclandshateyou. Don't cross park boundaries! They are often there to protect wildlife, natural features, and other aspects that get ruined when people tromp all over them.
To paraphrase GISM; "bikes is politics." Cycling is an almost universally accessible mode of transport that you can get into for the cost of one to two tanks of gas (or less)! Bikes are for everyone!
The *big* thing I would worry about would be the *small* wheels; specifically the steering wheels. I don't think they are equipped for bike-riding speeds and might be too twitchy.
I have to imagine that more people ASK than not, so it's easier to say it every time than not.
Oh, I meant the front tiny wheels. The rear wheels are often built exactly like bike wheels. They are good to go!
I got one from the back of a garbage truck. Brand new, unopened, Kinect included. You can use it just as a media player!
Yes, we are talking about a KID, a child, a youth of pre-teen age. A 12 year old. Of course he took the orange caps off. He was TWELVE. He probably thought it would look "cooler" if it was more real. This is the kind of decision a child makes, and can make happen regardless of how supervised they might be. Now that he's dead, it's awfully convenient to blame him, a 12 year old child, instead of a *trained adult with a gun.*
You just gotta know the right people.
My first video game system had ONE BUTTON and WOOD GRAIN, and we LIKED IT. Now get off my lawn!
There is currently a petition on r/cycling and r/bicycling to put pressure on Trek to do the same.
You don't HAVE to use it.
I would eat that. I would also eat eggs and bacon. Just gimme something!
Well, yeah! Have you tried keeping up with bottom bracket standards? That's gotta be more confusing than the law.
Racism is learned a whole lot sooner than people reading news articles. If anything, news outlets might try and capitalize on a race-related story, but the REASONS are deeper than that by far. Plus, when the effort is to expose cops being worse towards people of color, ya gotta talk about color.
"Who is your daddy and what does he do?"
Waikiki is an open-air mall. That whole strip of Kalakaua Ave is just *shopping.* But, judging from the bags people were lugging around, that's exactly the vacation they wanted. Worth it for the musubi cafe, though.
My friend's mom called it "Mountain Dew."
Expensive looking running shoes a half size too small, watches, gobs of change, all sorts of ramen from the international student dorm dumpster, CDs full of anime I could never get decoded, an angora sweater I still love (so soft!), photos, old diaries, a "mermaids certificate" from a WWII Navy guy, a copy of "Over the Edge" by the Wipers, books, records, tapes, hopes and dreams (really)... One time I found a mix tape I made in the bottom of a dumpster by a gay bar. No idea how it got *there*, even though I went to that bar.
Whoa, cowboy. That was WILLIAMSON County. (It looks like a typo where it says "William County") "Austin-area" includes Round Rock. It's well-known that crossing that county line means dealing with an entirely *different* breed of cop. And, since Reagan, Williamson county votes almost decidedly Republican. Now that does NOT belittle the terrible facts of this man's death, NOR does it excuse the behavior of the officers. I bring it up simply to negate that it was Austin leadership that caused it. Austin cops prefer to shoot protesters that have already been shot.
No problem. I don't mean to cut Austin leadership any slack, either. Their responses, like responses across the country, haven't been the best.
It's a political standpoint. Getting organized across smaller groups of communities with things like Facebook isn't hard. It kinda puzzles me that right-wing folks think it's some orchestrated cabal when all you have to post is "Cops bad! Meet at park on Saturday." Wearing black and face masks is just a given; black is the traditional color of leftist protest and masks keep you from being outed and might defend against pepper spray.
[Maybe if you heard it from The Man in Black himself.](https://youtu.be/dY8_vZXo8oY)
We call that "selling out."
I tend to assume that it's a "power and control" issue. Older guys with a voice of authority and younger women that don't know better or haven't had a chance to grow a solid sense of autonomy. That way, the man sets a power imbalance and takes advantage of it.
I would also accept "chickenshit conformist."
I'm fine with people playacting as whatever while they fuck, as long as no oppression leaks out into the public.
Not with that attitude, it won't.
Oh, even though they were centuries away from antibiotics. Got it. Perfectly logical.
"Wwwwhhhhyyyyy-sooo-earrrrrly... In tha fuckin' morning?"
I gotta say, Arnold's version of Republican, from an outside perspective, looked the most old-school and people-forward versus the reactionary hyper-religious crowd everywhere else.
Following our president's example?
Logically, an old dude could if no one fought back against him. Antibiotics are "fighting back."
Wait, did you say I'm still \*kinda right?\* That's happening rarely these days. Thanks!
It is when you're me.
Dude, your heart is in the right place, but I think you're trying to tackle it backwards. Trying to get a company to explain why they don't have more people of color in their insta is what helps create "token behaviors" and not real change. Is there a large Black population in Rhode Island? How many are interested in craft beer? Are there barriers preventing them from working at that brewery aside from race... Like is it in an inaccessible part of town or a long commute? Can you get there with public transport? Like I said, I don't think you're doing anything BAD. I feel ya. Equality is a beautiful goal. We just have to make sure we're creating equality and not just the appearance of it.
Here's a dinosaur version: I got a call from Blockbuster for some long overdue movies. My ex's brother had been using my card and not bringing stuff back!
I'm still kicking myself over losing my Fila Fresh Crew tape years ago. It was the DOC before he was...well, the DOC.
Chauvin had a history of complaints against him for things like derogatory remarks. He had 18 complaints filed against him as an officer, but all the details from those are not readily available.
For more snow and less ice, I really liked Continental's Top Contacts. There was a particularly grippy style that resembled no-slip restaurant shoes. They were awesome in Indiana snowstorms.
Daaaaaaaamn, Gina!
I've posted about stuff like this before. The Union went *easy* on the South following the Civil War. Reunion of the nation superceded abolition as a reason, so tons of systems were left in place to keep Black people subjugated and "second class" as citizens. It was well over a century before the Feds really pushed for *actual* social change via desegregation and such. Hell, school bussing was a fight in the 80s leading to tons of "white flight" into suburbs. When people say things like "y'all should just get over slavery," I get so freaking mad because real *freedom* wasn't even starting to get shared until my grandparents were adults. Clearing out the leftover ignorance from that era is gonna take a while.
I was not aware of that. I've been trying to be generally civil to help push a positive message, but sometimes ya just gotta stick it to a pig bastard.
I keep trying to imagine the same conversation about Keyboard Cat.
Swedish JELLYfish? They aren't red, nor do they have "Swedish" on their sides. I'm calling bullshit.
"No choice?" Ivanka wants fame and she picked the path she thought would get it. I doubt ANYONE matters to her aside from herself.
It's literally in the comment above this one.
I don't believe you.
Oh snap! We have one of these at work... Maybe not this EXACT model, but a tabletop console radio with a gold fabric grill. I've considered turning one into a Bluetooth speaker. It would look neat!
I want pics! And I experiment with finishes, too. It's cool and I'm just giving you a hard time.
The guy in the video used a rag to apply shellac, not a sponge brush. I've got both in the garage, I suppose I could just give it a shot and see what's what. You do you, but I recommend at least experimenting with a sanding sealer over shellac. I'll experiment with shellac and see where it goes!
ALL COPS ARE BASTARDS... ...but that can be okay. I've been a bastard. You've probably been a bastard. Accept mistakes and grow or you're just gonna STAY a bastard. That makes you an asshole.
The vinyl won't stick? Huh. Good to remember!
Full disclaimer: I'm white. That being said, it's hard for me to really *hate* a dead person in the same manner that I get angered by people today. Hitler is a good common target. Sure, he was a genocidal poopstain and a failed painter. But I have less hate for him, since he's dead, than I do for those being shitty RIGHT NOW. For someone my age, even Reagan was a shitbag that stupidly pushed us towards nuclear destruction, but he's dead. My vitriol is all at Trump and McConnell now. Maybe it's kinda the same. Dead symbols of a freedom Black Americans haven't had yet. But there are those in power right now trying to drag us backwards who probably deserve a bit more hate.
That's exactly the point of that tweet.
Why do we need a statue for a guy that got lost?
Where does the sponge brush come in?
Oh, we're thinking the same thing!
Oh, Lower Greenville. That's Dallas, btw. I've been to that bar. It's nothing special.
I'm just stomping around the house mad knowing that I had ONE WEEKS worth of training that allowed two people my size (kinda skinny) to handle someone George Floyd's size. That includes them being totally non-compliant, intoxicated, or whatever, and they could STILL be transported safely with minimal injury. Certainly NO loss of breathing because those holds don't ever involve airways. This was for an entry-level tech job, no guns, no pepper spray. In fact, I have had THREE different versions of nonviolent crisis intervention, complete with safe holds. Each took a week to learn and had yearly re-ups. There were FOUR cops on that scene. There is NO excuse.
No, it doesn't quite deflate their argument. Segregated units might mean an absolute cap on the promotions of Black officers (and promotions only within the unit) and would have CERTAINLY meant there was no Black leadership of white troops. It's the "separate but equal" fallacy.
Maybe you do and you just haven't found it yet.
Haybob Nicepants.
I did, too. Well, closer to Eastbound and Down.
I know, man. A: don't poop my joke. B: y'all read some Howard Zinn.
I kinda agree with this sentiment even if it's negative. I feel like "we, the people," are essentially arguing between people that would read his book and go "yeah, I get that," versus "FUCK YOU, That's *not* what happened, you *don't* **even** **KNOW.** I wasn't directing the Zinn joke at any one person, just being a boob in general. But dipping into reading from both sides of the argument helps round opinion.
It's around enough. And it seems easier to hide in prison than a baggie of bud.
Don't worry about it. I went down, talked to the leader of the Kings, smoothed it over with the NCR, and got rid of some mercs. Now, I've just gotta find out if Uncle Ike's takes bottle caps.
They went at justifying it Biblically. Saying that Africans were "Sons of Ham," cursed by Noah, and doomed to live a life of slavery. But they were also accused of being "lazy" scientifically, so who knows what those ol' crackers were on.
My boy Hubble popped some bubbles and caused a few troubles. Got it.
Oh, that's cool then. I'm sure we've developed a "herd immunity" to it by now.
Leviticus was absolutely no fun at parties.
A few points back. Until my underwear is found in the annals of vexillology, I don't think that argument is gonna fly. Hitler ate vegetarian at the advice of his doctor, and still loved a good wurst. I know this after dealing with dipshits arguing that vegetarianism was associating with Hitler. This is the road that argument leads you down. The Klan, being originally founded by a Confederate soldier, was based on actions of racial terrorism and subjugation. They picked (and keep picking) that flag based on the fact that it represents the ideals of the Confederacy; Black people, as an "inferior" race, had to be controlled. "Regional heritage?" Why is it flown by hate groups in Europe?
I don't think slavery and BLM are gonna go sympatico.
Only for posers.
Sorry, that's unbelievably wrong. The Confederate flag crowd still want Black subjugation and a return to "separate but equal" AT BEST. At their worst tends to be the policies of the Klan.
No. Participating in that tribal dance is *sharing.* Blackface is, was, and always will be about making fun of the worst stereotypes.
I don't have to imagine anything. There has been a long-running campaign to "whitewash" the Confederate soldier into a "good ol' boy just trying to do right." And, if you walked among the rank and file, some probably were. But the main focus, the reason shots were fired in the first place, was to keep slaves.
"Ah, ANOTHER goddess figure, Shaman Mix-a-lot? You've made quite a few so far..."
You should read into Iran's Islamic Revolution. It started in 1979. It wasn't all that nice. People DID protest...
When police were a "community force" with cops WALKING the beat, we were still working under racist laws, segregation, and divided communities. Civil Rights protesters and Vietnam brought out hippies and racial intermingling. Cops turned into crowd control. The War Against Drugs swiftly turned racist with uneven prosecution for whites versus blacks, and uneven policing of neighborhoods. 9/11 and terrorism have given lawmakers a reason to dress cops like soldiers and to treat Americans like enemies. (Worse, considering Geneva Convention violations.) Now they are using that equipment on Americans doing American things, like protesting. Defending and figuring it out seems like a good idea.
You expect that woman to pack COLD BEER in *that* outfit? She'll be freezing!
Been called worse things by better people.
I dunno. What did they say to Marty Robbins when he was advocating Rangers with Big Irons on their hips? What about when Johnny Cash shot that guy in Reno? Oh shit, that reminds me of this documentary I saw about a killer at a kids camp. He wore a hockey mask! Who is looking for that guy? It's entertainment. If someone takes it too seriously, they are not totally smart. Also, shock sells. Subdued usually doesn't.
Depending on time frame, even criminal!
This is a very old picture. Which is fucking awesome because it shows punk has been anti-racist for a long time.
Swear to god I heard footsteps coming. Whip open the flap, see nothing. It was honestly probably a toad.
That would make sense. Like some psychics, street magicians, "mystical shaman" types trying to make a living. Real wizards are busy fighting Balrogs and such.
She seems gneiss.
That shirt is fucking awesome.
Look, we toned it down from "All Cops Are Bastards." How much more civil can it get?
*"Any cock'll dooooo!"*
White field with a big pan of cornbread in the center.
I feel like Montreal is "budget Paris." I liked it. Anywhere in Hawaii that you can see nature and not buildings. Can't top that shit with something man-made.
Screwball comedy tackling social issues? Classic.
Oh yeah. Get it from all angles. Thieves can be determined.
Whew. I saw shaved heads, braces, and a-shirts. I thought for sure it was a weird Neo-Nazi hazing.
Bruh, you have no idea how to read body language. That was an "oh fuck, imontvanditsthefuckingpresident, whatdoidowhatdoidowhatdoido" panic moment if I've ever seen one. She held her nose and didn't make physical contact with his face at all.
Well, then he knew exactly what he was doing. Drawing attention to a cause he believes. There's no way they weren't gonna say something about this.
Oh, I didn't think anything of that... But trolls gonna troll.
Don't forget the programs that tend to be actively harmful, such as abstinence-only sex education in a state with such a high teen birth rate and rampant STIs. Sometimes I get so disheartened I feel like Mississippi lawmakers are doing it on purpose.
When I tell those stories, usually the next sentence is "...and the rest was a blur..."
He's paying taxes, which means he's paying for the local fire department and his own private one. And he *gave* them a fire truck. I know he ruined the prequels to spite his ex-wife, but at least some of that money is doing good.
It's a more recent shift in language. Well, since the 80s. People are just stubborn.
And give up all those tax dollars? Pshaw. Also, have you ever dealt with someone as they quit? Eek. Forcing an entire NATION to quit at once would probably... Hell. It's 2020. Let's do this.
If you plant that, you'll get your own chip tree.
Don't need much of a cone when you're only transmitting across a millimeter.
What the fuck kinda illegal drugs did they have in 1847 when King Kamehameha passed this law? They had cocaine in coca cola and heroin for kids.
Deodorant for your junk. I might as well say it before someone else does.
Neat! I have seen a variety of lizards as pets but I didn't know of those. They look awesome! Thank you.
&gt;Liquor stores were declared essential businesses during the quarantine. Every career alcoholic sobering up simultaneously would be pandemonium, not to mention flooding the already-strained hospitals with DTs. Wait, are you agreeing with liquor stores being open? I was and am since detoxing can be worse than DT's... It can kill you in extreme cases.
What about the one in front of the Speed Museum by U of L? Sorry, I moved away and I'm curious, but I used to live and work over there.
*Saturn Devouring his Son.* Hey, Saturn don't share.
Thanks! I was hoping it was totally gone, but I'm sure it will be soon.
It's also not rubber cement and paper, or contact cement and pretty much anything. But that wheel is cemented down by tarmac, and this is a perfectly cromulent sentence.
Back in the day, I got around by Dirty Doggin' it via Greyhound. The driver on one overnight stretch stopped the bus in the middle of absolutely NOWHERE to berate someone sneaking a quick smoke in the bathroom once the smell made it up front. **"I TOLD YOU BEFORE WE LEFT, I WOULD NOT TOLERATE SMOKING!" Scared the shit outta me and I wasn't even guilty.
Oh, in that case... People that WANT a "white only" sub want it to be racist. As someone who thinks of themselves as an anti-racist white dude, I have absolutely NO DESIRE to participate in any "white only" experience. Why would I? I'm surrounded by white people, white history, white faces. We're the damn majority. White folks that want a "white folks only" area want nothing more than to talk shit about other races.
White people have been pretty untrustworthy in these situations before. I'm not sure where to get what you need, but Reddit would quickly turn that into a hate filled zone in no time flat.
"It ain't a meal unless it's meat!" Heard that plenty of times.
There are people in the world whose veggie intake consists of rice, potatoes, corn. Period.
Waaaaaiit, really? Cool! Glad to keep it fresh with the knowledge!
Uh, my immigrant neighbors are the best. It's the American ones I'm on the fence about.
Taylor Swiffer?
Thirty? How many times do they hold these events?! She looks between 16 and 20.
Belochness Cumbermunster?
Pretty big statue for an event making up 2.5% of the state's history and where we were the baddies.
I guess that's the part I don't get. I like real cheese and soy milk. I'll go back and forth on real meat and veggie burgers based on a loose approximation of how "healthy" I've been eating this week. I like those non fat ice cream "eat the whole pint" as much as real old fashioned stuff. I just eat tons of everything, I'll try almost anything (and I'll do it again if it's possibly better the next time), and I'll put any edible vegetable matter in my face. Except two things: grapefruit fucks with my zoloft, and I do NOT fuck with celery. I don't wanna hear it.
"Friggin' in the Riggin'" was by the Village People?
It's not a kid's bike, but it IS a heckin' cheapo. It would have cost that much new. Do not spend $150 on it. Those department store bikes are "one size fits all," and they use the absolute cheapest hardware. For that price, you should be able to find a decent used bike from a good brand. It will be a few years older, but will last years longer. I poked around on Google maps for the area. It looks like a bunch of rental shops for cruisers since it's on the boardwalk. You might have better luck searching but I always look for a "bike project/kitchen/co-op...." Any place that takes donations and sells used bikes and parts cheap. Generally they are volunteer run. You can get by cheaper that way. You can search out for as far out as you're willing to drive.
Yes. Also, gross. Someone pissed in my cat's litter box at a party and I'm still mad. It was only ten years ago.
I keep saying this over and over, but I'll do it again. **There will always be those who seek to personally profit from others misery.** That's your looters AND whoever manufactures rubber bullets and tear gas. The only color that matters to those people is green. I can't teach you how to tell the difference since you STILL want to loop them all in as "those Blacks." That's your own lesson on race you'll have to learn. Hopefully you'll learn it soon.
It's no flavor, all heat!
Do you also read it as "Refreshah" because of the extra "E?"
"I dunno... Sounds pretty close to me," The Cops.
I just started answering questions realistically. It's a little weird and fun.
"Cherry, I do not understand your behavior. I do not know what you want from me or our interactions. Please try and explain. If you can't, just know I am not being mean, but I am confused." Or: "Bish, you cray. Yeet or get thee yeeted."
It sucks, but "mixed use" paths aren't the best for cycling. Especially if you want to go fast. You've got joggers, runners, walkers, moms with strollers... Sure, a Huffy beach cruiser fits right in, but that all carbon TT bike does NOT.
He doesn't carrot all.
I asked some runners about that. Apparently tarmac and asphalt are better on your knees, and running on cracked pavement can trip you up.
It's almost like cities and urban planners halfway listen, but don't get it 100%.
Between the two, I would assume the cops skipped out to make protesters look bad. It seems outside the wheelhouse of most protesters to handle that sort of problem.
Ah. No, that's not quite it. Since you asked and I got a moment; It's about shouldering the burden of responsibility. Dangerous drivers are a danger to everyone. Dangerous cyclists are a danger to themselves and pedestrians. Sure, they can damage a car but won't really hurt the people inside. Dangerous pedestrians are a danger to themselves and as obstacles to faster cyclists. A cyclist on the road is removing danger from pedestrians and adding it to their own by being in closer proximity to cars. Laws in the US allow for this on almost all roadways, excepting interstates and larger multi-lane highways, by considering bicycles as vehicles. Lastly, one asshole cyclist (or any ol' dum-dum on a bike) can ruin the perception of a hundred good cyclists. And if you simply hate bikes because you don't like slowing down, grow a pair you big baby, and stuff it.
We went shopping. I treated every human with dignity and respect regardless of race or perceived religious affiliation. I never posted a black square, but when it comes to #blacklivesmatter, that's something we can all do daily.
Oh no. Nonono. We are not in agreement here. Having personally witnessed multiple incidents of cops being shit when it comes to people of color, folks with mental health issues, and the LGTBQ community... I completely side with what the Black Lives Matter movement stands for; that they are more at risk of police violence. I worked in social work and direct care across this country and it is absolutely a systemic problem.
Haha, my freehub goes "bzzzzzzzzzz."
I don't get mad at cyclists when I drive. I don't get mad at pedestrians when I bike, unless they are total numb nuts.
Bikes are vehicles meant for the streets. Cars should deal with it as they are the less efficient, more deadly, and more damaging form of transport.
Those are the fun roads.
Like I said, those assholes don't matter. They would take advantage of any bad situation to steal crap. They use it as cover. It just happens, and it's almost impossible to police, even from the inside.
You have a 20 to 30 minute commute. 99% of your problem is other cars. Bicycles have been a vehicle since the 1900s and are allowed on roadways.
Rats also can't be accomplished French chefs. Logic has abandoned us.
"I'm glad you're not racist. Can we start working on your male chauvinism next?"
"Witches" were any empowered women with knowledge or beliefs that contradicted the Church.
I do. But they weren't considered a problem until the church came around.
I tried to warn him about my mixtape.
This could sound totally different based on the age of the child. Age 4? Probably a dumb kid decision. Age 14? She wanted short hair. Age 24? Get off her back. She can do what she want.
Does who have Alzheimer's?
Yes. The adoption wouldn't be finalized in that case. Just to bring y'all to this century, we don't call them "orphanages" anymore. Kids in care of the state usually reside in youth shelters, group living programs, and foster homes. Kids have case workers and other advocates working for them, and they have some agency in what happens. Source: worked at several "orphanages."
Haha, narrative go "clink clink clink."
Ah yes, the classic "Ewok on crack" look.
Don't forget the Peace Frog.
"People First" language. Someone else mentioned the concept, but it has a real name. It is to emphasize that you're talking about another PERSON and not a stereotype. And before someone brings up the NAACP because they *always fucking do* when this question pops up; it's been the National Association for the Advancement of Colored People since 1909. The NAACP has been doing service for the Black community before your grandparents were out of diapers. They can keep the name if they wanna.
Confederate flags and statues are the worst "participation trophies" we've got on display.
Alex Jones already came by. Some hero hit him with a cup of coffee.
Live here. Seen it. It's not a big deal, really, aside from people bellyaching about it.
I have seen lightly colored tattoos on faces that just kinda blend into skin tone. You just pick colors that aren't vibrant or solid black.
Uh, I saw a dude with a "neo88" license plate and a "parteiadler" ("Reichsadler") Nazi eagle decal fuckin' giant across the back window. This was a few years ago.
Oh yeah. Some old medicine cabinets will have slots that say "razor disposal." Others just have the slot. I wish we had one with the label in stock, I'd share a picture.
"'Hor', like your mother Trebek, 'semen.'"
We don't do that here.
The popular battle flag is the one most associated with rednecks and racists. It is the "Stars and Bars," the big blue X with stars on a red background. It was a little used battle flag, but not the national flag. The REAL flag is the actual flag the Confederate States of America used over their short-lived "nation." Not as popular and usually unrecognized. Yes, they absolutely bait and switched the real CSA flag with the battle flag.
More that *when* they changed it, they snuck in the same thing in a symbolic sort of way. I think they should change it but I am not from Georgia. I DO want the Mississippi state flag changed to remove the rebel flag from it. I voted to change it in 2001, and I still believe it should go.
Wait. My mustache looks like that. Do people get surprised? That'd be cool.
I worked in a grocery store in high school. I remember some of the deals... Essentially, they are competing for shelf space, pop-up display space, end caps. All of the eye-catching spots and the killer displays (which are designed by corporate and distributed). Stores don't stock sodas themselves often. The delivery reps handle all of that.
Before you go to a lawyer, please go to a therapist. If this isn't a troll, you seem to have some heavy shit going on. Filing a lawsuit isn't going to help anything at this point.
Sounds like /r/jokes!
Yeah, dogs understand "outside and inside." Like you said, accidents are usually nerves and not a lack of understanding. Give the pup time to explore, encourage a few extra potty trips outside to let them mark spots, and don't stress too hard on a couple poops inside.
I have. Work hard, play hard, and sweat hard. But I grew up in the deep south where 100 degrees and 100% humidity go hand-in-hand from May until late October.
Or the opposite, after sweating balls indoors and stepping out into the cold to watch your body steam.
Front wheel drive on a scooter? Wild!
Salty sweat stains EVERYWHERE!
Yes. That's the basis for sweating in the first place; your body puts out water, water evaporates and cools the skin. It's mostly effective but remember that your body is trying to cool its middle from the outside! Stay hydrated with cool drinks for the best results!
/u/STH_02 is totally right. Here in the US, a child should be over 4'5" (about 135 cm) and 60-70 pounds (30 kilos) before they can ride up front. Airbags and seat belts aren't meant for anyone smaller.
Just because it's an old device stored in extreme heat under a dozen comforters and ignored for years doesn't mean it should *break.* Dang.
"Let me know when we fly by Hinckley's!"
Anyone looking to involve Glen Beck isn't looking to actually solve anything.
Oh I know. I was commenting more on the expectation that you could ignore a digital device for years and think "oh, it should still be fine."
"Wanna get insulted by an anthropomorphic Cheeto for an hour? We'll pay!"
Ya ever been so jealous of a guy with two dates that you paint their picture?
"That's no fucking moon..."
Barack. Barack Lobster. I'll see myself out.
Misunderstanding their platonic affection and interest in you as something romantic oughta do it for ya.
I don't think they understand a lot of things.
Superfly Snuka?
That's an Ole Miss flag to the left of the screaming bigot. This is probably eastern Mississippi. As an ex-pat Mississippian, sorry about our racist fucks.
Stop! You're going to make her blush.
Hey! I know some toilet. To possibly find the age... Somewhere in the tank (the chunk you pulled off) might be a date code pressed into the porcelain. Anything older than around the 80s is going to use a LOT of water per flush. Over 2-4 gallons depending on age. Replacing the flush mech might help, but putting in a new toilet is gonna be the same amount of work from what I can see. I spent a few extra dollars on the "repositionable" foam style "wax rings" over the old fashioned messy wax ones. That made dropping the toilet back in place super easy because the closet flange (the round bit that holds the toilet to the floor and waste pipe) was in good condition. Good luck!
Not officially, the Confederate flag isn't considered part of the design. I don't think that is a "genuine" or licensed flag. Colonel Reb has been semi-retired as a mascot and renamed, but he's been part of the school since the 30s. I don't think he'll ever go away for good. Oh, and the NCAA is disallowing any championships to be held in a state with a Confederate flag design as a part of the state flag. I think that's JUST Mississippi at this point. Holding on to the flag of the losing team just keeps on costing the state more victories.
The one thing I know is true: Being that fucking famous from age 5, along with his messed up family life, did a number on his psyche. Whether or not that made him a pedophile or simply a man that wanted to stay a child is hard to say.
That sounds like trying to tickle yourself.
"Shrinkage, Samwise! Shrinkage!"
&gt;Contract's a contract. &gt; Not exactly. In the case of the towing, the city is paying out for service. The farm was paying the city for market space. It makes sense that the city would NOT pay out to assholes, but would happily take money FROM them provided they didn't violate any rules of service to the community. I'm not for warming up the tar and feathers, but I am happy that the farmers were called out for their ideology and that it was made public so folks could make their own decisions.
I guess I'm looking at it like this: The city pays Ken's. Son is racist. No more money FROM the city TO the tow truck. Nazi farmers pay the city. City likes money, dislikes controversy. Farmers stay. (Controversy anyway, but that's moot.)
Sure! I think we're at an understanding for our two viewpoints, even if they are different. Another would be cool.
One of my "conspiracy theories" is that Mississippi won't legalize because it would ruin the for-profit prison business and give Black farmers a chance to break into a new agriculture on the ground floor. Dunno about Idaho. It's so white it's kinda scary.
"Just being mad?" Haha. Calling someone an unsavable whore for a short stint in porn is a lot more than "mad."
Since 2005/6 when I first saw him, he's been a step apart in fashion. Zubas, mullet-tail, white denim vest. He tried to play the center pit at the Indy 500 one year and got a good chunk of votes to do so. And I know someone he went to high school with, and even he said Andy's always been like that. He's totally a rad dude.
Because sexist sign makers didn't assume Dad would be changing diapers.
It also helps you remember their name. It's a win-win!
There's a hospital in Dallas that had a famous hand surgeon. They have bronze casts of lots of famous hands from the 60s through the 80s. Wilt Chamberlain has LOOOOONG fingers. Andre's hands are really THAT big. Also, they have Larry Hagman's hands because Dallas.
Well, since it's all ours anyway...
A statue specifically? No. But there are LOTS of reports across the nation of cops and white nationalists hiding among BLM activists to cause shit: starting fires, fights, breaking windows, cops slashing tires... If BLM is pulling down statues of Robert E. Lee, why **wouldn't** these phonies pull down a statue of a "good dude" to make BLM look bad? They are already assholes.
Fuck yeah I would! Some of the most fun times in my life. I have been from Vancouver to Tijuana, Portland Maine to Miami shuffling around with a little punk band as a roadie. Just reaching out a bit lets you meet *so many* people and everyone has a story. Adventures were as easy as saying, "Sure! Let's drive to a covered bridge/pretzel factory/New Orleans/donut dumpster! Why not!" The US is crazy and a lot more varied than anyone thinks unless they've been around. Big cities or the middle of absolutely nowhere, good people make a great trip.
That's not bad design. It just came out of the machine wrong.
Here is a balanced and nuanced take on Confederate statues, if you need one. They were distributed around the country as the fight for civil rights began. Certain statues were even honored with speeches about how ['the Confederate soldier’s “courage and steadfastness saved the very life of the Anglo Saxon race in the South.”'](https://www.newsobserver.com/opinion/op-ed/article186178233.html) Statues are placed in cities that didn't even exist at the time of the Civil War to continue "revising" the history of the war. The Confederate leadership wasn't made of "imperfect" people. They attempted to maintain human beings as property. They only wanted "State's Rights" as a way to prevent getting overwhelmed by free states entering the Union and quashed that argument when it did not suit them. There is a **direct correlation** between Black Americans seeking freedom from 1865 through the 1960s and the rise of Confederate imagry. It was not circumstance.
That is not a mixtape. That's just a tape. A mixtape implies there is lots of different music coordinated by someone, usually it's just different songs by different bands and a friend made it for you. Mixtapes in the hip hop sense are rough mixes of new shit, sometimes with uncleared samples and such. Not being a "real" release means they can get away with more.
I recommend the first four books in the series. Ender's Game was written by Card to answer questions about Speaker, which he actually wrote first. They fit together great as a narrative. The next two, Xenocide and Children of the Mind are a bit weaker as reads, but flesh out the world better and raise their own questions. My way of separating art and artist are fairly easy. These books are 50 cents at Goodwill, free at the library. Card gets no money from me. Reading these books won't make you homo- or trans-phobic, nor will they convert you to Mormonism.
You're thinking of the "crying Native" from the littering ads. He was not Native American. He was just a dude with an Italian background. Come to think of it, that ad was in the same era as this movie.
I'll eat something spicy for the same effect but I say the nay-no to hot drinks. Nomads needed jalapenos and I need ice water.
A sixer of Corona is what, $6? I tend just to go for it and try anything cheap. I will say that I do prefer ANY OTHER Mexican lager; Modelo, Pacifico, Victoria, Tecate... There's tons of options that are similar but better.
As background, I am in my 40s, straight, but I hate most concepts of "gender roles," expectations of what traditional "manhood" looks like, and any attempt to dissuade someone from finding themselves. &gt;The question is, how do I classify myself? Cynical me says not to bother because people are going to classify you like they want to. Supportive me says it's entirely your call. &gt;Am I straight but I like feminine things? Sure! That's cool. &gt;Am I gay? Only if you are attracted to or have sexual feelings about others of the same gender. That is also cool. Lots of people I know seem to really like it. &gt;I've discovered the term "metrosexual" but I don't entirely fit under that. That always struck me as a weird faddish term for marketing and not really what I would call an "identity." &gt;A better question is, however, should I really care if I like that stuff? Yes. And you should do the things you like and care about them. Life is really satisfying when you do that. The better question is "Should I care what others think about it?" Yes and no. Yes for those who matter to you and are closest to you. If they hate it, it's worth the effort to try and help them understand. If they mean nothing to you, their thoughts don't either.
That was one scene in a movie. The air fresheners were there to cover the scent of the dead body. I have never heard of this piece of fiction getting used in real life.
That was okay, but we *really* need to talk about these turtle carcasses.
Holy shit, trying to explain the sheer intensity and forces of a car crash to someone that's just like "nah, I can catch myself..." Oh, it's maddening. And anyone that died in a seatbelt would have CERTAINLY died without it, no matter what numbnuts urban legend you've heard.
This is going to be a very quick rundown of some de-escalation tips. First off, you gotta figure out where they are at. If they are off-the-walls, throwing shit, attacking people kinda mad, that's nothing but "safely contain until they run out of steam." Don't let them hurt themselves or anyone else. If they are just a mad customer/partner/guy behind you in line talking shit... Start by letting them express what's going on. Try to prompt them to stay specific about events that just angered them, not life in general or their whole day. Just what's wrong right now. Repeat back a brief version of what they said to you, and end with "this is what I hear/understand/comprehend YOUR side to be. Is this right?" The next question is "what have you tried to do about this? What are you willing to do right now to get what you need?" And lastly, offer to help in a specific fashion with their ideas. This might take some prompting and patience to get real answers, but they get to vent, hear that you want to help, and they come up with ideas to fix it themselves.
Oh, you missed the sad one near All City Metals. Someone graffitied eyeglasses on it for extra effect.
The breathing part is *so* secondary that there is a "hands only/compressions only" version of CPR. Since no one has mentioned this yet, CPR is also hard. You push HARD and FAST. You'll probably crack some ribs. Even then, you'll still be doing a fraction of what the heart does since the pressure is coming externally.
Have you ever been to Florida?
"Y'all." Gender neutral, all encompassing.
&gt;PS. She puts the volume on odd numbers... I do that because I refuse to be held back by the "Big Evens." 23 loud is fine!
Or bought at the gift shop.
When you get into pop punk from the mid to late 90s and onward, it is entirely derivative of...well, itself. Inbred, if you will. Early pop punk bands seemed like they branched out into other genres for inspiration. The Ramones tried to incorporate elements of the music they loved; 3 minute Phil Spector hits on 45 but pushed through their unique Queens upbringing, monster movies, Coney Island... All that made great music. Later bands seemed like they ONLY drew on earlier pop punk bands. Nothing else. That lead to a stagnation of ideas and left us with the dregs of crap we've got now.
I think this might be on regards to the "pop punk is kinda sexist" thread. Which is true... The really POPULAR pop punk bands are almost certainly into "old fashioned boy meets girl" fare. (Bands like the Parasites, Buzzcocks, maybe(?) even Ground Round have songs that are ungendered so they fit anyone in or out of love.) But that's not pop punk as a whole and certainly disregards the lesser-known but still fucking awesome bands. A band like J Church could get dismissed as "just pop punk," but Lance Hahn wrote some *smart fucking songs.* Personally, I love pop punk. I know a ton of songs by heart, I have friends that were in pop punk bands, and I have gone out of my way to see good bands. It can be great, but it's also easy for it to be absolute shit.
Great, now I've got a hankerin' for fried okra.
I would rather kiss a rabid Chihuahua than deal with a snapper like that. He's lucky to still have that lip.
I don't like novelty shapes just because I don't know what they do with the leftover bits. Are they cycled forward into the next batch?
Uh, wrong? Yeah, wrong. Kids that turn 18 in care have already been prepped (if they participated) for life out of care. Apartments have been looked for, supplies collected, and income sources have been sorted out. Kids turning 18 in care also often have the option to sign up for "extended care," giving them until their 22nd birthday to continue living care, usually group homes. In some states this will include tuition coverage if you attend school in the state. Because these kids have been wards of the state, they are eligible for most forms of welfare right off the bat; subsided housing, grants and cheap loans for school, Medicaid until they get employment and insurance. And because I'm fussy, these kids aren't in the care of the US Government, child welfare is overseen by the state. They will leave the system with a team of case managers, CASA advocates, social workers, possibly a super friendly judge (some of whom are just *angels.*).
Uh, what?
Somebody sounds triggered.
"I though crossing the streams was bad, Egon."
Had a friend that knocked out teeth years back. When he lost a cap, he stuck carved bits of jicama onto the stub for shits-n-giggles. Plus, it's a tiny snack waiting to be eaten!
Back when "Tony Hawk" was still "Tony Chick."
Blue eyes, no hair. Fuckin' receding hairline.
People here have been so worked up about face masks and protests, I've forgotten all about murder hornets! Thanks for the reminder.
/r/retrofuturism would wanna see this.
Underneath the pod is a sticker that looks distinctly like Ikea product stickers.
That sucks rocks. Our movers were fuckin' awesome to the point I felt guilty for not helping more. Scour that contract, note everything, and make a solid complaint. If that doesn't help, threaten to get vicious on social media.
I can't believe those Antifa folks! Fighting "facism" in a *submarine?* More like "fishism." (Am I doing this new joke right?)
Is this some weird joke I don't get?
No. Well, let's go with "probably not." I've done wisdom extractions with only local anesthetic. I wasn't dopey from being gassed, but I still felt like I was punched in the face. (Kinda was, the dentist slipped a time or two with the pliers.) Couldn't really eat too well for a couple of hours. Maybe if you have a milkshake with a spoon? No straws until the clot is gone!
Boobytrapping, as I understand it, is illegal in the US. Threatening a boobytrap might not thwart criminals but it just MIGHT get the attention of law enforcement. They also just might want to dick around on your property to make sure there are no real boobytraps.
I was about 2 seconds from having my ass handed to me by a dude in school. There's no way my nerdy weiner arms could have been much of a threat. Luckily, one of the tougher dudes that I let cheat off my tests made him back down.
That's what a møöse gets for biting my sister.
If I have a medical issue I can't treat on my own, I see a doctor. If I have a mental issue I can't fix on my own, I talk to my therapist. If you don't have any mental issues standing in your way, why go to the therapist? You will almost certainly know if you'd need to see one.
He warned us that his heart, his achy breaky heart, could in fact BLOW UP and kill that man.
Congrats on the Plague Doctorate.
Which came first, "white fragility" or "snowflakes?"
But if they hadn't died in a stupid way, they would have possibly been successful in torpedoing Allied warships, transportation vessels, cargo ships, civilians...
The last discussions about "Black Fragility" were about reasons to keep them enslaved to white owners. ("Oh, they can't handle freedom! This is much better for them, the poor savage things.") Or "Separate But Equal." (Oh, it's much better of they keep to themselves.) Or forced testing/poll taxes. ("We have to make sure they know what they are voting for!") The last discussions about "Female Fragility" came about over voting, then birth control, then working instead of being a housewife, then combat duty... Yeah, sure. Saying "white fragility" is so *mean* and *undermining* to those *good people* who aren't racist on purpose. And that's the big line right there, **on purpose.** Being "fragile" is akin to not being able to handle ANY criticism of actions, intentional or nah. The author really spells this out later in the article, calling it a Catch 22 of label rejection or acceptance. "You either accept this *evil* designation or you fight it and you're STILL bad!" As humans, we are all capable of error, and racist behaviors are errors. And I know that if these criticisms came from a nicer voice or with less condemnation they might be easier to swallow... But holy shit, we still have to argue about why saying "colored people" is a shitty thing when it's been known to be shitty since I was a child. As white folks, we do have to grow a pair and realize that our self-congratulating colonialism has fucked up a WHOLE LOTTA LIVES on the way, and we're not fully through repairing the damage that's done across racial lines. How we communicate with each other is important for that end. If all you're doing is expecting OTHERS to change so we can "all get along" with no change on your part, you're becoming part of the problem.
Isn't the whole point of being "presented" as a debutante that you're young, single, (and probably a virgin) to "society?"
