*Start spreading the news*....
Nice I was waiting for a comment that had zero to do with what I was honestly asking. Guess it had to come from a Cowboy fan. So to ask again, what has he done for teams to be just clawing and scratching to get him?
Oh absolutely, not taking credit away from that. No disrespect to either Dungy or Gruden. But for all the hot rumors and what not surrounding Gruden. What has he done? What are teams expecting of him? To resume where he left off, a decade or so removed from actual coaching? Would Gruden's mystical appeal be predicated more on the fact he can coach a well built team and not so much build and coach a team?
Good thing Stafford was set before the hike or it could have gone badly. Very nice play execution.
My bet on XRP seems to be paying off. Nearly doubled my investment.
What were to happen if the Crows got addicted to the residual nicotine?
Greedy!
I can't you're wrong on that. No one gave a shit till Caitlin Jenner flipped the script and changed a book. And then suddenly it's "HAY GUYZ SOMETHING NEW FOR US TO CHAMPION!" I'd say you're pretty spot on.
In the context of NUCLEAR WEAPONS as a backdrop, those jokes aren't funny as you think and if they are you are a moronic shitwit.
I'm anticipating the most oddball of comments something like "FAT GAY BOI" or something off the wall, beyond the radar.
So basically we'll get Australia internet. This must NOT happen!
&gt;wondering how and why we all have money Hahahaha
Frosty is warmer than it is in Philly right now. Being a brisk 2 degrees and all.
I'm thinking it's more B than A.
He was throwing, refs just got it wrong.
The most isolated place known to man is in the very essence of that handshake. Good job OP, you've joined the ranks of Magellan.
C'est la vie, good thing we ain't married then.,
&gt;prompting the Penn State astronomer Jason Wright to famously theorize that the explanation might be that it’s not a star at all but a swarm of alien energy-collecting spacecrafts in a Dyson sphere-like formation. Man only if. Swarm of alien spacecraft in a Dyson Sphere formation? Professor wanted to so badly believe Aliens and Dyson Spheres both exist.
Some may see this as a conspiracy but the timing of this came right at the height of Bannon's book being released. This screams to me more of a smoke screen of distraction for the Right and Trump supporters than anything else.
Maybe that CIA Pension isn't giving him enough so he resorts to pandering to the cobspriactory masses?
I hope you get on binance soon then. Good luck, it looks promising. Does REX have a white paper?
Eli deserved better. Like wtf...
Literally anywhere else in the world honestly.
&gt;&gt;Euthanizing people who chose to break the social contract does nothing except improve everyone else's lives. Using the word euthanize here makes me think they would be a willing party to commit premeditated first degree murder. I'm not nuts in thinking that right?
Be easy to pick then out of a line up for sure. "Yes sir, it's number 3." *Line up suspect looks shimmering, like they just came from a Ke$ha concert*
Someone has to fill the Gruden void.
That's a bit of an eff'ing stretch to even be remotely funny dude.
He's just a living breathing oxymoron.
I've also read that if he sees an ailing business that has potential but is managed incorrectly he'll purchase it and make it better. Case in point, NetJets.
Are they both equally "black enough" though?
*Clucking noises intensifies*
That dude got banned. We don't talk about people who lose their life savings in paper accounts.
Free and limited. No thanks.
I've had my hands in spending more than I should have on a mobile game. But if I wanted pictures of anime girls, well...theres websites for that.
*Spent* and worse. Final Fantasy A New Empire. Faaaaar worse.
Why not? Professional Photographers place copyright protections to prevent reprints all the time. Those who are downvoting, instead of him stating an opinion that differs from your HODL mentality explain to us why what OP isn't entirely true?
Good news, but also fluff news because this: &gt;“Cross-border is where we think we can uniquely help,” said Mr Garlinghouse, referring to talks with MAS, while noting that no deal has been firmed up.
Fucking article they cited says NOTHING about bitcoin or cryptocurrency. What the shit is this?
This tested the public opinion in a big way. South Korea Ministry of Justice unilaterally made the decision to ban. The Ministry of Finance says they had nothing to do with it. Cue the goverment backtracking on it. Their election is in April as well and tie public outcry was huge enough for them to buckle.
Seeing as it's cosmetic, maybe the abilities will be the same but also cosmetically different?
General infrastructure that's taken for granted.
Kinda reminds me of Trump's election progress. Well sorta.
Wait till you see my heroic dragon. Out of context this can be taken in so many different directions.
*SPAM SPAM SPAM*
Just deny complicity but lie to Congress about it. Under oath. It's that simple.
Reading their 10-Ks wouldn't hurt.
150 years ago! In an alternate dimension.
Try /r/wallstreetbets if the only substance you have is a chart and not analysis.
Considering the Motley fool it's mostly click bait and poor analysis than just having an opinion. You and I have opinions. Allegedly journalists are trying to force a narrative.
That's if OP survives the alcohol poisoning.
It was like Madi Gras last night. Minus the fact it was stupid cold.
Gracefully falling sustains careers? Amazing science.
He's conditioned to it though so for him it's a regular day. For any of us it's perpetual boot camp.
Truth, even if it does sound a bit pretentious. Like someone screaming in a "I MADE YOU WHO YOU ARE!" kind of fashion.
Why? Your flair says bandwagon and Rams.
&gt;*~~zero~~ one result found* Here let me fix that for you.
They can though, and it won't bother me cause I didn't spend a penny to get Lyn or Reinhardt just got lucky.
Would they? You've read the TOS recently?
Pulling up bootstraps or what the fuck ever.
I'd say poor tackling, if Diggs get hit right there game is over.
*DEAD*
Yeah but Krillin is the **strongest** human on Earth. Cell saga? Yamcha gets a hole in his chest. Krillin? Goes toe to toe with a Cell Jr which was pretty much a carbon copy of Cell. Yamcha the weak one of the bunch. He's like the friend you messed with but can't hang anymore. But your boy Krillin? He'll throw down and bang with you, just say the word and he's down.
If they did we'll be seeing The People of Wisconsin v The NFL in court. Cause you know, Packers are the people's team.
&gt;On the surface she seems desperate for money and the chance to get her son back. Sounds like she wants to use the son as ransom.
It's a ~~Native American~~ Dutch name.
TIL
No, but we're passionate fans. It's just a warning. You don't gotta listen to it, but you will reap all the consequence of such. Bucs fans didn't hang around when they won. Be smart, stay safe.
Nah, wear your jerseys to the game. As an Eagles fan who cares? Just after the game hang around the stadium for a bit after the crowd clears.
Patriots plan of success, kill them with kindness. Then take away their will to play.
One can hope right? I usually avoid going to the games and just watch it at home or listen to it on the radio. I alone can't do anything about the actions and behavior of others. Can only inform others of such. When things happen it isn't just isolated go Philly, it happens in a other major markets as well.
Just stay after and let the crowds dissipate.
I need to do this with my son when he gets older. Father and Son bonding time. Shovel the driveway in T-Rex costumes!
How long would that process take? Depending on the duration of that cycle wouldn't that area of the sea be unusable?
Rodgers would be a 3rd or 4th round HoF inductee if he retired today. He wouldn't be first round, his accomplishments would pale in comparison to Brady or Manning. He'll get there but not as quick as his fans would believe.
In a dog mask.
By people, we mean the Giants?
&gt;we should have the OPTION to not purchase insurance without penalty and our tax dollars should not pay for others' insurance. My tax dollars shouldn't go to pay for roads I don't drive on but you don't see me moaning about it.
Correct me if I'm wrong. Did Bell lose them the game? Was he suppose to be on defense? Is he the reason why the score was 80+ points combined?
Because grand daddy BTC! But folks here see a threat against ethereum blockchain and it's like brigade this Crypto because it isn't on the eth blockchain and in the news! Give me a break. I go to /r/Ripple for ripple news. I don't come to /r/ethtrader to get some hot take from some idiots.
Like....who? During Reid's tenure we had great CBs and Safeties up until the end.
That was the beginning of the end, prior to that we had solid DBs
I mean let me not comment on the financial stability of others. He could be terrible with money, even if you make a lot if you can't manage it you're in dire straits.
"Okay we're just gonna pop you out...and boop in you go! Let's go for a *spin*"
Those times were under Kelly though. By a wide margin.
I don't want to distract you from Pluto getting destroyed but there's a Nitain Alert!
Whatever you wanna think hoss.
Pretty much, it's either gonna deaden the blow or get ignored.
Carson Wentz into the camera "You see me Vikings fans? *I'm the Viking now*"
Oh I know it is. Army buddy of mine use to tell me stories all the time when he'd meet Russian Army folks overseas. They'd trade their vodka rations to his guys in exchange for boots.
Midwest Cities aren't like us nuts on the coast though. Eh we'll see.
Well double jokes on you! Wentz injured was just a smoke screen that gave him the opportunity to complete secret training. He's going to assume his final form soon.
Nvidia tells Retailers to catch a lawsuit for them instead of shutting up and making more cards. News at 11.
After the game. Got some nerf guns in the back, it'll be fun. And if somehow McAdoo gets on the Vikings. Well....no amount of alcohol is gonna help you.
Pats OLine are gonna be playing out of their minds this game.
Go to a dive bar who is showing the game and playing 94.1 so Merrill and Quick and call the game. Cheap beers, some wings. No freezing your ass off.
I can understand booing, but fuck throwing stuff.
And not draft kickers in the first round.
Way to fuck up your car *going up the steps*, if true. But you can get to the top of the art museum just going the back way. It's totally accessible to cars.
Might have just been locally for PA but they did put up a 100 yr old war vet and Eagles fan talking about how they'd like to go to the game too, just in a mocking fashion.
I don't remember rioting in 2004, and we were favored to win then.
Cowboys fans? Sure. Redskins? Possibly. *Giants*? Never.
\#Doomsday2018
It's red white and blue. Like the flag. What do New Yorkers have against America? And it's Green. Like money. Wall Street is in NYC. What do New Yorkers have against money? Conspiracy....
And whatcha gonna do about it huh? Defend Goodell?! PREPARE TO BURN.
He didn't need to Jason Avant him. It got the job done!
*2019 NFL Season* Foles embraces Brady at mid-field after the game and whispers into Tom's ear "For the league" and explodes, executing his self-destruction clause of his contract.
Someone who is gonna die in prison.
You honestly think if we are 7-0 come week 8 because of Foles, that Wentz just steps back in with no friction? Really?
Didn't even know.
*We hold these truths to be self-evident that all teams of every color and creed can come together and say "Fuck Goodell!"*
Cephalon Hunhow for the Octavia quest should be on this list. My favorite boss encounter thus far.
But saying that means OP can't be edgy.
I just want to see Datto crunch the numbers on a build. Even tweeted him about that. No response *weeps*
&gt;Plummeting &gt;At $4k OH so a down payment on a car. Or two mortgage payments on a 400k house. So cheap!
PS4 :/
Don't expect any smack talk from either team either. Bizarro SB walk up.
While driving, on the phone, complaining to a sports radio host.
I need help with the mission right before it. The interception one.
Cause you know he has to do his job but also wants to stay healthy. Fuck him right?
&gt;You had one job OP To get clicks for some obscure website I've never heard of.
Folks tell me that The Office is so good. So I added to my Netflix to watch list. It's been on there for months and unwatched.
Not if we win the Super Bowl. Won't care at all.
What the fuck.
Saw the first or third ad of the half naked anime character and thought "Okay so yeah this is gonna be bad...." Didn't realize it was going to be **that** bad.
Ethereum has been a good investment for me. So are the stocks and funds in my portfolio. I diversify.
The better title is r/NFL simulator correctly predicted Super Bowl match up but was also wrong most of the time.
You don't like cheese on your steak sandwiches? You criminal.
Console stuff is different. Impact mods for rifle melee and pistols....not even sure what I use that should be built for impact.
Don't talk about OP's mama like that. It's rude...
Couldn't just lure him into a trap after the battle huh?
They can't just clone new teeth?
Oh? How early? Like....2015?
Yeah, they do/did. When those shorts expired Ackerman got creamed. Which is unfortunate because he actually seems like a good guy.
Try contacting them and seeing if they'll ship to you.
They better replace that fleet of Harrier's we lost in Afghanistan.
Define "too late" in the terms of time.
You mean when the market drops 0.02% and people flip out? Boy I got a story for you....
Looks like a picture of a galaxy.
Can't say "No blacks" but let's just make it painfully obvious without catching a lawsuit.
They'd still need to deal with Donald Trump though. Checkmate America/Rest of the World.
&gt;homeless underage youths So he's a pedophile.
You know what I mean.
This is the Super Bowl, he's gonna eat whatever Pizza he is served. 😑
So the NFL Giants are named after a Baseball team named after Giant NYC buildings?
It's like Stardew Valley just more exhausting and seldomly less rewarding.
So someone inform me. I know there's two Ant-men in the comics, both different people. Which one is the domestic abuser? And is it this one?
Yeah, but Stardew Valley : Reality edition, is basically just the opening of the game minus the letter from Grandpa.
If you put mayo on your Cheesesteaks I'm going to end you. For context (from GifRecipes) : https://gfycat.com/UnevenPleasingAlleycat
Yes, but also depends on perspective.
It boils down to money and exposure, nothing else. Maybe we'll see a Hawaii Super Bowl? Or maybe even an international one?
Fair point. If he sucks he'll have the least punchable face on the team right?
You can run all you want, she probably knew she wasn't going to survive the long winter and opted to end it all and come clean. Clear conscious to meet the eternal darkness beyond.
This Allen guy reminds me of Banner. Thank the heavens Snyder doesn't remind me of Lurie.
On the steps of the art museum trying to assert your dominance in a opponents city. Yeah that just screams respectful.
Good enough year to get the Dolphins pick in the 2nd round. That's a pretty good year for him.
Deserved it? No, but if they came here *not* expecting it they were deluding themselves.
Has Ash been vaulted yet? Cause that looks so sick.
Oh snap! That happened to me too during one of my solo escapades on the plains. I had to get my archwing to get up there and kill them. They were standing 3 feet above platform. Had to destroy all the rocket launcher platforms in the area though.
*Cackles in B!Lyn*
Whenever I'm leaving a Costco with my family I'm usually giving my son a piggy back ride. When we're paying at the register and going out the door I usually bullshit with the police at the door asking them what's the return policy on the kid. Just for some laughs and jokes.
Or even acknowledges, like damn man, kid has your blood. Don't make him a bastard.
What is dude on about? Like he's cool with folks having CTE without knowing.
This is what happens when you lose out in a merger.
Well Felwinter *was* a Warlock. Now we must discern if this is their final form.
Sure pal.
When copyright thieves are confronted you don't expect them to act like assholes?
What if Fallout 76 was like Cuphead? But in 3 Dimesions? Would that be Borederlands-esque?
The 1% but mostly the Koch Brothers.
Yeah, I should have been specific in regards to 900 RPM SMG in general and those that have that perk.
Keef gets shot at in NY goes to LA, dude is gonna murder someone.
I'm already rank 35 and got all the ornaments so if that does happen I'm prepared.
I think it was a part of the EDZ challenges. I know I got 40 at 5 Renown. Dunno why or if it was a one off.
Hey buddy, players can decide what they want to do. If you don't like it OH FUCKING WELL.
I'm proud of my Eagles and their accomplishments. If they decided to go as a team I'd been fine with that. But they ~~didn't~~ can't and I'm fine with that too. We picked up so many fair weather fans over the playoffs it's just dumb now.
McNabb finishing a game despite a broken ankle.
I'm aiming for 10 ranks a day, which is possible. Got 11 yesterday, hopefully 10 or more today and I'll be on track.
Just because they aren't commenting every which way about doesn't mean they don't know public sentiment. But they are a professional organization that must do due diligence before pulling the trigger or the professional backlash will ruin them more than anything the fans could do. No one would come here, staff, or player. You can't fire or let go based off a rumor.
I mean if America's Volcano erupted (Yellowstone Park) we'd all be dead within the year. So yeah...everyone would be talking about it.
I'm done with faction token farming for now. It's all sunshot now baby. Time to chain together those sunburst kills.
Bananas by me are 2 for a dollar. So 4 bananas.
How about we reconvene this celebration next February?
There was one in D1 too.
There's a No Land Beyond at the Farm. It's sitting on a high cliff you can get to with the jump boost. There's a scannable up there too.
It's like /r/aNormalDayinRussia just cuter.
Didn't Drake grow up without his dad?
QB all the way.
*....and thus the fires of war once again were stoked between the subreddits*
Man you are going up and down this thread just shitting on it. If you ain't contributing just sit down.
Since folks have said Marino, I'm gonna say Tony Gonzales. And by the way things are going Larry Fitzgerald.
You should direct this to the main liners who trundle down from their ivory tower.
&gt;I love when people act like discussing the post is pedantry. &gt; &gt;It’s a picture of a woman holding a pig, what the fuck do you want us to comment? It's a nice picture, a quick break from the "Hey here's my cat/dog/domesticated pet" picture posted EVERY DAY. Christ why cant you just let people have things without showing us all why you're still dwelling in your self imposed prison that is the basement of your own unsatisfaction?
PSA: anyone having any ideas about cheating this time around (again) pls don't.
Okay bigger question. What about vault space? Year 1 items + 2000 additional year 2 items? Collections better cover legendary stuff too
Thanks
BURN THE HERETIC
Instead of The-Go-Kid, you'd be The-Po-Kid?
BOY.
The dress reminds me of a Greek statue.
For folks who don't like Fallout 76, prepare yourselves. Bite the pillow, because Bethesda is coming in drier than a Ghoul.
And you'd be surprised just how many people are casual gamers who don't have enough time to get to 50.
This isn't really new. He said this during D1 as well.
QBs that put in their mouth guards before a play complete 100% of their passes.
Destroyed the Roster, lost the team, started losing, lost the fanbase. Cracks the size of the Mariana Trench started to appear in year 3.
RIP that dude's hopes.
Wants out but is signed for 2 years. Spurs ain't gotta trade him this year.
So not exactly like EA where upon paying $80 for the game there was the additional pay $3200 to unlock all the cosmetics.
You'll win if you short the right sectors.
Asset rich, cash poor.
Welp time to kill this merger...*with fire*.
Musk does this so often too. I remember last time when everyone and their grandma was down on TSLA and musk came in with some not very exciting news but whatever it it was it *crushed* short positions. It's pretty funny.
Folks are seeking asylum under the law. But they are treated like felons. It's like having the law on your side doesn't work out for you when the person banging the gavel is hitting you in the head with it.
Can't say I've seen worse. Though I stopped recording my own gameplay so there's potential there.
More like *Warframe intensifies*
If you had a simulator, there'd still be loading times.
No Bungie should follow the same protocol and have everyone be super underpowered for the beginning phases.
Wait. It came out already? My kids like Frozen. It shuts them up and encourages them to sing. Do people really have an axe to grind over the movie?
Yeah gonna pass on that. Her husband would literally roll me into a basketball and then dunk me in front of my friends.
I don't even want to think about it.
OP sees dreams, Cat sees rival.
Man if you don't know, don't talk shit out of your ass.
As a Sony player I've seen what you deviant Nintendo users do with you spare time with Zelda and uh....Stardew Valley. *You fiends....* (its always about money)
After reading the report this is all around terrible. For all parties involved. ~~especially the cops~~ (folks in the position of power don't get the short end they usually administer the hard end). The passengers in question appear to have been a part of a drive by that injured one person (shot in the abdomen) who returned fire. The car in question had the back window shot out and bullet holes along it's body. Kids didn't need to run but felt the need to do it. The cop didn't need to shoot but felt a need to do it. All around fucked up.
https://www.wpxi.com/news/top-stories/hundreds-of-people-protest-police-shooting-17-year-old/773155104 As for releasing the driver, I don't know? Why are you asking me like I'd know that?
There's no political will in this country to do it unfortunately. The religious right would have a fit. Amsterdam has done it right, and ethically i might add. While Crack is legal it is only administered via prescription and in a controlled setting.
We just gonna pretend sex trafficking is a myth?
Uh...new?
Yes Alex, I'd like to take Children Endangerment for 1000 please.
....he ain't from Wakanda though.
Wanna point me to where it says they are coming here with folks not a family member?
*Laughs in Vay Hek*
Thank you for everything, Gene.
MAKE THEM BIGGER
Clanmate got the merciless catalyst doing speed runs of prestige NF. Pretty sure it's just RNG.
It's neglible.
Recovery dictates how fast it regenerates. Falloutplays has a video covering it and there's a wide different on how fast you regen hp from 0 recovery to 10 recovery. Current meta with the Lance and wing resilience would be helpful to give you the opportunity to survive 3 bursts. You would probably sacrifice some in mobility and recovery though.
https://youtu.be/UbxJCcqQvXU It's decent, but 10 recovery will have you at full faster than anything else. So it's gonna depend on your play style. High recovery looks appealing though.
Her clapback though. His "flirting" was on a scale of 0-10, a one. Her clapback went right to 10 with the scammer jab.
Every year for every NFCE team.
Congrats to Harden. Still think LeBron got robbed. But Harden also deserved it.
Does debilitating anxiety over our current political spectrum count as an ailment?
I usually run the revolver alongside an SMG, and either Orewing's Maul or Flash and Thunder just to harass and finish if the situation arises. It's so much fun!
OP admit it, he's just a better shitposter than you.
*So meta*.
When futbol is life.
No, they were intentionally bankrupted by Bain Capital and other equity owners who saddled Toys r Us with a few billion dollars of debt. They were a profitable company prior to that.
Yeah but what if it weren't his choice to decide? Would he sue the vessel to bring it to term? I'm being sarcastic about to usage of vessel, if anyone is concerned.
That dude is my spirit animal. Make a comment that gets a lot of karma. Proceed to continue talking and give all that karma back in downvotes.
Real life internet, hold my beer moments.
"Boy ain't no one got time for this death"
Looking at how everything went down that officer was in a very precarious scenario. Trying to detain one suspect while the other is unattended and practically roaming around freely, even coming in touching distance with the distracted officer. Changing a few things around that officer is lucky he wasn't stabbed in the neck.
What was his reaction if you use it for the spring Faire? Anyone? Feel free to user the spoiler tag, but I don't mind it being spoiled for me.
Yeah, it was more PR damage control than anything else.
The halls of Valhalla await you! Edit: or if you're feeling frisky, Svongarde.
Some of us are here for laughs, everyone else is here to show how mad or broken they are as individuals.
Hamstring injuries are bad, because it's a group of muscles that make it up. Difficult to treat as well at times.
Mine occurs when I'm driving. Bonus round comes around rush hour where tempers flare and the arguments become super heated.
Imagine if the illuminati got together and said no more big wars but to address over population they started the anti-vax movement. This was the dumb people or willfully ignorant are purged from the annals of humanity.
3 times is good, the title lives up to its name of being unbroken cause after getting to fabled most folks said eff it.
Inaugural address. Super stable, has outlaw and kill clip. With kill clip active you will 2 burst most Guardians.
Folks already have it though. Gigz posted it with him with the title. So does Lumi. It seems like getting to Legend during the Claymore phase counted towards the progress. Then for NF and now for WB.
You're still cool with me mods, folks wanna get at this now because it's hot but whatever, it's not the end of the world if it's now or later.
Every gun was a God roll essentially in D2 v1.
PCMR would have a fit, I love it.
The store could have hired one of those motionless statue performers to do this. Probably wouldn't have not sure how the general Japanese populace would react to a moving statue.
Picking the Pats at least yields you practically a 50% chance of being right. Aka the lazy pick.
His financial policies during his Presidency even hurt his investments. He did not care, the USA as a whole came first.
I saw DrLupo with one. It looked pretty well made.
Phillipine senator is about to end up arrested.
Hey DE, not sure if you are watching the fiasco going on with Bethesda but please, do your best not to fuck up like they are doing right now. That said let's see if this works out.
It's also a felony. And for those kids who don't think felonies are a big deal they should committ one and turn themselves in and see how they are treated by the system.
This meme about Capt being shocked seeing black folk out and about doing normal life stuff is boring. Capt would probably be the most progressive character you'd ever meet in the Marvel Universe.
Grown ass man, makes grown decision about cheating. Can't pay the grown man cost of said cheating. Obviously it's our fault for this turn of events.
Where did I say organized labor as a whole? They are fucking referees with ZERO accountability. Bad call after bad call after bad call. Game deciding calls. Fuck out of here, that's all bullshit. So yeah, they ain't getting fired, and ain't shit changing because guess what? Referees Union.
If you aren't aiming for it the gun is pretty worthless.
It's a fun gun to use be I don't see it being used competitively right now. It does most of its damage up close and being so close to shotgun range you're in for a bad time.
Free hand grip probably.
Hamster in a wheel? Sounds like Australian internet.
If you aren't going to make use of the magnificent howl perk you're better off using a Duke.
Not powerful, mine dropped at 616. I'm close to 630
The Forges have not proved matchmaking was a bad idea. Stow the negativity because the community has been straight up DEMANDING matchmaking. You just unlucky being matched with salt for brains players. Lower your own salt content to counter that and if you don't like it LFG and make your own fireteam. Try /r/fireteams if you want.
Can we just take in the moment where we are looting dead bodies of other sentient creatures to be used in baked goods for other lightbearers, and appreciate just how metal that is?
Man if that happens I don't know about the off season. If Foles balls out again man....im going to take a long vacation when it's all over.
I'm always in support of calling out bullshit. Especially in a repost den such as /r/gaming.
Even after all that folks around is telling the guy to "please stop", not because he's out of line, he was totally in the right. Everyone witnessing it knows the full extent of what happens. Absolutely nothing. If anything it gets worse.
And last night he added the Chiefs to his family roster. They all woke today and had a new daddy.
Can you imagine sitting dead lock traffic with a senator and congressman next to you? Roll the window down and ask them how that highway infrastructure bill is coming along.
The activity would take as long as a gambit match if there were only two of three people fighting. Maybe it doesn't have an afk mechanic? I don't know if I buy that outright. Even story missions have afk mechanics.
Let us all pray Rivers gets a ring. Let not all his talent and efforts go to waste.
A battle for market share. The same market share PC games don't have.
Cardi should take him back, but with a condition of getting a post-nup.
Fuck his supporters, it's not about them, it's about the rest of the country by majority.
Would give a chance for Bungie to introduce? Praedthy as a vendor character.
Wow, Goff is lucky he didn't get a leg injury from that hit. It was super close to being really bad.
(PS4) I just set my date back one day and loaded into artifacts edge with a subtle calamity, killed the minotaur from the landing spot and loaded back in. If you want them to continue to spawn kill the goblins before taking out the minotaur and it'll spawn back in.
Yup!
When being a circlejerking smart guy goes wrong.
Philly doesn't look near as nice in December. Kid wouldn't be wearing a T-shirt in this weather or CPS would be banging down someone's door.
I get ya, but to believe the kid is gonna be in a t-shirt and the dude in shorts in the background with sunny weather is a stretch on believeability, seeing as we're in winter.
Have there been complaints? Cause I've been too busy grinding guns to care about the peanut gallery of whiners.
Bobby Fischer: Look at me. I am your daddy now.
Why is everyone's world leader dumb as bricks?
OP, next time shoot the shark. We need to confirm it's not like a hidden boss or something.
Is drug use in teenagers down across the board? I would figure black marketeers would move onto harder drugs like opoids.
Well if you're a gwisin vest/Raiden flux hunter, or dawnblader/well of Radiance lock I could see benefits? Beyond that, maybe not so much?
If you make the decision to support a war you finish it out. You dont withdraw your troops because you threw a tantrum over the phone with Turkey because they want to kill Kurds and you're too much of a thin skinned dunce to stand your ground.
The war we had against ISIS, in that region of Syria, we were winning, why is it so terrible to wrap your head around that?
If you told anyone of us that we could karma whore and the prize would be a trip to a destination we have never been and wanted to go, very few would bat an eyelash as they proceeded to whore themselves out (for karma).
If your kids aren't out of the egg surprise phase, they aren't ready for a conversation about ethics on any topic.
Super unrealistic, even for porn. Poor blokes never get the chance to fuck the rich in the ass. It's usually the other way around.
Are we sure Redjacks are only Shaxx's robots and not the cannon fodder for Vanguard, Concensus, Crucible, dealings of clearing areas before Guardians are inserted? Or general security bots? We see Redjacks being dismantled by Drifter on a train being guarded by Joxer and Redrix. He took the weapons that were being shipped by Tex Mechanica. And it reads as if the Redjacks were on guard duty under orders of the City/Vanguard.
The Taken still operate because of Taken Quria who is simulating Oryx. It's in the lore books. That's how stuff still get taken. Also our Ghost is actually bad at math, as stated by them during a story mission in D1 I believe.
I think I've given Zavala enough cookies to make lesser Titans go into a diabetic shock.
Well D1 hasn't gone anywhere.
Can't wait till we arrive at the moment where it's no longer surprising he pulls up for a jumper.
Security_Doggo.exe has stopped working.
Yank here, only folks who don't drink think smirnoff ice is hard.
Man Eve players take it to the next level.
Completely nuts if you ask me.
What was the percentage of Russia that is actually habitable? Or inhabited?
Hey mods can you check if this isn't that fscoumea guy trying to dodge his ban?
Oof ouch ouch.
I still don't like it, but rules are rules and that was a damn good catch.
If he's not MVP then there's something inherently wrong with MVP voting.
Tywin don't you have a imp son?
Tywin that's now even canonical!
OKAY Tywin season 8 would have been great if it was flayed, then melted with dragon fire to be served in a pigeon pie.
Not a joke Tywin, it's a truth. Like how Jaime was boning Cersei.
Or this could just be a repost. There's also that.
You're right, it's roughly the size of a one story building.
PC gamers who complain about cheats in single player mode are odd. Like they've never played skyrim with mods? Or shit even Doom?
Wow. Lol. Okay thus continues the actually saga.
It's Bethesda, slacking off is practically their motto.
It's a gif so no. It just loops again.
Uhm are you Matt Smith? Likeness is almost uncanny. From the bridge of your nose and up.
Djax trying to feed on the hype and just stepped back and had no part of it. Vick just strolling.
The viability will depend on if you can still can get shot mid-blink.
&gt;solos crotas end Does entire raid walking backwards With a dance pad With inverted controls With speech controls ....list continues
Calus forgets one thing about Guardians, a thing forgotten to the annuals of space time. *Guardians make their own fate* My theory is that when these psions are looking into the future they are looking at potentiality and not cold hard future set in stone. We know there are branches of timelines, we've read of them in grimoire cards. Where the Last City abandoned Earth, where the Guardians fight the Vex on Earth, where the Darkness ultimately won against the Traveler, and where the Vex wiped Humanity from existence. We've read and seen all of this. But in the end, Guardians make their own fate.
Freddie "Gives no fucks" Kitchens.
"THIS IS NOT A DRILL XUR IS SELLING GHORN FOR FIRST TIME SINCE D1 REPEAT NOT A DRILL" *you stuck at a weekend long fun consuming conference but have Stadia and D2 on it*
Exotic perk: You never need to reload Holstered perk: when Holstered all guns never need reloading
Okay but why? They knocked us out, I get that, but they aren't assholes or their fans, save for the /r/nba cesspit.
Watching Luke Smith and Mark Noseworthy chuckle about "Captial issues" for doing cross save and other things made a poignant point that it was Activision holding that back vs anything else.
We kill Quria, then end the dreaming city curse, and after that we pop a root beer and count our glimmer and armor mods.
But have you tried Warframe yet? It's pretty good. It's also free.
Would you do her taxes?
ESPN: Patriots HC is tired of winning, "It's exhausting". Also exact title posted on not the onion sub garnering 100k votes.
M'Wide Reciever.
You know, I read this and thought they didn't do a good job or inserted some slow loving disco music somewhere in the raid. Or like a transition area had elevator music or something.
Remember when the alt-right tried to make Gritty "theirs"? Lol
The only time the Patriots are that low these days are in the draft.
I think it's just a confusing matter of him owning the Cowboys every season.
"You Thought!" - Josh "I'm a lying face bastard" McDaniels
US here and it's relatable.
So wide receivers count as corners or safeties?
I have friends who are like this, I think my buddy has just grown accustomed to rooting for Pats because of his wife. Even if I think he's dead inside.
True enough, I've only been thinking present tense.
Hold AMD.
T_D shills are gonna turn this place into /r/conspiracy
Gendry saw some shit, Tormund just looks like that.
Inversely NK attacking SK would mean drawing the US into the conflict and we got bigger bombs than they do. SK would be devastated, NK would be annihilated. For clarification when I say NK I mean anything that wields some semblance of governmental power.
That is just a scam impersonator. You see it with the founder of ETH. Everything matches, except for the fact the the scam teases folks with eth and ends up taking eth from them.
So you creeped on a guy watching porn and then took a picture of it?
Yeah it was.
Guess it depends on what's getting you off. You've never came onto a video that you questioned yourself after the fact?
Okay, so I don't want Toronto to win anymore after tonight.
Chernobyl. If that's the case we might all be dead from it.
It's propaganda, there are infinite timelines as mentioned by the Stranger and Osiris. The Guardian lives in Canon. And they make their own fate.
Shout out to 360GameTV and Esoterrick for simple voiceless video guides.
&gt;What is Rich Paul doing that is wrong? Not representing the fans' wishes. That's what he's doing wrong. He's representing the guy who pays him and not **us**.
*Guardian down*
Yay new DLC! In queue 198704 of 198704
As far as I'm aware he loves the Destiny franchise and is a player himself. Beyond such I don't know much about him.
NTA but for your professional sake I'd talk to HR first.
That's a lot of hours for someone in his position at Xbox.
Yup that's the one. I hope she gets to see it.
Got a repost for /r/gaming
Why not? When one team fails the fanbase switches to another sport. If you have only one team one can only imagine how debilitatingly boring things will get
Damn man that's cool.
It cuts out just before the downvotes start. Just your typical HQG socialist propgifanda!
That clearly means he has a lot left in the tank! /s
Yeah Irvin doesn't seem to see it that way.
They get to hold the stop watch.
That's evident. Your geography of Philadelphia is from the perspective of a tourist and not someone who has lived or even visited it enough to know where's what.
Running Warden of Nothing we used, void, blackout, grounded, extinguished, with a multiplier of x5. Netted 260k
Playing with a power cap. Set the modifiers and adjust the power cap accordingly
The deck of the Leviathan we are on hasn't seen anyone in a very long time. Calus admits to this in his grand laughter at the opening dialogue in Menagerie. Everything around us is decayed or decaying. It's not like the first Leviathan raid where everything is shiny. It's all falling apart.
Easiest raid to flawless.
Keep up with the platform bashing and you might not be posting here soon.
Lots of folks skip the strike and farm grenade launcher points in blind well. So yeah they are okay.
That video of her probbaly has killed more people than all the wars combined. If you're from Georgia.
Wait friends don't spot each other? Support and love each other through easy and hard times.
Yanno I know folks want him to stay but he could very well leave too. Not for any sense of "unfinished business" nonsense. The future is his to shape. Rights of a champion.
I plead the fifth.
Some folks need things to grind, I'm doing all my characters in preparation for Shadow keep. Some enjoy PvP to an almost sociopathic state. And there's others who just complain about it.
Unfortunately, you aren't all the kids who get hit, in the world. While most of us did get a whipping, there's others who do and they ain't turning out right. Kids act out because of fear, anger, and the need to have some control in their lives. By nature they are forcing control even if the results of asserting themselves leads to punishment.
Maybe Tom should up it to throw and catch both ways?
Today isn't Sunday, so I ain't gotta do God's work. 😂😈
That's my most favorite thing in this seasons Iron Banner.
It costs them money to push a patch through on console and on Blizzard. Even if it's reverting it because it's not a server side thing.
How many times are we gonna have to teach you old man!
Astley also sees very little revenue from that video. Like 2-3 cents or something.
She's also black, so I'm pretty sure she won't get an easy ruling after the original rejection on the plea deal and indictment.
Okay so this may go several ways so digging into it. NTA - You're giving him time to make his mind up about what may appear like his unrequited love to another girl. Though suggesting he and his family may never need to want for wealth again is a bit presumptuous by using your parent's wealth as a gauge, but it's also presumptuous by me suggesting otherwise. You aren't forcing him to marry you or suggesting he'd be doomed to poverty and destitution if he doesn't. But beyond that you should solicit his feelings on the matter. You may love him but is he able to return it? A one sided marriage isn't a happy one and the how you propose this to him he may feel trapped and almost obligated to marry you, whether he wants to or not which can possibly lead to a toxic, loveless relationship. If things are proposed in a heavy handed, one-sided manner, that you ignore his wishes, it may go in the complete opposite direction.
Canonically I don't think the skull talks to Shaxx, or anyone actually. An ahamkara that doesn't speak while in Shaxx's possession seems more badass to me.
Ah yes, government is doing batshit crazy stuff, must be a Tuesday. Tuesday seems like it's every other day.
Gang tags are more artistic than this scribble. Looks like my handwriting when I put my address on my trashbins thinking that'll be a deterrent from someone taking it.
LFG CoS must have Day 1 Emblem and 20+ clears, raid jacket, mountaintop, swarm of the raven, and unbroken title. Only doing Witch's Ritual. */s*
WSB majority motto "We lose money so you don't have too!"
Guess I'll try and be ascendant when I run it tonight.
Yeah, the strange thing is lawyers aren't legally allowed to advertise lawyering services. They have to do it in a round about way.
At this point there's nothing in the suit of armor.
Banning someone for speaking their gaming opinion is a pretty bad thing.
I don't need someone to validate my gluttony. I know why I'm having fat kid tendicies, it's a coping mechanism for depression and anxiety due to financial responsibilities.
My spin: Jets have one more super bowl than twelve other teams.
He rips every NFC East team, Eagles included. As an Eagle fan I'm sure he'll get into every single position, at Wentz, Cox, Pederson, the Secondary. It's fun and games. Just jokes. He did Dallas just last week.
Best movement and escapability by far between any of the other classes. Movement that allows for ability recharge. Lowered hit box while using class ability, tracking grenades that will chase you from A point Vostok to C point. Hunters value utility and a neutral game with hidden access to punish unwary foes.
Lilo: (turn out to be the FBI agent and your location has been triangulated)
&gt;Some users had apparently encouraged violence against law enforcement, angry that officials in Oregon were trying to bring back GOP state senators who fled the state to avoid voting on a climate-change bill. That bill died btw.
Want to prime some food? Sweat some garlic and ginger in a pan.
Could stand to be paid more. Though WNBA doesn't pull in the same figures as the NBA.
Maybe it's ransom for having that defense win him his last championship?
Guess y'all are Mary Poppins now?
This sounded like a set up to be honest.
Biden has a point that the federal goverment shouldn't force States to do something, but at the same time Kamala isn't wrong because States who make their own decision will decide to not do, or do something. Then you're going to get lawsuits person vs Dept of Education or (State) Education Board saying what the State is doing wrong and must shape up.
It's likey, Disney may have a lot more in store if not already road mapped even if it's just boiler plating.
The Eagles face the Seahawks in the Injury Tent Bowl.
They win the game on another Minnesota miracle and then lose in the NFCCG. Who says no?
There's 16 games he'd have to throw, he'd have to do meetings, calls, and be a coach. That's not a simple feat of just phoning it in.
Reminds me of QBB before the nerf to its aim assist.
I figured the Guardians killed everyone that could bring Oryx back, save Savathun.
It could be argued the death of the Undying mind was the catalyst that allowed the Psion Flayers to take over the Corridors of Time. As if the Undying Mind was the Guardian of the Cooridors. Without it there the Flayers could go unchecked. So it's related.
Bills are eternally fighters. It's that Jim Kelly spirit.
Our guardian was the one to kill all those fallen, the walker, and the Servitor while Saint held the Ward of Dawn at Zephyr Station.
That's a pretty stupid hot take, saying half the fan base don't adore Wentz. Stop listening to WIP.
I'm going to disagree as the mission dialogue explicitly said those Fallen were from the House of Rain, and we broke all their toys. Breaking the Weapons of Rain is a literal thing.
If it's a direct quote it should have been printed and the FCC could do fuck all about it.
*"Thank you for your question. As the new Coach of the Dallas Cowboys I'm focused on building a future and ushering a new Era of football for this storied franchise and not conjure up the past."*
GO TEAM BEAT OTHER TEAM!
Well did they have had Cheesesteaks?
Eagles as of recent have made good decisions on basis of what needed to happen. Besides picking up a WR during this season. Other teams need to play catch up. But they can take all the time they need. I'm not biased to them making bad decisions. Not at all.
/r/Wallstreetbets holds that sentiment.
I had a run in with Dhani Jones when he played on the Eagles. Dude is a total asshole.
Either it's NY or San Fran.
If all our Eagles remained healthy this year, we'd be in the NFCCG again.
Roses are red, orchids are blue. You're banned for cheating in PvP, jokes on you.
I remember what you guys did to your sub that one time. Changing it from nygiants to a sub about bread or something? Was pretty funny, given the nature of why it was done.
Sounds like propaganda to me.
Also very canonical.
SBMM ruins destiny more than eververse ever will.
Coach coach! We need a run play, I need to smack 55 in the mouth!
Great selection OP. Loved the Bao short.
What sort of loser head coach only has one super bowl win right?
Sure, but if you go back a few generations in those States, today would seem like utopia considering.
To this day the players of the game still contest that he didn't catch that ball.
Doesn't sound like you play Destiny very much.
Like almost 1% of Missouri's actual GDP.
TLDR: Eagles fans don't need this bullshit rehashed either.
It's cozmo, btw not cosmo
I'd like to think they just put lore away in storage temporarily.
Last person to bad mouth Roach got kicked in the head. You've been *Marked for Vegeance*.
Two Super Bowl wins, shitty production. Ill take that kind of shitty production.
What if a ship named Behnard Pollard comes into the harbor?
I need a refund on 2020.
Might be leaving out the small detail that misogynist were blasting her on Twitter regarding her want for more inclusion in films industry in general.
It may take longer than ten days, the incubation period of the virus seems to be as long as 4 weeks.
The culture of losing, that would turn anyone off. Including fans.
Justice Roberts won't do anything as he's refused to take part in anything that has been political e.g. Gerrymandering. Nothing will happen as far as SCOTUS is concerned.
It's easy to be a poet when you talk about the things you love most.
If Wildlife markets get banned, can we also ban anti-vaxxers?
What about Owl Sector?
Guess I know who I will and won't invite to the train.
Can Chinese people be racist against themselves?
Brees is writing a new book to make up for the lost value of all that jewelery he bought. "How to Lose your Receiving Corp in one easy step."
Wait why is E&amp;L saying sorry and not Spez himself?
Fuck what Kanye has to say.
Can't unsay what you said Brees, wanna show you are sorry? Fucking prove it.
Guess the caption isn't a part of the aricle
Wait till we see that they don't care.
I'd like him to actually to post a video of him saying it, I want him to be about his words. I want to see action behind them.
I believe the Cambodian Association was marching and were holding signs.
I nominate WoopzEh to be all around mod.
&gt;Although I never meant to imply that I am an ‘elite white person. We know Jake, and if you ever take the field, your offensive line and opposing defense will remind you of that.
Confederate Patriot is just another way of saying traitor and war loser.
/r/raidsecrets
Lol.
Hedging their bets, and posturing knowing full well they have zero say in what the US does or doesn't do when it comes to South Korean political affairs with the North.
Sounds like he can be sued for wrongful death as well.
Yo mods kindly unremove this. What the hell?
I mean just use for it the NFL and he can always trademark something else. That's well within his ability.
It looks like endless entertainment.
Dunno man someone did this in Menagrie and I reported him twice and they got removed from the pub.
&gt;Giant Egg &gt;Size of a Football Pick one please.
Brady was a Florida man all a long!
Faith? So he's fucking kids now?
White folks talking like Black folks don't got guns too.
Perfect time to not die from covid19. **Wear Your Masks!**
Fuck that bombing, fuck the deputy mayor, but also fuck MOVE.
It makes it abhorrent. If either branch of government gave a shit about the military they would have passed bills protecting veterans of war instead of letting the system chew them up.
I have an appreciation of not being a blobfish.
