In Idaho they drop a potato.
That's them
Toronto, and dude this honestly has never come up before (possibly because I was a renter until recently). As it happens, just before I left Toronto the city did bring around new bins with fancy locks to keep the racoons out, albeit not for the asking, just one say these guys walked along our street dropping them off.
Whoa a councillor? Impressive service!
Thank you so much! And yes I have found everyone very welcoming so far. :-)
That's incredibly sweet! The fact that she could have eaten it but instead bought it to you should tell you volumes about how much she loves you.
Yes I've had cats, and the presents they bring are true treasures, in no small part because they could easily snarf it down as a snack, but make a point of bringing it to the human instead.
My heroic furry hunter (RIP) used to do that lengthy meowing as she climbed the stairs with her catch in her mouth (usually a sock, sometimes a hair tie) before dropping it before me and modestly walking under the coffee table while I enthused at her sock-catching abilities.
A bumbling idiot that didn't want to win, won over a superbly qualified candidate. I don't think I'd advertise that if I were an American. (Just how much do you hate women?)
Bagger is lucky to have you - - and you being him inside, this weather is nothing little critters should be out in!
What attitude? Valuing competence? Once again, wouldn't go bragging about that.
That interviewer-- "what's the singer's name?"
That interviewer sucked: "what's the singer's name?" Jeezuz.
It could be exactly as straightforward as it seems; your dad stuck around to watch over you. It's sweet as can be.
Yeah sure, but then again you can't see radio waves and you can hear them (if you can get tuned in) so perhaps it's like that.
Kidding?
That spelling is to avoid ambiguity.
I'm so sorry that has started happening.
Reputedly she was in the process of divorcing him when he launched his campaign. The papers are meant to be finalized just not filed. Can't imagine how good the payoff is to keep her around when she hates him so much. No wonder she was crying on election night.
Ghosts on the tube-- I think that is the title, really good documentary about the London subway and its ghosts.
Irony Man - in which Robert Downy Jr. is diagnosed with anemia.
Them being funny.
Yes, the viper room.
I love this story more than I can tell you.
Were you the one performing naked for a bunch of strangers ? No? Had you been (or in some similarly vulnerable situation), your opinion might be different.
Roseanne is Jewish?
Genuine question: is there any scenario in which one can have sympathy and/or empathy for the stripper that would not be white knighting?
Tangential I know, but those Random Capitalizations both demonstrate how stupid he is, and are the kind of thing that infects young minds.
Dude, what you don't seem to grasp is that *to you* it's just a song; to the person it actually happened to it was a reason to leave.
Yeah, because why believe a sex worker might be scared? It's not like they're human or anything.
Is groping really "part of the deal"? There are rules forbidding touching the strippers in many states; given the way she reacted I'm willing to bet this was one of those states.
Did *you* read your comment? You never at any point acceded that she was scared.
And you consider *that* to be an acknowledgement that she was scared?
I don't believe you think it's silly; I will ascribe to you whatever motivations suit my narrative and discard your account of how you feel. what you think/ why you behaved as your did. See how you like it.
shut the fuck up
Thanks for your input
What's your take on his treatment of the gold star family?
Do you see this time as something the GOP will never come back from? Like something that would make them have to rebrand completely?
Why has Tim's jumped the shark? I'd really like to know \(and I am not an adherent, so you can't offend me.\)
with what?
He was lucky to have you.
The Khans
It's always worked for him before. Had he not been born with a silver ladle in his mouth he would be a used car salesman.
Would be fascinated to hear about it.
I'm sure I heard someone say it on the Sopranos too... Isn't it one of those expressions that's been knocking around for ages?
If OP does this they will know who is behind any subsequent report.
My first thought was that Cannon was no longer crusty enough for them. Thank you gentrification!
You seem to have a lot of interest in shooting the messenger. In his place the CAS would be my first thought too-- so I guess you're going to stalk my account in search of evidence to discredit me now? Edited because I forgot a word; I guess that proves I am wrong to put the children first, right?
You're deflecting. The kids are what matter here.
I disagree; the guy actually hearing it thinks there's enough there to prompt concern.
They have left? Were they driving their neighbours away?
In my area everything is way up on last year and houses don't seem to sit on the market very long. Then again, the area is emerging from being a crudhole, so perhaps that's different to the neighborhoods that were already nice.
How is this an easter egg?
Is this in Boston by any chance?
Given the proximity of their new location to the planned Gibson lofts I wouldn't be surprised if the Ungovernables made a reappearance on the construction site. Because fight gentrification!
I love you so much for this.
Sidebar: it never ceases to shock me how free he, of all people, is with insults about people's appearance - - i mean he'll insult women because what else are they for if not to look attractive (obvs) - - but being so free with his contempt for the unattractive across the board makes me wonder if he has access to a mirror.
These sums seem to take it for granted that interest rates will stay low across the life of the mortgage. Is that a bet you feel comfortable making?
Well I really feel like I fucked up: put 40% down, have realistic plans to pay the rest of in less than 10 years. Kinda feel like a chump now.
Check out Ashley Judd's reversal of fortune after knocking back Weinstein for an instructive example.
My bad, did not notice him.
That's a very disrespectful way to refer to good old Rudi.
Didn't they find her that day after continuing with their hike (like slightly after thus shot was taken). She was only about a minute away from them, albeit with two broken ankles.
You are in for such a treat.
Trump is very much like this; reputedly if anyone benefits from him/association with him in any way he feels wronged, like something has been stolen from him. Hence his insistence on shitting on his allies (Mike Cohen would be a perfect example of this.)
You have activated my facial sprinklers.
I totally hear what you're saying, but sometimes the friendliness is a way to not be dead /hurt.
"my preferences trump your safety!"
I was just thinking that - - a book of your poems with the images that prompt them would be awesome. Your work is such a pleasure to read.
I kinda took that to mean dehydrated.
Does this happen? Do American jails invoice prisoners? (have never heard of such a thing.)
Take a look at the private prison system for even worse abuses. Edit: (all the below taken from QI word for word) * 5% of the world are American; 25% of all prisoners are American. * 2.3 million Americans are in prison – one in every 99.1 adults * Proportionally, Americans imprison more than twice as many as South Africans, more than three times as many as the Iranians, more than six times as many as the Chinese. * No society in history has imprisoned more of its citizens than the United States of America * One in 30 men aged 20 to 34 is behind bars, but for black males, one in nine. * There are more 17-year-old black people in jail than in college in America. You're not allowed to bring into America anything that's been made by forced labor or prisons. But in America you could almost say, if you're so minded, that they've reinvented the slave trade. They produce, for example: * 100% of all military helmets, ammunition belts, bulletproof vests, ID tags, and other items of uniform. * 93% of domestically-produced paints * 36% of home appliances * 21% of office furniture, which allows the United States to compete with factories in Mexico because of course the workers can't refuse to work for 25 cents an hour
I thought that too at first, but then again I knew people at uni who were 17 in first year, so it certainly happens.
The saving grace is the rescue of her baby; now for the little one to be raised in love.
I feel really bad for him.
Why would the housing market crash mean high internet prices?
What the fuck is he talking about? Isn't this the exchange that revealed that he thought the life insurance advertised on Fox was health insurance?
He enjoys shitting on the US's allies *almost* as much as deepthroating Putin.
What do you mean "not just accusations?" What about the words from his own mouth?
So this is your response: * What has the well\-known racist/ misogynist ever done that was racist/misogynist? * words out of his own mouth don't count * yeah well that racist thing he said is true!
Hence the multiple bankruptcies and the fact so many refuse to deal with him.
Reminds me of the lawyers who took to meeting with trump only in pairs as if it were just him and one lawyer, he would lie about what was discussed /decided.
You're really lucky he's hanging around (if that is what is happening), just as he was really lucky to have your love and that of your mom. Why don't you try talking to him out loud, just tell him whatever's on your mind \-\- although in your place I would probably just be gibbering about how much I loved him. What is the downside of doing such a thing? Worst case scenario, you will probably feel either better, or weepy, and then better. All the best.
Wait, what? John waters was pissed on playschool?
Your grandfather was a badass.
You can't reason someone out of a position they did not reason themselves into.
This doesn't make sense to me \-\- is the idea that we are disappointed by what we get so decide that it wasn't worth striving for in the first place (because that is what it sounds like)? The outcome of that thought process would probably be 'don't try,' Fwiw I regard my day\-to\-day life with quiet wonder at the incredible progress I've made and how far away it was/ seemed only a short time ago \-\- at least I do when I remember to stop and look back down the trail and see how far I've come. The fact that most of the time I don't think about what I've achieved to date doesn't mean it holds no value, rather that I'm ready for the next thing. It's normal to want to improve your lot in life.
Was the dog ok?
What about giving the baby access to water, would that be ok?
His senior will? What's that?
Plenty of places will not have a copy to hand. Stupid I know, but you're supposed to bring five copies of your resume with you to the interview. On the upside you look organized and efficient when you can just pull out those precious hard copies.
The love he gave you lives on in you. I certainly hope you are practicing your bear hugs.
Then you better get to practicing stat!
She should have stopped me, it's all her fault.
The funny part is that he said it out loud.
Which does not make it less embarrassing.
How does this square with something like the OJ case?
How do you think the similar statements come out? Someone is brave enough to speak out first.
So glad someone else had that reaction too.
Are the victims of housebreaking routinely punished for speaking up? Because the victims of sexualized violence are, so it's hardly surprising so many keep quiet.
It's hard to know if you are kidding. Sexual assault victims are put through hell. And whatever your naive fantasies may be, going to the police rarely results in an arrest and hardly ever results in a conviction. Re: Hardwick, were you expecting her to report him for being a douchebag boyfriend?
Sexual assualt victims are put through hell first by the attacker, then by the police force, then in a courtroom -- if it gets that far-- but mostly by people like you, who appear to be experts on how victims should behave despite, by your own admission, coming from a position of ignorance. Also, believe it or not, testimony *is* evidence, not that I would expect a woman's firsthand account to satisfy you. A man's word might.
Once again you are an expert on how victims should act. Read the portion of the article when she says it was like digging for water, that has resonated with a lot of other victims. btw when you say stuff like the above ("why didn't she leave?") you are telling the people around you who have been/are/ at some point will be in similar situations of the contempt with which you regard them. You are in essence telling them that it is their fault, and they deserved to be ashamed of whatever hell they're enduring. That is part of the reason they stay with their abuser and/or stay silent about what happened to them. The rest is down to the expertise of the abuser, who picks their victims wisely.
You seem to have a lot more time than I do; think whatever you like. It will happen to someone close to you one day, perhaps then you will realize the damage you have done.
This is where my vengeful side says to put him through the hell he inflicted on others. It would be fitting.
Two details from the article made things just that tiny bit worse: apparently the kids were killed following their abuse, and Scully is a father. Jfc.
He loves you, the fact that he came back should demonstrate that. You will see him again.
What aspect of losing 10k is consoling?
Was it? First time I have ever heard this. Sauce?
Agree.
Spelled out is not the same thing as onomatopoeia.
Definition: the formation of a word from a sound associated with what is named (e.g., cuckoo, sizzle ) Think of it as the word making the sound of the thing it is describing: crack is onomatopoeic, so is buzz, so is honk. Do you see what I mean? edit: what did I do to get downvoted?
I feel like I'm watching Doug from Up.
What do you mean the semantic joke?
Having told both parties that, in effect, there was no punishment for the aggressor and no protection for the victim, what were they expecting? Dumbasses.
That was my first thought. To take a slightly less loaded example, would the police make the victim of a mugging hug his attackers? Fucks sake.
Seriously though, that was their fucking answer? Tremble in fear but say nothing? Jaysus. Thank heavens for your mom and that marine hardass.
Found the high school bully.
I know this is probably not your happiest memory, but this story shows how much love you have in your life. edit: and *this* gets downvoted? jfc reddit.
Do you consider this a good outcome? (because it sounds ok to me, but then my vengeance would be mighty, so perhaps you found it less than helpful.)
Wait maybe I misread what you said, they asked you what you wanted them to do?
Stuff like this makes me wonder what the Americans thought was going on to vote this idiot into power. "I have the best words" is so brilliantly contradictory it's like satire.
So death is waiting for them when they get out of the water?
If this is the piece of film I'm thinking of (can't play it, on mobile) even the reporter couldn't believe it.
Nb I felt that way when Charles Manson died-- my dad got to 75, which is certainly not bad, but that bastard got almost another decade? Fucks sake. (I'm sorry for your loss; they are always with you.)
Did the kid laugh? No, and it was *his* birthday for fucks sake. What kind of asshole thinks humiliating a child on their birthday is funny? I hope he grows up wreak revenge by doing many, many equally hilarious such as sawing through one leg of a chair at the dinner table so whoever sits on it (ideally one of the cake smushers) goes crashing to the ground.
Which part would you say is not abusive? The public humiliation, the physical aspect of shoving his face, or the fact that now his birthday cake is ruined?
Slam it into the guys nuts (since the kid is sitting down this should be easy), see who can't take a joke then.
Yeah because the victim is the problem here
That is the kind of reaction they deserved (well not everyone else in the room, but the asshole who did it), maybe that kind of consequence will be enough for them to learn their lesson?
Black *dobby
If it hurts someone it's not a joke, it's just mean.
Found the person who would say to the crying child "you're too sensitive - - you're ruining the party!"
The alternative is a system that penalizes the poor/ disadvantaged even more than they already are, with a side of potential death to add to their lack of educational opportunities... which is de facto what ended up happening for much of the war. Wealthy kids could defer because of college, poor kids had no such 'out'.
Was putting them through a quasi draft lottery your idea? It's brilliant.
My god, that must have been unreal. Would you consider writing down some of your experiences of that time? My guess would be that you would remember things others here know only from history books -- or perhaps know nothing of at all.
What are you talking about?
And getting it over with is just what everyone wants from a sexual encounter.
Or if you're as vengeful as I am, pray to the God of your understanding that they do. It would be fitting.
Word, but the point she is making is that even acting cautiously is also wrong in the opinion of some onlookers... Who would have thought so many people were experts on how potential victims should act?
You're a hero
Your behaviour is the problem here missy, not the creepy dude or the serial murderer, and *everyone* gets to tell you how wrong you were. Do I need to /s?
Can you imagine how the exhaustion you are now experiencing from a bunch of strangers telling you how everything you did was wrong would be compounded by a factor of a million if you had actually been hurt by this guy? And yeah, it would be the same people, they'd just be blaming you for not doing the thing you are now being blamed for doing.
Your reaction to the asshole who had now deleted his comments are spot on Imo. He wants to blame you somehow, and quite overtly assigns greater value to a man's potential hurt feelings that a woman's safety. Dickhead.
Since the bird dog brings back shot birds, I guess that means that the barn cat brings back shot barns?
Is there another link? That imgur album doesn't seem to be up anymore.
and I bet there's a subset of people who know \*just\* what he should have done.
That is really interesting to hear because I've been told I look like Marilyn before the surgery. The positive comments on this thread have me feeling much better about being reminiscent of what I was calling "ugly Marilyn" .
Lp Lp
&gt;largely now impossible without seeming tragically absurd Now? It's always been both tragic and absurd - -and that's never stopped him. This is the guy who got laughed at by the world's leaders and somehow didn't take it in for what it was.
Psst, you're not wrong in your analysis, but he's *72, not 80.
Like pedo?
Why do you think the internships are going to well-connected college kids? It's at least in part because these are the rich parents who are footing the bill for their kids rent/other expenses (I mean, in DC that minimum wage second job is only going to get you so far.) Unpaid entry level positions ensure that poorer kids are de facto excluded.
I know you're kidding, but security deposits are illegal in Ontario. Just putting it out there for anyone who might read this and get the wrong idea.
"as if"
John is a psychopath
Which is going to be 200 years, right?
What do you mean he died in the bathroom the same day you told your mum? Surely he would have had to have died in the bathroom when he had lived there? Downvoted for askin a question? Fucks sake reddit.
\*foots the bill
Thanks for being so cool about it! Doing a correction always makes me scared.
Might the nightclub have been called the Joker? It was on Richmond really close to Peter st., just around the corner from the 299 Queen West. (condos being built on the site now.)
I'm so glad someone else bought this up. The Breezy Corners thing is awesome, but 541 does this all the time, and in such a way that you can contribute as little as a dollar. That said, I think I'll be checking out Breezy Corners soon to make my contribution. :-)
Messaging you.
What makes you say Mueller is a bad guy?
God bless you for sticking it out for your dad.
This is awesome. Why is Dee Dee not in uniform though?
What?
Well you sure nailed Johnny's facial expression (miserable cranky old fucker).
Could I get that cheat sheet too please?
Here's an idea: driving is very much a personal choice - no-one* is forcing you. If you feel inconvenienced by having to respect the rights and safety of other road users (i.e. cyclists), then by all means take public transit /walk. Whatever to get you lot to stop whining.
How do Trump supporters -- drawn by their image of him as strong and powerful -- reconcile the fact that he is such a whiny little bitch? That's a genuine question.
Does it go Marky, Johnny, Joey, CJ?
Did you report it?
Yes, Americans are far more parochial.
Not trying to pick a fight, I swear, but what was your thinking in the first instance?
The frog had it coming.
Too kind. More like a toddler.
If you can celebrate others successes it could be you're not as insecure /jealous /bitter as you think.
I'm not sure I understand this story.
Try continuing to talk *despite her cutting you off. Interrupting only works if you let it.
That's an excellent point -- how the fuck can this rationalization that its meant to make things easier for businesses apparently taking this monumental risk carry any fucking weight when it's a job that typically performed by a teenager in their first ever paid gig?
It might not get you a better worker, but it sure gets you a cheaper one -- and in the case of fast food jobs the employees are typically as disposable as the store's napkins. Churn and burn is sort of their model anyway, so they have little to lose... and the bitterness of the existing workers who do the training is of no concern to them. Need be, those workers are out the door too: I mean, they have a better understanding than anyone of how very little workers mean to the company.
Sorry... is work for the dole a thing in Aus now? Stone the flamin' crows -- govt will do anything to abuse the most vulnerable!
Sounds like Walmart. They are notorious for offering fewer hours than anyone would need to live on, but being like a jealous boyfriend if you dare to have a second job so you can y'know, pay rent and stuff.
Also tipping culture is not part of the Aussie mindset and it would take a long time for that to change. Also tipping culture \*sucks\*.
You have identified the secret to getting this kind of thing to stop: make it their problem somehow. If doing the thing results in significant hassle/discomfort/embarassement for them, they will stop doing the thing.
Tangential, but doesn't it just shit you how people think sleeping all day = being a slob EVEN WHEN THEY KNOW YOU WORK AT NIGHT? (And for some reason, the being up at night thing is also somehow disreputable, as if you are \*definitely\* out partying, despite the fact of having a night job. EDIT: Seems this has struck a nerve! Seems there should be a subreddit specifically dedicated to nightworkers/nightowls and their problems. &amp;#x200B;
Why not?
Like arithmetic? Do you mean from calculating their days/ doses wrong?
I was thinking specifically of the disdain he showed for John McCain among other things.
I applaud your passive aggressive ways.
How did I know these were going to be Aussies?
Bloody hell, you should write a book about it!
I was just going to say this! Wonder if Johnny asked for a separate spot on the poster the same way he always asked to have a hotel room far from the others too.
This is quite a find! Tragic backstory however.
Have you ever met a guy past their teens who had never had an orgasm? Because the female counterpart is *definitely* out there.
Pardon?
Genuine question: is this something you would have to do repeatedly? Surely once you have made your garden hose bong you're all set for awhile? I had a perfectly nice $15 bong when I used to smoke, never felt the need to cut up a garden hose, not even once.
Er.... I'm still working out and I've been out of the house for decades. Example: something someone wrote on reddit just yesterday about something sweet their wife did kinda made me do a double take. I don't associate the word "wife" with anything but contempt (thanks Dad) and concepts such as a married couple being happy, being close, or so much as liking each other, are so foreign to me as to be shocking, despite the fact that it's a concept I've encountered more than once since leaving the family home. Moments like that are so strange; it's like everyone else is speaking a different language.
The thing about the car really chaps my hide. Like you didn't go through enough to save, they not only stole from you, they had the nerve to act like they did you a favor.
Check out the raised by narcissists sub.
/r/raisedbynarcissists You will find your people.
LOL @ "starting".
This is a fascinating perspective and I think you might be on to something. Would you care to elaborate?
Nb second Aussie cosigning this. Libertarian is *not* how I would describe Aussies at all.
This is just mkcek. She is with you all the time!
This is so out of touch it's like satire. They think the same people who will be moved to bargain their labour for rent also have personal attorneys on retainer.
This is a really interesting analysis. Do you work in the industry?
This is fascinating, and an angle I have never considered before. Do you have a source for any of this (not trying to sound snarky, just interested in doing some further research)? And I'd love to hear more about the union busting aspect if you feel like expanding on that.
*That's* your response?
Levantine is a word?
Link to the template?
"Not allowed" by whom? You can change your name at will.
This is a genuine question: the parents that choose these names seem to be aiming for better futures for their children, which is admirable, but surely they realize these names are ridiculous and only make the kid look trashy?
Trivia time: if she had been a boy the name Frank was going to use instead would have been Motorhead.
That's child abuse.
That is a real name. And a great one.
This is a genuine question: the parents that choose these names seem to be aiming for better futures for their children, which is admirable, but surely they realize these names are ridiculous and only make the kid look trashy?
Wow, that's huge!
How can you deduce that with such certainty from that one picture?
How do you know he was living there? OP said he was stuck in some bit of it and couldn't get out, he might have wandered in looking for shelter and got stuck.
Heads up, the crawl on the tv at one point references a bunch of other BM eps.
Really? Doesn't it lend comfort to know he is still around keeping an eye on you?
I hear you. All I mean is he's not really gone while he lingers in the afterlife. Those furry little critters, they get so deep in our hearts; but the good news is, you got deep in his -- why else would he stick around if not because of the love you shared?
Male ballerina = ballerino.
What is that on the south east side of Yonge/ Dundas? It looks like we're looking down from the roof of something, but I had the impression there was a parking lot there during the 70s.
It's easy to romanticize things once they're gone. The area as it was then sounds like a shithole.
Why not?
That is *exactly* what discipline is; doing what you must no matter how you feel. Just before she has to leave her family to fight in the hunger games, Katniss says to her mom "it doesn't matter how you feel; what matters is what you do." Those are words to live by. Edit: having read some of the other responses it seems perhaps there's room for emotional management too, perhaps by writing your feelings out in a dialogue with yourself (ie journaling) to get through the emotions. Remember that anxiety is a liar and almost everything you will be tackling is not going to be as bad as you fear.
Everyone's "yard" is different, like some different part of life that they might be having trouble negotiating, but as it happens I'm also grappling with a hell scape of an outdoor situation too rn, so I feels ya. Remember the magic words: break it down. I've worked out there are about a dozen things I need to do to feel good about my outdoor area, and just did one the other day, one the next day, paid someone to do one just yesterday, and have realistic plans that are going to take me about halfway there by next week at the latest. It feels great to be making progress, it feels great to have realized it's doable and believe it or not I'm enjoying parts of it to the point of being a bit addicted to seeing the progress. Who would have thought I would be thrilled to have weeded a jungle of a sideway? Who would have thought I'd go out there again, ahead of schedule, to finish the job? So far I've filled three massive yard waste bags with pulled weeds and it makes me so proud those shots are going on social media, for realz.
Could you elaborate? What form would being mindful of these feelings take? And what do you mean monitoring steps?
Oh right, guess I was all turned around.
What do you mean "social justice [was] inherently rampant then"
The fact that you apologised to your putative opponent once you saw his/her point is so very Canadian.
I don't think that's the point he was trying to make at all.
Why have I never heard of this before?
Oops; my bad. edit: *an apology* gets down-voted? Stay classy reddit!
Ok now I *have* to know what happens on the last page.
Heh heh.
Looks like Inside Out nailed it.
I'm not sure that option exists. In practical terms however he is unlikely to reign long given his age.
Byron Bay?
Wait, what? How could there be six people in the car? It was jfk and Jackie, and the governer and his wife. Edit: as soon as I commented, I thought to myself: well then who was driving? So yeah, seems like there were 6 people, even though all the camera angles focused on only four.
What kind of fucking asshole does this to their furry little friend? It's such a violation of feline dignity.
Most *American people
Why is that pertinent?
In the US those expensive habits might be luxury items such as paying for medical treatment, which you totes shouldn't have if you can't afford it. Bootstrap, amirite?
Keeping your head above water != getting rich. And even if she did get to her line of work to help people why should imply being paid poorly? Are all teacher supposed to be independently wealthy heiresses educating the young as charity work or something?
Love the way the mom refuses to let go of the lead once the puppy is safe, no matter its many protestations.
Tormund was creepy and inappropriate; telling that giant tit sucking story so pointedly to Brienne was icky, doing it in front of a room full of people borders on bullying.
Your country is full of people bankrupted by shitty health insurers who don't pay for what they promise, and/or ludicrously priced meds.
Pleased to see you can take in alternate viewpoints. :-) Nb when that scene was playing I totally cringed on Brienne's behalf. Putting myself in her place I would have been creeped out and humiliated, and probably desperately trying to summon the nerve to walk out, but too transfixed by horror to do so. Up until that moment I quite liked Tormund and thought she should give him a chance.
You are woefully uneducated on how poorly you and your countrymen have it in relation to healthcare. The rest of the world feels sorry for you. Nb by your own figures that's about a million people *per year* pushed beyond breaking point by your fucked up healthcare system, and you don't think that's a big deal? It's a disgrace.
Are you telling me you \*don't\* think it was aimed at Brienne?
What false narrative? Your country's healthcare system sucks. But I know, the single payer solution every other first world country has come up with is \*socialism\*, and there's nothing worse than that, including going bankrupt paying for life-saving services that are free at point of use in every civilized country. GO 'MERICA! &amp;#x200B; nb your feudal system only exists because you welcome your oppression so much; people like you have it coming, but why must you drag everyone else down with you?
Sounds like what he deserves I'm afraid, given that he did worse to you when you were a kid, reliant on him and COMPLETELY POWERLESS. Hope he enjoyed the taste of his own medicine.
By your own account 1 million of your countrymen go bankrupt every year because of something that is a complete necessity and free/ close to free in every other first world country. Is this a lie I am telling?
Are you mocking me?
An hour? Ouch!
That's a really good point. And agreed, the "I would knight you ten times over" was by far the nicest thing he said to her, and the most charming. I don't think Tormund is a bad guy and wanted her to give him a chance, right up until he wouldn't take a hint.
"Made our wages" - - you mean the starvation level wages paid to those working service industry jobs? Do you think they are better off? As for outlandish taxes - - what the hell are you talking about? I've lived in a total of five countries with socialized medical care and none of them had outlandish taxes.
She's a secondary victim here. Reserve your wrath for the pedo scum who forced her to do it.
When there's a guy with a gun monstering her, no, she has no personal agency. Even if we say he never went for or gestured to the gun, the two things she knows about him are that he has far transcended predictable behaviour, and that he belongs to a class of person (cop) known to have killed those subject to their power with impunity.
Pardon?
The arrest may well have bought with it the loss of her job, which for most Americans could easily mean loss of housing, and by extension the real threat of having her son in the foster system. None of those are trivial matters.
Why are you so insistent on blaming her? Direct your rage to the assailant: you remember him, the guy who abused his power to affect a sexual assault under colour of authority.
He meant the hapless supporters are paying for it.
Would North Above All be all better?
In case people are still having trouble with this concept, the imaginary gay rapist could be bisexual.
Why would a man rape ever? It's a power trip, just via sexual means. See also prison rape committed by those who identify as hetero.
I have a feeling that being on the Bezos level means money matters little. Being broke is when money really matter, like to the exclusion of all else.
Frankly, $44 is too much; Oz has a great system, but medical services should be free at point of use.
Can you explain what you mean by corner store of the country? Like... Because everyone's been through it or...? Edit: Ack I'm an idiot, I read it as "corner store" and didn't understand what you meant, but you wrote "cornerstone" which makes way more sense.
What I don't understand is why cities still allow this to happen - - we all know who this lying, welching cheat is - - what were they expecting?
Recipe?
Naples was by far the worst experience as far as scamming tourists, and it turns out the train station is especially notorious.
Go, you will love it. Just y'know, beware.
What you mean you are "quite empathic for a guy"?
What would be the opposite to a relationship addict?
Is exaggerating your exes flaws a sign of BPD? Because it seems to me that plenty of people do that as part of the grieving process.
What would the opposite of that be? Relationshipphobic?
Is there any possibility you mean "empathetic"?
That link does not go to an image.
What makes you say that this flows from weakness?
"Gaslight" is important though, unless we actually want people to forget that Republicans have made it their business to say one thing, do another, and deny ever saying the first thing at all.
Now I'm even more confused. You said "empathic" which means emphasizing something and made little sense in the context you used it in, hence my questioning if you meant to use a different word altogether. Your most recent response makes no sense at all. This is the definition of "emphatic": em·phat·ic /əmˈfadik/ adjective 1. showing or giving emphasis; expressing something forcibly and clearly. "the children were emphatic that they would like to repeat the experience" synonyms:vehement, firm, wholehearted, forceful, forcible, energetic, vigorous, ardent, assertive, insistent; More noun LINGUISTICS 1. an emphatic consonant.
See also the police being on scene, but being useless by choice.
*alluding
What book?
This is great work. I'm really looking forward to checking out your other maps once off mobile.
Do you have a source on Kelly Ann Bateman? I have never heard of this case and google has proved quite unhelpful.
Nantucket?
Why would you want to do something like that to your furry friend?
Reminder that abusers often test their victims with boundary violations and walk it back as "just joking" when they encounter pushback. Textbook gaslighting.
What do you mean you can bring your car to the airport? Is there a car ferry to the island airport?
Castle Frank?
I wanna be sedated. Edit: how am I getting downvoted for having a personal preference? The question asked which song you liked least; this is the song I like least.
Was there a loud, boisterous, day-drunk chap pm your bus too? How much of this goes on?
Okey doke. You do you. For me it's by far the worst.... And such a go-to song to play! Ack!
Or... y'know ... at all?
She did the right thing. What she wanted was less important to him than being a big man in front his friends; this behaviour would be unlikely to change following the wedding.
Not gonna lie, this fact made me drop my monocle.
If the takeaway here is that no one believes women until a man bears witness that fits perfectly with the daily experience of plenty of women. My one friend says no male in her life *including her elementary school aged son* believes what she says without independent verification. Also useful to consider here: the role of Hannibal Buress in getting people to pay attention to Bill Cosby being a rapist vs what women had been saying for years.
Excellent idea, Todd.
Or... it could be proof of those systemic issues... but then again given that it's an account coming from a woman, who knows what to believe amirite?
Really? Ofc Dee Dee had to write to an assigned topic, but the lyrics sound really pained and honest to me. "I don't want to live my life again." Poor bastard doesn't seem to have wanted to live his life the first time around.
And at least part of it is a warning to the other victims out there - - making an example of humiliating the women brave enough to come forward shows anyone who hasn't spoken up why they should continue to keep their mouths shut. He did it the first time round just before the election - - remember the threats to sue the victims who came forward? Weird how that never happened.
Aussie in Canada here -- yeah it's awesome, and the worst our summers get is like middling Sydney weather. Winters are getting later and shorter too.
Er... I don't understand this poem. The gunner had fur? Was six miles from earth? What does he mean he fell into the state?
Jfc is that what happened?
Wait... Did he *have* credibility?
This dog is a cat.
Oh I think I thought he was in the turret of a tank so a lot of it makes sense now. Still don't get the thing about being asleep and waking up... Did gunners genuinely nap on the way to their destination? And why would he need to be hosed out of the turret afterwards? Surely he would have died from being shot? Still don't get the thing about falling into the state. Would that be the state in a legal sense, like the way Marxists use the term?
You give that goodboy loves and cuddles this instant.
What do you mean being upfront about it would be best? That is the *opposite* of what the guy above you just said.
My point is don't mention it at all.
Better than I was expecting (I'd heard it was bad) but awash in Ramones cliches.
What is the logic here? It happened to them but it debases them, not the attacker?
My anxiety disorder.
Wasn't she 102? And only went into a decline because her daughter Margaret died, or so I hear.
It's the same in Toronto, *way* worse in Hongcouver, and headed in that direction in Montreal. Essentially, once rules restricting foreign buyers come in the Chinese investors storing their wealth in Canadian real estate move on to the next city and price out locals there.
Why is that? I have noticed *far* more people here using mobility devices of one form or another... Why? Why the concentration?
Don't believe the lies Google might tell you about drop bears - - surely you know by now that everything in Australia wants to kill you.
Along the same lines, have a box with items you know you will need immediately ( for me it was coffee, tea, mugs, kettle and a uht thing of milk, as well as screwdrivers etc for setting up shelving and kitty litter which got situated the second we arrived ) set aside and with you in the car when you move.
I'm sure you're right about Perlman, but haven't the bands themselves always denied that?
Who is Diane?
I believe so. Also in the war the WACs (women's auxiliary corps) acronym was jokingly said to stand for wide-asses corp, not as some kind of fat joke but because women have er.... wide asses ie broader hips.
The second one sounds like the third one.
So your grandma was under the impression her grandparents were her parents? Lot of that about in those days (Jack Nicholson, Bobby Darin, Eric Clapton).
Interested :-)
Dido?
Isn't that what the frontline ep drew from?
&gt;After Morrison took a holiday in Hawaii during some of the worst of the bushfires in mid-December, the phrase seemed to strike a chord amongst #auspol (Australian politics twitter), and became a prominent hashtag, #scottyfrommarketing, which has now been used by everyone including former Labor Prime Minister Kevin Rudd. So... was the "where the bloody hell are you?" slogan used by his opponents when he fucked off on vacation in the middle of a crisis?
This is the truth of the situation, although God knows you'll never hear anything except the greedy landlords are greedy narrative.
These balances you speak of are woefully biased in favour of the tenant and even in the best case result in months of unpaid rent before ejection. No wonder landlords are scared.
First up, "the person whose home it is" - - that would be the landlord. Second, attitudes like yours are the reason so many landlords are leaving the business and finding somewhere to rent is so difficult. Well done.
Plenty of landlords have jobs. Why are you so angry at them? It's not their fault the system is so shitty.
These rents you consider so outrageous are the result of landlords doing *exactly* that. And yet they are excoriated for it.
You forgot the property taxes, the insurance, the utils (not sure if they are included in this case), and maintenance which can become a bottomless pit of expense depending on the property. There's a host of expenses that renters would never think of; I sure didn't when I was renting. But the real thing to consider is the possibility of a tenant not paying rent for months while being kept in place by the RTA -- the owner has A LOT to lose and rents this high are the result of people trying to cover themselves every which way.
Untrue. The mortgage is just the start of it. edit: Downvote me all you want; it's the truth.
Stigmatized? Sure, but one way or another the areas on and around Barton are improving by leaps and bounds. It reminds me a lot of Parkdale in Toronto -- people who have lived in the city for a long time remember what a shithole it was once/ still is in places, but it's changed plenty in the last several years, and every house on the side-streets is worth $1 million+.
sidebar: why was Hamilton a major exception for many years? Why wasn't it affected by the Toronto disease long ago?
If you pay for something it's yours. It can be the tenant's home WHILE THEY PAY RENT FOR IT and not at all once they don't. btw entitled attitudes like yours are responsible for the wary approach of so many landlords.
Sounds right. They are angry as fuck at landlords and seem to expect that housing should be provided as if it were an entitlement.
Because you want even fewer people to expose themselves to the slings and arrows of landlording?
yeah, that's the kind of tenant that makes the landlord charge more in rent -- you realize he would have lost at least a month of income due to your friend being an prat, right?
What's your point? That demand for rooms is high in Hamilton?
So why do landlords suck then? You've just spelled out the reason that the background checks are so extreme, and it sure as shit wasn't the landlords who designed that system, so what makes you say they suck?
The measures outlined above are in direct response to that risk -- it is a means of risk reduction... and yet you shit on the landlords for doing it.
You are so right. No-one here will back you up though, because hur dur landlords bad.
Interesting. When did this change? (Or has it changed even now?) For example, when did you move, that would tell me when it was the armpit of Ontario; when were you begging your friends to come for the cheap rents? My guess would be that early adopter Torontonians starting moving over around 2010 but the idea really caught on somewhere around 2015, but those are little more than guesses. I would be very interested in your first-hand account.
Lots of landlords have sold their properties due to both the hellish experience of being a landlord in this province and entitled attitudes like yours, and the results are extremely tight markets and full shelters. Well done.
Buy then, since it's so easy. You can even rent out your basement for a loss and show all those greedy landlords how they should be doing it.
The buffer in the bank is something that is factored into rents hence why they are so high -- but landlords are blamed for that too. The post that started this all off is another means of risk reduction, but of course this is also criticized. It's almost like there's nothing that landlords can do that would be right for you.
So if you were offered a job that paid almost twice what you were earning 5 years ago you would turn it down?
Which part is wrong? That needing a buffer in the bank is driving high rents, or that landlords get criticized for it? All you have to do is read this thread to see the truth of both.
Take a look at any landlord discussion board and you will see how many landlords have switched to STR or decided to leave their properties empty prepartory to selling to avoid the possibility of a bad tenant or resolved to get out of the business altogether.
So you'd think, but it doesn't seem to work out that way. Perhaps the properties are sold to the foreign investors/ money launderers who seem to own every second condo in downtown Toronto. Either way, not everyone will be able to afford to buy under even the best of circumstances, and attitudes like yours/ others in this thread coupled with a system set up to enable theft from landlords drive landlords out of the business, constricting rental supply for those would-be renters even more. PS I note without suprise that you are OK with legalized abusive tenant practices.
It's a step I have never taken, but the point about people being able to produce phony income information is a good one, and bank statements would make that harder, so perhaps I should.
Where do you think this buffer in the bank will come from then?
So I must be a bastard.
Not paying rent for months on end without consequences. That's pretty abusive wouldn't you say? And can easily result in the landlord losing the property, but I suspect that doesn't bother you.
That's what I'm aiming for. Gotta keep up with the tenants.
Give me a real answer please.
But you do seem to think it's cheap. It's not.
For me it's about having a home too, as a shitty tenant could see the bank foreclose on me.
I have certainly considered not having shitty tenants. Hence the high qualification standards.
Yes, sacrifice is necessary to succeed. Many could learn a lot from their example. PS I refer you to the fact that there is more to homeownership financially than the mortgages. The expenses never frickin' end. PS
A roof over their heads provided by me for no money? No, no I do not believe that.
Buy a house and stop being a tenant; then you can see how fucking easy it is.
When what you decide is a right comes out of someone else's hide, don't be shocked that they have an opinion about it. btw your first paragraph doesn't make sense logically: property as an investment comes with risks already in that the market could crash etc. Compounding those risks by renting to any rando without doing your due diligence in a province which makes you deeply vulnerable to tenant malfeasance is not some inescapable component of investing, it is a surefire way to lose your investment.
What the bloody hell are you talking about? Most landlords don't even break even for the first few years and run the constant risk of a bad tenant driving them to penury. You're talking outta yer ass.
So your ridiculous assertion counts on equity being construed as income? btw your estimate of $2.5k being enough for "repairs" is ridiculous. Maintence routinely costs me twice that and the first year I had to replace a roof which blew the whole thing out of the water. Your calculations are not based in reality.
I never said that the majority of renters are scammers. Is your argument really so weak you have to misrepresent what I'm saying? Lmao ok my dude
I invite you to put your wealth in its entirity, your retirement, every dime you have ever saved on the line in the same way a landlord has and see what it does to your entitled fucking attitude. Put your money where your mouth is.
So by your own admission, they don't break even.
And also because you know I didn't say that. And I have already made plans to get out -- I can do without being exposed to this kind of vulnerability while being expected to subsidize bad tenants *and* being the province's whipping boy -- and conversations with other landlords tell me that most have exit plans, be it Airbnbing or selling up or investing in an area that's not so intent on punishing those who provide rental housing. Btw getting back to the original post, credit check is just normal, and so increasingly is a criminal check. At less than 650 I doubt you will find housing.
Personal abuse? That didn't take long, and serves to demonstrates the specious nature of your argument.
Who do you plan on renting from then? When all the rentals are airbnbs?
Just gotta have the last word huh?
ok boomer
if you say so
you really have nothing else to do?
You don't like making sense do you?
Great comeback. So to landlords you say "You should have a buffer in the bank for when a bad tenant screws you! But no, don't increase your prices to raise it, just... be rich."
Still haven't told me where the buffer you speak of comes from which certainly sounds like a de facto admission that you don't have any idea at all, so bullshit is all you gots, puddin.
Shouldn't you be looking for somewhere to live?
Great comeback.
Where was she burned? In the first photo she looked to be in a bad way, but perhaps that was her fur being matted or something? Here she looks almost unscathed. So what got burnt? Her ears? Tail? Poor kit, she must have been terrified.
That is a beautiful kitty.
Are you talking about yourself? I still don't know where this buffer you speak of is supposed to come from. You have no credibility.
No conflict at all: fear of the damage a bad tenant can do drives both increases in rent to cover what can be disastrous costs and also extreme due diligence in the selection process of the kind noted in the OP. BTW plenty of LLs have got out of the business and those properties are now either Airbnbs or in the hands of investors who leave them vacant which is why rental supply is so attenuated.
No, a province that doesn't expect individual landlords to take this level of abuse.
False dichotomy.
See your first sentence? That is EXACTLY what is happening.
Holy christ is this true? If so it's horrifying.
Controlling parents really just train you to lie and hide things about yourself. Surely they must realize at some level that their invasiveness results in the cultivation of expert double agents?
Link?
N4 for the unpaid rent, N8 for the persistent lateness (note that this need only be documented via records of payment, ie a ledger showing when they have paid you thus how late they have been), N5 for the cockroach Infestation particularly given what the exterminator said (provide a statement from him along those lines). Text communications should be fine to use at the hearing.
I've never understood why the John Lennon quote appeals to people. He's saying that you can make plans all you want but life will happen to you anyhow. He's saying you're powerless over your own life. Change my view.
*normil
Dos ears doh.
What do you mean "stray"? You've got a cat now.
Stevo... From jackass?
Was this before Billy Joel was famous? And Merv Griffin, wasn't he a late night show host?
What year? Dee Dee looks so young.
Patti Smith and group? Isn't that meant to be Tina weymouth next to Patti? If not where is Tina in this pic?
This is dead on. When in doubt, shut up.
Hitler wasn't an officer though; he only got as high as corporal.
Huh?
Are you in the wrong thread?
That's sad. He likely has nothing else in his life.
Parody. Check it out on Snopes.
When you say "treat it like a business" - could you elaborate on what you mean by that please?
If you mean it, I'll be messaging you tonight. :-)
How could a rental be at 50% vacancy and still pay for itself?
Okey doke
Saw a few at Birch and Barton too,
(talks like a gentleman /like you imagined)
What are your reasons for thinking that?
Agree re Brussels; there's nothing much to do there once you see the pissing boy statue.
I'm not saying you're wrong, but it's hard to forget what kind of person he was. Anger and aggression square perfectly with the archetype of a rock'n'roller but then there's the colder side, the authoritarianism, the demands for a strict adherence to rules, the nastiness (especially towards his band mates), and the officiousness, which seems at odds with that image.
This is so lovely. That she feels so close to him and that he is so willing to make her happy.
Why does she want to get rid of him? It's nice that he's there and able to keep watch over his daughter.
Gonna be that guy... It's "flouting" the laws. Sorry.
What country are you in?
That's an incredible deal you got there; most of your countrymen are nowhere near as lucky. Also, in civilized countries medical care is free at point of use.
Insurance should not be linked to employment though. In other places people are insured just as the normal way of things.
I was 14 ands he was 32. At the time I would not have said it was exploitative in any way. Now... I look back and still think it was closer to equal than you might think. I struggle with the memory of it frankly.
It's not a ridiculous amount and it covers those without employment eg those too young to work, those in study, the retired etc. The American system sucks.
Not only was I not innocent, sometimes I was the one actively driving it at least that was my memory of it (and what a funny turn of phrase considering that he used the lure of allowing me to drive his car to "groom" me ie the fact that we already had a secret and it was one that could get me in trouble etc.) when my parents found out they split us up by shuffling me off to a distant boarding school. I later realized it was because they were afraid of me going back to him. Which is what I would have done if I could have.
Interesting. I thought my parents were too harsh, like in full Gestapo mode, but of course now as an adult I have much more sympathy for their side of things. I had a lot of freedom before they found out and ofc it was all taken away the second they knew. The fact that I was the only girl might have accounted for their swift and decisive approach - - pretty sure if one of my brothers was fucking a woman twice his age they would have been admired for it.
Even at the time I knew my motivation had to do with the fact that someone was paying attention to me and that even better he was someone my brothers liked and admired at a time when I was desperate for their approval. I would have said some bullshit about being older than my years too at the time. Sigh.
Yeah it's strange that it's so widespread. But comforting too in a weird way.
Did you get in trouble for the weed?
*cough*Skydome*cough*
"*I'm the captain meow. "
Just out of curiosity, who is on the decks ri3 the other letters and in what order (like is Tommy before Marky or...?) and what are their colours?
So she looked the same age she was when she passed? The detail about cupping her hands to be heard is a lovely one.
That was a real person once and then the cat sat there and... Well you know the rules: you can't ever shift a sleeping kitty.
What does milling them mean in this context?
Own a lap cat? Owned *by a lap cat I think you mean.
His skin would be awfully dusky for those on the Republican side.
She's not watching you in the bathroom, she's protecting you. It's a very vulnerable moment for most animals and she is very bravely keeping watch for you.
Rally attendees "have to sign a liability waiver saying that you won't sue if you get sick" - - is this true? How can these people keep a straight face?
How is this only MILDLY interesting?
*This* is the fact that made me exclaim out loud, not the rapes... Er, I that's kinda shitty isn't it?
What is matrixing?
It might not be as bad as what a pedo does, but you can hardly say CK had meaningful consent. Downvote me all ya want, it's true. Edit: https://www.huffpost.com/entry/louis-ck-accuser-no-consent_n_5dcd707de4b0d43931d0bbae Contrary to Breslin’s accounting, what C.K. did was not done with consent,” she wrote. “We never agreed nor asked him to take all his clothes off and masturbate to completion in front of us. But it didn’t matter because the exciting part for him was the fear on our faces.”
Quite a bit from that era is Er... Less than their best Imo.
In the movie there seems to be an implied meaning: the young monk played by Christian thingummy has a roll in the hay with some peasant chick who seems to want him to stay with her, meaning he would leave his mentor/teacher Sean Connery, thus abandoning his training. He doesn't, instead noting as an old man in the voiceover that he never stopped thinking about her even though he never so much as knew her name. The name of the rose.
Contrary to Breslin’s accounting, what C.K. did was not done with consent,” she wrote. “We never agreed nor asked him to take all his clothes off and masturbate to completion in front of us. But it didn’t matter because the exciting part for him was the fear on our faces.” https://www.huffpost.com/entry/louis-ck-accuser-no-consent_n_5dcd707de4b0d43931d0bbae
Thanks for the explanation. Isn't what you are describing just pareidoila though?
Does the fact that most of the victims did not consent mean nothing to you?
So lack of consent means nothing to you? Noted.
You read how a bunch of them didn't consent right?
Isn't that the cbd behind him? Surely he's facing north Sydney?
Did you read the article? Four out of five accusers DID NOT CONSENT. Why are you making this out to be ambiguous?
Renting out property in Ontario is hell.
Does anyone know when this pic was taken? Unless I've got it wrong all the gas chambers were blown up ahead of the allies liberating the camp (except for the one that had already been blown up by the prisoners who rebelled.)
The fact that he physically positioned himself in front of the exit might have been a factor in that.
That's confusing. I have been to Auschwitz, and while I recall seeing the first iteration of the ovens, because they were not destroyed by the fleeing Nazis, I have no memory of the first gas chamber and I thought I saw everything.
You seem really intent on blaming the victims. Classy.
That was the first I thought of too based on what you said they meant to you.
So a landlord that ignores their own needs completely?
So Ace and Peter get trod on and the only visible faces are those of Gene and Paul? Huh; how bout dat.
In your shoes *getting trod on.
$1 per year? Huh?
Wait... He had a cameo in that?
Don't you remember the prisoner they take and release who then turns on them?
Jerry?
A summary? There are so many stages and incarnations here. You are in for a wild ride as you discover it all.
Just for fun what would you include in a summary? -building the band -breakthrough -glory days -*the Kissco era, oh lord how did I forget that? -mistakes aplenty (solo albums, phantom of the park, the elder, also somewhere in here Gene goes Hollywood) -peter leaves and rotating cast of musicians steps in -then ace leaves and ditto -the makeup comes off -the hair metal years -conventions -unplugged, reunion of original lineup, massive tour -Detroit rock city/ phantom of the opera/ the orchestra album -a tangle of Ace and Peter leaving and rejoining that I struggle to keep straight amidst bitter infighting and accusations on a series of "no really, this is the last one" tours -Gene's reality show overlaps a bit with the above, then Paul becomes a family man and everyone writes books about how much the others suck. There would also be sidebars such as Eric carr passing away and what happened to Mark st. John. Did I forget anything?
Gene and Paul have a lot in common with Joey and Johnny Ramone, in that they stuck it out as a series of other faces came and went amidst the chaos engendered by working with addicts. Johnny was an a-hole but it's due to him that the Ramones lasted as long as they did (or ever did anything at all, frankly); similarly Paul and Gene are the reason Kiss endured. Controlling and Machiavellian, maybe, but they got things done. Peter's griping in his book really rubbed me the wrong way: not only is he a terrible whiner, he seems to have lost sight if the fact that Paul and Gene did the hard work across a lot of what were probably quite hard and lonely years to keep the enterprise going while he was off on his own doing fuck-all except drugging his wealth away. Of course they deserve a bigger share of the reward. He's not only deluded he's ungrateful.
Ha fucking ha
Peter freaked out onstage? Did he? Just finished his book and he didn't mention it.
Agree Paul is the soul of Kiss, but what do you mean "became a rock star for the true reason" - - what is the true reason?
I've just read his book and am fascinated by what drove him. To be frank I don't feel I understand it completely. Also his description of seeking out a psychiatrist for the first time make me think there was more going on than he stated outright.
Donald Trump?
What was so awful about the NPR interview that he wouldn't let them air it?
38 minute old schnoodledoodledo. Freshest yet.
That *is* justice taking its course.
Your lovesac?
You "listened* to it? WHY THE FUCK WOULD YOU LISTEN TO IT?
Sorry what does this quote mean? It doesn't seem to make sense.
Wait millennials don't listen to podcasts?
I think he meant that Cosby didn't get to rape her because this time the unconscious girl was protected by a chaperone.
The torture the gingerbread man was subjected to haunted me, for realz.
What is the footboard?
Wtf is *this* not a bestof comment?
Ahem. The bunnykit adopted you.
Oh thank you for that explanation. So complete failure when it arrived was... You finishing the hike barefoot?
how do you nominate something for bestof? Seems I've never had this thought before bec I have no idea how it's done.
Interesting. I was intrigued by his early life, if for no other reason I wanted to know who Sure Know Something was about (or is that a clueless noob thing to bring up?). What confuses me though is that in another fairly recent interview he said he lost it at 17 in a borscht belt resort similar to the one in Dirty Dancing to another workers girlfriend. That is not mentioned in the book at all, in fact he doesn't mention having a summer job in a borscht belt resort at all.
The cat has you.
Ace's was No Regrets. Peter's was makeup to break up., Paul's was face the music, and genes was kiss and makeup.
Sorry, that's a good point. I should have been more specific.
Love the black and white footage of this song played by the young lads in 1973.
Yes please! I too was disappointed when that competition evaporated.
And over 130 of those years had one of two Queen's on the throne.
