While we're at it, can we abolish 3 v 3 and the shooutout from the regular season altogether?
"let's go to a bar around here about 10" - my friend at about 11 this morning. I'm like sure. It's now 9:30. I asked her where to meet up, but no response :-/
It actually happened, but it was basically live action mad libs
I would assume so. Since you're asking about the Sebastians Aho, it probably should have been Are instead of is because of pluralization. Either way, the point got across.
Yeah, but they typically have to take a leave of absence to do so, rendering them ineligible for NCAA competition during that time frame. Plus there's the fact that the Winter Olympics take place *during* the college hockey season, which obviously doesn't have a scheduled break for this. Frankly, I am pissed that Quinn would actually release one of our best players while we have meaningful games being played.
K But the question was "Why is the playoff not on national TV?" The answer is that it is on national TV - it's just not on an OTA channel.
Honestly, I don't give a flying fuck what USA Hockey wants anyway. I think nation v nation tournaments should be abolished, period.
On the list of worst announcers? I agree
It's Houston-FSU all over again
I know I would be more likely to watch the actual Playoff if I thought it wasn't a rigged system
Do you have an anti-resolution though?
Cars. You want a Black Mirror episode about fucking cars.
First off *drink* Second off, it wouldn't make me happy since 16 is what you need to have every conference champion plus the rest of the "best" teams (where best depends on what criteria you're using), and there should be an objective path for every team to make the Playoff field.
You appear to not know the difference between a judgement call and applying the rule as written. In short, you are an imbicile and should STFU because it's clear you lack a grasp of the English language.
That should be a staight Red for dangerous tackling
I assume that's not a complement
Meanwhile, some BC fans were livid that many of their friends/fellow fans or alums were rooting for the Patriots over Matt Ryan's Falcons to win last year's Super Bowl, even if they were Pats fans to start with.
Presumably weather, but conditions have cleared up to the point that there should be a game.
Situations like that raise the question of what counts as "producing" an NHL player.
Subway is probably looking for a new Sandwich Artist right now as a result...
I don't see how it couldn't go well. You get bagels out of it.
It's not like Buffalol has much else going for it.
A handful of mid and low major conferences stream their games via a service known as Stadium. In addition, Stadium has rights to a few games involving some higher tier teams which they stream via their Facebook page. As far as I know, in either case the games are freely available worldwide without the need to subscribe to anything.
&gt; Maybe that would create a race for schools to lower tuition costs so that the players would be able to keep larger chunks of money as the selling point to play there. Very doubtful. Academics revenue far outstrips atheltics revenue at the vast majority of universities, and that money goes towards things like keeping the academic side of the university running.
You do realize that the text your emphasizing says "technical institute" and **not** "technical college", thereby negating the point you're attempting to make. Especially considering the two phrases have vastly different meanings when describing universities.
Well, yes, but there are sections affiliated to many universities not directly connected to the academic mission.
If I had to guess, it's probably because of connotations that Pioneers stole American Indians Land. If you are going to change, at least Trailblazers is still a pretty cool name, which raises the question as to why no one at UND thought of that.
Technically /u/ShylosX is still correct though - the distinction isn't between P5/G5, it's between the P5 (or "Autonomy 5" as they're sometimes referred to) and the rest of DI, including the FCS, non-football, and single sport leagues as well as the G5 leagues.
Welp, unexpected Battlestar reference in The Magicians season premiere. Which got a chuckle out of me.
Yup. Though we usually start the spring semester this late, technically it's even later than usual since classes start the Thursday after MLK day as opposed to the day after when they usually resume.
Yes. And I'm sure there are people who view my school the same way. (admittedly, moreso in hockey than basketball...)
Didn't Vegas pay them off though?
What do you think a scholarship limit is then?
Nah, that can't be right. There are no ladies on the internet.
Because HE schedule makers are dumbasses.
Well, 2-2 is certainly not the result I expected after 2. I am pleasantly surprised.
Dante Fabbro with a nasty spill on the end boards. Crowd is not happy with the refs allowing play to continue for an extended period while he was down on the ice.
Well, 10 is bigger than 6, so unless you agreed to play by golf rules, yes advanced stats would say that is good.
Welp, I'll take a 2-2 tie, but I'm more livid at the incompetence of the refs allowing play to continue while Fabbro was on the ice.
The only possible explanation is that we still had control of the puck and had advanced the puck into the PC zone, but it was still bullshit that play continued as long as it did.
I admit, this was a far more serious post than I was expecting when I saw the title.
I can't imagine West Point athletics being considered essential and Air Force Academy athletics non essential.
You picked a particularly pleasant day to show up
Are you sure it's not Gen Z, because lockers were very much a thing when I was in school
Unless the game is airing on the Pac12 Networks channel, the stream is free. Otherwise, good luck finding a cable provider that has P12N Arizona
Huh, I didn't think any of the State schools started this late in the year.
If you are going to have a cardiac incident, I suppose that would be the time to have it.
Indeed, assuming they actually have Discounted Chocolate (I'm calling it that because it's on 2/15)
Should be skiing right now. Execpt I woke up to my latent back injury rearing it's head again. So, this was a waste of a trip this weekend, thus far.
Can't wait for the stream to get fucked up again tonight
But famous people have things to say, so it can't be a scam fest.
That's probably not the best argument to put forth, considering "New England" is part of the team name.
If you already live locally, you can get an exemption
But your example makes no sense because the geographic locator is part of the team's name.
There is a difference, yeah. Though I suppose if they're in MRE form, you can't tell.
There would probably be riots if a hockey team tried to claim the Sonics name
I know. I was just replying to the statement that the OP was confused because they only knew Hopkins for its Medical Center. If they were full DI, they would probably be in the Ivy, but they're in the B1G for lacrosse because a) it gives the league six men's teams for the autobid, b) they're a traditional power in the sport that also happens to be an AAU school, and c) they happen to be a long time rival of Maryland, and are geographically close to most of the other B1G men's lax schools.
I know some of those words
Aww.
I mean, if the other finalist is a high school coach, I don't think there's much of a decision to be made.
&gt; 2 million people in the state. That's why. 2 million isn't really that much.
You're welcome. Now, GIVE US BACK OUR COACH DAMMIT
Cuse launched their program only in the last decade or so though.
On the other hand - why do we obligate teams who win Championships with visiting the White House in the first place?
So you'd rather have games behind a paywall?
As noted in the quoted text, it's coming from outside donations
I admit I don't necessarily have one, though something similar to the KRACH, which is an alternative ranking system for ice hockey, could work. Especially since it's not as easy to game the ranking compared to RPI
But is the Rivalry Bot programmed to display images for the other FBS rivlaries, or just this one, because I don't recall seeing that before
But futsal/street soccer doesn't have faceoff circles, while this court is clearly painted for street hockey, thus answering the question as to what sport is played on it.
They just don't bother to schedule enough DI or DII teams to be tournament eligible
Played Smash Bros for the first time in a while last night. My opponent was playing for the first time ever. I won by just standing there and waiting for him to throw himself off the stage
And if they were to drop, DII would probably be more likely, just due to the distribution of teams in FCS vs DII in their general area.
Conferences don't win championships.
They do. Not that it stops particularly enterprising fans from trying to get their hands on gear like that.
Dog: "I mean, I appreciate the gesture, but is the hat *really* necessary?"
I don't necessarily hate my job, but I am perpetually unamused by my co-workers' collective inability to do things that make sense
It's promotion MLS style
You're welcome.
In the OPs defense, a 2-1-0 system like the one originally used by the NHL is equivalent to win-loss percentage, just easier to calculate because there's no division involved.
And that's assuming they weren't lying about being in Alaska
Wisconsinites prefer beer. And bourbon.
Is it bad that I meant Brandy but put bourbon because I liked them up?
Not if you're paying everyone. Personally, I think it should be treated as a Work Study position, since they are essentially doing PR work for their school while working on their degree (*in theory anyway*). By removing the need to try and squeeze in an outside job, that gives them more room to actually be students since they would have more time to devote to studying.
See, I was under the impression that schools *couldn't* sell jerseys of active players because of NCAA regs. (granted, all that does in hockey is prompt people to just find some third party willing to do the customization themselves, but the school itself sells a blank jersey)
a) because people can't accept the fact that anything good could come out New Jersey, b) Rutgers has something of a party school reputation (not that that's ever stopped Wisconsin), and c) I had to reread what you wrote several times because it sounded like you were contradicting yourself. I suppose there's also the whole "Midwest vs East Coast" thing too
Or randomly deciding that their original locale is too small
Items of note: while Illinois is optimistic, they still have a ways to go to meet the target to fund the arena construction and program start up costs. Also, per the interview, the AD doesn't receive funds from the University, so whatever money they come up with doesn't come out of the school's budget. At least in theory.
But does she have any connection to Illinois?
All signs point to a more Eastward movement. Stretching from New Jersey to Colorado is a bit much, even for the Big Ten
&gt; are teams playing us allowed to release their schedules before we release ours Yes. Teams will generally release their nonconference schedules as they are finalized. So when the GSU AD said it probably won't be out until August, that's probably because they're still working on it. Which isn't that unusual for mid and low major teams given that it's harder to convince teams to play you (unless you just suck and someone wants to pay you lots of money to take advantage of that)
There should have been engagement with the affected programs from the beginning so that alternatives could be found and worked out. If it turns out there weren't anyway, well it would suck but at least they actually exhausted other options before hand. Budgets don't just appear out of thin air. The idea that admin didn't know this was a possibility well before the official decision is somewhat disingenuous.
This is so cringy
I think that's the idea
&gt; First, how is the NCAA not like this? They do more than just this, but this is definitely one of the major hats the NCAA wears. Simple, the individual conferences are autonomous, indpendent leagues. The NCAA does govern general standards, yes, but they're more like a national sports governing body than a central league office - mandating minimum standards, but with the actual leagues able to implement their own regulations on top of that.
Except the contract isn't with the NCAA, it's with the individual bowls. Which in some cases are owned by ESPN anyway, so they're not really paying rights fees for those.
&gt; The US is guaranteed a spot in 2026 as hosts. Apparently that's not actually a given considering the multiple hosts
7-1, not 7-11
Basically
Yes. But it probably has a better chance of working if you wait until you have a 4 touchdown lead in the last 2 minutes of the game.
But then Teal'c killed him in a rather pathetic fight, so why are we naming schools after his punk ass?
&gt; which is the Junior B level in Canada and the best equivalent to American college. Lolwut?
It's actually because of an agreement with the CHL (the Canadian Junior leagues), not the AHL. A player of Colin's age who never played in the Canadian Juniors system could be assigned to the AHL
I mean, it's not like I can read the article because I don't subscribe to the WSJ. But NNJ and SW CT are part of the NYC metro. It's just that people like to look at the border and declare that because it's in a different state, it doesn't count. Pretty sure they call it the Tri State Area for a reason after all.
You can only coast on the Hail Flutie for so long, you know
And just like that I find out I hate Clemson
I'm just glad my job doesn't have me working in a kitchen on days like these. There were days in my old food service job that I would look like I had just jumped into a lake with my clothes on because of how much I would sweat.
... Wait a minute
A transparent formula, while preferable to committee whim, can still lead to controversy. Especially if the formula(s) used are comparatively weak. Go take a look at the college hockey tournament selection process if you don't believe it.
&gt; their campuses wouldn't be anywhere close to the main campus. Not like that's stopped us at all. Context: we recently aquired Wheelock College and merged it into our School of Education, creating a new Fenway Campus for the university. In addition to the Medical Campus which is already detacthed from our main campus. A slightly more pertinent example: UMass is trying to aquire Mount Ida, which is just outside of Boston, as a satallite campus to benefit their engineering programs, since they're on the other side of the state from Boston. In any event, it was a low effort joke on my part.
False That would imply they ever stop and then start up again
&gt; I can't tell if this is a tradition or just laziness disguised as a tradition. At a certain point, it becomes the same thing. But in all seriousness, the point is to maximize viewership on opening night in both countries.
Sharks were founded by a "demerger" of the North Stars prior to the move. Ergo, they're the Seals, and Dallas is the ex North Stars.
So Bandy without the sticks then?
Because his actual girlfriend is in the hospital with lock jaw
&gt; Shouldn't the NCAA be prepping players to be able to play in the NHL? No, because that's ultimately not the job of the schools, even if many players will ultimately go the professional route.
I mean, he's kind if a xenophopbe
I know that you say that your ultimate goal is to visit every NHL arena, but if you come to the Boston area, there's also plenty of college hockey barns to visit as well, and tickets are usually far less expensive than their NHL counterparts.
Depends on the school. It is for most of the traditional power programs
But it's not a game misconduct, which it should be
Welp, I'm going to a U2 concert later, so that's exciting. I also had a leisurely lunch with my crush earlier this week, wherein I found out that she's newly single again. I may have had great difficulty hiding my excitement regarding that revelation. (on the other hand, this is now two boyfriends she's dumped in the last year, with an average relationship duration of 3 months, so I don't know why I think I would fare any better. And that of course is assuming she'd even be interested in dating me in the first place)
&gt; Also I’m at [4], so whatever, it seemed fun. Doing math at [4]? You sound suspiciously like one of my old High School math team teammates
It's an argument against it. And a patently stupid one at that, because it is a combination of failure to understand market based economies and based on the idea that it inconviences a class of fan privalged enough to afford to travel in the first place.
But the actual mascot is an Ibis, so...
At least with UMass though, it was because they rejected the MAC's "all or nothing" ultimatum. If they hadn't, we are probably still looking at a 13 team MAC.
&gt; and then promptly named co-champions to cook their own books and add in 2 contenders. Or you know, *their own rulebook required them to do that* That was the rule in place, with established precedent going back decades, prior to the start of the season.
I disagree that blindly following the echo chamber isn't dumb. Especially considering that ESPN is hardly an objective reporter of information.
Not all of the US cities from the bid proposal will get to host.
If not for the fourth point, no
And that is why the American resisted attempts to refer to them with the AAC initalism when they first chose the name - to prevent confusion with the ACC.
&gt; It's definitely making me feel like I won't ever want to be a SAHM because I get overwhelmed doing like 90% of the house cleaning. And then the kids come home from school and make a mess, undoing the work you did during the day. Or at least that was the constant complaint from my mom. Who gets quite mad when people try to insinuate that stay at home spouses sit on their ass and eat bon bons all day, when she would be spending all day cleaning the vast majority of the time.
I feel like that's a bit of an exaggeration, but you do youuuuuuuu HEY WAIT JUST A MINUTE
It's not as if the Bruins have a lot of home weekend games as is, but they traditionally try to play matinee games whenever possible.
For the record, if it seems like I took a long time, it's because I was at work and kept getting interrupted by my dimwitted customers, and not because I was looking up answers. The only one I knew anyway was the first one.
They probably don't trust you to beat Penn State
Eep
Indeed. At least in my case since BU doesn't have football, rooting for UW football doesn't cause a conflict. But after encountering UW fans... Nah. And don't get me started on the Badger hockey fans who get us confused with that Sunday School in Newton...
Wow. Woo Pig then, I guess.
Re: NHL, they would indeed. Blame the Blackhawks.
My Red Sox fan uncle once took a trip to Milwaukee, where he was dragged to a Brewers game. He was blown away by the fact that there was tailgating for it, as that just doesn't happen here for baseball games.
They look good for the most part, though I think the state outline patch isn't going to look as great on the actual uniform.
Of course, Mount Ida didn't drop football so much as stop existing
*groans at pun*
&gt; On June 2, 2016, Santa Clara County Superior Court Judge Aaron Persky sentenced Turner to six months confinement in the Santa Clara County jail (of which he served half) to be followed by three years of probation. Additionally, Turner was informed of his life-long obligation to be lawfully registered as a sex offender[14] and furthermore, ordered to complete a state approved rehabilitation program for sex offenders ... &gt; Prosecutors and victims' rights advocates criticized Persky's sentencing as lenient and biased.[15] Persky himself had been a student and lacrosse team captain at Stanford University.[66] Furthermore, Turner's father described the sentence the prosecution was seeking thusly: &gt; "[The sentence] is a steep price to pay for 20 minutes of action out of his 20 plus years of life."
Yeah, I understood none of that
Trying to maintain ice in warm weather conditions can get very expensive, and can lead to shitty ice conditions even with the best ice making equipment. So while it would help for visibility, and give hockey starved fans year round action, it ultimately would be to the detriment of the quality of play, which already has a perception issue in the women's ranks.
Well, maybe at the NHL caliber arenas. I don't know where the other teams play, but I doubt the Pride has that particular issue, given that their home arena is also the Bruins' practice facility
It's all in how it can be (mis)interpreted. You and I may know it's in relation to their playing kits, but someone who doesn't know that may have a wildly different interpretation.
I still would like to know who thought Beauts and Whale were good names for women's professional teams.
And it's not even in Boston
I think it comes down to the difference between being a Civic arena designed for multiple uses, vs a dedicated ice rink which isn't suited for much else. To use a BU example, Agganis hosts concerts and other shows for which TD Garden is too big or unavailable, but other venues would be too small. We even hosted an E-League event earlier this year. Walter Brown Arena on the other hand isn't suited for much else beyond hockey or other ice sports. It could host a basketball game in a pinch, but any event that wouldn't be feasible for Case Gym would probably be moved to Agganis anyway to maximize potential attendance. Likewise, Warrior Ice Arena (home of the Pride) is basically just an ice rink with some benches next to it. And the other NWHL teams are in similar situations. While Wings Event Center, based on the name, was designed to be the main arena complex for K-Zoo, and capable of hosting varied events.
&gt; provided our calculations are correct. That's not something you want to read immediately after hearing about a piston firing a puck at just under 2 Charas worth of speed
Yeah, the weight requirements aren't the issue. It's the whole "having to commit to military service" part that turns off the type of atheltes the academies would require to field Championship caliber teams.
Regardless, I'm not sure what the acronym stands for. Meanwhile, I have date plans for the 4th. Woooooo!
But did you remember to put the childproof lock on the cabinet?
Wisconsin doesn't even border Canada you dingus
I would like to officially question the hiring decisions made by BU Atheltics over the last several years. There is no reason we should be losing by 3 goals to a BC team THAT COULDN'T EVEN BEAT FUCKING BENTLEY
And Notre Dame is *never* joining the Big Ten as a full member. They have been orienting themselves Eastward since they joined the original Big East. Besides, Notre Dame isn't even the only single sport member in the B1G. They also have John's Hopkins in men's and women's lax, which is a far better analogy for a BU-B1G partnership.
Dammit Northeastern, you just justified their commentary team's delusions.
I mean, he's not wrong. But at the same time, he's not making it any easier either.
Lack of championships I imagine. The above statement is not limited to Football and Men's Basketball
They say that, but I'm still leaning towards the possibility that it just replaces ESPNEWS
Eh, some places there aren't really any better options. Applebee's is actually pretty good as long as you don't actually expect it to be *that* much better than McDonald's
But is Jared Fogle beating a literal dead horse still funny given what we know now?
Nah, Big Ten is just using base 14 math.
What do the Ragin' Cajuns have to do with this?
The game was actually surprisingly close compared to what I was expecting.
CREST IS BEST But seriously, Colgate did a thing?
"A total sellout tonight" I'll grant that, but a lot of the ticket holders seem to be disguised as empty seats.
And? We're discussing Western Michigan, thanks.
I might just pass out from the stress of this particular game
FUCK HOCKEY EAST REFEREES
Hey buddy, seems like you're a bit excited.
More like “CRUCIFY HIM!” “Larry that’s your face in a mirror” “CRUCIFY. HIM.”
In what programming language is a single equals not assignment?
Because the NBC deal is worth less than the full share of ACC TV money, since NBC is paying for 6/7 home games for a single team in a single sport.
Maybe updated based on the actual committee rankings ¯\\\_(ツ)\_/¯
Also, re: your edit, not sure what you're getting at. Notre Dame is considered to be a member of the P5 even though they're not in a league for football. And their AD is part of the CFP's management committee alongside the league commissioners.
&gt; Minnesota Mankato... That's Minnesota *State* Mankato. The Gophers and Bulldogs don't want to be lumped in with those purple cows.
Kick out Holy Cross. That's it, really.
It is part of the state university system, though University of Cincinnati is the full name.
Because it's come up in conversations I've had before
~~Disqualified on the grounds that it's a Bucci Hat and not a picture of the team. Or even the scoreline.~~ Edit: the link is now to Holy Cross's Twitter.
Thank you.
I thought about making that joke, but I doubt it's possible to get 420 points in a single game
Just know that I'm going to blame you if the UMass memes get out of hand.
Gives a whole new meaning to "Keep firing Assholes"
I mean, you beat Elon, we beat Elon, I need to know which of is is better.
There are no assigned seats, you just have to make sure you're in the correct section
Indeed it is. *Cries in lack of Sports Pass Eligibility*
At least for me, I don't know that Duluth or UMass have a compelling enough argument to knock off SCSU from the one spot.
Depends on what SCSU and Duluth do as well. To me it's basically splitting hairs in terms of ranking them based on current results.
Maybe. Probably. But that doesn't mean they should have been kept out of the Playoff.
As the other users stated, it's because that's the name of the package of games, so even though it's not being aired on Sunday, they still have to call it that, since "Thursday Night Football" is taken by the FOX/NFLN package that usually airs on Thursday.
I'M JUST HOPING THAT TUESDAY'S SHOOTYHOOPS GAME AGAINST THE LOWELL EXISTENTIAL CRISES IS A GOOD OMEN FOR HOW THIS WEEKEND IS GOING TO GO.
From the parent comment: &gt; And that's the story of how I made $1,200 by writing people's usernames and passwords on a piece of paper for the CEO of **a major transportation company in the Northeast.** In other words, a scenario in which HIPAA would not apply. You injected it into the discussion despite it being irrelevant.
At what point do I get to say "I todaso" to the people who think that our team building strategy actually leads to sustainable long term success?
Is doing shots of Fireball or Cuervo the more #OnBrand thing for a BU Student to do? Also, Top Shelf to Food Shelf is still going on. If you didn't check out the link yesterday, today's your chance.
A metro area of 314,840 isn't tiny, but it's not large either.
Isn't Harmbert an Air Force guy? Are we sure you should be trusting him with the Flag for this game.
Or corsets
Makes sense, even with the extended halftime in CFB, it still doesn't make for a full set. Especially since a) the talking heads need to get in their cliches, and b) commericals need to happen. (Point a not to be confused with The Talking Heads, for whom I would be willing to actually watch a halftime concert)
The fuck do we have to do with any of this?
And the reason I am nitpicking is because your classification of branches is lumping groups which have nothing to do with each other together. Thus making your initial claim invalid on the grounds that you are attributing stereotypes of one group (say, fine arts or philosophy, though the philosophy majors I know are also pretty big sports fans) to an unrelated swath (other Social Science or Humanties majors). Not to mention, majors in Education and Communication don't really fall under any of the headers you describe. You're basically just spouting off nonsense at this point.
Doesn't mean that they add value for anyone else. Hell, some university presidents probably think having Liberty as a member subtracts value from their own institutions because of the controversy that is LU. There's a reason no FBS league has invited Liberty to join as a member.
What part of "since the departures of Temple and UMass" escaped you? They no longer allow for associate membership in football because they would prefer programs who will commit to the conference fully over using them to park football while gaining benefits from having their other sports elsewhere.
I sincerely doubt it, especially since we're talking about one of the more mediocre programs in CFB, who lacks any sort of meaningful history with the MAC schools. There's no real reason to think that the MAC would be interested unless they were getting the full package.
I mean, there's being terrible because you're inexperienced, and terrible because you're selfish. So, it depends.
I just want to know when the Feats of Stength are supposed to begin. Though we'd probably find a way to bungle that too.
&gt; When teams make a trip to Alaska, they play both of the schools, even though the two Alaska schools are the distance of LA and San Francisco away from each other. Yeah, but it's that or have to make the trip to Alaska twice. I don't see how they can sustain NCAA Atheltics long term. Their funding has already been held hostage once this decade.
ONE OF US! ONE OF US!
&gt; CAA's basketball schools (including Northeastern and Hofstra) blocking their America East football neighbors Well, said neighbors are Maine, New Hampshire, Albany, and Stony Brook. Stony Brook and Hofstra share a metro area so it makes sense that Hofstra would block. Albany and New Hampshire don't add all that much, and Maine should be DII anyway. I don't think it's valid to claim that there's much blocking going on as there's only one candidate in that group that makes sense to begin with.
Most insistutions don't need massive travel subsidies because their closest opponents are 5 hours away either.
Because strongest AD in AmEast means fuck all considering they're one of the worst leagues in the country, which is why schools keep bailing on it.
&gt; Optically, playing Holy Cross, Lehigh and Lafayette looks better to those in ivory towers than playing Maine, Hartford and UMBC. Exactly. Personally, I would have preferred the CAA, but admin had been working on the PL move for some time.
What else is new in CFB?
HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHHAHAHAHHAHAHAHAHAHHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHHAHAHAHAHAAHAHHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHHAHAH Seriously, **NOT GOING TO HAPPEN**. We probably have a better chance than either. And I estimate we have about a 1 in 1 quadrillion chance of that happening.
And adding Burlington, VT isn't going to do that. Technically UNH lies in the Boston media market, but I'm pretty sure there's multiple teams in that region the Big East would rather have if forced to chose one.
BIG EAST HOCKEY INCOMING then, starting 2022. (/s) (Apparently there are some people up this way who actually think that, despite it making no sense as the current Big East only has one hockey school )
Also, hilariously enough, your question could apply to the respective men's hockey teams, lol.
Honestly, you probably have more to worry about if you're a few rows above eye level. Pucks going over the glass tend to be shot over at high angles.
Alternatively, it would mean the Summit would have 6 football sponsoring schools (the Dakota schools + Western Illinois)
Agreed. Also, don't be a FBS football school.
Why wouldn't it?
Except taking into account what choices might be realistic, or whether a particular school is a fit in a conference includes factors such as academics, which is precisely why it gets brought up and why your whining about it sounds like sour grapes.
It's because they're highways funded from the same pool that interstates on the mainland get their federal funding from, so the interstate designation is for administrative reasons, basically.
Methinks you're not exactly the most unbiased here.
Texas, Kansas and Iowa State of the remaining members. All of the ones who left were at least AAU at the time (and aside from Nebraska, none of them have been kicked out yet)
Making the rest of us look bad in the process considering you lot had a losing record. I stand by my assessment.
That was my favorite part of tournament play, lol. I miss curling, but being carless makes getting to Broomstones impossible, and I'm not rich enough to afford TCC membership fees. (If I had that kind of dough I'd be able to afford a car in the first place after all)
Chocolate hamantaschen exists? BRB, telling the Lady Friend to make sure she includes chocolate as a flavor for next Purim
Sometimes CAA games as well. Again, it's quite rare and I don't think it even happened this season since NBCSN lost the Ivy rights, but it has been known to happen. NBC just doesn't have that many CFB rights in general because of their emphasis on other sports.
On the other hand, Pioneer League schools didn't want to be DI in football in the first place, but were forced to move up, so the no scholarships thing isn't really connected to the travel bill.
Hockey, rugby, college basketball once that season starts. And also NASCAR. Though there's also some bs programming like the auto auctions that could definitely be dropped in favor of more sports. Having said that, NBC's strategy has been more to go all in on sports or leagues with more niche followings than to try to compete directly with the likes of ESPN for a bigger slice of the CFB pie.
I absolutely do not buy the argument that the committee would treat the academies any differently than any other G5 school, just because they're the academy teams.
You're not wrong, but the post is poking fun at a certain Maroon and Gold school's OOC drought. It's more misleading in that it's only four games during that time: Beanpot CG vs Northeastern, @ Minnesota State x2, and the Belpot CG vs Union.
Huh. I wonder why mine is different then, because I'm sure it also came from Amazon (received it as a present about a year ago)
And said rival also can't go by Colorado either, because CU has dibs.
No, it's because their TV contract is with NBC and not ESPN/ABC
Well, if the answer is CFB specific, then dropping football would be the obvious answer
Implying Bruins fans have any feelings on the Isles one way or the other
What? You were in Boston this week? I need to come round these parts more often it seems.
Until our civilization collapses, the construction will never stop. It's always something.
Outside of MA, not really. The majority of the public schools are branches of the main university system or are community colleges.
Exactly 1 more than half. Not nearly as egregious as the people crying "over half the teams make the playoffs" make it sound.
NBA never has, NHL no longer does because of the change in playoff formats to a (mostly) division based system - in which case reseeding makes no sense for the same reason MLB doesn't reseed.
The best part is that they immediately won the Stanley Cup after the name change
&gt; I have no problem with that if it means cutting the tuition costs of the rest of the student body. Any such savings would be marginal at best.
Me: I shouldn't order food. It's not cheap and has calories Also me: GIMME DAT CHEESY BREAD I also used the rather faulty logic that since Lady Crush is supposed to be coming by tomorrow, I didn't want to eat my leftovers today and have to cook while entertaining her tomorrow night.
&gt; They list that we get 18 games. The first year it was the playoff game. The second it was a USOC game. What happens if you somehow don't get a home USOC game or a playoff home game?
&gt; YEAH VULPES IF YOURE READING THIS GO SLEEP LMAO ITS 2AM SAYS THE PERSON POSTING IN TRASH TALK AT 2 AM
Oof. Yeah, probably not worth it unless it's a requirement for a job. And even then, unless it's like, accounting, you may be better off with a Master's in a field more closely related to what the company does. Source: me and my team of Business Analysts with a total of 0 business or management degrees between us.
Weren't we 8th in the East this past season?
*SHE
They're not DI as of when OP made the map. Same with Merrimack.
Also, Stadium apparently thinks we're in the WCC, since they keep playing that commerical instead of Patriot League ones.
2030; Edited the post to reflect that
Unless of course, that is actually your job
Yeah, to expound on other answers, about the only way it could work is if each sport was governed separately *and* whatever organizing body took over regulating college football required pro/rel. And even then it's a very big if since pro/rel just simply isn't part of American sporting culture. Even though I personally prefer it over static franchises. And of course there's the fact that the schools would have to actually agree to such a system
I made it
Unfortunately the next train wouldn't be until 1:30ish. Fortunately I did make it.
Ooh la la
Oh happy joy joy
Have you seen the new animated version?
The issue with Christmas is that it gets hyped up by people looking to sell you stuff.
Can't you do that with force powers anyway?
And they don't do scholarships for football.
Find games that allow Cross play.
That's FU Fighters. Fillorians United takes their cause deadly seriously.
I agree it's stupid for a school in the Carolinas to have a Boston Terrier as a mascot.
But the Frozen Four is the *second* weekend in April, so I don't see the issue here.
Ok, so please, enlighten me how your example of the Empire State Building (an enclosed building) is in any way comparable to this situation with an open air stadium?
No, this could have been easily googlable. Plus I took it as another sign of the anti-NCAA bias that tends to pervade these parts.
&gt; My orginal point was to the safety of the spectator who is far safer in the stadium than sent home through the parking lot. And that's all well and good. Except that has fuck all to do with whether the game should be cancelled or not. Since you yourself admit that clearing the field with lightning within five miles is a good idea, and the game can't exactly happen if the players can't take the field, then your hot take makes zero sense. Now, whether you want to argue that spectators should be encouraged to shelter in place following a cancellation for safety reasons is another issue entirely.
[Stream is live](https://www.twitch.tv/bu_mrcanada/). Games begin in ~15 minutes
I CONTINUE TO TALK TRASH IN THE GENERAL DIRECTION OF THE IIHF AND THEIR STUPID TOURNAMENTS. I'M ALSO JUST GLAD THAT WE DON'T HAVE A GAME DURING THE TOURNAMENT THIS SEASON, EVEN THOUGH WE SENT FEWER PLAYERS THAN THAT TIME WE STUPIDLY SCHEDULED UNION OVER BREAK AND THEN NEARLY LOST BECAUSE WE WERE SHORT LIKE A THIRD OF THE TEAM.
A point of view that doesn't account for the dozens of other logistical reasons why waiting for the storm to clear may not be possible. The OP's premise is incredibly flawed because they're focused on a single aspect of the lightning issue. Especially since in most cases, teams will wait for a storm to clear anyway. Cancellations due to lightning happen because it becomes clear that the teams will not be able to take the field with sufficent time to get the game in, and travel plans or other circumstances make postponement not feasible.
&gt; But realistically they knew a week or two in advanced bad weather was coming No, "realistically", they didn't. Weather models two weeks out might give you a general idea, but the nature of chaos theory means things can swing wildly between when the forecast is made and the actual date being forecast for due to any number of tiny changes. Not to mention that even with advance notice that bad weather was possible, it's not necessarily possible from a logistics standpoint to change plans or be able to have contingencies on standby besides move the time up/back the same day.
Sabres/Flyers it is!
Yes, but the joke doesn't work otherwise.
Cue the spicy taeks that Notre Dame got "exposed"
ONE OF US! ONE OF US!
Why would the BU Pep Band a) travel to the GLI b) to support MTU? (/s)
Well, apparently I'll need to see what my other friends are up to because it appears the Lady Crush will be spending NYE with her family in NYC. Unless she's coming back tomorrow morning and just not saying anything, which I doubt is any better of a sign. *sighs*
But what exam is this?
Though depending on the program in question, that's not necessarily a negative.
Clearly. The only Miami alum I know lives in Wisconsin and seems to do just fine with the weather.
Or maybe venues that people in said metros can actually get to?
Are you questioning Gus?
It is our arena, but day to day operations of things like concert bookings aren't done through BU.
Yeah, there's just a lot of outside events because it's a) the only modern mid sized arena in the city and b) it's an easy source of revenue for BU. Which I'm sure helps go towards things like funding the Athletics Department.
No impact. Coaching departures don't effect the transfer rules, and players opting to sign professional deals can already do so anytime they want.
It's the only reason Larry Scott still has a job, after all.
OP is French and therefore possibly biased.
Well I don't think they should do that either. Zero-tolerance results in a lack of nuance or the ability to take context into account. And parking a paddy wagon in front of the school is excessive and unnecessary. But I guess that's part of the larger point - this shit causes people to feel *less* safe and the fact that it's normalized reeks of treating the symptom instead of determining the root cause as a society in order to ensure that people are actually safe.
I can't entirely say I agree based upon what you've said about the measures the school went to.
I find it a bit suspicious since management tends to be made aware that layoffs are inbound. Or at least that was my experience since my manager laid me off on the grounds that I was leaving anyway to avoid having to lay off someone else on the team.
Impossible. That would require him to be a fan of an "un-American" sport
What? NFL starts in September with the preseason in August.
I'm aware, I was responding to the specific point that co-owner teams aren't a bad thing. That Davis is a dumbass is a side point which bears mentioning regardless.
Well that's not as impressive
&gt; I feel bad that I'm saying this ~~during Pride month~~ but I really should buy more cargo shorts Fixed it. Actually, considering it's you, it should be: &gt; ~~I feel bad that I'm saying this during Pride month but~~ I really should buy more cargo shorts
NDTP is not a college team, thus this is outside the scope of the subreddit. Removing
There is not. The Portal isn't public to begin with, and is just a posting system, so the first we'll hear of any successful transfers is the player or school making that announcement themselves. (unless a journo manages to get a tip that it's happening).
Your first mistake is assuming that anyone on here actually reads the damn articles.
&gt; What even is the NCAA’s role in these decisions anymore? To enforce the rules as agreed to by the member insistiutions. Replacing the NCAA with something else isn't going to fix the issue unless the schools are willing to actually adjust the rules they operate under. Which given that this transfer rule is still on the books, it seems unlikely at present that they would be willing to. Of course the only reason to break off would be if a certain Bloc of schools did try to amend the rules on player eligibility to open up things like transfers and player payments, but a majority were against it. Since there's nothing stopping the schools from changing the rules other than a majority being unwilling to do so.
Dartmouth should be a keg or beer glass, seeings how their mascot is a Keg and not a Tree
I was going to answer "Holy Cross" but they're helpful to have around to pad our league records across PatLeague sports. So, I say drop American for William and Mary, on the grounds of pure spite re: AU and the fact that W&amp;M seems like a good fit from the academics side (to the point where some people I've spoken with mistakenly though they were in the PL)
&gt; they're just out of the footprint. They may be at the extreme end, but part of the rationale was to make it so that Penn State wasn't on an island by themselves and face the possibility that they become a flight risk. Between that and Maryland/Rutgers being in a population dense region (hence TV money, enhancing the research alliance through strengthened lobbying on the part of NJ's and MD's representatives and senators, and tapping into the youth population to convince them to study at B1G universities), I think either or both get added regardless, as they put the league and the member schools in a better overall position.
Oh believe me the only reason I know is because ISU fans have made that very clear to me when trying to argue the reasons why the B1G would take them.
No fucking clue. Some were blaming it on not clearing out people following the day game quickly enough (since tonight's game is actually a make up from a rained out game last month). I blame it on the fact that their procedures for getting people in the stadium are inefficient. Especially if the gate you actually need is on the opposite side of the stadium from Brookline Ave... Which is the street you walk up from the T station.
Pretty sure Vinnie's the projected No 1 based on the fact that we already burned a season of eligibility for his 1.1 games played last season.
Ow. I'm glad it's nothing more serious though!
Not really unexpected considering I make AH references on a regular basis
&gt; It isn't a problem playing in an NFL stadium for Florida and Georgia. Technically said stadium predates the Jaguars, so not quite the same comparison.
&gt; That makes them equal which a tie indicates. BUT WE PLAY TO HAVE A WINNER AND A LOSER. TIES ARE A WASTE OF TIME BECAUSE WE'RE RIGHT BACK WHERE WE STARTED - The typical response I get whenever I suggest in /r/hockey or /r/collegehockey that ties are not a bad thing, and are preferable to gimmicks like the shootout.
&gt; The Cocktail party is about atmosphere though, which we the fans create. Very true. And my point was more, it's not like these teams saw an available NFL stadium and decided to move the game there, it's been a tradition for longer than the Jaguars have been a thing. (And depending on which NFL rumors you believe, will continue to be a thing long after the Jags leave for allegedly greener pastures)
I can't exactly say I'm surprised, but I doubt this exactly helps our prospects to not suck this coming season.
Yeah, this proposal is completely borked because Nebraska would join the B1G by default. Same with Rutgers and Maryland under the ACC in the proposal. (Which by the same logic, Pitt and Notre Dame wouldn't be in the B1G, and CHSS and Syracuse wouldn't be in Hockey East, since those school's primary conference would be sponsoring the sport in this hypothetical)
Congrats, you managed to top OP in terms of how ridiculous your proposal is. Shockingly, geography isn't the sole consideration when aligning teams. And by keeping the B1G together while blowing up the other five leagues, you're not even being intellectually consistent in your proposal.
&gt; West Virginia in the B1G HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHHAHAHAHAHAHAHHA NEVER GOING TO HAPPEN &gt; Nebraska to the Big 12 Who would be in the inevitable Big 12 hockey league that would form based on who else you have adding hockey here. &gt; It makes geographical sense. Compactified geography is not a consideration here. The geographic spread of teams should be reasonable, but being on the edge of the footprint doesn't auotmatically disqualify Rutgers or Maryland from being in the B1G. If Geography were the prime motivator, Maryland wouldn't have left the ACC in the first place. And as for Notre Dame in the B1G, also never going to happen, because Notre Dame sees themselves as an Eastern school first and foremost, and that entails aligning itself with the Big East/ACC schools.
I'm mostly surprised you actually get internets in the Lehigh Valley
It's not like there was any urgency to add UConn while the league sat at 10 teams though. Notre Dame was available and wanted in, and so that meant we were on the search for team number 12. Which UConn makes sense for the reason you point out, but you weren't getting added without someone leaving or someone else becoming available that was worth adding. Whether ND was actually worth it is a separate debate, but the university presidents/ADs certainly thought it was.
Like, Based on pure geography Princeton should be in "Hockey East" in this alignment. And of course that's just the single most egregious example here.
I think Miami and WMU absolutely would rather avoid the constant long road trips. There just isn't a viable alternative at the moment. And if everyone else forces the issue, there's nothing they would be able to do about it anyway.
It seems that overlooked in this resurgence of science fiction films in mainstream cinema is that it means there's a shit ton of B movies as a result. The trailer I saw made it look like that while the premise is interesting, the execution was going to be cliched as fuck.
Well, instantaneous transportation is probably never going to be a viable technology thanks to the energy and computational requirements. So, at least it's confined to nice little thought experiments.
It's all good. It's mostly annoying because it just looks dumb visually and we don't even use it for any athletics or academics stuff, yet the media/NCAA does it anyway.
Since when do Ducks fly commerical?
&gt; I didn’t think still being in the mix was ever disputed. I think the news here is more "Anaheim has narrowed down their candidates" and since he's still on the list, collegehockey Twitter reported on that aspect.
Yeah, Notre Dame is a full ACC member who has a special arrangement for football. Outside of that, the only sports Notre Dame is not in the ACC for are the ones that ND doesn't sponsor, or the ACC doesn't sponsor. If the ACC sponsored hockey they would be in that league rather than the Big Ten.
Yeah, the blocking was funny for like 15 seconds before getting annoying.
I suppose that's fair. I'm mostly upset that I essentially lost my save to an update, and just not wanting to deal with the estates altogether.
I really don't see the scenario as any different from an organic intelligence suffering from selective amnesia.
A simple "no" would have sufficed.
It's probably the last one.
And no one calls them that.
But they don't. Especially considering that you are most likely referring to the one in Florida, but "Miami U" is the one in Ohio.
Then buy three hotdogs then. Do I have to think of everything?
I'm sure they do just like most places. But I don't think "sticking around for a basketball game" is considered a valid reason for applying for housing during intercession.
You must not be familiar with hockey legend Matt Dumba
I mean, Bettman and the BoG are a bunch of grumpy old farts to begin with. Not to mention the culutre around the sport itself hating anyone who dares to stand out or have fun. I am not surprised by any of this.
They can't stop ESPN from doing it.
Now that's a name I haven't heard in a very long time.
The core issue wasn't being in an East league, it was having to fly to play Maine, Merrimack and friends as league games. That and the league not knowtowing to their massive ego. I'm sure they'd be fine with playing in a Big East/ACC league with the requisite media exposure.
Or some manager trying to justify their paycheck.
It's more realistic than some of the other proposals in this post. Especially since the other six Ivies already sponsor the sport. As for the rivalries, there's still OOC play.
Does it count as breaking a Canadian sports curse if it's a championship of a league with all Canadian teams?
Would require an overhaul of the Stanley Cup Playoff format.
Not if it screws over the rest of the league by resulting in a guarenteed 0 tournament wins.
Isn't that what most people do because they simply cannot get a ticket to the game?
Kohl Center is practically NHL sized. Of course, it's also the home of the basketball teams, so go figure.
The Post Flair is basically there to help the categories of posts stand out. They also have the best feature of being able to search based on the specific tags.
Depends on where/what you're looking for. There's plenty of tech options, though some are out by Lexington/Concord, which doesn't really count as "Boston".
Hey, not all schools have baseball teams. Even those located within line of sight of one of MLB's most cherished ballparks
So the CHN News app keeps spamming me
True, but at least some arm of the state government gets something out of it. I dunno how many more people will show up, but I bet it'll be a huge improvement over Sam Boyd. At least from what I've read on r/CFB, it seems that people aren't overly fond of that place.
Well tell that to whoever at Kraft came up with this stupid marketing idea. Actually, strike that, tell whoever at Kraft came up with this stupid idea to find a different line of work because trying to trick kids into eating salad by pretending it's desert isn't helpful.
Except people seem to think that these other potential locations are "jumping the line" when no such line exists. Market potential means a hell of a lot more to pro sports owners than success in lower divisions.
Which I think is exactly what will happen. This whole thing reeks of the Quebec City to the NHL situation, where the potential ownership group basically got told to fuck themselves after jumping through multiple hoops. I'm not anti adding Sacremento, but based on where MLS has been expanding, from where I sit it's more likely that Sac gets a team via someone pulling a Precourt than by MLS actually granting them the expansion team. I mostly just get annoyed by people thinking that there is a line and by doing X, Y, and Z MLS has to give the Republic a spot.
I was just making the obvious stupid joke. Though the reason you give sounds very plausible to me.
Probably not the kitchen though.
I'm not convinced. Bandwidth and data caps will definitely be an issue. Sure, Google has their CDN, but the traffic still has to actually be routed to it.
That still doesn't make it intuitive. Or that the proposal makes really any sense
Says the Russian Fangirl...
Can't, you have to play a full round robin if you don't have divisions.
&gt; The only way I can see Army being added is if they move that game to week 0 so it remains special but I don't think they'd want to do that. Alternatively, just put Army in the East division and then Army-Navy just doesn't get scheduled as an in-conference game.
&gt; Army: Would presumably be football-only. I mean, I would be surprised if the American invited Army as a full member. They're barely competitive in the Patriot League in their other sports, and we're a borderline mid-major leauge. (I would even go so far as to consider us low-major just because of certain millstones we have in the league)
Unless a certain SA team would also be leaving to resume independence in the wake of this.
&gt; The Big Ten had 11 for most of my lifetime. And that was before CCGs were a thing, so it's not comparable.
Service Academy
You can't have a CCG without divisions or a full round robin.
&gt; but I could see there at least being a discussion I sincerely doubt it. The American's member institutions almost assuredly want nothing to do with Liberty.
Because the rules also specify that you must also have RR within the division if you have split division. You cannot do this and have all conference members play the same number of games if your divisions are 5 and 6 members. The alternative is a full round robin of the entire conference, which requires 10 games. Which only leaves two OOC slots. Especially for a G5 league, that's just infeasible.
&gt; Each side plays their own division plus however many from the other division it takes to reach 8. Mathematically impossible to accommodate.
I find this very difficult to believe.
P5/G5 are not NCAA designations, they are defacto ones resulting from the CFP, which is *not* and NCAA run organization. All schools in those groupings are part of the FBS.
Then if that's the case it could work. But I don't see why they would grant the waiver for an 11 team league.
Eh, UConn would probably just schedule annual home and homes with UMass instead.
Didn't Temple leave of their own accord, and the UMass thing happened afterwards?
&gt; BYU doesn't need to become a non-football member to make an agreement. Correct, however it also means that the incentives for doing so are different. And while there are reasons to have BYU on the schedule, there's nothing in your argument that builds a compelling reason to have an agreement at the conference level. The only party that benefits is BYU. The P12 members can simply schedule BYU on an as needed basis if they see fit.
You still don't need a formal scheduling agreement for that. Nor is bending over backwards to ensure that BYU is available necessarily worth it as there are other possible opponents that can be scheduled.
&gt; If the P12 is worried that BYU will be playing B1G/B12 teams I think the key aspect here that needs to be addressed is "why would the P12 give any fucks about that?" And I don't think your arguments have done that, because it's not as if BYU is so invaluable that they can't be subbed out for someone else in the MW or American to fill that "decent G5 team" spot.
I doubt that losing UConn telecasts counts as contributing to any ESPN death spiral.
No they don't. Disney owns much of Fox's former film and cable assets, but the Fox broadcast channel, FS1, FS2, their BTN share, and Fox Business are under the "New Fox" company.
And I just now realize who I was replying to, lol. But yes, the lack of commitment to the MAC was due to an unwillingness to kneecap the AD as a whole, which I think was ultimately the better decision
&gt; The AAC can stay at 11, keepp the 8-game conference schedule and still play a conference championship game. Only true if they split into divisions, but then that's going to require an NCAA waiver because otherwise you can't have everyone play RR in the division and also play 8 conference games because the imbalance causes issues with cross division games.
[I am not sure why this is even a debate](https://media.giphy.com/media/348tsqqVM1dCvT4zoY/source.mp4)
&gt; My guess is that if they truly want out by 2020, they'll try to negotiate an earlier release from the AAC in exchange for a bigger withdrawal fee ($10 million under the bylaws). I mean, no one who has left the league previously wound up being held to that requirement. So it makes little sense to hold UConn to the same.
Navy would ALT+F4 from the league if they go to full RR, this set up would result in fewer slots for OOC than annual games. Of course, that also frees an OOC slot in the process for the remaining members which would give more flexibility to schedule quality opponents.
&gt; Fool P5roof plan. Until the ACC decides to pass on UConn. Again.
&gt; Need to be willing to take an ego hit Have you met UConn?
Meaning WVU would get in over UConn?, If so I agree. What I'm saying is that the ACC is the only P5 that would even give UConn any consideration. Big 12, Pac 12, and SEC make no sense geogrpahically and lack of AAU status + already having Rutgers makes it about a 0% chance the B1G picks them up.
NEC also does limited scholarships (I believe they use a 45 scholly limit)
&gt; despite being a solid academic and research institution. Except you're ranked sub 300 in the international university rankings which tend to have a research heavy focus. So yes, it's an academic standards thing.
😠
They can afford to stand Pat at 11. Still enables a full double round robin in basketball, and they don't have a FBS football CCG to worry about fucking up the logistics.
Not directly, but sports does tend to help drive alumni donations to non sports stuff
That's because the other BE teams with football play at the FCS level. Butler in the Pioneer, G'Town in the Patriot, and Villanova in the CAA. Of those only Villanova offers scholarships (even though Georgetown plays in a scholarship league) As for who UConn will play, they'll probably try to get some buy games with regional P5s, schedule 1-1s or 2-1s with Buffalo, Temple, Army, Navy, etc, and then play other FB independents since there's now a lot more of them then there were serveral years ago (including traditional rivals UMass)
St Louis, maybe. Gonzaga, hard no. They're way too far away, so any value they add is outweighed by the travel costs to get to Spokane across all sports. And there's still no immediate need to expand past 11 either. Especially if the BE members do not want to give up the double round robin to do so.
&gt; Weirdly enough there's a decent crowd there defending the AAC now How much of it is because football?
Ok, that actually makes some sense.
&gt; Merrimack What?
Assuming Army is indeed on board, the only hard part would be the fact that CBS retains the rights to the Army-Navy game. Otherwise it's just a matter of creative scheduling and/or the NCAA finally forcing them to actually play the game during the regular season like everyone else has to. I don't think Army is on board because of their experiences in C-USA. A more likely outcome would be Navy simply leaving to go back to being independent, and the American can go to full round robin and have 1 v 2 in the title game.
Well, the culutral fit is "we're the not ready for primetime" set of football schools. Such a bond knows no geographic or institutional bounds.
I think the OP meant that all of the CCGs would take place after Army-Navy, via swapping the weeks in which Army-Navy and the CCGs are played. Not just the American's CCG.
I mean, change the divisions as often as you please, but the math doesn't work. I'm not referring to playing opponents only every X years, but the fact that you can't have RR in each Division and have everyone play the same number of conference games in the same season, because the uneven divisions throws off the possible pairings.
If Idaho were a major market BSU would be in a P5 and the Vandals would have gotten a MW invite.
**?**
It's just shy of 5 minutes into the first, give it time.
Assuming 17.10.5.2 b is followed to the letter, the issue of an unequal number of conference games remains. It is mathematically impossible to have 1 division of 6, 1 division of 5, teams play RR in the division, **and** everyone play the same number of conference games.
Well for starters, UCF would have had to accept the damn thing in the first place.
I'd still take Rutgers if I were inclined to bet.
Because you don't have football. Everyone knows that having football is the only possible path to success, and dropping it has 0 benefits whatsoever.
&gt; With the official announcement of their move, UConn will have played in three different conferences that can claim the “Big East” name. That math is flawed. Changing the name does not make the American and BE1.0 different conferences. In fact, by this logic the post is also incorrect since the C7 played in both leagues as well.
It was certainly built more with alums in mind, same reason XL Center is home to a lot of UConn basketball games, and the entirety of the men's hockey schedule. Which, isn't inherently a bad thing but it does mean that you have to put in effort to support a team that's... Well not great.
And their men's basketball team completely went off the rails. Plus their football sucks. Plus they're not up to par academically with the other B1G schools, something the university presidents care about, and they don't bring any significant TV market presence compared to Rutgers which of course matters for BTN purposes and was part of the imputus . Sure, SW CT is part of the NYC tv market, but it's a smaller sliver compared to New Jersey and while UConn is popular in CT, Connecticut itself isn't a big state. Sure, "Rutgers bad" is a popular meme, but someone has to be last among the P5, and Rutgers Atheltics is really only bad when measured against that standard. Plus they're still recovering from institutional sabotage. And yet, they still ultimately bring more to the table than UConn does.
I think ESPN has demonstrated on multiple occasions that they give zero fucks about UConn. Besides, we also don't know what was given up, if anything, to leave UConn out of the clause. Or whether they just assumed UConn would off for the BE thanks to the Tier III rights kerfuffle, and so didn't bother adding a team to the clause to avoid an immediate renegotiation of the terms (which itself costs time and money).
It's basically CCHA 2 Electric Boogaloo &amp; Knuckles.
Sure, blame the B1G for following their own bylaws rather than the 8 schools that pissed off from their conferences of their own accord.
Except the math doesn't work out. The only way to escape the issue is to relax the requirement on RR inside the divison.
I'll be damned if I let them make it three.
&gt; that both the WCHA and CCHA would’ve played as shells with the NCHC teams still in them. Oh yes, the WCHA would have played as a shell when 6/8 NCHC teams came from that league.
Besides, I while the potential loss of the Alaska schools sucks major ass, that's been on ongoing possibility for years because of threatened budget cuts and their location relative to the other 58 DI programs. Losing them isn't a sign of DI hockey "slowly withering" as OP put it.
So Arizona?
I assume the plan is to attend games for men and women. Since the only reason NU has two facilities is because the women don't play at Matthews.
It's also better for the overall university to be consistent in how the teams are branding themselves.
No, but the timing suggests that the 7 pulled out a contingency plan for "Alaska schools can no longer afford to pay the travel subsidies". That, or their plans to announce a move were moved up as a result.
Only because the ACC doesn't have it. The B1G might want ND, but ND would rather be in an Eastern league as noted by every single conference move they've made since the 90s outside of moving hockey to the Big Ten from Hockey East (which is pretty easily explained by not wanting to share a league with the likes of Maine, Merrimack, or Vermont)
&gt; Burnham seems to fill some of the role as well. There's not really evidence of that? Granted, we see very little of her time on the Shenzou, but Saru in particular seemed rather miffed on what he saw as Michael intruding on her turf. However, both of them have science backgrounds and it makes sense that Michael would draw on that when assessing the situation and making recommendations to her CO. &gt; I mean, Nhan was an engineer on *Enterprise*, but then became **Security Chief** on *Discovery,* that's a helluva jump. Agreed, but on the other hand we also have very little background on Nhan to begin with. For all we know, she was a Combat Engineer to begin with. (Granted, it's unlikely that Starfleet as depicted would even have those in the first place, but it would explain why she's would be qualified to make that jump) But as to the larger point &gt; I would suggest that this is an idiosyncrasy of the series and the writing more than a norm. I would argue that's the explanation for things like Spock simultaneously being sicence officer and first officer more so than Michael or Saru being dedicated XOs. The latter simply makes far more sense considering the paper pushing responsibilities the XO would have, on top of being next in line should something happen to the Captain. As much as "it's a TV show" is an unacceptable answer here, the truth is that showing these officers doing the background tasks their position would entail doesn't make for exciting television (e.g., while we see Picard in his ready room working on various administravia, the plot usually interrupts whatever he was working on, rather than watching him actually do what he was doing, so it serves mainly as a reason for him to have been in the Ready Room). Frankly, the characters need things to do in order to keep the audience engaged, and so we have breaks from reality (or at least what we would usually expect to happen IRL) to accommodate that. Ergo, it's easier to imagine that what we do see are the result of unique circumstances rather than necessarily the norm. Spock for instance being exceptional to the point of being able to handle the duties of simultaneously being the science officer and XO. Stamets being the de facto Cheif Engineer due to the nature of the Spore Drive. Michael butting in on a particular analysis because of her own science background rather than actually (or officially) fulfilling duties that Saru should be handling (or potentially vice versa though I don't recall seeing any examples of such in season 2, and I refuse to watch season 1 because it was a massive train wreck IMO).
Fine. Just don't be surprised when no one agrees with that definition. Just as they don't agree with your original assertion.
Can't say I disagree on that particular sequence.
Yeah I dunno either. Especially the quotes around Boston.
YOU MEAN LIKE THE OTHER 7 IVIES?
Is that not a thing most places, because I've never understood the "oh, it's just syllabus week" mentality.
Also, no one forced UST to jump to DI in response. In fact doing so is currently against the NCAA's rules, to the point where it's being debated as to whether a rule change should be put in place. But in any event, it's a purely voluntary move on the Tommies' part.
Yeah, there's nothing at XL tonight, though there are Disney on Ice shows later in the week, so that could potentially be part of it.
&gt; seats less people I doubt the missing 23 seats will make or break anything.
Well Millea was involved, so that's not a surprise.
Nope, you have to have BTN+ to stream the game. And BTN does show hockey games. It's just that 90% of them are Thursday/Friday games.
Let's see how long that lasts when you have to interact with the general public.
In fairness, that's more or less the same line we've gotten about the ASU arena for a while now. I'll believe it when shovels are finally in the ground.
&gt; I thought the NE10 women's teams were in that weird DI/DII limbo where they could compete for the DI NC The thing is, there *is no DI* in women's hockey. There's DIII, and then an open division (otherwise known as the NC division). So, that's why it's more clear cut on the women's side compared to the men's as to being able to "play up". &gt; got to spend most of their season beating on the other NE10 and DIII schools? Well, (now that Merrimack has joined the NEC), all of the NE-10 schools with women's hockey are in the same conference anyway. And while they "get to" play DIII schools, said games don't count for tournament selection purposes. Which while their RPI can't be adversely impacted, it's certainly a factor as to whether NEWHA teams are given consideration for an at-large bid in the near future.
Which is why the DII championship was discontinued in the first place, but the difference is that the playups were considered to be DI in hockey. Nonetheless, there remains a provision for DII schools to participate in DI championships if there is no DII championship. The difference is the *if* clause - should the DII championship be reinstated, the option would no longer exist.
The problem circles back to the fact that the NCAA is a voluntary, membership based organization. Even if you replaced the NCAA itself with something else, you're replacing the members with themselves. Basically, the options are a) eliminate varsity Atheltics altogether (not happening), b) the membership extricates their heads from their collective asses and/or reorganizes so that the top flight programs can make rules without worrying about the rest of current DI (possible but looking less likely), and c) government intervening to force the issue (which is what the NCAA committee is attempting to head off in theory)
Bylaws are pretty clear on the matter. If there's a DI Championship but no DII Championship, you can play up to DI standard. The difference is that unlike the DII schools currently playing up, such schools would not be considered DI. Thus, if the DII championship were reinstated, they would lose eligibility to participate in the DI championship.
WAC was willing to take the other sports the last time they nearly joined (the league currently known as) the American for football, and there's not really any reason to think they still wouldn't.
It *is* a 7 PM start. The issue is that 7 PM in Fairbanks is 11 PM in EST.
I'd rather not give Disney more money though.
So... that happened. I'm not exactly looking forward to how chippy tomorrow's rematch is going to be.
Apparently whoever is entering stats at Webster Bank managed to enter the teams *backwards*, UConn is listed as QU and vice versa. [At least as of right now on CHStats](http://www.collegehockeystats.net/1920/livebox/mquiconv.j25)
Pirate streams are not allowed because of copyright concerns
Welp, not the result I would have liked, but overall a successful weekend. Not really anything to complain about with Abel's performance except possibly that first goal, but that was as much blown defense as anything.
Yes
At least according to their online schedule anyway.
&gt; Cyborg's inclusion is a bit of a headscratcher. If this is about representation, why not the John Stewart Green Lantern? Cyborg is one of the founders in the current comics continuity, so that's probably the reason for it in the film. &gt; I'm not sure why the MCU is a bigger hit I assume you meant DCEU there. Freudian slips aside, I think a lot comes back to the fact that DC in general doesn't have as large of a "classic" roster compared to Marvel, *and* DC/Warner is playing catchup in response to the success of the MCU *and* there's the stigma of the rather terrible Superman and Batman films to overcome in many people's minds. (and Green Lantern for that matter, which is probably why a GLC member doesn't show up in the Justice League film)
That's the best part of that plaque to be honest.
&gt; I am a PhD student looking to "try out" in whatever fashion that may be- but I miss the game too much since my DIII days. Nope. Don't even think about it. No way in hell will you have time for varsity athletics on top of your PhD duties.
Yes, but Shea was asking about Vermont, not BYU.
Except that still leaves 6/8 NCHC schools being from the old WCHA, having history with one another, and most critically being in the group of consistently competitive schools. Obviously Minnesota and Wisconsin leaving were a huge deal, but it's not as if the current collection are exactly an island of misfit toys with zero shared history either.
&gt; How the hell would it get to Buffalo? International flight, probably.
Also, some schools are trying to rearrange their schedules even if they do otherwise play a full season. So, schedules are hardly set in stone even without the other considerations.
Why would the Big Ten expand to 17 teams?
Meanwhile, we literally have a "New Balance Field" and are roughly a mile from their head quarters. We're an Under Armor school.
We did briefly, but right now I'm pretty sure it's just Harvard that has a deal with them. Because of course they do.
Which YGOTAS mocked endlessly when not pointing out the inherent ridiculousness of taking a "Children's Card Game" as serious business. 4Kids actually thought it was pretty funny. The original Japanese animators don't like Little Kuriboh much though.
&gt; don’t know it what qualifies wire to wire Wire to wire just means they never slipped from number 1. So, Alabama 2017 is the most recent PS #1 to win an MMC, but they didn't lead wire to wire.
PR voted for statehood last time, but the result was controversial for a number of reasons. I don't think Guam was ever given the option.
Without a plan in place for a team, no need to spend the extra money to optimize for hockey. (though to be honest, only a minority of NCAA DI arenas are dual use basketball/hockey anyway)
Ohhhh. Ok, that makes more sense. Though again, I guess they assumed the trader would know the excerpts themselves were satire, and so were flat in their word choices to avoid misrepresentation of the original quotes?
It's probably easier to do that in a more stable conference home
That's it, I want you out of my country by tomorrow morning.
I mean, not surprising considering a massive paradigm shift is needed to get UCF to even be considered for the playoff.
Good, bad, idk?
It was just FC Seoul who used the dolls, and it likely would have gone unnoticed if it wasn't for the fact that they were branded with merch for the manufacturer/adult entertainment sites. Had that actually been removed, I doubt there would have been a furor.
Yeah, probably should redo that one.
Early 20th Century football history is fucking wierd
Did VizioBox just put the same answer multiple times, or did they somehow misclick which line to enter the previous question in?
Correct. With UConn's addition, only four BE members sponsor football Nova - CAA. Georgetown - Patriot League. Butler - Pioneer League. Connecticut - FBS Independent. Of course, given the headaches that football has given the BE in the past, it's unlikely they would move to sponsor it even at the FCS level.
Because having an even number is preferable to an odd number? Insurance against someone else bolting?
What does a Scottish rock band have to do with anything?
They also recommend granting a waiver for St Thomas to make the transition immediately, but final approval is still pending.
Why would CBS partner with Flo when they could just put the games on their own service, which is what they've been doing with the other deals they've been signing.
And Flo gives ViacomCBS absolutely nothing that they cannot do so on their own if they really wanted, given that not only does Flo specialize in sports and leagues with niche audiences, but at least one property thus far has jumped ship from Flo to CBS All Access (NCAA hockey's Hockey East Association). If anything, the strategy would be to buy out existing RSN nets/independent RSNs rather than attempt to build from whatever hodgepodge of rights Flo has cobbled together. And with streaming rising as the dominant platform, it would make far more sense to just keep buying exclusive rights to properties they can thrown on their own platform rather than trying to create a new RSN/invest in existing ones. Short version: your suggestion makes zero business sense for ViacomCBS.
That's a self imposed restriction that doesn't have anything to do with NCAA rules
I dunno, even calling it glorified beer league is selling it short. It's not NCAA DI, but it's not terrible hockey either.
Other responses cover this, but the patch is worn so that the flag appears as it would if you were running with one (hoist side forward). Since the flag patch is worn on the right shoulder usually, this results in the reverse of the expected orientation. If it were worn on the left shoulder, then the flag would appear as normal.
Probably not much, but there's also not a whole lot else going on, so *shrug*
I dunno, in my experience it's fairly prevalent in rural areas in general.
Seriously. Chip Kelly aside, I'm not sure I would trust any coach with these sorts of decisions.
Just as long as we manage to make up the Utah mlax game eventually. I mean, hopefully the restrictions won't be necessary going into Spring but who the hell knows at this point.
Considering how few scholarships DII can offer in the first place, I don't think the gap is as massive as you're implying. Especially since your second sentence is true regardless of which level you're starting from.
I recommend a Logitech G-series headset. I've found that the built in surround sound helps with both immersion and spatial awareness. I mean, I still suck at video games, but it's super helpful when trying to track down just who ambushed me in my latest Fallout playthrough.
I imagine it has something to do with Brunswick not wanting to deal with a potential outbreak caused by the returning students. Sure, Bowdoin is small, but so's the town of Brunswick. (and Mainers being Mainers, I wouldn't be surprised if there wasn't some distrust of people "from Away" mixed in)
UMass won't join a conference unless it's football only or if the American comes calling. There's no reason to pull their other sports out of the A-10
&gt; It hasn't become a well known symbol of racism like the other flag Which is why people (in general) don't make as large of a deal out of the GA state flag. Simply put, the Stars and Bars is not the flag associated with the Confederacy or White Supremacy in the public consciousness.
If there's one thing I've learned in the last month, it's that this is a very common misconception
Yeah, not sure why I bothered clicking. This is a perfect example of just why geographic proximity is *not* the sole deciding factor in determining conference membership. Also, 11 conference games + 1 OOC? Uh, I guess congrats for killing any meaningful non conference matchups. Or for that matter, having any means to measure relative league strength which is already dubious due to small sample sizes.
&gt; Since schools aren't going to protect their athletes for the sake of their health, and the NCAA is too spineless to protect them Thus committing the classic error that the NCAA isn't controlled by its membership. They certainly can't have (and/or enforce) rules if the membership itself doesn't want them.
&gt; It’s not the first flag, it was the state flag, whereas the stars and bars is just the battle flag The "state flag" *is* the Stars and Bars. (as opposed to the "Stars and Stripes" of the US flag). The Battle Flag is well, simply the Battle Flag.
No it hasn't.
