By “textbook” they mean that they’ve come to an emotional conclusion with no evidence to support their point, so they use that term to act as though there is merit to what they’re saying. That said, I was in a marriage where the two of us were arguing heavily near the end. I mean...honestly...if someone tells their partner “fuck you” then oh my opinion that relationship is through. That’s just my personal beliefs though. But either way you two have grown apart and it doesn’t look good.
Would you cheat? You’ve already said you wouldn’t. You may be unique, but you’re not 1 in 7 billion unique.
What I like to do that works for me is give my girl a kind of guttural grunt when she’s looking good (especially when she’s trying to look good or just got back from the gym). It’s hard to describe it, but that kind of hrrrngh or a lower grunt of attraction, and I’ll turn away like I can’t handle looking at her because she’s looking so good. Sometimes doing something like that which is more physical and not just words works really well. She may get coy or playful and ask me to explain myself, which is when I give her an actual compliment, like something I notice about her right then. Just make sure to compliment more than just the usual. Does her hair look like it took a while to get together? Is she wearing new lipstick/eye shadow? That said, if you come across like you’re acting it may seem phony. My personality is such that that’s how I’m actually feeling in that moment.
I absolutely forget often they’re in the NFC often, myself.
Ravens, Bengals and Browns are all too interrelated to split up, and the Steelers are more entrenched into that group than the Colts, despite them having moved from Baltimore.
Please don’t do this, FakeBrowns™️. This would be a smart decision and I enjoy watching the team where it’s been it’s entire existence.
Your argument is conflating likenesses of recognizable characters with stories. These are two unrelated things.
Cats are parseltongues.
BREAKING: Defensive minded coach drafts defensive players consistently in the first round. More at 11.
Nah. They don’t have anyone as good as Delhomme.
I for one am looking forward to the McDaniels-Tebow regime.
Oh I seem to have struck a nerve with you. I apologize for offending you.
It matters because he will be looking for different DTs and LBs than a 3-4. While base defenses rarely stay that way through the game, the purpose of having it as a philosophy dictates the athletic traits and responsibilities of the players.
Hey man whatever you’ve got to tell yourself to justify immoral actions to get services for free.
I debated on what is essentially a third team. I think who I would put on that list is as follows (in no order): Dunta Robinson, Steve Slaton, Kareem Jackson, Antonio Smith, AJ Bouye, DJ Reader, Laremy Tunsil, Wince Wilfork, Seth Payne, Shane Lechler
While I personally think the DPOY is TJ Watt, I love that this year the race is wide open and you can make a legitimate claim for many players. It’s nice to see a great young field of talent moving forward.
He was like Matt Schaub - borderline elite for a number of years and suddenly broke and couldn’t be repaired.
I get what you’re saying, but as I mentioned before I believe they’ve gotten cocky. I could absolutely be wrong here, that’s just my opinion.
The Texans have 3 playoff wins. 2 against the bengals and one against the raiders. Edit: I misread what you wrote. My bad.
The Texans are masters at fixing what an opponent has struggled with all season long. It’s their thing.
You have no understanding of how YouTube works, apparently.
JJ had a season that rivaled LT. Cam had a very good season, but not historic like JJ.
What? While KC has Holmes they placed dead last in the AFC West that year. Gannon set many NFL records that season and did it at [37 years old. ](http://www.espn.com/nfl/news/2003/0101/1485320.html) Brooks got one vote that year. Favre, McNair and Priest all had much better seasons. Brooks was an important part of that defense, and the Bucs’ MVP, but he wasn’t more valuable than any of the others.
Actually he touches himself precisely at 2:43pm every afternoon.
1) No one who votes for MVP follows DVOA or any other adjusted stat. They’re weighted too heavily and never factor in confounding variables. 2) I’m not sure what point you’re making here in regards to Gannon setting nfl records at 37. 3) Are you suggested that Brooks wasn’t even the MVP of his own defense?
This isn’t always true.
Why won’t he take a shower?
To be fair this is still a legit answer. You can’t ever count them out.
It’s strange how every team seems to have one position they always knock out of the park in the draft and FA, and one that makes you wonder how the hell they even have a job evaluating talent. The Texans are forever blessed at WR and forever cursed at Safety. We will probably always be trying to fill that second safety spot.
The Sacred Texts!!
You keep ignoring the fact that Gannon set nfl records that year. You are dismissing his MVP award because the modern game has better stats. Brooks won the DPOY and he deserved it, but his play didn’t even come close to Priest Holmes’ that year, not to mention Favre or Gannon. The problem with Brooks is that there were so many great players on that defense you cannot call him the MVP of the league. Take him out and that defense still performs incredibly.
The FakeBrowns™️ are forever cursed because they stole the RealBrowns™️ old name. Pathetic.
And he will suffer from the Madden Curse next year. Don’t forget that part.
I’m not arguing he isn’t deserving, just that the guy I was responding to’s points I would consider cases against him getting it rather than for.
I was simply responding to the other guys comment. Ever point he made was a good case for why there are other players more valuable. I certainly think Lamar earned it, but those aspects would be the reasons why he wouldn’t deserve it.
That’s a fair point. I think that if the voters had a specific set of things they looked for it would make this much less of a debate every year. Then again, maybe that’s the point.
They’ve won more times than they’ve lost in the WC round though. The tradition is the Divisional Round embarrassment.
There is absolutely nothing wrong with this rule. The only time it becomes a “problem” is when the offense is inept enough to do something so stupid in the first place.
I for one always squeal for joy when it happens.
It’s not a stupid rule at all. The end zones have special rules unto themselves, and the end zone lines are clear demarcations of that. You want to keep the ball then either a) don’t fumble it (crazy idea, I know) or b) fumble it out of bounds in the field of play.
Regardless of which one, if you fumble the ball out of bounds in the end zone you lose possession. Both sides of the field. There’s no sense in saying “well...that was the *opponents* end zone so it’s ok. If it is yours you lose the ball.” This is a rule that is consistent and there’s no need to change it for the sake of change.
I really don’t understand your question. The end zone specifically has its own set of rules. That’s why it’s the end zone. I suppose if you wanted to remove the rule altogether you could do away with the safety and allow the offense to maintain possession on the one as well. That would be consistent.
An offense has nothing to do with where their drive starts. If a drive starts on their own one, the defense in that case has done nothing to to merit a turnover.
Maybe the ban carrier shouldn’t let the wind knock the ball out of his hands? Seems plenty obvious that if he loses control without being touched he hasn’t earned the right to keep it if it goes into the end zone.
Lol I’m sure you do buddy.
*something something* sexy Jeff Goldblum meme
Could always make them start over at their own one I suppose.
No not at all. If you aren’t going to give the other team the ball then the only thing to do is reset their drive from their own one. Otherwise you’re just giving them the chance to score again when they already missed.
A fumble can result in a turnover. An incomplete pass cannot. These aren’t analogous.
This game is always proof that the Titans fans will never care about the Oilers like fans of Houston still do.
The hottest of takes.
It’s more likely going to be “oh shit what the hell were they thinking why would they call that pass” kind of offense.
He hasn’t called his bluff at all. He entirely backed down while trying to look like he didn’t. Bitch move.
#DUN DUN
All of these guys would be tagged by their respective teams though...
Boy you sure are a grumpy pants.
Vince wasn’t mentally ready to handle being a star in the NFL. He had a ton of talent, but not the ability to keep himself focused. Mario was the right 1st overall pick in hindsight. Bush, Ferguson and Davis were all pretty equal as the second choice, it just depended on team need.
As is tradition.
The only time a Titans team has scored 50+ points was when the New York Titans did it. However, they have been involved in a [59-0 game. ](https://youtu.be/v3Q9v8_FDBI) Also bonus points for them losing [57-14](https://youtu.be/funhsNNA5eQ). They won’t score 50+ today. No question about it.
Ladies and gentlemen...*sometimes* you should do some research before making a statement. It will keep you from looking silly like this troll here.
As someone who’s followed PFT for well over a decade I can say that Florio has gone from someone with interesting takes and insightful tidbits and rumors about NFL happenings into his current NBC form of only giving the hottest of takes and angrily rallying against perfectly sensible NFL rules like the touchback from an offense fumbling out of bounds through the end zone. It comes across as tough ever since the media has given him some form of credibility he has decided to use it to act like he’s smarter than everyone else, and that he is going to crusade to change the actual game in a way he sees fit. His legal takes are always on point, but beyond that I don’t even bother reading his articles anymore because they’re just going to be divisive and the journalistic equivalent of professional sports yelling.
It’s more like: (150lb scrawny guy with no muscle whatsoever): “You’re a little bitch dude.” (300lb bodybuilder with his friends minding their own business): “If you really think I’m a bitch then we can take this outside.” (150lb wet noodle’s quavering voice): “We can handle this how you want.” (300lb dude knowing it’s not worth humiliating the guy by going outside just turns back around to continue talking to his friends) Sherman can’t handle a libel lawsuit that would be funded by NBCs lawyers and he knows it. He’s like a chihuahua incessantly yapping at a German Shepherd, who lifts his head up, snaps back once and stares at him, followed by the chihuahua running away but acting as though it won the fight. Pathetic.
The NFL only allows a team to wear a throwback/alternate/color rush uniform 3 games per year. So instead the Saints are wearing their away jersey, which is a standard uniform. It’s a way to circumvent the rule by wearing a non-standard jersey at home.
Terrell Owens.
I just want to thank you for this. The more the Titans suffer the more I feel less dead inside.
The same way you can’t see that you’re getting the good ol r/doublewhoosh
No this isn’t true at all. It’s not a part of this phenomenon. I have enjoyed Mitch’s standup since he was doing Comedy Central Presents way back in the day. I haven’t thought of him in over a year, at least. He’s now hit r/all from a guy posting his picture and more people are posting about him. Mitch references are pretty niche and not as pervasive as you think.
They’re testing the waters with potential coaches they want first. If they say no then they’ll keep Jason.
They’re not. Chances are they’re really close to a deal with someone they want. If it falls through they’ll keep Jason. They probably feel he’s a better consolation than the candidates they aren’t courting.
It’s not predicting anything, just giving historical context. More of a trivia question than anything.
Can you imagine? What if Peyton had lost all those AFCCGs against the Pats? What could have been.
I get the comparison here, but I hardly think Sapp having one in general matches this posts theme.
It’s quite possible Lamar Jackson wins a Super Bowl this year before flaming out into a footnote like RG3, Kaepernick, Vince Young, et al ended up being.
Houston and heartbreak. Name a better nfl duo.
Uuuuooooohhhh boy. Here we go....
How far forward are we talking? In the next two years it’s surely the Cowboys. Arguably they’re a coach away from an NFCCG. The redskins have the right leadership now on paper, but who knows how soon that could change the culture. The Giants have something good young pieces, but Danny Dimes is still a bit unproven so we don’t know what the next coach will do as far as keeping him or drafting another.
I get that’s what he’s saying now but that’s just my overall feeling.
The first time Deshaun Watson was three months old* We have no proof it will be the last time.
I know I have hurt you deep inside because you keep being passive aggressive. All the best to you friend, maybe one day you’ll be able to engage in good natured shit talking without being offended.
Gee...I wonder what the people who’s banners say WE DO NOT SOW will ever do? This surely is a problem they’ve never once encountered before. Never before have they ever had a ship in their history.
This was a bad call on his part, but this also definitely isn’t a true statement.
Way too close to be overturned anyways.
Didn’t he have an injury 9 weeks ago? No one can come back after 69 days!
If he wasn’t touched it would be a fumble since he didn’t slide.
ESPN knows how to create one story for a game and will change that for nothing.
They’ll talk about JJ and you’ll like it.
You can cut the cord and just stream the games. It’s what I have done all year. Nice to save that money.
The big daddy ref *cough not from Las Vegas cough* told the refs how the game was going to go.
We could stand to upgrade returner, but our special teams has been a strength this year so your take there is just bad.
Lol what do you want him to do? Lie down flat on his back and wave a towel? I remember years ago when Dez had the non-catch. The prevailing sentiment was that common sense should dictate a catch. That’s really the same exact thing here.
If a 33 year old is a teenager that’s news to me. You have completely ignored Anger and the kickoff/punt teams. You’re comparing about one guy and saying it’s more than one. To blow up our special teams and redo it because Carter isn’t great is just laughable.
They even pointed out in the game this exact scenario happens all year long. It’s not a one-off.
Sure but if you want to go by the rulebook it’s an illegal forward pass and not a fumble so there’s still no turnover.
He was probably trying to get BoB to go for it on fourth.
ESPN doesn’t know how to do anything but narrate a story they crafted before the game. Kevin Johnson has had a good play and a bad play today. They haven’t once mentioned that he was a Texan until this year.
They absolutely are. No question about it.
Yes.
You do know a delay of game =\= loss of down right?
I don’t think either team wanted to play KC or Baltimore.
They said at the start of the game that the longest tenured player on the Bills is 7 years. That’s going to be a great team moving forward if Allen is able to settle down during big games.
I sure do wish we had taken Baker “oh shit I didn’t fully charge my razor twice” Mayfield.
People whining about this just want to be pedantic. The guy threw the ball to the ref after telling his team to not block. Anyone here complaining would be saying the exact opposite if it were their team. This happens regularly in the nfl during the season.
You’re wrong there. This change was made prior to the season and has been a point of emphasis.
I feel you man. I was unemployed most of last year and finally got a new job that barely gets me and my kids by, but I just find out I don’t get paid for the days our office was closed and I’m already behind on bills. I know I’ll be able to turn this around and start helping people soon. We will both get this done and help others brother.
Fragile? I’m not the one hamstering away trying to find any pedantic reason this was a bad call. The people who make the rules say he clearly gave himself up. It’s obvious he did. I’m sorry that your pedantry was not appeased.
The NFL said it was the right call. You are being pedantic trying to reach into the rulebook to show the exact methods of what “giving oneself up means”. It’s pretty pathetic on your part you can’t admit that.
Quick someone call the Bills and let them know this game meant nothing.
According to the NFL Officiating office, yes.
If we have to hope for a specific opponent in the playoffs we might as well forfeit.
Nah. Sherman just looked like a bitch acting like he could afford a lawsuit with NBCs lawyers then backing down. Pretty humiliating to watch.
Who interprets the rules? They do. According to them the rule is as was ruled on the field. Your pedantry will get you nowhere.
MY BONES!
Derrick Henry looks like his helmet is pushing out a chunky poo and got stuck.
Hey bro I don’t know if you’re serious but if you are be mindful of how you rest your feet when you’re sitting down. It sounds strange, but years ago I was going through physical therapy and my therapist noticed that when I sit I tend to “roll” my ankle (if that makes sense) and was essentially bending my foot inwards, setting the side or top of my foot on the ground. She pointed out that this was stretching the outside ligament of my foot and that’s why I would roll my ankles regularly. Since I made that change I haven’t had that problem once.
Who exactly do you think interprets the rules? Like...do you think the rulebook just magically interprets itself? Being this pedantic must make you miserable quite often.
Not this time they didn’t. It’s really pathetic you’re desperately clinging to something that is a non-issue.
I’m not sure if you are aware, but these two plays are not remotely related and not analogous. It’s clear that you have no clue what you’re talking about at this point, since you don’t understand the difference between a touchdown and a touchback. I know they sound similar, but they’re nothing alike.
Whelp...sounds like he won’t be Filipina her Thai night.
I expect this game to be pretty close. We are playing a team we beat this year, and our offense should have its rhythm back after the bad decision to rest the starters.
The Texans can beat the Chiefs and the Titans can beat the Ravens. Both teams have beaten each other, but the Texans were resting their starters when the Titans won. This could set up for a very interesting AFCCG.
Lamar won’t be playing in the AFCCG ;)
The Colts with a great QB would actually challenge the Texans for the division for a change. I don’t like that idea.
The Colts are so irrelevant. Why let them live rent free in your head? They’re figuring out who they’re going to draft and we are figuring out how to book a trip to the AFCCG.
On 4th and &gt;1 you call a QB sneak. You trust your guys to pick up less than a yard. Every time. There is no “bad call” on that play. This is pro football and your line should be able to pick up less than a yard on a play no matter how the game has been going.
I think the first post about this said she promised 1 photo for every $10 someone donates.
They’re hot right now, which is the perfect time of year.
Oh my, either you’ve forgotten who you’re replying to or your reading comprehension is shit. Here is, word for word, what I originally wrote: &gt;The Colts with a great QB would actually challenge the Texans for the division for a change. So, you see, me asking you how many times the Colts won the division under Luck is the exact point I originally made. Here’s the answer. AFC Titles Since 2012: Houston Texans: 5 Indianapolis Colts: 2 Jacksonville Jaguars: 1
This is a weird take. Any coach would vehemently disagree with you, but you’re certainly entitled to your opinion.
Yes, they beat us three more times you are correct. But they didn’t challenge for the division. Luck only won it twice his entire career.
You don’t. They’re inside you right now and you’ll never know until it’s too late.
It depends on the carnival, but I don’t remember a specific number. Usually with my kids they’ll try to sell me a “guaranteed to win this prize” game at a really high price, where my kids can play until they win enough to get that toy.
You’re referring to changes that were made because the scope of the novel was too large for television (e.g. Jeyne Pool/Fake Arya and Young Griff) and ultimately irrelevant to the ending. These changes the person is complaining about refer to completely changing pivotal characters from the very beginning. You didn’t see that in season 1 of GoT. It was very faithful to the first book.
Among others: The band Sogur Rós - Season 4 The band Mastadon - Seasons 5 and 7 Will Champion (Coldplay drummer) - Season 3 Noah Syndergaard (NY Mets pitcher) - Season 7 Chris Stapleton (Country Star) - Season 8
I never understood the hate for the rules. The NFL Playoffs are about making big plays in big games. The defense can make a big play the same way the offense can. If you want a chance at the ball, do your job.
Now just take out the Ravens so we have an easy path to the super bowl please ;)
Let’s not forget the only reason you’re in the playoffs is because we rested our starters. XD
Have you ever played a board or card game with someone who suddenly absolutely demands a rule be applied to the letter in spite of everyone having done so differently the entire game? That’s who I imagine these people whining are.
Why are you booing me! I’m right!
A rematch would not be in your favor my friend. Looking forward to that easy path to the playoffs if we beat the Chiefs again!
A rematch means we are playing our starters and have JJ as well as a healthy defense. Easy as punch.
That’s when you ease your bills in to her, too, and before you know it...BOOM you’re splitting all the bills equally like a healthy relationship should.
A person like this will have a new man paying the bills before cutting the dead weight. She’s not going to be worrying about being stuck in a relationship.
Her Plan B is probably not to use Plan B lol
Jones earned his way into the lineup last week. He is fast and a good pass catcher, and so if Duke needs a spell he’s shown he can be trusted. This is likely what happened yesterday.
Sounds like they’re finalizing a deal with McCarthy to announce in the morning then.
Look feller...you’re thinking of NASA or perhaps even the San Jacinto monument. San Antone is a long way away from Houston.
Bro I’m just shit talking Titans fans lol. They’ll never beat the Ravens anyways ;)
Eh. The only time Henry has ever had a decent game against us was when we rested our starters. The first game against the Titans this year was how he always plays against us.
Clowney is unquestionably a better player, but Whitney is more valuable to our defense.
Are you young? It was a thing during the McNair/George years.
Then it goes to sudden death? lol you’re describing the system as it is right now following regulation. You do that and then people will just bitch about their team not getting a crack at the ball in your new sudden death period.
Though I guess it’s basically the same thing. Not that I did it.
This is called narcissism buddy. Good luck with that.
No, it means you are incapable of seeing how every person holds value and can bring something to a conversation or relationship. But you do you man.
Damn you totally missed the point of my comment.
You were tying a larger point about relationships in general with some sort of coerced workplace romance, which is very odd.
There is an invisible poverty line in some women’s’ mind that exists between Walmart and Target and they are desperate to stay above that status level.
I think he’s trying to sneak an Always Sunny reference into his comment lol
We are all Americans on this blessed day.
For the first time ever in my life I made the exact expression as that little girl in the car meme and couldn’t stop until I finished reading. What a time to be alive.
It’s certainly possible! Unless it isn’t.
This, but -100%
BREAKING NEWS: The Titans announce their game plan to stop Lamar Jackson is “to just tackle him”. Claim teams haven’t had any interest in doing so all season. More at 11.
He’s not though. That’s not a knock on Henry, but no one is at that level right now.
Should hire Jeff Fisher. At least they will consistently not suck that way. Perpetual mediocrity is better than anything that organization has ever seen.
Ain’t no way Petrino is ever getting sniffed at in the NFL again. If he becomes an NFL head coach again I will eat my hat. You have my guarantee.
&gt;I thought they were a package deal! Irsay, 2021 offseason
All of those storylines may not even happen, so at of now he’s kind of right.
That’s true, but you’re taking my original comment seriously when it was meant to be a joke.
Your statement implies that a 19 year old doesn’t know how to apply for a loan. If that was your intent then so be it, but I was unsure if it was.
I literally asked you to explain your comment. You declined and said it was obvious. I then told you what it sounded like, and now you’re on a diatribe about something unrelated. You’re being either intentionally obtuse or disingenuous, and I honestly don’t care which. If you want to assume whatever position you’re taking is correct (and I emphasize whatever because you refuse to make it clear) then that’s fine, but to go on a r/iamverysmart rant does nothing to strengthen your position.
All the words in the world with nothing to say. Classic.
&gt;I cannot defend the point I made without elaborating on it, and thus making it possible to tear apart, therefore I will pretend like it is infallible and denigrate anyone asking for clarification. I hope this position works out for you in life, because it’s only making you look like a fool here.
*Continually says he’s leaving even though he isn’t. Still refuses to elaborate on his strawman argument while simultaneously not understanding what third person means.*
What part of “spike the ball on fourth down to stop the clock” don’t you find funny exactly? Because that shit is comedy gold.
As a cowboys fan you should know it is an undeniable fact.
He’s referring to the Irving Cowboys, fella.
A TLDR of what Bud did was basically that he demanded the Astrodome be upgraded (which the city did) and then very shortly thereafter used the team as leverage for a new stadium. When the city refused he bailed. Houston is still paying for the Astrodome to this day.
Unfortunately the Texans aren’t the Oilers. Even if they gain the rights (which I would love to see) they’re a totally different team. I view the Browns the same way. While in theory the Browns are the same team, they’re really not at all. That said, the *history* of the Oilers belongs in Houston. So many great players and teams that should be able to be honored in the city that gave so many great memories and gave back to Houston whenever they could. PS: Earl Campbell hot links are the best ever and if you don’t have them where you live I feel sorry for you.
1) Prostitution is illegal 2) If you think Asian massage parlors are 100% on the up-and-up and don’t involve human trafficking then I would recommend reading up on some articles about them. While the morality of prostitution is certainly up for debate, those establishments exploit women to the point of suffering.
Deshaun getting kicked in the eye and throwing a very difficult TD with his eyes closed against the Raiders. It was really unworldly.
Your whole argument was “it’s obvious why you wouldn’t want to ask a young adult how to apply for a loan” and refused to elaborate. You’ve built the strawman that there is a fundamental weakness in their character, and the reason you are refusing to elaborate is because your strawman will be easy to knock down. This is really basic high school stuff, friend. You need to try a little harder in your trolling or actually defend your position if you want to rile me up or look smart, respectively.
&gt; Where is this phantom ban that redditors keep telling me about? In China. Where are you?
(Doubt)
That is actually the Bengals and Ravens.
Could we out-Shanahan Shanahan’s kicker?
Nah
I’ve got no clue whether this is some kind of possum holler lingo from the Appalachians but it sure ain’t a Texas thang.
Like it or not it matters for betting purposes. While that doesn’t seem like a concern for the league it’s actually a pretty big deal.
This kills the NFL.
Prior to his first super bowl he was considered a choker. Even after the first the title persisted for a bit.
Thanks for the chuckle.
Need is different than doing something to “prove your haters wrong”. Vick used to put up big passing numbers to do this same thing, but it never changed his narrative.
This kills the Lamar.
That’s fine an all, but the OP said he did it to prove he could.
Sorry but this has been debunked. Elvis switched with an impersonator and lived out his final days in a rest home in Nacogdoches, TX.
My god Ravens fans are insufferable this year.
Actually they’re not. See Michael Vick for reference.
Because the OP was complimenting the Titans and you just whet and shit all over the Pats just because. Your response had zero to do with what he was talking about.
Fair enough. The point is still valid.
Steelers fans living in the past.
He got shit all over for being a bust, but honestly he had 6 solid years in the NFL, so I think a top-15 would have far worse players.
Sorry but Titans aren’t allowed to win a Super Bowl ever.
Because that wasn’t what was pointed out. The “point” was a jab at a Pats fan that had nothing to do with what that person even commented on.
It’s just amazing how butthurt they get if you don’t suck his dong and declare him the GOAT. Who cares if fans joke about him? So pathetic.
Touché
I really like the idea if it axes at least one preseason game and includes a non-conference division rivalry game, though I don’t know how that would work in the year that the team plays that rival’s division.
This shellhead fucks.
*yawn*
&gt;Deshaun doesn’t get blown out. I uh...well I guess if you discount the Ravens game.
That’s cool and all but what is his record against 3 Technique DEs with Mohawks?
Yes, yes they are. You are clearly a newer fan. Every player I listed above is a dirty player. Fisher and Williams are the unquestionable leaders of dirty teams. This isn’t some obscure or unheard of comment, it was a well known fact for many, many years.
An original fan and you aren’t aware of Haynseworth, Finnegan, and Jones’ reputation when asking me to name even one dirty player? You’re either in denial or a liar. Which is it?
Well this is just objectively false. Finnegan was consistently considered one of the dirtiest players every year he was in the league. Just see [here](https://bleacherreport.com/articles/528985-cortland-finnegan-the-20-dirtiest-players-in-sports-today#slide0), [here](https://www.google.com/amp/s/www.cbssports.com/nfl/news/cortland-finnegan-isnt-losing-sleep-over-the-perception-that-hes-a-dirtbag/amp/), [here](https://www.espn.com/blog/carolina-panthers/post/_/id/17530/new-panthers-cb-courtland-finnegan-has-been-called-everything-from-dirty-to-crazy), and [here](https://www.turfshowtimes.com/2012/11/10/3625376/cortland-finnegan-ranked-3rd-dirtest-player-in-the-league). Note that [here](https://www.google.com/amp/s/profootballtalk.nbcsports.com/2010/09/16/cortland-finnegan-aspires-to-be-the-nfls-dirtiest-player/amp/) is where he said he aspired to be the dirtiest player in the league.
They’re hot for sure, but I feel like they’ll run out of steam next week if they pull this one out.
Lamar is a choker. This is a trend now.
“The nfl can’t stop Lamar” comments all clearly came from younger viewers who don’t have a lot of experience with the nfl. This is a tried and true formula.
You’re right. Glad we don’t have to go to Baltimore 😉
On the contrary that’s absolutely him having wide open passing windows. The next gen stats mean nothing. Watch the games and you will see his receivers would be open to a college qb throwing the ball.
That’s wild man. Even tonight almost all his passes were wide open. Might want to get your eyes checked.
If that were true they wouldn’t have been blown out.
Big Choke
He got the Philip Rivers treatment.
Chiefs still have a game to play before that.
Lmao the good ol’ Reggie Bush “all purpose yards”. Garbage time fluff. Lamar couldn’t hang when he had to put the team on his back. System QB.
I’m sorry. Show me the last of the game where Lamar brought the team back to win it? Wasting valuable time huddling and running the ball just proves he can’t do it on his own.
The only thing I want is an All-Rubber-Match Conference Championship Weekend.
That’s right. Just like when Trent Dilfer won the Super Bowl.
I think that when you take Lamar out of this system built just for him he cannot perform. See: Last nights game, and last season.
On the bright side he has plenty of time to dance now.
LWW was always going to be the way until the Titans got through. Now, as long as we win, we have an easy Super Bowl berth.
Well if that happens it just means the Texans will finally be in the Super Bowl. Let’s do it.
Don’t worry. We’ve got the answer and will take care of them next week ;)
That’s the thing. He has one system he works in: Harbaughs custom made offense that relies on reducing his liability in the passing game.
Definitely haven’t. But to be fair their sheer level of arrogance during the season has been worth the wait. Now most of them have disappeared, and the ones that haven’t are clinging to stat padding as being meaningful yesterday.
NFL history is filled with QBs that put the team on their backs and win games. That’s exactly why they are paid as much as they are. Lamar can’t.
No, anyone who thought Lamar was unstoppable was dumb. Those of us who’ve been around long enough to see Peyton, Brady, the Greatest Show on Turf, and even the 02 Raiders get stopped when it mattered most knew better.
I’d bet it was nerves. He didn’t have those awful throws until the game was getting out of hand and the team needed him to win with his arm. The situation was just too big for him.
The stage was too big for Lamar. It had nothing to do with rust.
Nah. We beat them when we were trying this year and graciously allowed them into the playoffs. Our generosity ends there.
Every time the media jumps on our bandwagon they end up with egg on their face. We won’t be heavily favored to win big games unless we win a Super Bowl. That’s just how it is.
That’s fine. Everyone was talking about a Chiefs Ravens AFCCG before last night too. Let them talk.
You’re right. The major difference is that while Jackson did it in the regular season he couldn’t on the big stage. Carrying a team in his back is not something he can do.
You are mistaking great efforts by the WR for the truly amazing efforts by QBs. See Favre, Elway, and numerous Brady years for reference.
Derrick Henry looks like his helmet is squeezing out a fat turd that got stuck.
I’m just having fun man. I by no means am seriously predicting anything, and welcome the good natured shit talking of what I said is wrong.
Universal Social Media Intern: Sir, ever since this one influencer visited the park our attendance has dropped by 1% over the last quarter. Universal Executive: Amazing. I never thought one influencer could be so terrible for business.
What if a team ties the game with 7 minutes to go, the opponents then have a long 6 minute drive that results in no points but ends regulation (let’s say it’s off a missed field goal)? That would give them two possessions in a row and put the first team at a much bigger disadvantage than a coin flip would.
Has there ever been a more dominant team getting absolutely humiliated and going one and done in the playoffs than these Ravens? Even during Peyton’s infamous early years choking it wasn’t this lopsided in terms of dominant regular season and the Unsolved Mysteries missing person postseason.
Says you!
&gt; Tennessee’s 1s clapped the Texans’ 2s just around 2 weeks ago 35-14 lol. FTFY. Our generosity in allowing you into the postseason would end next week.
He did for sure, but the season was by most means historic for the Colts that year, which is why I ask.
I for one would love the fact that we would play in Houston literally within pissing distance to the Titans’ old stadium they could never manage to host an AFCCG in. Really interesting narrative.
Usually it’s us doing these things. I’m definitely going to enjoy it while it lasts haha. Hopefully we can hit the gas and get Fuller on some bombs like last time.
Don’t underestimate BoB. That chin has magical powers the world has yet to witness.
Don’t underestimate the Texans’ ability to choke man. We are very good at it.
TIL no good team has ever faked a punt.
At the time it happened it was widely considered a demotion, and Simms himself was reportedly unhappy about it. Edit: [Here](https://www.google.com/amp/s/ftw.usatoday.com/2017/04/phil-simms-new-job-cbs-replaced-by-tony-romo-was-my-pride-hurt-absolutely/amp) is a source describing his reaction.
They literally ran the play lol.
I believe the all-time biggest lead blown is the Oilers against the Bills. Fastest would likely be the MNF game between the Colts and Bucs.
Didn’t we fail to gain a 4th and 1 last week and everyone shit all over BoB for not kicking it? I swear people just want to piss and moan about failed plays as if the failure itself means that the call was bad.
Honestly man this is all part of being a Houston football fan. It’s happened going back to the Oilers, and the Titans remain cursed with it too.
A QB sneak should be able to gain less than a yard. It wasn’t a bad call.
The loneliness and sadness comes from the cognitive dissonance of them trying to convince themselves they are not doing anything wrong, while doing something that is objectively wrong. Because that incongruity specifically requires them to deceive the one person they should be able to seek comfort from, and that their actions require being unable to speak to anyone else about this either in fear of being outed, they have to stuff down those negative feelings. They know their partner should be able to help them, but they also know that if they came to them their partner would never comfort them again. The narcissism of infidelity won’t allow thAt.
This is just trying to obfuscate the truth. If this were 200, maybe even 100 years ago then sure maybe we can talk about the “gray area” of societal norms and pressures forcing monogamous relationships on people and causing infidelity. But we don’t. We live in a society where promiscuity is permissible. It’s perfectly reasonable today to be single and sleep around, where it wasn’t in the past. To willingly choose to be in a monogamous relationship and cheat means that you’ve *willingly* put yourself in that binary system of good and bad. No one forced you to, you did so yourself. The fact of the matter is that the cheater would be highly upset if their partner was cheating on them because, as I mentioned before, they expect them to be monogamous. Few cheaters are truly remorseful for their actions. Most cheat and do so regularly. To deceive someone you have promised to be faithful to and support them emotionally with something that literally destroys lives is not a gray area. It is objectively bad. For someone who has cheated to be remorseful they will either 1) immediately confess to their partner, therein giving them the agency to make their own decision regarding the events or 2) immediately leave the relationship after understanding they cannot remain in a monogamous relationship. Calling infidelity a gray area is simply an exercise in rationalizing objectively immoral behavior.
Moving the goalposts now. Classic.
If sex was that important to her then she had plenty of time to end the relationship when this was going on before she got married. That’s on her. The truth is probably that the sex is actually fine and lasts an average amount of time, and she’s exaggerating to gain sympathy.
Clearly she was abducted by aliens. It’s the only excuse.
The salary cap is the pool of money determined by a percentage of revenue the league takes in. To circumvent that is to hurt all player salaries, since if it became widespread it would artificially deflate players’ pay.
It’s just the first round pick that’s gone. We actually have quite a few picks in this draft
With all due respect you are claiming to be a Texans fan but are on the Titans Bandwagon. I don’t buy your “I hope he leaves us” as being a fan of the team.
It’s a tradition as time honored as when Luck would be blown out in the playoffs. It’s just how the AFCS rolls.
Nah. Titans will have a hangover next year. The Jags are the ones that will make some noise.
No self respecting Texans fan would root for the Titans. For all you went on about that the Texans have done it doesn’t hold a candle to what Adams did to the fans.
Not as fun as letting a Pats fan look really foolish all on his own ;)
The point at hand is that teams throw out the term analytics like the term synergy used to be. He’s not wrong on that part.
We call that the Marty Schottenheimer.
If having $86 million in cap space is rough then yes.
Looking forward to seeing again you when the Titans choke too friend!
You’d be better served sticking with one of them that pretending you’re a Texans fan. Life will be easier for you that way :)
Texans updoot here dawg.
Nah, for as bad as O’Brien is the Texans have owned the AFCS since 2012.
Wouldn’t he know these things being involved in the trial though? I doubt Cochran and Kardashian kept him in the dark about this kind of stuff.
Hey wait OP are you the guy that fucked my mom?!?
Gf ain’t missing you bruh. She’s texting someone she actually respects while you’re on the couch.
Honey is an absolutely acceptable alternative to jelly. It is also the better option for pairing with bananas.
In fairness the fire O’Brien chant has been going on for years among Texans fans.
Well my dude it definitely isn’t possible if you don’t attempt it, so invite your best friend over and start experimenting.
Incoming 22 yard game and a Titans loss.
Cat like reflexes. The man knew how to dodge shoes, that’s for damn sure.
It’s times like these I’m grateful I have an innie.
My exact thought when I read this lol
I’m fine. My secret is I always know the Texans will break my heart. I was ready for it.
[She had...Man Hands](https://youtu.be/tuwLFkpk4Lw)
Getting to the real heart of the matter here.
That’s Vile
“THAT’S NEVER STOPPED YOU BEFORE”
I got that’s what he meant, but the left photo clearly shows the same hand, so Man Hands is the only explanation.
Sometimes it sucks being right. I’m not happy that I am tbh.
This was a class in ethics, if I remember correctly, so that textbook would have been (no joke) Simpsons and Philosophy.
How revealing would they be?
So your erection points down then?
But man my pants are uncomfortable when I’m pointing stone. I would need something different!
Curves? Mine is perfectly straight though!
I’m just repeating what my friend Jerry told me. He’s a bit of a ladies man.
Honestly... why don’t they fly everywhere they need to go? Or at least take their yacht.
This guy comments.
You know I was a little bit worried to be honest, but it certainly does look like Justin Long is really adapting well. Good for him.
I dont think I am someone who watches obscure movies, but I seem to have a problem of being unable to find a lot of the movies I’m really jonesing to watch sometimes, regardless of whether I want to rent it or stream it illegally. True first world problems.
She comes from a long line of prospectors in the San Francisco Valley.
Universal owns the theme parks, and they’re always packed. It’s still a valuable property, and quite honestly it will always sell. The books are still very popular, and most people consuming the merchandising are doing so not for the new product but the original. Just like Star Wars will always be popular in spite of the sequels and the prequels, Harry Potter will persist because it is an accessible story that consumes the imagination.
No, sorry but this is obviously wrong. Vacuum cleaners don’t work properly that way. Clearly the way you vacuum walled surfaces is by tilting the house on its side.
The Titans possess the same choking DNA as all Houston football teams. They will never win it all, just like the Texans never will. This is dogma.
No you don’t understand. The Texans aren’t ever going to a Super Bowl, so the regular season wins count as playoffs wins.
I’d say he’s close to a Madden but not quite there yet, though I think he will get there. Edit: Apparently I’ve offended the younger crowd who never watched Madden in his prime. Romo is great, but he’s not on that level yet.
That’s cool and all but who was the first QB to win back to back games wearing 3+ shoelaces?
r/unnecessarycomments
I don’t think his odds are good if he has to play the Packers and the 49ers together.
It’s a shame the damn thing is so cheap looking.
Correction: 1. The GOAT 2. The One Year Wonder 3. The Future GOAT
Nah. I think it’s the Jags’ turn in the AFCCG next year after the Texans win the division again.
Yes the Texans will get 1000% credit when the titans win the super bowl this year.
And Houston and Dallas and Buffalo. You seriously underestimate Wade. His niche is quick fixes to defenses that wear off in about 3 years. He is in no way married to personnel, and adapts his scheme to his players. He’s perfect for a team needing a short term fix in one area.
So it seems by your comment you may not understand how the process works. If you win the coin toss you get to either choose an action, or defer that choice until the second half and allow your opponent to choose first. Therefore, if you win the toss and choose to kick, your opponent gets to choose in the second half and will choose to receive, which means you have kicked twice and not received the ball at all.
The Seahawks moved to the NFC in 2002 when the Texans entered the league, so it was the NFC for both them and the Packers.
He edited his comment after I made mine lol.
Yeah, this has always been the rule. No worries man, we are always here to hell if you have questions.
Minshew Mania: #2 in the division, and #2 in the AFC. As is tradition.
Your mindset is very atypical for a Rust player, just so you know. You may have some positive experiences, but on the whole Rust is a very brutal and unforgiving experience for most players, especially those that are just learning. A new player on an average server just walking around minding their own business is unquestionably going to be killed by other players passing through, and there’s no doubt their base will be raided and the things they spent hours on will be gone. For someone who doesn’t have many hours a week to spend on the game the level of enjoyment that can be gained is very, very minimal.
I’m not sure what obscure servers you are on, but it’s definitely not the main ones. I’ve never seen a “noob village” and if I was ever on a server that had one it certainly wouldn’t exist for long. You’re describing a very small number of servers. Everything I’ve spoken to is in regards to the behavior of the average player a new person will encounter on an average server. I suppose if you seek out servers dedicated to passivity you will find it, but it’s by no means the norm.
&gt;I’ll get you, my pretty! And you’re little grandson too! -Rey Palpatine’s Grandpappy’s final words at the end of Episode 6.
I haven’t played Ark but I have friends that do and they’ve said it’s more miserable in certain ways.
Including St. Brutus’ Secure Centre for Criminally Incurable Boys?
Any man who buys these jeans *definitely* drinks Surge daily.
Insanely expensive watches are one thing that the ultra wealthy buy to distinguish and identity themselves from the rest of the population. Most people know about Rolex, but few of us average Joe’s know anything about a Patek Philippe, nor would we be able to notice one at a glance.
You lucky bastard. That means you’ve got a shot with Marissa Tomei.
We probably only have three years for our super bowl window right now so Wade would be the perfect fit there.
YTA - Oh brother, what kind of dad are you aspiring to be? I have 4 kids under 11. I split custody equal with their mother. I’ve had to take care of them all on my own while having horrible headaches, illnesses, and the like. I never once asked her to help because it’s *my* time with them not hers. Be a flipping dad and take care of your three kids. You have them, what, 6 days a month? Jesus dude.
1. Voldemortx2 2. Young Voldemort 3. Quirinus Quirrell 17 years had elapsed between the time Harry had first beaten Voldy and the last time, and Harry would squeeze through the process since he would take a far lower salary than someone older than him with the same level of experience. And don’t you dare tell me that Qurrell isn’t a Grand Dark Wizard.
Fans don’t determine what is and isn’t canon.
MANURE!?!!
Chamber of Secrets when he defeats young Tom Riddle.
He had to destroy the Voldemort that was in the diary. I’d say it counts as it directly interacted with him for much of the book and there was a face to face confrontation.
Anyone who agrees with what this person said is literally echoing what Trump supporters said 4 years ago. You are not allowed to stand on a pedestal and say “all animals are equal but some are more equal than others” to justify the means to your end. Either both are ok, or neither are.
Sure, when both sides do things that are wrong 😉
You guys are getting neighbors?
&gt;Reid then proceeded to destroy Kelvin Benjamin in a pie eating contest at the Miami Golden Corral. We are reporting no survivors.
This is an extremely nihilistic view of altruism, and while Nietzsche would be proud, it is impossible to state that all people do x because of y with no variation.
No. What you said was &gt; Furthermore, everyone will always act only for themselves. Your entire premise of altruism hinges on people always only acting in their own self-interests. While this may be true in a majority of cases, it is not logically possible for it to true in every situation that every human has ever been in.
You are quite literally saying that humans will always act in a very specific way in every single interaction they ever have. You are presupposing that humans are entirely incapable of acting against their wishes, and will refuse to see any behavior that contradicts that assumption as anything other than what you’ve asserted. There is no way to prove you wrong, because any action that is altruistic is part of your self-fulfilling prophecy of acting in one’s self-interest.
Is this a trick question? People act against their best interest all the time, for good and bad. People are not robots programmed to only execute a function if it results in something that is beneficial to them.
&gt; I don't remember you giving me any examples. Just try one of those obvious ones, and tell me where I go wrong. I gave you the example, you want a motive. There is a difference. Your argument assumes the motive is always in the individual’s best interest. Pushing a stranger out of the way of a car and becoming injured (fatally or not) is not in one’s best interest. &gt; So this is your concern. How would you disprove this claim: "the biggest possible number doesn't exist" or "at least something exists"? This is irrelevant to the discussion and doesn’t warrant an answer. The issue at hand is altruism and your argument is that it doesn’t exist. You are trying to equate human nature into a syllogism by saying everyone behaves that way. That is not how human nature works unless you are arguing predetermination and predestination.
If you discount the fact that this will happen in the books then sure.
No one is saying it was executed properly. The fact remains, though, the last line of the post is clearly bullshit. That is obvious to anyone who has paid any attention to the show or the books.
No... they mentioned the best ones for sure.
I like the queen. She seems neat.
She’s old and little. It’s adorable.
That exists only as a plot point if you were barely paying attention to the show while staring at your phone, seeing as you’ve grossly misunderstood the point of the phrase.
Yep. You can only misunderstand how the pack survives by literally not listening to the whole quote.
You aren’t dumb I promise, you’re just too busy with your phone. Read the whole quote and it will make perfect sense. It’s not hard to understand.
OP you should have included Jack Nicholson nodding slowly as dad. Would have been perfect.
Daniel? Who the fuck do you think you are, kid? That’s *Mr. Dimes* to you! Now get out of his face and don’t ever show yours around here again. You are a disgrace as an intern.
Dad I’m in my underpants..,
Just remember that a Houston football team will always break your heart. Always. If you remember that you’ll have a good time rooting for the Texans.
&gt;So ladies, let me get this straight. You say you aren’t a big old slut, but you’ve had sex at least one whole time in your life? Curious 🧐
Nah, you just have never been around truly disgusting filth before. This isn’t that.
False. I drive with my window down so it’s only 3 panes of glass.
Step 1: Find docile but smart guerrilla. Step 2: Teach it sign language and give it a fancy contraption that speaks the signs it is making. Step 3: ?? Step 4; Profit.
Oh yeah? Well my child is god to billions of Asians!
Nice
A quick perusal through that guy’s comment history shows he’s the most judgmental prick I have ever had the misfortune to witness. Everyone is beneath him if they don’t have a high ranking job or make a shit ton of money. He claims to be married and have kids, but my god his family must absolutely hate him and can’t wait until he kicks it to get the life insurance on him.
In America you can be imprisoned for not making enough money to pay child support. Not trying to dodge it, but genuinely working and not being able to pay what the court says you owe.
*There was a very large deer that suddenly ran from the woods in front of my car causing me to swerve. Honestly...why would I drive into that chasm otherwise??!!
Not pissed in the slightest. That would be enormous ammo for Sanders and Warren to use to their advantage in their election campaigns. Lots of great sound bites for their tv ads.
It took me exactly 5 views before I could figure out what the fuck was happening here in all its glory.
To say that the Senators are merely jurors is to grossly misrepresent their entire impeachment trial process.
&gt;Hem hem. Fuck off Umbridge.
I enjoy the Dayle version but I cannot stand his voicing of Luna. It is almost infuriating how differently he portrays her than what I have in my head.
Just playing Ship’s Mast.
The internet happened.
I don’t see anything inconsistent about that. Amazon is adamant that everyone has a right to be treated like garbage by their employer.
Me: fuck Descartes.
This is dangerously close to r/iamverysmart territory.
But Mr. Descartes your entirely philosophy is a sham.
And him getting charged is going to be *fantastic* for his YouTube channel.
&gt; Hat was attacked maliciously and unprovoked by a gang of babies in West Town Park. When that many babies get together they can be like piranha.
Granted. Everything becomes a real life episode of South Park, and all the people judging react exactly as the citizens of South Park do.
The Moon Landing is generally agreed upon as the end of the Space Race.
The Russians lost and have an inherent interest in making it seem like it lasted much longer. At the end of the day while Souyez did happen it was in the fledgling remnants of a once-important race. When America got the the moon there was nothing of significance left to go after. From that point on it was far more important to expand upon what had already been done instead of chasing after “firsts”, which is what the Space Race was all about.
Good == subjective
Kurt Russell has so many great movies that stand the test of time. Such an underrated actor.
&gt; Except the average democrat probably doesn't even know what that means. Every American knows what that means. Fear of Communism is taught here at a very young age. You aren’t any more enlightened than Jethro and his sister-aunt in bumbfuck Alabama.
I wonder if there was ever a time where people didn’t just jump to mass conspiracy theories about the press. It’s wild the think the Founders felt the press was essential to liberty, only for that to become vilified as manipulative 200 years later.
Oh shit me as well
As someone in digital marketing who does social media advertising, if you’re ever approached by one of these people promising exposure just ask the following questions: 1. How many of your followers live or are regularly in the city I do business in? 2. What percentage of your followers purchase a product or service you post about? If they can’t answer these two questions with hard facts and data then you can call them out for the amateurs they are. True influencers like Kylie Jenner know these numbers and what their actual “influence” is. If they don’t know, then they’re just playing make believe.
No one gives a shit that you said this. They are only skimming comments and not reading anything.
They don’t care about you. They like watching the arrow go boop.
You see the issue here isn’t that I’m ignorant. It’s that you have such a hatred for Americans that you refuse to believe widely accepted facts: &gt; The Space Race was a 20th-century competition between two Cold War rivals, the Soviet Union (USSR) and the United States (US), to achieve firsts in spaceflight capability. [Source: Wikipedia](https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Space_Race) &gt; With no official measure of success, the winner of the Space Race is a point of controversy. Most historians agree that the space race ended on 20 July 1969 when Neil Armstrong stepped onto the Moon for the first time. As the climax of space history and exploration, the lunar landing led to a triumph for the US. [Source: Royal Museums Greenwich](https://www.rmg.co.uk/discover/explore/space-race-timeline) I get it. You are trying so hard to prove me wrong because of your perception of my fellow citizens. But you are wrong. So laughably wrong.
I know logic is on your side here, but the problem is these people are illogical. It’s all about Red, because Blue is literally evil incarnate. I’m from a small city in Texas. I’m a member of my towns message board, I’m going to quote you verbatim a post rationalizing the old man who was knocked down by police. This is a 100% factual and serious statement made, in its entirety: &gt; I'd like to ask a question here without setting off any disputes. Perhaps differences of opinion without animosity. The charging of two RIOT police officers in Buffalo for shoving a 75 year old to the ground..you know the rest, I assume. The gov. of NY and most of my FB acquaintances have spoken out against the police. &gt;Here is my issue: Those of us from a military or law enforcement background, and who have had some training in riot control have a certain SOP. If you are on the move as a body, you don't allow your line to be broken. If you look at the clip from an Anti-police viewpoint, you see an old, White man being shoved. If you look at it from the POV of a riot control person, you see someone who, probably unintentionally, but in the spirit of the moment, is doing what could get him really hurt. &gt;Is there anyone who sees that the police in this case were acting upon TRAINING and PROCEDURE rather than just being brutal? And here are some of the responses: &gt;Why the old man confronted them was very stupid &gt; If the protesters are going to treat all cops as racist then all protesters should be treated like rioters. Thats fair and the protesters say they want fairness so give it to them &gt; The police didn’t intentionally push him to the ground. ..he didn’t intentionally fall and hit his head.....it was an unfortunate accident. &gt; Most people think they’re experts when it comes to law enforcement and military policy and procedures. I worked 12 years in corrections and rule number 1 is never break the line we don’t care if you are young or old, black, hispanic or white. If you’re in our way be prepared for the consequences. &gt; They were clearing the way. The old man had no reason to approach them. He got a little push and lost his footing. Unfortunately he was hurt, but had he just stayed back he wouldn't have been in the position for injury. I could go on and on, but the point here is obvious. Their beliefs are malleable and can be twisted however they like so long as the Red guy “wins”.
My honest opinion is....well, ok. Most Americans won’t really care or think about this at all. This seems like it’s designed to get a reaction out of people, and the only ones that will react are the “low hanging fruit” types that overreact to everything.
What if I want the turkey to dominate me?
Gee I wonder what Jesus, the champion of the persecuted and discriminated, would have to say about those being persecuted and discriminated against. &gt;I came to worship Jesus for God’s sake!!! Also, it’s probably best not to take the Lord’s name in vain when claiming you are trying to worship him.
Well yeah. They’re made with Senzu Beans
They literally could have said “Honor. Duty. Honor. Duty.” over and over and I would have gotten the same from them.
This comment brought to you by the Clear Pee Pee Gang.
According to the band’s wiki and their biographers it was representational of their fans at large even though directly addressing him. It serves for both.
I assure you teens of every decade gravitate towards this band.
You’re being remarkably obtuse here considering that immediately before your quote the following is written: &gt; Cobain's lyrics address the people outside the underground music scene that began showing up at Nirvana shows after the release of the group's debut album Bleach. Nirvana biographer Michael Azerrad wrote, "But remarkably, [the song's lyrics] translated even better to the mass popularity the band enjoyed." Regarding the song's chorus, Azerrad commented, "The brilliant irony is that the tune is so catchy that millions of people actually do sing along to it."[11] Both of these things are true and are not mutually exclusive.
There is absolutely nothing wrong with them.
You are clearly the foremost expert on Nirvana. I would recommend that you immediately begin a biography so that you can correct all the experts whom you’ve said are wrong. Best of luck to you.
If you loved him so much you would have made a post. I bet you’re an Alex McGough sympathizer, aren’t you?
For me it’s a toss up between this and The Internet. When Douglas does that random jump up while fighting I just lose my shit.
My girlfriend is Thai and while not dominant, we would never work if we didn’t respect how each other wants to live our own lives. The last thing she’ll settle for is someone that tries to tell her what to do.
Your opinion is bad and you should feel bad.
Do you really not understand that this whole situation absolutely guarantees none of that era will ever be played again?
If you really loved him you would have made two posts. I think you just enjoy having him as a member of this team, and nothing more.
Notice now how a member of the drama queen’s pack comes to their aid when sensing the fragile ego being threatened. This pack mentality is a crucial step to maintaining the the homogeneity of the echo chamber.
Fucking hell bro you’re playing semantics and looking like a fool. His number, your number, it doesn’t matter. That’s a lot of weight to carry and stabilize. His point is valid regardless of which number you choose.
The hamsters are working overtime on this logic train.
My girlfriend has told me she never felt free in Thailand and couldn’t wait to leave. Not that there aren’t worse countries, but that was her experience living there for 25+ years.
Kenpo is one of those workouts that only works if you work it. You can see how hard they work in the video, they’re pushing themselves hard. Their punches and kicks are with intensity and if you’re able to do the same you’ll get your heart rate up and get a solid workout in. That said, if for whatever reason you just don’t have that oomph to get it done then switching workouts is ok, but make sure it’s similar. Kenpo is kind of like an active rest day. It’s easy on your body but still burns calories. It’s in there specifically because your body doesn’t need too much intensity at that point in the week. So as others have said, the MMX would be a good alternative but, again, just make sure you’re pushing yourself as hard as you can.
Also, DW throwing negative INTs would be a good indicator the trade worked.
One time in my 10th grade French class the teacher was positive there was some sort of gas leak and had us all leave the classroom and do class in the cafeteria that morning. That was the day I learned my farts were beyond the control of mortal men.
Another great way to approach this is to avoid machines. What you want to do is train all those little stabilizer muscles you’ve been neglecting. Compound exercises and synergistic exercises will help you in this regard. The thing you want to avoid is overtraining one muscle group while neglecting its compliment (e.g. working biceps but not triceps or quads but not hamstrings). There are innumerable numbers of great programs you can use. I personally like to work from home and like programs like p90x because it’s a wholistic approach that works every muscle group as well as things like yoga. This is just my preference, though, and you can easily do all these things in a gym rather than at home. I would just recommend you stick with free weights in general before thinking about isolating muscle groups.
Well to be fair being stopped is driving a lot slower than normal.
Well yeah...just go to your preferred porn site and search “[Favorite Pornstar] vs”. You get a whole other level of porn my man.
Lol that has nothing to do with micro transactions.
The issue is that you’re erroneously attributing an apps cost to Apple, when it is determined by the app creator. The article you linked says quite clearly that not only do apple users spend more time on their phones, they also have considerably higher salaries and are willing to spend more on apps than android users who are more price-conscious. Likewise, the conclusion of the article states that the gap is narrowing and both platforms are becoming more equal in terms of app costs.
Why do you say they got burned? I’m willing to bet they got what they wanted, and it’s only people who want to see her nudes for free that are angry.
I’m excuse me but it’s spelled blink-182 That is an important distinction.
The Night King never showed himself to be anything other than an opportunist. It was a fitting end for the character. He was built up by fans to be something far more sinister than he really was.
You only believe this was Jon’s entire storyline if you were on your phone during every episode in the series.
I mean I guess people who have incorrect assumptions about the Game of Thrones plot lines and get grumpy when corrected don’t like me much. Sure.
&gt; He was built up by fans showrunners/writers/~~entire fucking series~~ only four seasons of the entire series, for a grand total of 10 episodes.
Presenting you with facts =/= toxic. Jon’s storyline is simple, as you describe: The alleged bastard son of Ned Stark who was truly the heir to the kingdom. That’s it. That’s just story. Like you said, super simple, and in the books the Night King doesn’t even exist which just furthers the point that he is completely separate from Jon.
Same.
Did he, though?
*laughs in lefty who double taps to upvote comments*
Nah you were fishing to see if you could belittle the guy for doing something wrong and try to devalue the condolences OP received. That’s universally considered a dick move.
He can’t even get any. The Bachelor is hoarding it all.
Affect is also a noun.
Nothing you’ve said changes the fact that this wasn’t framed as good news.
Yes. Now hush. Nobody cares if you’ve seen it already.
Wrong Edit: I defy anyone downvoting me to prove that Hodor’s sacrifice was inconsequential with an actual reason, and not “hurr durr I didn’t like the ending.” That moment was essential to the plot.
If I’m incorrect then you should easily be able to prove to me that moment didn’t have any bearing on the ending.
Right.
Beach Body On Demand was an absolute godsend for me. Such great variety, a cheap enough price for my budget (much cheaper than my local gym) and I already had most the equipment I need. Some days I’m feeling unmotivated but I can toss up a 30 minute ass-kicking workout. Others I want to really push it, and there are 1.5 workouts that fit my bill. The gym only really works for me anymore if I want to do serious deadlifting or something with extreme weights (which I never do). So glad I found an alternative. I know you will too!
Holy self-righteousness Batman.
Guy B: Big PP Guy A: Small PP
Game of Thrones There are so many immature morons out there that are so legitimately angry at how a fucking tv show ended that they constantly, to this day, wish ill will on the showrunners and flagrantly disrespected Sophie Turner for saying quite literally the same things Kit Harrington did. One of them is bound to comment to try and discredit me, but all one has to do is lurk in the sub I won’t name and see just how vitriolic it is.
Once thing is for certain, I did not expect that mummy to look like a Cenobite.
Lol has he even been to Texas before?
OP you clearly didn’t grow up with Cinemax if you think that’s what soft core porn is.
[I’d Rather Just Confess To The Murder](https://youtu.be/h2ra7ixXM10?t=355)
Women just know. They call it big pp energy. They talk about it in secret girl groups. All the guys that have big pp energy they talk about. They never talk about you or me.
Prophecy, told from left to right: When? NOW How? Snu-Snu
[link](https://youtu.be/Q5ybPnY1Ehc)
That’s ok. I feel bad that none of you grew up with actual soft core porn. Life must have been terrible.
[They’re not just doing it for money. ](https://youtu.be/aGWRAa5uTUQ)
Absolutely. Form episode 1 South Park has always been about social commentary. It took a while to break free of the typical 80s/90s catchphrase era, but once it did it moved into a whole new space.
Florida here as well. I thought I was used to the heat (especially coming from another super hot state), and then I met my girlfriend who is Thai and pretty much gets cold anytime it’s under 80 degrees. The house at night is not fun haha.
No no I’m speaking of AeJon Starkgaryen. He lives.
People who are not angry don’t write long-winded diatribes belittling others for their creative choices.
&gt;Or if you wanna bow to fear maybe don’t act like you got big balls? &gt; I’m not emotionally invested in this at all lol I’m just chillin doin my thing. If statement 2 is true then statement 1 doesn’t exist.
You’re literally expressing how emotionally invested you are in this with every response. You should really make up your mind here.
You sure have been on the toilet a while. Might want to see a doctor about that.
Sure you aren’t.
I’ve always felt like Katie just makes sex moans the whole workout to get Tony’s attention.
Your first two points entirely ignore the fact that I said if everyone is wearing masks this is how it works. I would suggest that if your 3rd point is based on actual experience you take the time to invest in a mask that you can wear long-term. It’s pretty reckless to just keep doing what you’re claiming without taking the simple. steps to remedy it. While you may have training in this area your training directly contradicts that of medical experts’ advice. It is perfectly acceptable for you to place your own life at risk, but to put others at risk is not ok.
Yes it was. The most impressive part is those were LBs and Safeties, not just corners he was bowling over.
Couldn’t go deep? The very first Texans game I saw in person was a Schaub-to-AJ 80 yard bomb on the first play of the game. Not saying Matt was known for that, but he definitely could do it.
[Not Fuckin Brian Dennehy](https://youtu.be/vQnLiYxA3xc)
A woman saying she likes hiking in her dating bio is sometimes a low-key way of saying “men who are in shape”. Maybe not the case with the ones you matched with, but if you want someone in shape then you just put interests in your bio that will attract those that are. Not the best strategy for long-term partnership, but it works short term.
Not trying to boast here or anything, but I’m someone who has an above average girth (I’m average length tbh). For the longest time when using condoms I would have a red ring around the base of my penis after sex, and I assumed this was normal. After looking around I came to learn that the larger sized condoms are for this specific purpose. Since I’ve switched to them things are snug but not uncomfortably tight like they used to be. There is absolutely a difference between the two types of condoms. It’s not just a selling point.
The Internet is better, but only barely. I’ll die on this hill.
How can one instance of taking a life be murder and the other not? It makes no logical sense. Either both instances have killed a child or neither have.
The issue here is, again, your premise entirely discounts humor that doesn’t involve topical/situational ideas. Humor isn’t limited to making jokes about people, and the jokes that don’t aren’t limited to “elementary school” or puns.
Do you legitimately think that the only jokes that exist are ones created by stand up comedians?
Where would you suggest placing a camera to record this moment that the two of them would like to remember forever?
Do you legitimately believe that if someone tries to make a moment in their life momentous and special that it is doomed to fail? What a bleak way to look at life. Your wife must feel so wonderfully special knowing she wasn’t even worth you taking the effort to get on a knee and ask her to marry you. I feel really sorry for her.
&gt; I have a feeling that you made a big show of your proposal and your marriage failed. That’s why you’re upset. Swing and a miss buddy. You tried so hard to look cool. You even thought you upset me, and yet here you are whining and threatening to block because you can’t handle your world view being challenged.
Thank you for this. I’ve always wanted to know what the mating call of 1 billion Owen Wilsons sounds like. I finally have my answer.
Of course the German dude wouldn’t get the joke.
It becomes quite possible if you imagine an old, fat expat living in impoverished areas of Asia who spend all of their disposable income on prostitutes.
Double plot twist: it’s actually Avatar 2
Just so you know I’m not clicking that link.
I nominate the Squirtle Squad.
Vanilla Ice was legit popular in the 90s my dude.
I delivered flowers as a teenager. The number of entitled people getting flowers is too high. Like damn lady I’m just handing you a vase.
Quivering member
The middle part there? That’s where you put the T-Rex...and ONLY the T-Rex. Unless you’re a girl then you can put the pterodactyl. That’s ok.
Nothing about this is an “issue”. Apple takes its time to develop things instead of rushing them to market. If android did a better job of marketing these things then Apple wouldn’t have the perception of the feature being innovative. That’s an Android problem, not Apple.
Clearly you have a small penis that is a “shower” and you’re angry about it. I’m sorry you have to live with being so uncomfortable with it you lash out at others. I hope one day you can come to terms with it and find peace.
Internationally used does not mean the site creators are making rules with international users in mind.
I always felt like they had more of a Showbiz Pizza vibe. Those animatronics were downright terrifying.
Again, show me where reddit is specifically taking in to consideration the majority of the world. Just because international users exist does not mean that the site creates rules specifically with them in mind. You’re really grasping as straws here.
Usually means rich or “upper crust” where I’m from also.
People need a reason to be outraged.
An elegant meme for a more civilized age.
I’m all ears as to what you think the majority actually is.
