Fish latina really nice to meet ya.
I don't think the disconnect was \*\*that\*\* bad, but yeah.
Honestly, wouldn't they have given Yvie more wins if they were trying to make her the winner? There were a few times where she could totally have won a challenge but didn't? I really felt like they were giving better winner edits to the three others.
I really feel like practically any season 11 queen could return for an All Stars season and I wouldn't be pressed at all (Kakuna would be the only one I wouldn't see return), Shuga chief among them.
Unpaid intern, werk!
Chaos energy
Jynx's right there though. &amp;#x200B; (It's a joke)
I can see them bringing back Mercedes because of the Opulence meme, I mean they brought back the Jush.
Wait, wait "You're insane" is reasoning?
I want more Vanjie, but not on AS5, I'm thinking AS6, where she'll be Laganja's runner up!
The water bottle. &amp;#x200B; Get it?
Soju would literally get into an AS season purely because of the power of the cyst, or if she really somehow becomes so big post-show.
Meow, meow serving face! &amp;#x200B; (Is that how it goes?)
I still feel like Super Queen was the weakest, with Monet narrowly saving it.
GIRL SERVES EYEBROWS FOR DAYS
Like it stole her bike.
The best scene in the whole movie, I'm still gagged.
Who eats just one soft noodle?
Manila Luzon coaxes the North into independence, where she will sit as Queen of the Pineapple.
Mama this is garbage.
Brooke Lynn?
My mother decided to watch Game of Thrones...and started at season 8. &amp;#x200B; Ugh, I hope I was adopted.
Anna ou?
Alex play # ChaCha Life by Serena ChaCha feat Dj Ivan G
Peppermint will forever be in my top 5. &amp;#x200B; She fucking murdered Cucu and for that, I'll always love her.
Poor Kookoona
BITCH THIS IS A SHOOOOOOT
Sitcom when?
Brooke is the butch.
Erm, yes actually this makes absolutely sense, all of it.
Bianca, played a loud version of herself and didn't win. &amp;#x200B; Five years later, Silky played a regular volume version of herself and won! &amp;#x200B; WAKE UP SHEEPLE!
Barthelloh-no-she-betta-don't
FF in general has great female characters. &amp;#x200B; Yuna, Lightning, Terra, Celes, Rosa(I know she's a damsel in distress for a part of the game, but sis was the best to have in your party), Rydia, Freya, Garnet, Rikku, Lulu, Fran, \*\*Ashe\*\*, Rinoa, Questis, Selphie, Tifa, Vanille, Fang, Y'shtola, Minfilia, Yda/Lyse, Kan-e-Senna, Merlwyb, yassssss!
OMG I LIVE FOR THESE COMMENTS.
Gurl WERK.
Ward is a snack.
\*The thot plickens\*
I mean it's only hinted at that Loras and Renly were flaming homos. In the books I mean.
The Tyrell women knew how to play the game, it's a shame though cause the game served no purpose when you think about it.
THIS IS ART MAWMA
Daernerys and Margaery(pre season 6) really were the looks queens, Cersei's a contender, mind you.
Well, it's over.
Also, maybe Vivienne isn't the leading authority in such a subject.
The White Walkers could be removed from the whole series and it wouldn't have much of an impact, definitely not with the endgame.
Flawless
Is it me or was this season so lukewarm?
Even the Ashley O episode had no real intellectual concept to it and no real twist ending.
I feel like the kidnapping episode didn't feel like a Black Mirror episode. As for Ashley O, the lack of intelligence or twist at the ending made it a non-starter for me.
, her passing.
The Body is literally the best 42 minutes of television ever, fight me.
I cry literally every time I watch it.
Did you not see Bebe on AS3?
To me it seems obvious(somewhat) that his resurrection is the same process that resurrected Beric Dondarrion, both resurrections administered by Red Priests.
That's the gag I guess, yeah.
Okay, so there is a volume 2 planned? I guess I should have simply googled it. Than kyou!
I had no idea that was what's up! Thanks!
Is Brienne a kid/teen in the books?
After Winds and perhaps A Dream of Spring? :(
I always assumed the pregnancy was faked so that she could get Jaime/Euron to do what she wanted, so that wouldn't kill that.
&gt;Danaerys doesn't understand statecraft or social structures. BuT sHe WaNtS tO bReAk ThE wHeEl!!!1!!
I mean, even Grey Worm had a better story. &amp;#x200B; \#sorryaboutit
Loki was a woman for a bit, like during Dark Reign at the very least! :D
I don't see Xavin as a complicated case actually! &amp;#x200B; As she mentions in Runaways, gender to a skrull is like clothing. Just something you wear. She presents as female most often because she's in love with Karolina and Karolina is a beautiful rainbow lesbian.
I want Monica as Spectrum, thank you!
The world ain't ready for that high quality shit.
Post-Axis Sabretooth feels like AoA Sabretooth.
How did Cyclops return following his death?
From what I saw, it really feels like each character his own or her own path?
In reality, I would have been Pro-Reg, but the way the Pro-Reg side went full villain, of course you'd be insane to want to actually be on \*\*their\*\* side.
Daimon is badass!
Avengers vs X-men was again another example of shit storytelling where, it's two superhero teams fighting, and both sides could be kind of right, but then you have the Phoenix Five putting the Avengers in nightmare prisons, and you have Namor destroying Wakanda, so of course the X-men are then in the wrong.
I just want more Jahaerys and Alysanne please.
I could totally see some lord being "Ugh, my son seems to have an interest in men, I should have him sword as a Kingsguard."
\*\*YES BITCH\*\*
Preach.
Poor Plastique, the only actual drag queen.
Yup, it was acted, totes fake I feel like.
I mean, I like my drag queens to look like drag queens!
Remember when they tried to make "Talon" happen?
Tom Cruise is tiny I hear.
Aegon was introduced so late in the game, and doesn't even appear in the series, I have trouble believing he'll be important to the endgame.
Hmmmmmmm, I'll allow it. Thank you. (Though in this timeline, Jon being the son of Rhegar and Lyanna still kinda seems pointless...your opinion?)
If we use the mantra "Every hole is a goal" that makes you a hole hunty, chin up, you're fierce.
I mean, this whole season was disappointing so I wouldn't be surprised if it was a mistake. There I said it.
is that blac chyna yo
Nobody died at Stonewall
Articuno she betta don't!
Ashley Too was the toy that yeah had an AI. Ashley O was the actual iconic pop star.
I Kissed a Girl is literally just about a straight girl experimenting, nothing to do with the LGBT, I sometimes see people saying it's a bisexual anthem...like in what universe?
Excuse you?
Do you need to talk sis?
SECURITY
So not a gay anthem though?
(I kinda feel like Sansa is better at reading than Daenerys though, but I'll allow this joke cause it's so gay and it's so right)
Emma Frost is LITERALLY my favorite Marvel character, TOOT!
What's great was that they all looked like there was no reveal riggory.
Nah she already knew she wasn't winning by then.
And the horribly slow paced version of Super Queen, what was that?
I kinda get what you mean.
I think what the person is trying to say is "average"
Sis, do you even remember how they tried to shoe-horn her into X-men Origins: Wolverine? THE HOMOPHOBIA. Emma Frost and Scott Summers are like my favorite Marvel couple.
The moment she did that runway reveal hunty!
None of these characters are important to the endgame, whatever that endgame was..
And Mystique was kinda OVER developed, I know you haven't seen Dark Phoenix, but gurl is literally the mutant messiah.
Gag. I would live.
The year ain't done!
In hindsight do we still put Bianca in a hall-of-fame when it comes to Snatch Game?
My favorite Kennedy moment, and gurl has had a shit ton.
My favorite!
Ugh, Jesus, gross.
Ew who would even do Marie-Mai, ugh Jesus, gross. &amp;#x200B; (Criquette Rockwell, eeehhh neeyyyyy, I would die)
&gt;Top Model Canada I fucking loved Top Model Canada
Shuga for All Stars.
NBFTMHFAG?!
I don't see it as Cat being bad at reading people. No one would ever guess Walder Frey would stoop so damn low.
That's the thing about Robb, he's one of the best battlefield commanders/strategists, but daddy don't know how to play politics.
Melisandre burning Shireen at the stake without Stannis knowing, now that would be the gag of the season.
Or that she just walked it off.
I wish we had seen this look on the runway with a sick reveal.
&gt;BenDeLaChrist’s ascension into Drag Heave Ugh, your mind, toot.
SHAAAAAAAAAADE
I mean, you should never listen to the radio. You should just make your own spotify playlist and BAM.
Gurl, find the note, find the note.
Yeah what she did was like: OkayyyyyyYyYyyyy.
You know, I thought this was pretty unflattering, but it's not too bad, you're right.
I'm gagged we haven't seen that yet.
POP THE CORN
Andromeda died so that Anthem could die harder!
Time out, hold up. Hold up, sweetheart. Let's get it together before you wanna read. I don't have an elephant, sweetheart. Everything that I've had, I've worked for, and I worked for to get and I've built myself. So you need to know that 100%. I don't have an elephant, I've never had an elephant. If I wanted an elephant, yes, I probably can go out and get one, because I AM WHAT? THE QUEEN ON THE IRON THRONE. You could never have an elphant because you are NOT THAT KIND OF GIRL. Baby, everything I've had I worked for, and I've gotten myself. I built myself from the ground up, FUCKING BITCH!
I'm of the opinion that if track record counts AT THE VERY END, then do not have a lipsync AT THE VERY END. Because what's the point of having a lipsync, if the winner of the lipsync doesn't count for anything because it's the track record that counts? Honestly! Like, Monet not only destroyed Trinity in the final lipsync, but she destroyed her that whole episode. &amp;#x200B; (This is my opinion of course, mind you. Have you tried the chicken? I thought it was lovely)
I've been playing Witcher 3 for the first time, and that is how you do quests for an RPG, that's what I want to see, hunties.
I sacrificed my Hawke as well, knowing that she'd be more likely to survive. &amp;#x200B; Ugh, when she told me to say goodbye to Fenris or whatevs... HARD.
Especially not Hawke.
Henny, I'd take it as a compliment, being good at throwing shade is what the gays aspire to.
ART MAWMA
Yeah, with the Shangie and Bendela verses, no one else really stood a chance. Even Chichi who was ON POINT couldn't.
Monet though
Other than Cracker, who did Bob touch that got 5th place?
Jessica Fox isn’t a person.
I’m into it 👌🏻👌🏻👌🏻
Fuck I love pecs... this is making me miss my ex, wompwomp
Dunny because we’re kinda meditating on getting back together and should have a verdict tomorrow... I know I want to get back with him, so just waiting on him really... are you from the future telling me I shouldn’t get back with him?
HOLY SHIT, BAHAHAHAH
But it's called a redemption, how can you redeem some of your most appreciated looks?(In Manilla's case) or looks that people love(Valentina).
The way I was feeling it was that, there are no Jedi anymore, instead, Rey would be creating the "Skywalker Order".
I know there's Luke Ward and Tomas Friedel/Zack Hood/Tomm Black/whatever name he has this week as part of the scene, I recognize those two.
Nah on the left is Tomas Friedel/Tomm Black/Thomas Ride/Zack Hood/Whatever other name.
&gt;the Darienne read about sitting reverse cowgirl on the toilet so she had a flat surface to eat off of always kills me Darienne literally fed her the line.
I don't get it.
Told the bitch this was a Wendy's, ma'am. Honestly, I called the landowner who showed up, took all her wet clothes, threw it in a garbage bag and kicked her out. It was a seedier part of town, you know how it goes.
Darwin 😍😍😍
Samara is always the better choice between her and Morinth lol!
The nurse is “D Arclyte” weird name I know!
EVERY NEW CONTENT THAT SHOWS SOME PEPPERMINT PROVES HOW AMAZING AND ANGELIC SHE IS.
Your username is so glorious, love a good pun! Also you are so handsome! Werk!
And Moira Mactaggert 🙃
Yennefer or GTFO
Does she know who Mariah Carey is?
FIERCE
Naomi and Miss Fame would be in the top for sure as well!
Such a sad pregnancy, I wonder how the baby is doing nowadays...
The bringing back queens in season 3 and 4 was so weird. They just brought back the super-fishy queens instead of the entertaining ones. &amp;#x200B; No shade.
I feel like Alyssa Summers deserved a comeback before Carmen. GAG
&gt;Am I alone in not finding him even slightly appealing? I mean, tastes vary. &amp;#x200B; I find him quite attractive.
Chef’s kiss: Muwah
Okay so now we allow superheroes up in here? I’m all for it.
God have mercy. Handsome!
Wise.
Oh, so you’re a pokemon professor now?!
Ma’am this is a Wendy’s
I thought it was Vinegar Strokes. &amp;#x200B; And I oop
Armond Rizzo wishes he was that SNATCHED.
CAUSE IF IT AIN'T GREEN.
And the T-shirt is not wearing him!
This is fucking wrong... I’m watching Unbelievable on Netflix.
Schoolgirl found scalped Stoned nude illusion found hung Blue flight attendant found drowned
This place is definitely missing some serious Aquaria.
I mean he’s straight or bisexual as he’s shown having a distinct interest in women.
Witcher 3 has a tragic gay relationship at some point, kinda of super secondary, but yeah that’s the game not even the books.
Holy shit Thor is real!!! 🤤🤤🤤
(I’m just glad Rogue, Spider-woman, Scarlet Witch made the list)
&gt;I wonder if any other drag racer can top what Manila did in that Justice League porn. Alaska, Bianca and Farrah Moan had all bits in mendotcom porns!
Adam Ramzi, Peter Le are two pornstars I'm pretty sure were there, yes.
Mariah wins, y'all can go home
Them three strings Bath and Body Works candles, I could kill for their expensive asses.
Can you imagine I thought of Bioware at some point would have been my answer?
Holy shit you could do porn
KOTOR, Mass Effect, Dragon Age, Baldur’s Gate, the fucking story of these games 👌🏻👌🏻👌🏻
The ending still very much is bad, I’d have to agree with anyone that say that, but everything before that was amazing, even the multiplayer was SICK
The ending itself was bad storytelling. Introducing a game changing element post-climax, during the falling action was stupid. And for a game that prided itself on player choices, the ending came down to three buttons, with no relation to all the decisions you had taken throughout the games.
I humanely handsome
I’m still recovering from your Superman costume pics 😇
&gt;Matthew Wilkas Muscles and a hairy chest? Yesssss
Has to be at some point during the first season
8-way. &amp;#x200B; Everyone except Serena
There needs to be more lady villains. There I said it.
Black Cat **has** been a villain at times, or at the very least, an antagonist. Post-Superior when she exacted her revenge on Spidey is one instance.
K as in Knut
Michelle Visayge.
Emma Frost is LITERALLY my favorite fictional character.
LOVED THAT. Karma is so fierce, definition of underrated! The fact that she’s not in the New Mutants movie... pure homophobia(hyperbole).
Bitch is that Carrie Fisher??
BE THE CHANGE YOU WANNA SEE IN THE WORLD
I’ll be your Mary Jane. I’m a dude and not a red head, but ya know
Seriously adult Aang is obvious hot AF, he eats super healthy, intense workouts, powerful, a kid at heart, gentle, protective, always smiling, he’s husband material the house down.
Anal! Did I win the Q&amp;A portion?
Spinning Out looks so weird, I only saw a recap by Trixie and Katya and shit looked gruesome for an ice skating show
That’s a follow for me, dawg
Shannel is so underrated
EA FOUND IN A DITCH, SCALPED
Trixie said she loves doing cons!
Is this the season 8 of Game of Thrones we were supposed to get?
Could Mighty Love be one? I was sure it was going to be the season 11 Rumix.
Ma'am, this is a KFC.
She said Alaska didn't have much else to show.
You’re not wrong sis, my bad.
And then: Lil Richard, Michael Jackson, Paul Lynd, Trump... all praised.
Seriously...wow.
I think about this guy often. &amp;#x200B; Like he literally rinsed his mouth with mouthwash, preparing to blow someone, so that rich kids could get bottle water.
I'm sorry but do you know this sub? You can't just hate Thorgy, what the fuck.
AND TO THE RUNWAY!
Can you even stan Drag Race if you don't stan Pep?
She'll be playing silent movie star Madame LaHush.
AS4 was Fridays.
I love the idea of stomping the runway like she's ready to battle, with the juxtaposition of wearing a caftan, literally the most chill piece of GARMANT.
Why did you have a spoon at Drag Con, it can be used as a weapon. Wow fail on security.
You know how people drink only socially? Like they only drink at parties or when they're with people. &amp;#x200B; I only eat carbs socially. I've actually lost 30 lbs since last March. &amp;#x200B; I drink myself to filth though.
I FUCKING LOVE ASIA
At the time, following Decimation, there were less than 200 KNOWN mutants, the sentinels were actually there to "protect" mutants as they were on the edge of extinction, quite fun when you compare it to the mage/templar storyline :3
ME2 is literally my favorite game ever...Maybe. &amp;#x200B; The way it has these short missions, a party that you need to gain their loyalty, AND THAT SUICIDE MISSION?! &amp;#x200B; Uhglauhgdluisahguidlahdilga
How is this not in the Louvres?
Ma’am this is a Wendy’s
I would die if CDPR would touch ATLA
What country wtf?
Guess I have a new favorite!
I mean you look designed in a lab specifically with my tastes in a man in mind! 🤣 Insane! Hahaha
If you’re an ATLA fan, not watching Legend of Korra is a disservice to yourself! DO IT Seasons 3 and 4 to me are straight up as good and at times better than the original, though I love both ATLA and LOK equally, for different reasons.
The story is about the following Avatar, it’s to be expected that Aang would have died?
Sixway lipsync.., of course it is, why wouldn’t it be?
THIS.
I do Unlimited so always six months late but Marauders is the book I am most excited about! That line up? Auntie Emma is my favorite fictional character EVER. I just wish it was “new” Pyro for his romance with Bobby...
I miss LoK or anythin ATLA
Aquaria was the Thorgy of season 10 and there is no greater compliment.
Chad
I don’t see it
Bitch even won the challenge that episode. &amp;#x200B; I don't think one episode has been so dedicated to one queen in all the history of the show.
Bitch is fierce.
I just knew someone was going to make a joke about this.
Soooooooo that’s like the face of someone who would be a huge Hollywood star.
So Jujubee?
FASHION
That's Dua Libia, people get them often confused.
Ugh, your mind
Until the Fire Nation attacked.
I love the concept this is so perfect.
I can’t see anyone win but Shea Coulée mawma
Reminds me of AS2, it was Alaska’s. This is Shea’s... where my Shea flair at?!
Cracker to me is going to go to the final episode with Shea and Juju... who rounds out the top 4? Alexis Mateo? Blair?
Is this what they call poetry?
I Jaida "Chiiiiiiiiiile"
Let's be honest, the real cultural reset was R U W U, since then there's been these remixes at the finale every season.
😍
Won’t change anything 😞
&gt;remember there was Sentinel squad one which was a force to protect mutants during the 198 "Protect" Some saw it as humanity just pointing a gun at the last remnants of mutanthood and waiting for a chance to pull the trigger. The sentinel squad sent by the O.N.E wasn't some kumbaya let's hold hands moment of racial peace.
Socialist facial hair party when?
I mean she seems like more of a support "I'm the nerd that takes care of everything technological in the background" character right now, a bit like the X-Club back in the San Francisco/Utopia era. Though, I know they had several moments of pure spotlight at times, so we can always hope and pray!
Admittedly I kinda dig you without the facial hair... how you doin’?
This ain't the Hobbit movies.
I'm hoping the second wave will be more in September. &amp;#x200B; I'm thinking aliens?
I mean... there’ll probably be at least one city left.
He’s so perfect, uuuugh
You’re gorgeous by the way, 🤓
Wouldn’t she be replaced by another same type of woman, they need a Hasselback
It’s fashion *burp*
Sooo much better! Who’s the model?
It’s the worst, and yeah any search for an image will summon up a sea of Pinterest images, bleh
Mass Effect is a trilogy with your characters and decisions carrying through the three games. YOU HAVE TO START WITH THE FIRST GAME. Please note its gameplay is a bit messy, it gets really better in the sequels.
You’re technically part of the same species, you’re a god too!
Twitch streaming is so insane to me. &amp;#x200B; People watch other people playing video games...instead of playing the video games themselves? &amp;#x200B; I'll admit I watch Critical Role, who's about voice actors playing D&amp;D on Twitch, so I guess I could go out and play D&amp;D, self-burn.
Though I get what you're saying, I don't really feel like they're equal? Videogames you can literally do low key on your couch. I don't know man.
During the subreddit's blackout the other day, someone posted up Bebe's Banjo music video. While watching it, I slowly realized that she is just so ICONIC, pure iconicity. She can literally look at you and you'd feel the need to bow.
That barber... my gay god
Came here to post this, I flood my basement, bitch!
And a half!
Rahanna... talk about a transformation. Post makeover she really was serving boss bitch realness and I was so here for her.
You know, people rediscovering their smiles is just... so touching, it’s the second time(I think) the fab 5 have helped people’s teeth, and each time it’s so emotional! I’ll never take my smile for granted ever again!
So iconic winner of season 10 recycled it. EYE CON IQUE
Peppermint win, okay girl!
I really thought it was important and unique to have a financial advisor there. Even in tough times, with planning and diligence you can do shit yo.
I think they were there to help with her anxiety? Also they want to put a spotlight on the climate change issue!
Did you... hear what she said after that? Corporations are the problem mawma
You deserve to eat carrots sis!!! Soon I hope!!
You Britta sissy that protest!
OMG having Bebe back on our screens? It would water the crops mawma.
This season's twist I feel is incredibly good. &amp;#x200B; Listen this is All Stars, you gotta prove how BETTER you are than you were before, you gotta prove you are fucking FIERCE. Fighting against lipsync legends? That's how you prove you're an All Stars.
She was here to lipsync assassin the song, nothing else. I think it fits with the theme. Our focus needs to be more on the ten girls.
I was a bit let down by the variety show, but I thought it was a fun episode so I’ll allow it.
You can always tell who's the winner usually because they show more than two of their jokes, so I knew Juju and Blair were winning, but I just wish they showed ALL of Juju's jokes, like I just want her to go down the line and destroy every bitch.
The twist is the only spoiler I allowed myself (because I remember spoilers affected my watching, so I stepped out, I have a general idea of who's in the final episode but I'm not even sure if the spoilers changed since I first took a look, so I have no expectations, which is always the best), and I'll admit at the time, the twist seemed way too complicated. But seeing it live, it's fucking great.
I love Alexis, but was she top material in this episode? I just didn't see it. &amp;#x200B; I would have put Juju, Mariah and India.
And Cracker vs Kameron Michaels, ooooh.
Mayhem literally spit her drink and I got my fucking life.
Precisely the one I was thinking about, I love your mind, sis.
I mean S9 is totally THAT BITCH too, let's be honest, that top 4 is pure pure pure pure pure CUNT.
I have the same desk! I think I got it from Jysk!
... have you never been to a drag show? Sis
I’m such a thirsty bitch. That hero’s body and Antoni playing with a lightsaber did things to meeeee
That may have been too much of a change for the hero.
The first episode of the first season said it. The first Queer Eye fought for tolerance, now they’re fighting for acceptance, that means normalization, we are here, we are normal, we are here mawma, yes!
I loved her so much. Her life is so hard, how can she be so fun and cheery? I need to work on myself biiitch.
Karamo’s path thing was the first time I didn’t feel a tiny measure of cringe with his inspirational moments. I still have PTSD from the mirror writing 🤣🤣🤣
That father/daughter conversation: CHILLS
You rambled as much as a passionate redditor should! No worries. You’re actually totally right now that I think about it. Watching season 11 I was like “practically all these bitches could be AS material” but now after the POWER that 12 had... 11 queens pale in comparison a bit. Honestly all Vanjie needs is acting/comedy lessons and I think she could be an AS finalist. This Shangela from season 3 to AS 3.
I love a good controversial opinion. This ain’t it beloved.
He studied to be a social worker.
Bebe’s just royalty
I feel like they absolutely did. She was brought back probably in part because she's the bitch that got lifted, and in part because there could be drama with Derrick.
Yvie DEFINITELY won. The CUNT move was that India kept up, and so made us all stans.
Three ICONIQUE queens is all I see.
Mayhem thought Derrick was done with the India shade, so, like a lady, takes a sip...Mawma was not prepared for round two.
Wait wasn't that the \*pause to let you google\* ? We literally just saw it on Secret Celebrity Drag Race during the roast. Even if it was filmed first on AS5, it's not the best reading joke of the episode.
Reading back is one of my favorite things, when it's done well, which this was the case.
I don’t get it
Literally why I'd never romance Triss in Witcher 3, it's pretty icky.
huh
It sparks joy
You should play the KOTOR games, they are fantastico.
Yeah like I imagined the Bobby renovating my crummy little apartment... but like I wanna move put in a year so it’d be pretty mean to get all of that for just a year.
She could say that after seeing Jiggly.
Obsessed with the green looks and the twin-braids looks, SEEEEEERVE, bring it to the runway biiitch
Daddy Barry serving cakes left and right, the bakery is open mawma
Uuuuugh I wish we could have known more about Leslie Wexner/Jeffrey Epstein, what happened there...
And he was so chill with JVN just TWERKING. He seems not only gorgeous but real chill.
&gt;I truly do not understand why homophobes are so fixated on gay sex. Yeah homophobes, if you like talking about gay sex so much, why don't you marry it?
Yep, the way the ~~stitching~~ seams(is the word I was going for) of your shirt hits your shoulders is a tip/lesson I've kept from What Not to Wear as well!
...has an animal ever been nominated?
And knocked prone on his ASS.
Why y'all disrespecting Bulbasaur?! (I was totally a Squirtle, Totodile, Torchic, Piplup, Tepig, I did not play the games after that, but I'd probably go Firefox, GrassOwl and Firebunny)
Gloom's polish remover though, sis.
I’m obsessed with this
WTF it’s the girl in Good Girls!!! Edit: Totally missed the show name damn
I haven’t Yet
Coco
Asking the real question.
It's cute you think Bebe wasn't prepared. Ms Zahara Benet was fucking READY TO DO SO. She went to the finale and acting like a queen throughout. We stan Bebe.
There possibly was a scream, yes.
1. Meat please 2. Yeah fuck their mom. 3. I love Asia and I'd probably FREEZE if I met her in a Meet &amp; Greet and be unable to make any coherent thoughts, we're all living in her world, so like...please be in my picture.
Bitch you took me there. &amp;#x200B; Her name's Susan or something.
&gt;Outtv Thank god! I was afraid because Crave snatched it that it wouldn't be on OutTV mawma, god is good and she's a drag queen named Asia O'hara.
Wait when is it starting?!
"Ewww no one wants to see that naked." -Melania Trump, january 2021
I mean, the sheer mention of Jaida should warrant two upvotes, mawma.
Touch this skin, touch all this skin
Identify feels like a “must-have”
Not a fan of the beergirl, but fucking Valkyrie, on my panel? FUCK YES SIS
DOT COM
No one gets it.
Subtle ways? Lies
I did not feel that Runway save for mawma Shea
I can't be the only one that thinks Alyssa did NOT go all in?
&gt; I haven't watched season one, ew why not
Mawma Shea was really awesome during this lipsync, come on.
India should have been all "I'm the bitch that was lifted by Mimi Imfurst, keep me."
I'm not here for it, sis. She WON that final episode, I would have been okay with a Monet solo win just for that last whole episode. &amp;#x200B; \-Not to discredit Trinity
Gaaaaaag
As a superhero slut, I'm happy Shea's team went for the superhero men theme, but yeah, choosing Justin Timberlake...meh
But it's okay cause it's Alyssa
Is being an unbothered bitch her brand? Because, I'd be forced to stan, but I don't like her, so I don't want to stan.
I know of one of her songs, like it was on my playlist at some point, bleh.
I'm waiting for the lovable. &amp;#x200B; I feel like she'll be "Nobody understands me and my insecurities and it comes off as being egotistical and difficult, I'm a victim."
She's this young bitch who I believe has the same agent as Bieber or something? She was relatively big on Youtube, had a song or two that had some promise, I believe now she is big on TikTok(I hate that app). I also believe she can't sing live and is a friend of the good old autotune, hence why Ru is probably fond of her?
I mean we all thought Alyssa turned it usually, and look at her now. Regardless of who they summon, the producers will tell them to go all in or not.
If Alyssa was a true business woman, this is how I'd sell it. You want me to win? Pay me X amount of money. You want me to lose? Pay me X+Y+Z, I'm Alyssa Edwards, bitch, if I need to lose, you better pay up, bitch. Tongue pop, yes gawd death drop.
My god demands I vote cleric, sowwy.
That somehow makes me nauseous.
Am I the only one that Shea just skewed everything for? Like, I chose her for the best team and the new school questions specifically because she's mind choice for a win and she DESTROYED this episode, the moment her name was somewhere she got my vote. &amp;#x200B; Also, if Shea hadn't SHEA'd that challenge Mariah would have been my top toot, ugh, she was just PERFECT.
I didn't go to school for fucking math.
They should have done two separate songs like they usually do this early. Nine queens all in one song was so weird and awkward to me.
Mariah...filler... production's lack of taste JUMPED OUT.
Showing up to a funeral in red is usually a fuck you move. It's a sign of disrespect, so it was a pretty CUNTY move had she shown up to Lady Bunny's funeral decked in red. It's kind of a trope for a mistress to show up in red, as an example, so it made sense for Farrah to show up in red.
Mariah's talking heads are the best, love the bitch.
Mariah would have been my choice. &amp;#x200B; Had Shea not been RIGHT THERE.
I was also OBSESSED with her face, my good gay gods.
Daddy Jankee will FLIP when he hears she's not top 3.
Shea...with her Wakanda play on words, uuugh I love the bitch, she definitely won. &amp;#x200B; Blaire was so awkward. It's not just the choice of lyrics that makes you win(her lyrics were really good, I'll admit). She just wasn't serving fierce on the stage, and her runway missed the mark.
&gt; but it was pretty bland Woah woah woah.
I mean, your post just confirms that she threw it. &amp;#x200B; Do you remember Alyssa vs Coco? &amp;#x200B; Alyssa was not at the level of that lipsync, or any lipsync she did in the past. &amp;#x200B; Admittedly mama Edwards didn't have a dancing wig on I feel.
Yara Sofia and Tammie Brown for AS6 Nina Flowers and Shannel for AS7 Pandora Boxx and Shannel for AS8
I cri evertiem
A double crowning? I don't see that ever happening sis, sorry.
I'll be honest: Shea/Juju/Mariah is like my dream top 3, with Alexis rounding up the top 4. Cracker can be top 5...again.
And she seems to be distancing herself from Broadway and serving more fishy look queen, sooooo
The only person I'd allow to win other than Shea, is Juju. &amp;#x200B; There I said it. &amp;#x200B; (Deep down I want Juju to get eliminated at the final episode cause that's her thing, but you know, I'm a messy bitch)
If she deserves the crown at the end of the season, she deserves the crown and I'll be thrilled to see her wear it. But Shea.
I’d choose Aang in a heartbeat! Airbenders are like one of my favorite fantasy cultures ever!!!
But how can I players know my world is gritty if they are not victims of rape, making the situation just so awkward?!? /s, the most violent of /s’
I try to force situations where they must snuff out their chosen pets. /s
She also had to make a constitution check, mawma got a natural 1.
The producers knew though that Shea and the group voted Ongina.
AS6 is Asia's win.
Alyssa was Fairy type gym leader.
OBSESSED
I prefer your version.
The 41 people who voted for Alyssa to win the lipsync... &amp;#x200B; Choices
Go back to the woodwork where you belong!
You can say hot. Cause I do. He's hot.
46
Lady Bunny is Appa, bitch.
Serving Shiva realness.
Dorian Pavus from Dragon Age Inquisition, aka the sassy gay mage who everyone's favorite character, dear.
&amp;#x200B; GOOD NIGHT
Nicky’s wig line though
I didn’t go to school for fucking math
By far my favorite appearance wise of the Pit Crew members, and like Bruno, Bryce and Jason are \*\*RIGHT THERE\*\* so that speaks volumes.
Please welcome to the stage: Miss Ogyny
I was obsessed with the shimmy train, yasss
Then how can the person I replied to miss it?
Daddy
The judging this week... yikes... Btw, Juju, the words, you gotta know ‘em
I was sure this was going to be a Blair win actually
C U N T is what it is
India had a win
Michelle has a big respect for the ballroom AND Mariah, Mariah should have been the returning queen in season 3 over Ms Carrera
He’s hottt
I lowkey thought this was going to be a Blair win.
Why not? The plan was for the winner to lose regardless.
1. Romance and "sex"(at least fade to black, please) is fine in DND, but why do these DMs just not get a clue that not everyone is into it? Holy shit. 2. You bringing up that your asexual shouldn't bring disappointment from your "friends", they're obviously not good people.
&gt; can't stand people who think sexuality is &gt; &gt;politics &gt; &gt; and that LGBT is somehow a flavor. Exactly what I wanted to say but didn't know how to precisely word it. I know what I'm gonna say is this buzz word that most people hate but, it stinks of privilege. It's people who obviously have the "default" straight privilege and aren't able to wrap their heads around someone having a different orientation. It speaks of a lack of empathy and openmindedness and instantly a a hell-naaaah bitch.
&gt;Yes, because when a male player plays a female character, it means he's inviting all his fellow players to engage in softcore erotic roleplay. Talk about a problematic mindset, please stay away from the type of person who thinks this would be okay. &amp;#x200B; You hit the nail on the head.
Amen. Not cute.
You know. &amp;#x200B; No one should be tolerant of the non-tolerant.
Bebe
Are you my mom?
Miss Fe Fe O’hara
Life \*\*is\*\* fair !
Ocean floor
What is 6IX9INE? Second time I see a reference to it.
This year is the first time I hear of it. &amp;#x200B; Admittedly I'm Canadian though.
&gt;A lot of people feel like porn can’t be judged with the same type of social responsibility as other forms of expression, they might call it kink shaming. I mean, just the whole "incest" porn industry is a proof of this. In real life, sex between siblings, or parents(step or not) and their children is a fucking NO, but in porn it's somehow allowed, and there's so much of it that it's clearly actually popular.
This isn't a season of runway queens I feel, sadly. &amp;#x200B; (Except for Shea and sometimes Blair, I know Cracker CAN bring it, but she has yet to BRING it)
Why the damsel gotta be in distress?!?
I mean, you can’t deny he was WAY too into Jessica, and was a bit too much. I never would have imagined all this though.
It does prove something. You can be goblin-looking and end up sleeping with arguably Hollywood’s most beautiful MILF.
He can be my golden boy
Peppermint’s confused
Wat
Wow. Like I've read all those words before, but I've genuinely never seen them used in that order before in a sentence, that's crazy! I see you Ariana Grande, rain on me bitch!
Can I ask something that I've always been too shy to ask? &amp;#x200B; Why is charisma the go to for so many spellcasters? You have sorcerer and warlock(which I get) and even here for the cantrip, it says to use charisma? &amp;#x200B; Is there something that links charisma to magic that I don't get?
FINE, I'll follow your reddit account, SHEESH
Hm, thank you for your insight?
The only reason I used the term "arguably" was because it was followed by "by most beautiful" and like superlatives can rub the people the wrong way, I didn't want someone to come out and say "BUT HALLE BERRY IS A HOTTER MILF" or whatever.
DAAAAAMN
Wait, so it's bad to have standards? It's bad to not limit my choice of partners strictly with their dick size? Mawma.
F4NTASTIC FOUR &amp;#x200B; Edit: And I'm like a super loyal, obsessed Marvelite.
I mean, after Cumfarts 2 they were really just reusing the plots.
Yeah, you kinda do it in your bathroom before the guy shows up. Then when your man(the top) knocks on the door, you open the door, announce your ass is ready and get to it \*\*NOW\*\*, we'll talk about your six months in Iraq after.
I remember in House of Cards, maybe the first episode or second, the girl actually wipes herself down with kleenexes and my mind was blown that that was actually shown.
I wasn’t being too serious
FIERCE
She dumped everything in Intelligence but forgot to put some into Wisdom?
Or a rough 36
Love me some Pepe
Thank you! I kinda stopped hanging around here, or at least reading comments because of people referring to Hector as a simp, wrongly so.
Hector is the one that’ll get some sort of redemption arc, Lenore’s fate is sealed, she’ll die as part of Hector’s revenge storyline, MARK MY WORDS
I don't even like regular Snatch Game anymore.
SHE'S A GODDAMN BRAND
I have PTSD of Dahlia Sin's Watcha Packin, when she kept saying that Dahlia needs to take the broccoli to the bank or whatever, followed by cameos every fucking episodes, that's a no for me.
Sure!
Well if this means there's a Lalaparuza episode I am HAPPY
I mean, they could choose 13+ queens, quarantine them and everyone on set two weeks, then film, then everyone is quarantined for two weeks? &amp;#x200B; I mean the Witcher is back to filming, and that has sex scenes and all kinds of distanciation breaking scenes.
I could see AS6 being the AS2 of season 12, yes!
Come through optimism! I'm loving the positivity!
Saturdays will be wild 'round these parts.
And for the people into males, Legend of Korra had some pretty sweet options. And adult Bolin would probably be the best though, or Korra’s dad 👌🏻👌🏻👌🏻
GLAMOUR
He’s my favorite too, finally we get to see Airbenders without being an avatar, pure airbenders, uuugh I love him and his family. His wife is also an unsung hero.
Which is most excellent, All Stars should be like the Winter Olympics, every 4 years
You know, I wouldn’t want to kinkshame nobody, but vore is one thing I just do not understand.
SHAME!
Well that's a wallpaper for my cellphone yo
Flexibility I’m joking
It seems to effortless for her!
It’s a conspiracy I tell ya!
Fuck you. I love this.
Why did I think it was Phoebe from Friends?
Fuuuck I wanna know what was said
It has Bebe Zahara Benet, Thorgy, Jujubee and Alexis Michelle, how fucking fiiiiierce
What does Instagram numbers bring to the conversation?
Was abusive and grooming a 15 year old fan girl, it's a pretty long story.
Probably the moment I hated the most in 2019
Whitney doesn't care about nobody's rules.
Do we not like Writing's on the Wall?
Woops! Thanks for the assist! Though I had heard about them being non-binary, I had completely forgot about their preference in pronouns!
Tanning beds? From what I heard around these parts, he’s up to his old self and hasn’t changed much, so don’t expect him to have stopped tanning. My on and off boyfriend does it during the winter... it boggles my mind.
He always does that, it’s so weird
The flavour is PERFECT
Has a drag queen being impersonated ever won? I just wanna know
Who would she have replaced?
I genuinely can't accept a different top 4 for AS3, sadly. Kennedy, Bebe, Shangela and Trixie's verses in Kitty Girl were all fucking SNATCHED. I would allow a top 5 with Aja added to the roster though.
Can you imagine believing Bebe was underwhelming? I just can’t
