I refuse to pay any additional money for NES and SNES games. They should add the library to the membership. I already bought every title from these systems I would want to play, in most cases 2, 3, or even 4 times. I wont pay anymore additional fees.
Yeah I said current hammer is more boring than old hammer.
So for those of you that don't know, this looks to be a Neon Genesis Evangelion inspired event. Neon Genesis Evangelion is getting a western rerelease on Netflix on June 21st, so it looks like this event will kind of line of with that which is nicely done. I think I've seen that several of the artists/devs are fans of the classic anime, so they likely are aware of this.
I think Johanna may actually be the best tank now. Anub, Jo, and ETC are certainly competitive. I never said Anub was bad. He's still very good.
Yeah
Guys someone leaked to me that both Miyamoto *and* Doug Bowser are going to be at E3.
I thought it was pretty bad. Very slow going, everything launching far away, very little gameplay. The games were good though.
I mean yeah they said that was the reason around Rag's launch. They didnt want to lock themselves out of the other elemental lords in the future. Though at this point I agree that they arent happening most likely.
Make a post with actual impressions.
Idk if they will to the same degree. 360 games will be pretty old at that point.
Problem is that it affects performance.
This is really overdramatic. I would definitely like more info but let's not pretend Halo dies if they don't give us anything until E3 2020 (most likely scenerio)
There is no Halo 2 Anniversary
It's illegal even in the US.
I mean I dont see why you would defend this. It's a anticonsumer and blatantly illegal. Look I "defended" the Borderlands 3 situation because honestly that game was announced as an Epic exclusive from the get go (and only for 6 months). Dont like it, dont buy it but the publisher certainly had the right to go that route. But this is on a completely different level.
I like Doom and Halo but Doom guy is surely more bland than Master Chief. I mean he doesnt even talk. Chied could be even cooler if they also have Cortana in his suit talking in game.
Because I figured it is unlikely because she is in soul calibur already. Also I dont really like or want 9S.
Yes GROOSE. He got screwed over in Hyrule Warriors so now it's time for him to be loose.
Star Fox Zero. Most complaints are about the controls but I ended up enjoying the game close to as much as 64.
To the surprise of no one lol
Ah so it's like a title? I dont care about Dragon Quest at all but if Smash actually calls all 4? alts "The Hero" in game I'm going to be disappointed. Edit: either way I'd be wary of any leaker that said Erdrick as the character itself isnt called Erdrick here, so they could just be copying off one another.
I don't like Sora and don't really want him to be added. &amp;#x200B; &amp;#x200B; But I don't have to worry because he will never make it in anyway, especially since The Hero is already a Square character.
Well I thought they would go with Luminary for the base over just "Hero"
Back air looks like Marth/Lucina also
Microsoft could *afford* to (it still wouldn't be easy), but I doubt Xbox Gaming Division could buy Nintendo. Nintendo is still worth tens of billions.
H2A uses dynamic res on the X because it is unable to hit 4k 60 most of the time. Running them at 4k probably is still pretty intensive.
To be fair, MS is the only third party represented by only 1 character besides Namco who helped develop the game. I wonder if the last two reps will be Namco and Microsoft.
Vergeben's E3 leaks were scary accurate. There were also a few things on there he said were coming but maybe not at E3 and sure enough they didnt show up. If he keeps talking about Minecraft content then I wouldn't be surprised if it was true. I don't think it will be Steve though.
I dont understand why people think a Mario spin off will get character representation.
A last minute melee clone from before Nintendo was doing third parties (who also has never gotten a stage).
Their mistake was announcing Infinite last year. This is the same issue Microsoft always has and it really prevents them from having a nice condensed hype cycle. Interest will wane from the general public in a month at most because the game is so far off and they wont show gameplay. It's the way it is with most games these days.
I'm not a big fan of either of these two franchises honestly but I'm still way more hyped for Banjo and Kazooie. Dragon Quest has always looked extremely generic to me, especially the main protagonists. Dragon Quest itself has really never been popular in the US. Now I personally care more about how characters in Smash play because all of my favorites are in after Ridley and Bayonetta. So I was watching the trailer quite intently to get hyped about the moveset. Honestly, I thought it looked underwhelming because I saw lots of moves just reused from other sword characters, like Link's dash attack and shield and Lucina's back air. Hopefully the specials are fun to play around with but it was really hard to tell from the trailer. They also really didnt give us a good look at the stage. Overall I think that's why many people are underwhelmed. I can imagine that it's quite annoying for Dragon Quest fans to see most people just arent excited though.
I still think they should spice up baseball with like some conveyor belts and things in the outfield.
Looks like the whole game performs poorly. Cant say I'm surprised.
If gen 1 isnt complete it will be even more pathetic since Let's Go has them all
Uh no. Nintendo probably heard the feedback. That's why it will be an update.
Yep its much better than a solo only queue
What even is this post? My friends and I (masters) run main tank ETC very often. It's totally doable. &amp;#x200B; Johanna is one of the best tanks in the game right now. &amp;#x200B; Garrosh is a viable main tank as well, they certainly didn't make him a bruiser. No one runs him as bruiser because his damage isn't good enough. Stitches is still a viable main tank but you need to play around him. &amp;#x200B; Overall I agree we need more tanks but let's not pretend the main tanks we have are dysfunctional. The only ones that need help are Mal'ganis and (debatable) Blaze.
Not sure why people are confused by this comment honestly. Highest resolution in handheld for witcher 3 will be 540p, not 720p like others seem to think.
Sorry if my comment was worded poorly. I meant I want them to start season 1 because I dont think they will do any rewards for when preseason ends. So that's why I'd like them to start season 1. If preseason is another 2 months and season 1 is 4 months then that's basically the end of the year for the 1st season of 2019 to end. That's kinda disconcerting, at least to me.
It wasnt really invisible, it was lighter and very "ally blue." That meant that enemies would often think it was an allied effect and react to it much slower.
Well the E doesnt really matter honestly but I do find the ult and Q concerning.
Lower cost of $600 less is a very big reason. Honestly I'd be surprised if they made that move on PC. First off I dont think they would repeat that mistake and that a walled garden on PC just won't work. But more importantly I just dont think they really even care about the PC space so much anymore.
I guess I should have worded it differently. I'm pretty sure Rosalina *can* cover all 3 options here had he stayed on stage instead of jumping off for the follow up dair. You're right though that there is somewhat of a risk here. I thought we were just talking about the ledge trap itself.
I wanted to shed some light on this talent since I have recently seen a lot of comments about how The Damned Return is a must pick level 20 and how Shifting Malice and Might of the Scourge are bad choices. I have pulled off things similar to this in ranked (masters) matches, including dashing through enemies to secure kills and dashing away to buy an extra second for a combo.
I've seen it and thought the interaction was lame as hell. I dont think it makes sense for Li Ming to be able to joke heroics using a frame perfect bug inherent to teleports. It's not like you could ever rely on doing this anyway, since the variability of ping and distance between the two heroes make pulling this off consistently impossible, really leaving it up to luck even for skilled Li Ming players. I also dont think balance should be discussed in the context of a bug like this. This interaction didnt even change the Ming Anub match up anyway. Li Ming needs some looking at as a hero imo because I dont think she brings enough to the table. She can poke and snowball a fight but in even or losing situations she can be useless.
Halo 5 has more players than MCC. Not sure why you had trouble getting a game. I can get one in less than a minute, but I am in North America. I think Halo is less popular in Europe in general.
People usually do do it once if you time it so that they *think* they can finish the channel, meaning you get two interrupts at least. &amp;#x200B; I have also taken it with entomb or mosh.
A lot of people in the US dont have data caps. I didnt realize they still existed until I started using reddit
Has the college board ever considered that the tests they produced could be of different difficulty?
Trample is actually bad though because it's on a hero with massive range, doesnt really function well as an escape because of Azmodan's big hit box, and cant even be used when channeling laser afaik. Shifting Malice is very good because of the damage it deals and the fact that it gets instantly reset if you get a takedown. Kel'Thuzad's range isnt great, so being able to reposition quickly is quite good. I regularly take it over the shade, especially when I am facing heroes with high mobility and when facing squishy targets who I know will die if I dive them and dont miss my combo.
1. You make the good weapons difficult to get. Like actual combat challenges. Therefore a highly skilled played could theoretically get these weapons early, but if they are that good the game will be easy for them anyway. Say if a Lionel dropped a good weapon, you could try getting it with your lame boko club but good luck. 2. You only make the weapons that can be remade with materials anyway indestructible. Remaking them is basically just a filler fetch quest anyway, so I don't understand why it was like this in the first place. At least then the player gets to keep their medium power weapon of their choice at all times, but still keeps the ultra powerful weapons as rare rewards you want to search for that can still break.
It's not lost revenue at all because they lose money on console sales and iirc so does Sony. The money comes from software and services.
But there is no rule, you just decided that's the rule. The fact is that Master Chief and Halo have appeared on Nintendo consoles though the Halo pack in Minecraft.
I'd argue Samus is the most serious character in Smash, and honestly Metroid is a very serious franchise, possibly even more serious than Halo. I can't remember any humor in Metroid at all really. It's usually just Samus alone killing aliens.
I really dont think Sora will get in. I dont see Square Enix having 3 of their characters in Smash when Microsoft and Bandai Namco only have 1. I also think it would be really weird to have SE basically profit from 2/5ths of the pass.
Rare chose what projects to pursue under Microsoft. They did a few cool games like a Conker, Banjo Nuts and Bolts, Perfect Dark Zero, Viva Pinata, etc and then decided to make Kinect games. Recently they made Sea of Thieves and are still working on it as a live game. Iirc Microsoft said Rare had the freedom to do what they want, it's just that it's a very different studio now.
Kel'Thuzad. added
That is the point. Originally it was a bug but when they fixed it the community decided it was better to have him skip it lol.
What map was this on?
Man you really should not have combined these two things into one post. Yes Kel'Thuzad should get a skin, that would be nice. Definitely no to buffs though. Kel'Thuzad is pretty good imo. The way he is designed makes it so that he can never be the best early mage pick since he can be countered pretty hard. But he really doesnt need to be that and is still very strong when not counterpicked (which seems to be pretty common).
Any idea why his wr is so high atm? I find it quite strange how heavily his win rate fluctuates from week to week. Last week or the week before he was sitting below Jaina iirc. Maybe its because of his quite low play rate (it's only around 9% usually, keep in mind about half of his popularity is from bans).
They will do another Wario Ware this or next year. I wish they would make another Wario Land game though, I never really loved Wario Ware much.
I couldn't even read it on the TV since I sit pretty far away.
Through streaming yes, that's what they are going for.
I have both consoles and imo the Xbox One controller is so much better than the dual shock and it's not even close. I always use a One controller on PC also, never a dual shock. I laughed at E3 when they bragged about how many engineering hours they put into the One controller and how they talked it up to be so much better than the 360 controller (my old favorite), but I have to say they were correct.
This remake isnt out yet
He should have flaired it cosplay imo. It is a cosplay :).
OP says the graphical quality is an impressive technical feat. Article says the game running on Switch is an impressive technical feat (which it is, I'm shocked it runs at all). These are quite different statements.
I definitely disagree. I picked up DOOM on Switch to see just how well it compares to other platforms. While the port is impressive, I cant say it doesnt affect playability. The game becomes very difficult to play at higher difficulties due to the lower framerate. It also drops frames extremely often, doesnt run smoothly at all OP. Overall I gave it a chance, mostly because of this sub, and it was worse than I expected. Nice that it exists, doesnt run well though and playability/pacing is definitely affected at times.
I disagree. Pokemon sticks to the exact same thing every time and its boring. Mario doesnt stick to the same formula every game at all (much to people's dismay). Each 3D Mario especially is quite distinctive and always has people complaining it isnt a sequel to the previous.
Nothing. People are nostalgic in a weird way about Luigi's mansion because they found it spooky when they were kids. Regardless of camera distance, LM wasnt ever scary. Its better for gameplay to have the camera zoomed out since the rooms are so large.
Same here. I find it pointless, wasteful, and inefficient. I relax by playing a game or reading a book instead. Quite sad that you are getting downvoted though. Reddit is pretty much a cesspool if you say anything slightly anti-drug.
People complained Li Ming had a microphone in her sheathing animation, and it got removed. :/
We should have gotten mecha Chen instead of mecha Valla.
I feel like they could just put the CEA maps with their rules under the Reach banner.
What sorts of things/feedback are you looking for or expecting to get from flighting? Everything looks really great so far so I'm curious what kinds of instabilities you are expecting.
Yeah they are already on another project... the next Mario Party. Like 99% sure this is the case. Mario Party used to be pretty much yearly or every other year. They arent burning their existing base because that base largely is children that dont care. Do I think this is pro consumer? No. Is that the most likely scenario? Yes.
Yeah a lot of people were, and they were all stupid. Dont count on post-launch content. It's a bad practice and sets consumers up for anti-consumer BS.
Nintendo knows that it's more profitable to have NDCube make another Mario Party instead. Camelot wasn't going to produce another Mario Tennis for Switch since they probably will do another project. MP also seems to have shorter dev cycles normally.
I mean that's just straight up more unlikely and overly convoluted. It's like a conspiracy theory, not really based on anything but cant really be disproven since even if Nintendo says that isnt the case you can still say they are lying.
Well because it straight up doesn't make sense. Look, it is very likely the negative press from Nintendo confirming that you couldn't play online with friends reached more people as it proliferated over the months than the quiet confirmation during a Treehouse event that they decided to add it. &amp;#x200B; If they were planning to add it anyway, they would have just said that originally since they could have hurt their own sales with their previous statement. &amp;#x200B; GameFreak is just garbage and has always been.
Download play is a good idea but simply not feasible on Switch. Game sizes are too large to be stored in RAM meaning the game would have to be installed on an SD card or internal storage. The process would take forever and would have to be repeated each time. The better solution here is to create a companion app for each game that is available on the eshop. A few games have done this already actually. However, you still run into the issue of having to download that entire package before playing and have it saved on your Switch. It also means you need wifi and would have had to download it in advance since it would take a long time.
There was no music for download players, I assume to decrease the amount of data that had to be transferred.
I feel they were disliked because the Halo 5 story was bad and not what people expected rather than because they were just horrible though. I actually liked Locke quite a bit. I thought I'd hate him, but I really didnt.
I dont think you realize just how many more fps games come out now. Competition is much higher, especially in the console market (in the past a lot of shooters were stuck on PC, but PC gaming is bigger than ever now too). But not only that, there are more *online games* in general now as well, and all online games compete with each other to an extend. Genres like battle royale, MOBAS, hero shooters are all massively popular now. Despite all of that and Halo 5's campaign being bad, it still wasnt "unable to succeed" since it still sold well considering the state of the Xbox One at the time of its release (and even today).
I think it's not only about completing the national dex though. I never completed it. But when I used to play Pokemon I used to transfer my Empoleon to every new game since it was my favorite. I think it's kind of dumb some people wont be able to transfer the pokemon they want in. It's not about the dex, it's about those pokemon not being present at all on the cart. I think this has finally got people seriously questioning GameFreak's competence for once as well, because as far as we can tell, the game doesnt run well and still seems to use the very nice models that were created for the pokemon on 3DS. I mean dynamax is really just a way to add another cheap gimmick without even having to do any design work since it's just the pokemon but bigger. The whole thing feels lazy. Let's Go was lazy in many ways too but people tried to give them a pass since it was a small project and the first on the new system. But this is their mainline title.
Often bots go around downvoting every post on certain subs. It's not a person that instantly makes every post -5.
I didnt like it enough to finish it. Felt too bland and slow. I was expecting to rage quit but honestly I didnt even find it that hard. Bosses took a lot of hits to kill, very spongy, not very fun. Map system is bad too.
I think Super Metroid is pretty overrated. Samus just doesn't control very well in that game and that environmental guidance people always talk about doesnt really exist.
Fenix is a great pick for solo carry in bronze imo because he has good waveclear, a teleport, and can solo camps. This means he can out macro opponents while still being a great hero in fights. Never go into objectives alone. Dying is usually one if the worst things in this game because missing one person is a massive disadvantage. Soak as much as you can before 10 and dont forget about soaking after 10 either because it's still pretty important unless your team is shredding theirs and taking structures. Take camps right before objective comes up. Always arrive at objectives on full health and mana. If your team is going to lose the objective dont go back in 3 v 5, just soak. Keep track of big enemy abilities that are threatening to you.
Because we had a partial reset just last season and it was an absolute mess. Gold, Diamond, Masters, and GMs all in plat depending on placements. It's why I started this season with a win rate greater than 70% in diamond. So many horrible players ended up there through sheer luck but now they have fallen or stopped playing. Things have mostly normalized there. People were a bit hostile because so many players come here complaining about being "stuck" in bronze where its really impossible to be stuck if you are actually good. I mean look at OP coming back from a 2 year hiatus, placing in bronze, and having over a 60% wr, nearly 70%. If you have over a 50% wr and play a lot you will climb. Dont worry about the other people on your team, just focus on yourself and catch your mistakes to keep your sanity.
I cared about the 3D. Never understood why people dislike it. I love 3D media in general and I'm kind of upset the Switch doesnt support it at all.
Do you have any plans for Whitemane? I personally feel she is in a pretty good spot, maybe on the weaker side, but she tends to rely on her W talent at 4 a lot. Just curious if she is being looked at. I think she is easily the most fun support to play in the game right now and I love managing her mana. Maybe if she got some healing baseline from her abilities without zeal she would spend less mana and benefit her aggressive playstyle.
Idk I thought the idea for the Sony Xperia Play was really good and would totally buy a modern version of it. A phone with a slide out controller supported by Sony games? Sign me up.
People will buy a $1 mobile game, at least they used to. But they wont buy a $10 mobile game. That was a stupid price point that Nintendo thought would work because "it's Mario."
Unfortunately I've found HeroesProfile overall stats to be wildly inaccurate because it seems like they dont have enough data.
No, Call of the Nexus rules enforced proper comps with tank and healer on both sides.
You can never come back on BHB if the enemy team plays correctly (which pretty much never happens in QM so people who complain about BHB being snowbally likely got themselves into that by playing the map wrong). If one team gets a talent lead they can take most of the mercs on the map, denying the other team coins. At this point they turn in or push a structure. and the enemy team must either fight down talent tiers or let something go and soak. As soon as one team gets all 3 forts and a talent advantage, it is pretty much impossible to get camps or soak properly, meaning you basically have no way to win unless the enemy team takes a fight, which they never should.
They did fix it years ago but then changed it back since he sounded drunk and people all said it was better and seemed intended.
We dont know that for sure and there is no way to really prove that.
Really nothing. In game SL seems to function very well. Idk maybe it's more problematic at low ranks but most people seem happy in SL, until you go to Reddit and a vocal minority screams about it every day.
? Blaze really isnt popular even in masters. I dont think hes a bad hero but Bunker really isnt extremely strong ever since they added a channel time. It's not about good or bad players. Good players will actively try to stop you from getting in the bunker or will focus it down very quick. Combustion seems to function as a good tool to scare teams off of your backline with its solid damage, large slow, and massive range.
It is insane, unless you get interrupted and die. I had a match before where I sustained ridiculous damage using this.
What do you think of the E talent at 7? I feel like it is the best one personally. It reduces a lot of damage.
[[Chen/7]] doesnt have any damage talents. I'm saying that I like taking the E talent with the damage build, or rather I like taking it always. I personally dont see much benefit to BMB anymore because it is too difficult to get the amount of brew you want when you want it.
I initially agreed with this OP, but after playing a few matches I got used to it. Honestly, I think it is just fine. I was a Chen player previously so initially it threw me way off but imo it works really well since you can weave in two eye of the tiger aas, w, then extend flame duration with more aa. &amp;#x200B; I think you should give it a bit more time. I know a lot of people also felt Yrel and Imperius and even Leoric at his release were clunky but I quite like that feel.
Eh its had one delay. I'm pretty sure it will come out, but it will likely be a long time. I dont think Nintendo has any intention of letting Metroid die, and they know they dont really have any other fps games.
No it isn't. I love Metroid Prime and Halo. The original Halo trilogy has one of the best singleplayer campaigns in the fps genre and was critically acclaimed, just like Metroid Prime. Obviously they go for very different styles, but Metroid's singleplayer isnt "far and away much better than Halo's." In fact, Halo was able to have amazing singleplayer and multiplayer for the first 3 games, while Metroid Prime only really did singleplayer and had half-baked multiplayer modes.
Yeah that could be really interesting. I'd like to see a somewhat slow paced multiplayer mode (in terms of time to kill) with a big focus on dynamic maps. Have lots of hazards and traps. Let us shoot doors to temporarily disable them, break cover, shoot debris off the ceiling and have it fall, destroy bridges over lava, etc. Could be very fun and interesting.
Mega evolutions required actual work. Just making the pokemon big does not. Of course Game Freak does the second one if they can get away with it.
Ok normally I get annoyed when people complain about icons which are usually pretty fine but that is probably the worst icon I have ever seen. As someone who never even played Hellblade, I would never know what that icon was even for.
You cannot get to 50 brew without using kick (and you cant at all if you take the kick talent at 4). But the bigger deal is that if you are disengaging and want the movement speed, you cant get it. You can use W twice over 1.5 seconds but even then it's not enough if you were at full brew.
I'd imagine it would require a lot of work.
I agree that we should be able to access post game stats and that the description of certain older abilities are lacking (Strafe specifically is a good example). But I think starting out the post talking about ranges was possible a mistake since people might not read the whole post. I really dont think the ability tooltips need to have the ranges of the ability and especially not the width of the shot. While they are nice, adding them to every ability would probably be a nightmare and, let's be honest, never really matters because you see the range and width in game. What would knowing the radius of Impaling Blades really help you with when playing Kerrigan? Nothing. Also you kind of can figure out range units in game. Clicking on your hero will indicate the range of their AA. Valla for example, iirc, has the default ranged AA of 5.5 units. So Strafe will be slightly less than double her AA range.
I'd rather play Haunted Mines 3 times than Warhead or BHB once.
It was pretty obvious it was sarcastic, but your entire premise was stupid and wrong. Metroid can have a multiplayer mode.
An array to store what? A bunch of dots? Each Dot source? One dot for each auto? Who's dot counts as the killing blow? What if a Lunara applies another dot and the stagger invulnerability ends, then who's dot counts? Who's is shielded by Chen's drinking, the first, last? It really isn't so simple at all.
Yeah. Just put broken talents there. &amp;#x200B; Chromie: Can have 10 echos at once. Echos deal 100% extra damage. &amp;#x200B; Jaina: Trait roots. &amp;#x200B; Kel'Thuzad: All abilities now have global range. &amp;#x200B; Stitches: Increase max hp by 200%. &amp;#x200B; Leoric: If drain hope channels for its full duration, the hero affected dies. &amp;#x200B; Chen: Auto-attacks now sleep heroes for 3 seconds.
They arent supporting windows 8 or 8.1 interestingly enough.
Idk what you are referring to. &amp;#x200B; [https://www.metacritic.com/browse/games/score/metascore/all/all/filtered](https://www.metacritic.com/browse/games/score/metascore/all/all/filtered) &amp;#x200B; Halo CE and Metroid Prime have the same score on this list and are both very highly regarded. Halo CE didn't even have online multiplayer, most of the game was campaign. It was added in Halo 2. &amp;#x200B; &amp;#x200B; Halo 2 and Halo 3 are both higher on this than MP 2 and 3 btw.
No it isnt. The enemy team still gets xp when he dies as far as I can tell because experience is awarded for enemy hero deaths no matter what. Experience from hero deaths doesnt require proximity like minions.
I really don't think it matters and the ardent "anti-dub" anime mindset kinda bothers me. If you want to enjoy something in your native language, watch the dub. If you like to read subs, do that
A surprise to be sure
I have a request mods. Remove the thing that deletes any comment that has four point zero in it. I wasted a ton of words once from that stupid thing and it could easily turn people off this sub because its completely ridiculous. If you must do something, consider having an automatic comment bot reply clarifying that *it* is actually called 3.0 + 1.0.
I think people like the main cast more than the dub itself, at least I do. At the beginning the dub is quite bad. But by the end I thought the main cast were doing a great job of making these characters real and fit their roles well. I also think the cast that returned did a great job in the rebuild films, which to me indicates they are still good choices. Most of the side characters in the original series were pretty bad though honestly. Basically I wanted Netflix to redub but to use the cast being used in the rebuilds and maybe bringing Amanda back as Rei. It's going to be very odd having a different core cast for the rerelease and the new film.
I know theres quite a vocal minority that complains about some random hero being "unfair and unfun" every month but I personally really feel that pretty much everything in HotS has a lot of counterplay, and I think you guys did a great job with it. I think some amount of counter play always has to come from the team rather than the individual and that kind of bothers people. But it also wouldnt be very interesting as a game if you could counter play every thing yourself.
Most of what you said here is incorrect though. I'm a masters player btw. Spike shouldn't guarantee a kill since you can juke using terrain or use a defensive ability, but most of the time my spike target will get saved by a support with a cleanse or even a simple heal. Uther alone basically counters every KTZ combo with his armor, so just pick him. Medivh, Morales, and Zarya also save pretty much every target. Chains are dodge able pretty easily as long as you dont move in a straight line. They arent super fast and have a very short time where they can even be interrupted. KTZ can also not even cast the second chain if he is ccd. Their range is also not very long, but the range of frost nova (needed for the combo) is actually very short compared to abilities of other mages, so many heroes can outrange KTZ. KTZ also cannot 100-0 tanks. I think he might be able to 100-0 ETC but the rest have mitigation or just lots of health. That of course changes if there is a 3 level lead, in which case yeah most heroes can get 100-0, but they can also get 100-0 more effectively by ranged AA heroes actually. KTZ really isnt a hero that busts tanks. Because of how easy he is to counter, most people just pick Jaina for her very similar burst damage, game winning ult, and constant slows. Or they pick Kael because he has better range and is easier to play. Lastly, if they got rid of spike KTZ would basically be a never pick. Why would you ever take a hero who is so difficult to play and so limited instead of Jaina. He already is massively unpopular. You could buff his damage and range, but then he becomes incredibly toxic in his ideal scenario (very clumped fights against melees) because he really *would* be one shotting every hero should he hit properly, even through armor and shields. We have seen similar examples of this type of balancing, like old Chromie and Nova who had to have such ridiculous damage in order to be balanced with their kits, because they lacked other useful features. KTZ isn't out of line. But if they wanted to nerf him I'd suggest putting spike's cooldown at 60 seconds, and reducing it to 30 if he *pulls* a hero to it. Basically punishing missing and punishing him if the enemy support cleanses properly. They could also do it on kill a la shifting Malice, but honestly I don't think that's a great mechanic for spike. Neither of these would make it easier for bad players who position wrong to avoid his combo though, which is good.
Thanks for the answer. This is the first time I've ever had a question answered in one of the AMAs since I joined reddit like 3 years ago! I trust you guys with Whitemane and can't wait to see what you come up with. Fanatical Power is the most fun Whitemane talent btw. I love it's design. I also really like the shield talent even though it isnt quite as good as the W talent for mana consumption.
Still not a trap. Convection offers more damage than Fel Infusion and mana addict at the cost of survivability. Just because you dont feel the talent is worth the risk doesnt mean it's a "trap." Convection does bring a rather strong power spike to the table in the early game. If the other options also offered similar damage on top of their preexisting benefits then it would be a trap.
The devs have had to remove synergies from talent trees in the past because they get ridiculous and cause one build to dominate. Notable examples include og Kael, release Orphea.
We will obviously get more than two heroes. We already had 2 and it's extremely likely we get one at Blizzcon as well.
Dad?
Oftentimes a *direct* translation isnt better though. That's why things are localized rather than translated. Third children just sounds dumb in English.
I personally dont think that's bad at all. There are a lot of moments in episode 1 that you could choose that sound abysmal, but that one is fine imo. However, episode 1 is probably some of the worst in the dub. It's clear the actors didnt have a grasp of what they were doing yet.
But werent the original English names chosen by Gainax?
Yes. But when you translate something from Japanese to English you usually dont do a literal translation. You do a localization so that it works better in English. So you fix things like this. Apparently the Italian dub is a complete literal translation that is a mess. I will have to watch it later lol.
Really? I always loved the unsettling silence that occured in many scenes. Really nailed the feeling of it not being a typical action-focused show without revealing that right away.
The cult classic game Bayonetta used that song at its release and for all of its rereleases. It cannot be impossible to fix, or even that expensive.
Are people really going to pay $30 to watch someone else watch a show that they arent even in anymore?
Lava wave has the same win rate as Sulfuras but is picked 3 times as much. As much as I love Sulfuras Smash myself, Lava Wave is usually the better choice on Ragnaros because of it's insane map control even during objectives. It also has a fantastic level 20 whereas Smash's level 20 really isnt game changing at all.
If anything I think Malf is underrated. I see him picked very rarely.
OP didnt show what his HL rankings have been in the past though. It's possible OP was a high plat or diamond player in HL in past seasons.
It's called localization to have it make more sense/appeal properly to foreign audiences. A direct translation here doesnt make sense to English-speakers.
Hey I just have one critique of the Kel'Thuzad build. I noticed on level 16 your build recommends Arcane Echoes, but I honestly feel that is the weakest choice since it encourages spamming more Qs meaning you are channeling and standing in range more. Power of Icecrown and Hungering Cold are both much better options in my opinion. Power of Icecrown with chains of ice and chilling touch is especially easy to get value out of since you basically stack it every time you combo. Also I was wondering why he is listed as tier 3 on Braxis, because I feel he is a great pick there since the enemy team is basically forced to fight you. Is it just because he is a high skill floor and high skill cap hero? Because that does make sense then.
&gt; people have proven multiple times that the changes 343 made to the sandbox with Spartan Abilities (namely Sprint) had a net negative effect on the game. No they havent. Several nostalgiaic fans have attempted to create an argument to "prove" something that is subjective, which is impossible, and tons of idiots parrot that Halo 5 multiplayer has been "objectively proven" to be worse than other Halos. It's impossible to prove such a thing because it is entirely subjective and it's dumb to claim otherwise. Regardless of how one feels about Halo 5, it is impossible to "prove" that the additions made gameplay better or worse.
&gt;No, they haven't. We have proven that all of the maps are elongated in Halo 5 from their Halo 3 or 2 counterparts. This means that travel times are by and large the same. Yes &gt;We have also proven that Sprint does not add combat opportunities, only detracts from them Nope, that's not something objectively provable. &gt;TTK of Halo 5 is longer Yes &gt;proven to have a detrimental effect on gameplay. And again this is something you cant prove. See? That's quite idiotic since overall feel of gameplay is subjective. That's where the argument falls apart for anyone who knows what objectivity is.
He is clearly an idiot if he cant understand what so many in this thread are spelling out for him. It's easy to overestimate the average level of intelligence though. His argument is basically "but this opinion is proven true."
I feel like that last suggestion is a bit "have your cake and eat it too." I feel like with Illusion Master effectively baseline with a leash and Bladestorm, someone playing Samuro could likely win any even fight through sheer micro skill alone. I dont think that sounds healthy. But also, I think Blizzard's reasoning for not making IM baseline is very valid. From his inception, there was clearly a focus on making Samuro not reliant on micro if the player so chooses. I think it was an interesting choice and seemingly one they will stick with. They originally had a similar stance with Rexxar as well, but later relented on giving the player direct control of Misha. I do think that putting a leash range on Illusion Master or the CDR mechanic and buffing his fight damage is a good idea though.
Lol I'm masters now but I wrecked even in plat up until diamond doing this. If you out skill players significantly, you will get convection at like level 7 and you will never need the shield because if you position better than everyone else the enemies will almost never be coordinated to dive you effectively.
Lol those arent even *close* to the same. Even Mario Party, the most derivative of those listed, always has new boards and minigames for every installment. I have to question if you've even played those games at all.
Mine died as well and I ended up getting an S because it was pretty cheap. Honestly, I was kind of upset because I've never ever had a console die on me, and yet it seems it's not uncommon with the Xbox One.
The game already launched. It's hard for a game to attract a large player base. It's basically a matter of luck what game takes off and what doesn't unfortunately. I don't think there's any good way to attract people other than making a big deal out of your launch and paying streamers to play it, and that's kinda already passed.
Really? Because when I played LoL I was horrible and just insta locked Ashe or Annie every game and other people insta locked what they wanted. This was years ago so maybe its different now idk.
Zera Diablo Jaina is insanely easy to use. Zera waits and vps 3 or 4 people, 5 if you are lucky. Diablo hits R, Zera cancels and Jaina has a ton of time to follow up.
I think Void Prison is stupidly powerful and forces Zeratul's base kit to be quite weak to compensate. It's kind of insane an ability that disables everything for such a long time still exists. It used to be worse though, when it had a massive range as well.
It was done so that Chromie cannot hit one person with the full damage of her W while they cannot escape it.
Guy doesnt know what he is talking about. Rexxar is the best solo laner in the game right now. He is difficult to play though. If you micro properly both Rexxar and Misha he doesnt really have any counters besides maybe KTZ.
&gt;I have a constant inner monologue of my thoughts I think everyone has this? I do and I can still picture things, like a watermelon for example.
There is so much counterplay though. In fact Lunara alone could have counter played that whole situation two different ways. [[Abolish Magic]] first off could have saved both of them, but she probably didnt actually analyze the match and take it because it's not the meta pick. But also, had she saved a charge of leaping strike she could have simply gone unstoppable, but instead she wasted both charges and failed to even do anything at all with the second one. Then she simply stood still and autod. Lunara is probably the most difficult hero to hit with chains when she is moving, yet she has no awareness of Kel'Thuzad at all (Thrall also stands still). Neither Thrall or Lunara even try to juke around the fort to completely shut down the chains combo either! Kel'Thuzad is a hero that punishes mistakes, and I just listed 3 alone from just one player that allowed her to die. She was way out if position there as well. Kel'Thuzad is very easy to counter and that is why he really isnt an overly common pick at higher levels. Most heroes have some way to mitigate the combo or their support does (in this case Morales has armor which can save a player from this also, but she may have had it on CD or not been able to reach the overextended Lunara player EDIT: Nevermind she just wasted it on nothing). EDIT: That's not even touching on what the other heroes on Lunara's team could have done here. The enemy team also has an Alarak that completely wastes counterstrike and stands IN the combo. KTZ shouldn't be getting triple kills ever (outside of wombos like MOSH) since his combo only hits two people, unless someone is dumb enough to stand in it. Alarak also HARD counters KTZ because the range on his Telekinesis is similar to chains, he has a silence, telekenisis can push him OUT of the combo with no effort required (it can push Alarak even in roots), AND he has counterstrike.
Useless? It doesn't remove chains, but it sure as hell removes roots and slows, meaning you can literally just walk out of the combo even at normal move speed (Zul'jin can with voodoo shuffle as well). But wuth Lunara's speed, she even escapes nearly all of the death and decay damage, possibly 100% of it. Just pop it after u are rooted. EVEN IF you screw up the timing you STILL can escape because it halves the root time anyway and Lunara has bonus move speed.
Yeah landing Maw combos was super fun also
&gt;KTZ can land the entire combo the second the chains draw in, the slows just keep you in D&amp;D (which is unneeded since a full combo will kill Lunara without continued D&amp;D damage). The root/slow is irrelevant because the damage has already landed, and if the damage has landed Lunara is already done. I'm sorry idk what else to say but this is just untrue. The stun on chains of Kel'Thuzad is extremely short, only a few tenths of a second. Shadow Fissure has a 1.5 second delay on it and cannot be cast until after you have cast Frost nova and Chain2. Frost Nova has a 1 second root, but can be immediately removed by abolish magic. With abolish magic it is impossible for you to get hit by shadow fissure and most of death and decay, which is where the majority of the damage comes from, unless you are literally ccd by his entire team. &amp;#x200B; I'm a level 175 masters Kel'Thuzad main. Lunara is a hard counter since practically every Lunara player will escape combo simply using leaping strike, meaning that the other person you try to chain to her will get pulled out of the combo as well. She is also very tough to hit in the first place.
No you are guaranteed to save the target even if you cleanse them after they have been pulled. With timing you can avoid \*even\* the pull.
Well as I said the cleansed person will only get hit by frost Nova, which isnt where the damage really comes from (the vast majority is from Shadow fissure and death and decay which they can avoid entirely with cleanse. They wont get hit by half the combo. If they were spiked no one dies. But yes if Kel'thuzad lands the combo 100% correctly on two moving targets one person is likely to die there if the healer only has a singular cleanse available. Although heroes like Whitemane, Uther and Brightwing can save both targets. But do you really think someone shouldn't die if a mage lands their full ability rotation and their ult on them? Because most mages can also 100-0 most heroes if they use every CD. Jaina has pretty equivalent burst and is not limited to doing it to two targets, as well as a game changing ult. Li Ming can 100-0 most heroes with mirror ball, calamity and wave. Kael actually cannot but his AoE damage is quite high. Alarak can easily do this as well. But there are also many non mage heroes who can do this also. Whitemane at 20 has very similar damage to Kel'Thuzad and can drop 6k damage on a target while she roots them. Diablo can do this while CCing people. If there is nothing left to save someone and KTZ combos them AND they have no defensives, they should absolutely die.
If he is so broken and easy to play, why don't you play him yourself? It depends what rank you are of course but it is very rare to see someone with KTZ over a 55% wr. Most are under 50. He is obviously easier to play in ARAM, there is no mmr and you are forced to engage constantly. There is almost no room to dodge chains either. &amp;#x200B; It's quite clear from all of our discussions you just hate the hero though and don't want to have a real discussion about balance it seems. Otherwise you wouldn't reference ARAM.
Because he is in fact one of the hardest heroes to play well in this game. Saying he is easy to play in ARAM is irrelevant. If he is so easy to play, and so efficient, he would have the same popularity as Jaina. Instead, his pick rate is much lower, but they are always neck and neck in win rates. He is definitely the hardest mage mechanically and positioning wise. You're the one using expletives and ending comments with "boo hoo" though.
I'm surprised how many people commenting here had parents that didnt take them to get their eyes checked when they were children. I thought that was rather common and encouraged by doctors. I mean they even do vision tests at the pediatrician. How does this not get picked up on?
They said they thought it would take months to get enough people for fighting, but instead it took less than 2 weeks or something.
And poor KTZ saw very little pro play at all. He is also quite countered by Genji.
Idk I havent lost this match up yet on Rexxar, and he is one of my most played heroes. Usually I dont go oom because I steal most of the globes. Chen players can try to deny their globe from me but they will take some damage. But it is virtually impossible to deny Rexxar blue globes because Misha can charge and get it no matter what plus you eat damage. At worst (hasn't happened to me yet vs Chen) Rexxar can tap the well and sustain longer anyway.
I think there are some good ideas in here but there are a lot of issues with this. Haunted Mines was one of my favorite maps btw so no hate here. Firstly, I dont think the map being a smaller 2 lane map was the issue. In fact I think being smaller is the only thing that kept it somewhat balanced, because at least you can rotate and gank the person getting all the camps. Plus the map really wasnt that small, especially when you factor in the mines. The larger you make the map, the worse it is to enter the mines since you wont be able to respond to a push. I like the idea of having some way to heal in the mines and I love the idea of getting rid of the sappers. They did too much damage for how little time you had to respond. I think you've created a map here that could go on for like an hour though, depending on the scaling. The losing team simply has way too many ways to cope with the golem. First, they can mitigate it with skulls (fine that's how the map always worked in a way). Then they can damage it before it can even do anything. Then it targets the least destroyed lane, which is good for anti snowball like BoE, but the difference here is that you made this a 3 lane map. So it really extends how long it will take to get a keep. AND THEN there is the MULE item, which can be used to heal structures. Finally, you factor in that in an even game one team may not win every objective and I think this map will go on *forever*. That's my big concern. I think Blizzard is probably unwilling to do such a big remake for the map. Imo what they should do is replace the sappers with a merc that doesnt suicide, maybe just sappers with no bombs or maybe even just vision camps that give vision in the mines and of the entrances. Increase the amount of XP skeletons give, but not the boss. And slightly increase the damage of the first objective.
Your first comment is very unclear and seems to imply something quite negative.
People treated his first episode like an ARG rather than a real crisis and gave him shit on Twitter.
Why/how was he detained on stream? I hadn't followed him since what happened with YouTube because I cant catch live streams too easily.
&gt;Racism is only bad if it is factually inaccurate Proceeds to list off things that are factually inaccurate to support racism.
How did you misunderstand my comment that badly?
&gt;Alarak loses a significant amount of damage if he dies Yes but his combo is nearly instantaneous and he has a free displacement with no strings attached (chains has much more limited). Supports have a lot of time to react to KTZ with various abilities (or things like Sanct and Salvation). While you may not be able to save yourself from a KTZ combo (and you shouldn't be able to save yourself from everything, there is a ton of stuff like that. Team play is required in this game) every healer and a ton of other heroes can save you. Shadow Fissure also has a 1.5 second delay on it. &amp;#x200B; He should be terrifying though. If his damage wasn't threatening enough to kill people there would not be a point in taking him over Jaina. You don't chase KTZ because you run the risk of getting chained together and nuked, right?
Orphea does have significantly more survivability/mobility than him though.
Yeah KT is barely picked and KTZ is never picked because he is too risky and avoidable.
Your DotA and LoL rank are above average. You are not an average MOBA player. Placements arent very accurate (I mean they cant be, its 10 matches) so you would have to play more to see where you end up.
Idk about that. I certainly didnt, my siblings didnt, and most of my friends didnt either. That's seriously like 4th grade. A lot of kids dont learn about that stuff until health in middle school.
Why? He is incorrect and his assertion isnt based on accurate information or facts.
Well yeah... that's why he has always been strong (whether or not people actually realized it, I've been playing him consistently since they added Misha focus and the hero has been above average since then). The problem is that Rexxar is hard to play and requires a lot of effort compared to picking a different bruiser. Even with him winning practically every solo lane match up now his popularity is *still* low. If he doesn't win every solo lane matchup then no one plays him since *best solo laner* is easier anyway, and if he does well obviously that's a bit OP. I think they've likely decided to leave him as he is. After all, Reddit would rather complain about heroes who arent actually OP but look "OPOP flashy anti-fun" because most people on here don't actually understand what really wins games. It's the sleeper heroes like Rexxar that do everything too well that they should complain about if the goal is balance.
I still think that Star Fox Zero is a fantastic game, up there with 64. Most people who dislike it was because they couldn't come to grips with (or didnt want to take enough time to) the controls (which were Miyamoto not Platinum).
Nier's combat is very simplistic compared to this and Bayonetta. You basically just have heavy and light attacks, a few different combo strings, and a few different weapon archetypes. Astral Chain clearly has a lot more depth in its combat. I like Nier Automata but from an objective standpoint then combat just doesnt compare to something like Bayonetta.
He still plays though, doesnt he?
Nobody can help you with your own mentality which really sounds like the issue. Also its quite easy to avoid playing against the same 5 stack twice in a row. Just whisper one and wait for them to be in game.
He has the decimate level 20, [[Deadly Calm]], and was basically constantly reducing the damage of 3 players.
No because if you miss you waste your ult then
&gt;There shouldn't be any need to send back their inferior unsolicited substitute which is presumably on its way. I think you'd have a hard time arguing that they gave you an inferior product or not what you ordered, because they are literally giving you the item you ordered and more. I don't think packaging would really be considered because it's quite irrelevant to what is contained in the package. Fundamentally there is no difference between that and saying your blow up mattress came in a blue box instead of a green box, but the product offered is still the same. Also this doesn't qualify as bait and switch.
I mean they died for other reasons. I dont think decimate is good, especially if you are tanking for a squishy team or the enemies have big threats, but I do think its 20 is very solid if you can get away with taking it. Frostblast is kind of similar. Abysmal heroic, great 20.
The problem is the completely BS turret section. Unless there is a faster way to do it, taking out that boss without taking *any damage* takes like 3 years.
DNC is afraid of the candidates that can actually shake things up though. After all, they want the support of businesses and big donors.
I dont think it's common for illegal immigrants to make $8 an hour.
Many Americans live in worse conditions than that, and dont even talk about the rest of the world. Honestly, if you are saying you would risk your life and the life of your small child to end up *still* working a low end job anyway in hopes of monetary gain and a nice house, I think your priorities are off-kilter.
Because these people call everything that is a negative opinion "entitled." We are customers buying a product, saying you aren't happy with something isn't entitled.
How many SL games have you played on both? Also I thought new accounts were capped at gold 1 or something?
I thought they were going to do that for Chromie and was very excited to see it, but perhaps Blizzard came to the conclusion that it would be a horrible mechanic (which I agree with lol).
I have a gtx 970 and have been having the same issue lately. Real performance drops where I was always above 60 and usually above 100 before. I've noticed certain hero's effects seem to make it worse also.
What an idiotic comment. First off, the devs did respond to this issue already and said it's an ISP issue. Second, there is no dev on the team to fix this because it's not a game issue.
I think you failed to understand the other reply then, because you're right, those two scenarios arent equivalent. Basically HotS has two systems in place in ranked. Your visible rank and your hidden mmr. Mmr is the real measure of your skill level and is affected by many many things, like the mmr of the other players in the match, your win %, how many games in a row you have won/lost, lots of complicated things that we won't really ever exactly know for ourselves. Your rank is an outward facing representation of your skill to showcase a ladder and make it feel more like a game so to speak. Because rank isn't affected by all of these other factors, PRA exists to bring parity between a player's rank and their mmr. If your mmr is much higher than your rank for some reason, your PRA will go up. If your mmr is lower than your rank, you get a negative PRA.
Why is there blood in games? Surely they can get the point across of killing enemies without making them bleed all over. Why do they even use guns? I mean they could easily use paintball guns that act like real guns. Mortal Kombat's fatalities don't really need to be in the game as such violent sequences for any gameplay reasons. After all they are just cutscenes. Such useless and senseless violence in these games and it doesn't really serve a purpose. See someone could make the same argument you are making about nudity about everything. It's not a logically sound argument and is poorly put together. If nudity is problematic in games, that's a you problem, not a game problem. Who cares? If a developer's vision is to make everyone naked in their game, then I see no reason they shouldn't be able to do that, same as if they had everyone explode.
That's basically the same thing though. Sony isnt stealing the game's code and altering it for censorship, they are saying to the developers "you cannot release this game unless you change this."
Which is even more stupid and shows they plan to just arbitrarily choose pokemon to include or not include in the future, not even because of time reasons.
Quite accurate lol
I'd wager it would help a lot in the matchup against Rexxar, since almost all of his damage is from AA.
I agree and I never do content like this because it's frustrating and boring. But it's not required to finish the game. That's why I never could understand why people complain about the extra moons in Odyssey. I do get why people complain about the blue coins though. They took frustration to a whole nother level.
You indicated they put chemicals in to purposely dry out your skin. All I said was that isn't true. As far as I can tell this company isn't doing sleazy practices like that. Of course I have no idea which cream is better for me or you. I'm just correcting something that is objectively false.
Certain Affinity did the multiplayer iirc. They also did some work on Halo 2, Reach, 4, and CEA before that.
Yeah
Backgrounds in MCC are unfortunately just static images though.
Ya did though &gt;This stuff sucks too- it appears to work great, then all **the chemicals in it slowly dry your hands out MORE, requiring you to keep using it.** You do imply sole sort of devious scheme here. There arent chemicals in it designed to dry out your skin to keep you using more.
Sorry if I shouldn't ask this but I've always wondered how people find out when something happens to their online friends. I have many friends on battle net who I've played with for years, but if they just disappeared one day I'd never know what happened to them. It's quite sad.
&gt; When companies are forced to implement them and when games are starting to be designed around them, *then these are downsides*. You just don’t mind them. Show me one popular game that was designed around achievements. Better if it was one harmed by achievements. &gt; And you people say “just ignore them”. But that is sometimes easier said then done. If achievements are in your face, some people start getting sucked into them. It shouldn't affect you if some people get sucked into achievements. &gt;And they can and do affect how games are designed. Not always but sometimes they do. I don’t want that. I don’t want Mario around achievements. I can make my own achievements. Again, prove it. Claims without proof are in fact bad arguments. You are basically saying "I hate achievements for no real reason and don't want them in Nintendo games" which is a fine opinion, but don't pretend there are facts that achievements harm games. &gt; If my reasoning is bad then you folks are hypocrites I don't think you understand hypocrisy then. &gt;What is wrong with the way Diablo implemented achievements? Why does it have to be *more* than that or BotW’s? It is entirely up to the devs to decide whether they think achievements make their game better. And sometimes they just make it worse. Nothing is wrong with it. Of course achievements should always be up to the devs. Most people would agree with that. This is about Nintendo providing a system that devs can utilize for achievements. I don't think implementation of achievements is forced on Xbox anyway. Devs just like to add them. &amp;#x200B; &gt;I am convinced Nintendo makes a conscious decision to stay far away from this in their own games. And you people don’t realize how lucky you are. I mean now you just sound a bit insane if I'm being honest. People are lucky Nintendo doesn't add features to their OS? Ok. &gt;That is just my opinion. Now downvote ahead. We would not want “illogical and odd” opinions here (transltion: opinions you disagree with). Let’s preserve this cess pool of an echo chamber. &amp;#x200B; Your opinions are illogical and odd, but people will downvote because your attitude is pretty toxic
I'm surprised more people arent saying Kel'Thuzad. You get access to 3 seconds of root at minimum (5 with talents if you want) and can easily get off multiple Fissures on targets. At 20 with Deathchill he is a walking team wiper with relative ease and wouldnt even need his team to intervene. Greymane with Cursed Bullet and the new Unleashed talent would be pretty broken at 20 also. Whitemane would essentially make her entire team unkillable for a pretty long time with both if her ults. Sylvanas would have an awful lot of self peel and CC for a ranged assassin, but not as broken as the above.
This isnt a good idea because it would allow Deathwing to just free push incredibly quickly. Hed be taking your fort in a minute. He is basically ungankable if you are watching the map since flight cannot be interrupted and even if you went to gank him he is unlikely to die because of his health. I dont think anyone would want to play against push monster Deathwing, especially with how much teamfight power he would still have in destroyer form. He'd be like the pushing of Zagara combined with his current state.
Same. It's quite funny because I remember making fun of their claims of something like thousands of engineering hours of improvements for the Xbox One controller at E3 or something saying it looked basically the same as their previous (great) controller. Turns out it actually was a lot more comfortable.
Idk the triggers on my controllers make no noise at all. The bumpers have a nice click, but most people like when buttons are clicky and firm on a controller. People dont really like mushy buttons. The dpad on the 360 controller was also horrible.
I think there is a brief channel. I've tried to pick it up during Cataclysm and found it impossible.
I like this tier list. It's one of the ones I agree with the most. A few things I disagree with though. I think Junkrat should be like a tier higher due to his control over fights right now being really strong. Good Junkrat's can absolutely make a massive impact now and at 20 he is very disgusting. Orphea is too high. I don't understand the reasoning of putting her above the other mages when she seems less reliable and more dangerous. Whitemane is probably the most underrated on this entire list. With subjugation and harsh discipline right now her damage reduction is really insane amd has very high uptime. She is performing well. I think she should be in great. Oh and since this is a SL tier list, I think Genji is overrated. He doesnt have enough versatility in SL.
&gt;hero like genji, zeratul, maiev, valeera, illidan, falstad. The reason why he has success in stormleague master+ without being high on the list, is because people are both drafting and playing really sub-optimally. See I agree with you and many of your other answers. But you say this is a SL tier list. Imo its unrealistic for a SL tier list in some ways, because of this Junkrat example and placing someone like Genji so high. But then you also place Medivh very low for the opposite reasons. So it seems like an awkward mish mosh of a SL and competitive tier list, rather than really a SL tier list.
Your point is stupid because adding the ability to just move icons or a few different background colors is a completely negligible change. I agree that complicated themes like 3DS and 3D icons or whatever aren't a good idea for that reason though.
I am a programmer. It's true I dont work at Nintendo. But there are already sorting options implemented, just not a custom order. Such an option shouldn't ruin the whole OS to the point it slows down a noticable degree. If that's the case then their OS was implemented horribly.
US Democrats and Republicans and all big media outlets all seem to be backing the fact that general Suleimani was responsible for anti-US activities. It seems ridiculous to not believe them at all, especially when many of these people and outlets are anti-war and are calling the bombing a stupid move, even though they do not dispute his role in conflicts.
The first time I detached the device from the tv dock and brought it into the bathroom, and Celeste didn't miss a beat, it felt like console gaming's final form.
It's nice I can finally hide away with a home console when my mother's wife's boyfriend comes to attack me.
But Raynor's base kit was also nerfed in many ways to make room for mechanics in his talents. Part of this is that Raynor was a very simplistic hero as well, so there was more room to add things into his trait and his talent tree. I dont think a hero having a weak base kit and strong talents is the cause for poor talent diversity, because even heroes with extremely loaded base kits and comparatively weak talents have diversity issues. Since his rework in fall 2018, Kel'Thuzad's chilling touch sat around a 65% pickrate, and that didnt change until a few months ago when the hero was repeatedly nerfed in several areas. Phylactery has a pick rate in the 60s and Shadow Fissure still has a pick rate in the 80s. Maiev also has an insanely powerful base kit. Elune's Wrath has over 60% popularity at all times basically. Warden's Cage always has ridiculous popularity as well. Conversely, Jaina's base kit is pretty simple and she runs oom quickly early on when trying to deal damage. Fingers of Frost has 67% popularity. Before her rework, Whitemane had serious diversity issues at multiple tiers anyway. In that regard, not much has changed I suppose. Samuro's rework was just released, but many Samuro players are quite happy with it. I think the hero is far healthier personally and some talent balance adjustments are sure to happen in the long run. Before the hero was basically entirely reliant on Illusion Master and a macro god. The hero's base kit was not good before 10 anyway. I know a lot of Samuro players wanted IM baseline and thought the hero could never be balanced between IM and Bladestorm, but I think Blizzard seems to have done an alright job fixing even that severe imbalance that was supposedly unfixable.
I never can understand why people even would *want* to pick twin blades in situations like this. Like it cant be fun for the 8 deaths Varian player. Like even if you wont tank, smash exists. I guess some people are just that bad at analyzing comps and have really no idea how to play the game
No there isnt. I think it's just that Nazeebo, Azmodan, and Zagara (since her buffs especially) are some of the most popular heroes in QM. You probably just realize this more when you are playing Li Ming because they are blocking your skill shots. Nazeebo is one of the most popular heroes, appearing in 1/3 of games (similar to Li Ming). Azmodan and Zagara also appear in around 15% each. If you keep that in mind, its easy to see why you would encounter these heroes often.
Mosh pit isnt a continuous stun. Instead it reapplies every interval. I suspect this has something to do with why this works.
Missing an option saying I liked it better before they added the last hit mechanic. Now ranged heroes like Junkrat can go back to bullying most solo laners with poke and Jaina can double soak easily with insane speed again.
&gt;melee assassin that is supposed to kill backliners is vulnerable to these because he gets kited, brilliant blizz, as always This happens to most melee assassins and is why they are generally unpopular. They have to gap close over to a ranged, many of whom have ridiculous burst insta kill damage or CC. They use their gap closers and then get screwed. Only Zeratul and Maiev really escape this (Samuro can to an extent as well due to image transmission). &gt;The rework made him a lot weaker, he lost the entirety of his macro pressure, his burst got nerfed to the ground, and his sustain damage got only a marginal buff in return He is weaker because he was absolutely broken OP before if the player was good. Now hes actually pretty balanced, but still one of the stronger melee assassins. I've been seeing a lot of successful ones in ranked and many of them arent people who played him much before.
At the end of the day, things like KDA, hero damage, and other stats really dont matter. What matters is that the enemy core is destroyed. In the past, there were many people who one tricked heroes like Azmodan, Zagara, Gazlowe to masters through pushing and map pressure. They likely had quite bad stats on paper, 1 kill 4 deaths whatever. But they still won. So your rank is not based on any statistics. Rank is directly linked to mmr, which you gain when you win and lose when you lose. The amount gained or lost is dependent on your teammates mmrs and your enemies mmrs.
Some ults have a global queue as well. Weirdly, this applies to very few and one of them is Unleash the Boars, which is just odd.
Sundering isnt instant. It has an animation and travel time and it used to even have a channel as well. Chromie's sand blast is a channeled skill shot. Functionally it's quite similar to final strike. It doesnt have a targeting indicator. No skill shots do. It would be odd to have a targeting indicator for a skill shot. &gt;You just have to run sideways randomly and hope Qhira misses If you can see Qhira, you know what direction she is casting. If she is casting it from out of vision, then yeah. Like all skill shots in this game, you have no idea where they are being cast from outside of your vision. I dont think Qhira or Final Strike are problematic, but even when she was overtuned I saw no issues with how Final Strike. I do think the audio queue should still play out of vision though because it's an ultimate, but it doesnt necessarily have to.
Because your race doesnt affect your capabilities. The economic condition of the family is obviously an important factor, but race is not.
What does that have to do with universities and affirmative action? Some employers are racist because America still has a lot of racist people. Using race as an aspect in college admissions really doesnt correct for that at all, and they will still compete against white applicants for jobs.
Many metrics used to evaluate students for college are standardized. SAT, ACT, and AP scores are not going to be racially biased, and college essays are also not going to be racially biased *if evaluated fairly by the institution*. I suppose some grades could be in things like english classes, which are graded subjectively by high school teachers. But other things like math, sciences, and history, are usually graded objectively through multiple choice and short answer tests, where there is really only one correct answer. So while you could make that argument, it doesn't apply to a lot.
Or the classic boring ult upgrade: *Damage increased by 100%. Each enemy hit reduced the cooldown by 10 seconds*
I know what game you are talking about actually because that was me. You were the Chromie right? I wasn't in a 3 stack and my wr isn't 80% though, but I'm pretty sure that was the game. I'm sorry for ruining your game. Honestly, I am a Kel'Thuzad one trick and created that account to actually try to learn other heroes. Most of my games on it are on heroes other than KTZ, and honestly it isn't even fun to play him unless I pick him in stupid situations. But when your teammates keep asking you to play it, it also can be hard to say no as well. I absolutely don't want to throw games either. It's also the only way to play with friends in ranked now. &amp;#x200B; If I encounter you again, I'll make sure not to pick KTZ.
Lol you people have to get over the Overwatch hate. There isnt anything wrong with the franchise and a lot of people who play HotS play other Blizzard games, and Overwatch is one of their most popular.
It's been like this for weeks actually. They link to blog posts describing the hero rather than an actual hero page though.
I play Valeera a lot. I cant say I've had this problem. In fact I havent accidentally mounted on any hero. Honestly, I find it very hard to actually click the train mount to get on. It seems the hit box is very small.
Hmmm. I play Azmodan like that sometimes and actually have a much higher win rate like that than with the standard build. Its cheesy but often puts your enemies in a lose lose situation because Azmodan with greed, master of destruction, demonic invasion, and hell rift is going to get insane value if he bails on the objective, faster than you take the objective. Also with the Medivh thing, I think it probably is better to ignore your team and save your abilities for yourself until you are stacked. Not to say you should waste them, but if you die and cant complete stacks before 10, you may never get them. Agree about Nazeebo players. Whenever I see a Nazeebo main I know I'm in for a ride.
Thanks. Kel'Thuzad came out when I was in Plat actually and I used him to eventually get to masters. Now I have almost 1,500 games on him lol.
What picture won?
This is pretty impressive since Valeera's W does such low damage.
Its not even like Star Fox though
Went up against Cho'gall, Deathwing, Rehgar, Li Ming comp in SL. It's not quite that simple because Cho'gall can push a lane while Deathwing stops your push pretty easily. We took Leoric, Greymane, Whitemane, Anub, Valla and nearly won. We were able to compete in teamfights and clear structures fast, but couldn't compete in the late game. Ending early is the best solution probably, but as it was Alterac, we struggled to kill their core early. We had to play a lot better than them and still lost in the end.
I assumed we were not including ults because you said Rag. But really, Leoric has no hard CC until 20.
Huh? Lunara is relatively popular. Her popularity is like 20%. She is obviously very strong right now and I see her picked up a lot in higher level ranked games.
It is pretty relevant. If a hero is easy to play with a high win rate and relatively high popularity, they are likely overtuned.
Hanamura would become a lot more snowbally if they did this. Like Blackheart's Bay and Sky Temple, the payload damage is completely indefensible once turned in. Unlike those maps, it's also a two lane map with less structures and less minions to soak to catch up. That means it puts the losing team at a large disadvantage if they cant contest if you buff its damage. I really dont think it's a good change to make. It would make it very easy for the winning team to just only commit to push a payload when at some sort of advantage where the losing team cannot win the fight. At the moment, you basically *will* have to push enemy structures with your heroes at some point on this map. I dont remember the last time I saw a game ended on Hanamura with just payloads. This is a good thing, because it forces more interaction between the teams at this point and allows for the losing team to at least mount a defense at a disadvantage. Additionally, unlike the payload, the Sentinel camp is fully defensible in lane and at your structure. It isnt forced damage, and is therefore going to be less snowbally than buffing the payload and nerfing the sentinel (which is what everyone here seems to think they want). To be honest, I dont think Hanamura should see any changes. At the moment it is a very well balanced two lane map.
The problem I have with BHB is how snowbally it is if both teams play it correctly, or if one team plays it correctly and the other does not.
So... shes in the upper third of the most popular heroes in the game and is one of the more popular ranged assassins.
I mean it used to be like that and wasnt really better. Its one thing to know who is a one trick and ban them because of past experience. It's another entirely to be able to view the profile of the highest ranked player and just ban their three most consistent heroes out.
Yeah it definitely is. You think you do, but you dont. There is very little advantageous about knowing who is in a party, but there were a lot of issues with people gging in the first minute because they saw a stack on the loading screen.
The real problem I have with BHB is that when played correctly by both teams, the map is extremely snowbally and very boring. I have played this map with coordinated teams before. Basically, both teams will draft double soakers and try to shove bottom. The team that gets the advantage early basically auto wins by taking everything on their side when the enemy team is even with them and avoiding every fight, and turning in every time they have an advantage while the other team is unable to contest, and then maybe taking enemy camps also if the enemy team is elsewhere. The team that gets an early structure advantage is always going to win because there is actually no need for them to ever confront the enemy team. If the enemy team tries to contest a turn in, the winning team can simply leave while the losing team loses soak, so you just let them do whatever they want and try to clean up the endless camps. You can try to force a fight to try to get back in, but if the winning team is playing correctly you will never get it unless you are at a talent or numbers disadvantage.
Why is The Butcher always on free rotation?
&gt;Tychus has a great niche People dont want heroes to have a niche where they are really powerful. They want them to be adaptable and able to handle general situations to some extent.
I dont remember Tychus being *broken* when he had more range. He was one of the best AA assassins, but not omega busted. Without the synergy between in the rhythm and that's the stuff, I doubt he would be broken.
I have one to learn new heroes and play ranked with friends.
I mean he no longer has that synergy.
&gt;In diamond or higher I really don't think it's tunnel vision that prevents pickups, it's bad potion locations. No its definitely tunnel vision. I love playing Cain and have a very good win rate on him (70% diamond and masters). But I often see people just not pick up potions even one unit to the left of them (even when I'm not the Cain I see this). I'm reminded of a game where I was with a Kael'thas in a 2v1 against like a Johanna or something and he died because he just didnt walk on the porion literally right next to him. Then of course complained.
That's such a small sample size. It's not a worthwhile statistic.
Oh he was like one of the best ranged assassins easily, but I would not classify him as omega busted.
While I know what you are saying, Samuro is being picked more than ever before in high level SL and is extremely successful. Even with less macro, I constantly see Samuro players able to make a large impact in fights and on the map. His damage is very good. He absolutely shreds enemies in fights. While he isnt as good at taking camps, he is still very effective at sneaking into enemy territory for macro plays because he can avoid being on the minimap and has enough mobility that he is at less risk of dying stealing camps than any other offlaner. Honestly, Samuro is more likely to see some nerfs than buffs.
I think if Genji were to get more auto attack range or damage, he needs his burst damage drastically reduced. The burst damage is the big problem with Genji. If he can trade 70% of his health for 50% of yours, he can burst down many heroes and then be ready to do it again with a reset. Its problematic design that prevents him from having anything else.
People kept saying that in Smash 4 also and it never really panned out.
I have no doubt Shulk can be good. But it's possible the amount of work needed to put into him to make him marginally better than much much much easier characters is just very impractical.
None of those heroes really have enough sustained damage to pressure tanks besides maybe Gul'Dan. Chromie's sustained damage only occurs if she actually just keeps landing Sand Blasts and even then I highly doubt shes dealing the damage or Valla of Zul'jin to a front line. Sand Blast is too inconsistent. Ming has the same problem but somewhat worse. She really wants to hit the backline, not the front. Jaina definitely doesnt have the sustained damage of an AAer even with Frostbolt build. She also has no mobility whatsoever, short range, and zero sustain. Kael'thas and Kel'Thuzad are similar.
Interesting. I was very excited for Platinum's newest game but overall I found it lacking and the framerate made it feel bad to play.
The shields also regenerated and lasted forever. Symmetra had to reapply them if you died.
Old Hanzo and Symm were way more fun though
Yeah overwatch has a real homogenization issue imo
Rexxar isnt hard to understand, but positioning Misha and Rexxar properly can be quite a challenge and is something you have to continuously improve if you want to play Rexxar well.
Yeah two lane maps are definitely different and cant be won just by soaking. On BoE a few tips are to cap the bruiser camp just as the objective becomes activated. Ideally you want it to arrive in lane when you start racing. Imo its also usually easier to race the first phase even if you have a worse racing comp, because respawn timers are so short the enemies just come back and get the immortal anyway. But yeah it is probably easier to outplay your enemies with a high impact assassin on this map.
No, sadly
Yeah it does need a nerf. It is somewhat hard to judge how comparable the heroics are though. Even if they have the same *value* resurrect is easier to use, so it is going to have a higher win rate. I really like the new version of this heroic. I honestly dont think they should remove the self cast component because it's very cool and honestly can be balanced without removing it. In its current form, resurrect is not an 80 second CD ability. It probably should be more like 100. It probably also should have an increased channel time so that its actually possible to interrupt it, and maybe an increased range as well to compensate a bit.
Stitches is not an easy kill target. If OP had like Raynor, Li Ming, Stitches is not going to die before his team rolls on into theirs past Garrosh with no CDs. It's even worse if he has gorge.
I think Tracer is in an acceptable spot. Shes a strong counter pick and has high synergy with certain heroes. She is also quite hard to play. What they need to do is fix a lot of her garbage talents, which will hopefully make hero better just by giving her more options.
I think that is at least far more interesting than the current palm upgrade lol.
Who is that?
And what would you do when your team picks Zagara, Azmodan, Artanis, Jaina and Probius and the other team takes Li Ming, Greymane, Diablo, Malf, Rexxar? You cant force people to pick good comps and it would be even more imbalanced.
The hero you are good at is always the best choice. I think Malthael is pretty good actually because he can soak 2 lanes. Orphea is a fine mage choice. I personally dont think she is as good as Jaina but if you are good at her or want to be good at her then by all means play her. Arthas is average I'd say. Not horrible. Good against dive heroes like Illidan. Anduin is rather popular. I think he is mediocre personally but he is picked a lot and people really seem to enjoy him. Kel'Thuzad is a hero that you really have to dedicate a lot of time to in order to have good results because he is very hard to play well. If you actually become a god with him its rather easy to climb with him up ranks. Overall it doesnt matter who is good, meta, on the top of a tier list, etc. You can really do well with any hero at most ranks. Even at masters though there are people who regularly play "bad" heroes like Gazlowe and Probius.
That is a big mistake. Of course they will eventually get your structures if you wait there. You have to actually push something, grab a boss, etc while they are dead or medivac is on CD. When you see the medivac alert, you need to hearth immediately to kill them. You cant just sit around at your structures defending all day because eventually you will lose.
This has nothing to do with the post. OP is complaining how Deathwing dominates quick match games (which is very true. The hero is even more imbalanced in QM than ranked.) Even if OP was talking about SL, your comparison is still stupid. First you are filtering for master and diamond, where winrates are automatically skewed higher. For ranked overall, the gulf between Deathwing and Rexxar is much higher, and that's with Deathwing being first picked into "counters" every game. He especially isnt comparable to a hero like Kerrigan.
Resident Evil could get a character but I honestly dont think Nintendo will go in that direction. I mean I honestly dont think Nintendo wouldve added RE spirits or Capcom DLC costumes now if they were getting a fighter.
He was right. I never expected that if they did add another FE rep, it would end up being yet another person with blue hair that mainly uses a sword when there are so many more unique characters to choose from lol.
I was not surprised at all we got a FE character. I was surprised its yet another primarily sword based one with blue hair though. Like, they do realize there are other choices, right?
Okay, I will
[[Graviton Vortex]] hasn't swapped two heroes in a looong time. Probably almost 2 years. 50 spell armor is good, but just a survivability increase at the end of the day. Triple Strike is a dps increase. I dont think it's really overrated. It competes against boring choices. Graviton Vortex is crap, Templar's Zeal only makes sense in one specific build.
Varian doesnt really have an escape. Neither does Imperius. Chen's only escape is his ult really. Same with Sonya unless she goes mystical spear. I think it's fine to have a bruiser who has to stay in combat, but his survivability and damage both actually feel underwhelming compared to Imperius, who also wants to stay in a fight and commit.
What's the point of keeping it secret if you are just going to make a video about it anyway and post that?
Oh really? You've played it?
I think it makes sense to ban him if you are gold, because even if you dont have a problem playing against him, 3 of your teammates might die to living bomb every fight randomly.
Iirc they said Qhira was the last hero that started development before the cuts.
You blink from a safe position on a flank or something towards your target but not right on top of them. Then move towards them and open up. This is what I see high level Zeratul players do when they take wormhole. You say it's a good way to die, but you are way less likely to die doing this than blinking right into the enemy team where you are sure to get CCd and blown up in less than 1.25 seconds. Wormhole is by far the easiest talent for the value it provides. I think the nerf was justified.
&gt;They should add an option in QM to defer your hero pick until you see the rest of your team (potentially sacrificing first preference but allowing you to pick something that actually works with the rest of your team) People always suggest this, but do you realize how this could be very imbalanced? I see neither team has a tank. I swap to tank. Game is now pretty unfair because the other players are unlikely to do the same.
You will wait a ridiculous amount of time if they added this. Even when it was forced wait times were 7-10 minutes. With such a system they would probably be half an hour.
Huh? The games would be more balanced if it was random because the chance you will get double Mephisto Zul'jin Zarya is incredible rare, but the chance players will pick it is significantly higher.
&gt;I stated fact Actually what you stated is wrong though. Deathwing was started in January of last year as far as I know. That's after "the purge."
I was queuing as healer and my queues were always over 5 minutes. The matches werent balanced either. I won almost all of them easily in boring stomps.
I dont think Hanzo is oppressive in SL to be perfectly honest, even in masters/GM. Nor do I care he would be oppressive in HGC because there is no HGC. There are heroes that are far easier to play and get far more value in top end ranked play. That said I do have somewhat of a problem with Hanzo getting more range on Q because the developers removed Chromie's Reaching Through Time due to the range being unhealthy, meanwhile Hanzo gets more range and an escape. But Hanzo really doesnt require nerfs and honestly W build is probably better than Q build if played to its highest potential. I think Dragon's Arrow is probably too high value of a heroic. It both makes the hero exceptionally strong and also completely dominates his heroic diversity. Give Chromie that heroic and she would also probably become highly contested. It has massive playmaking potential and can set up for gigantic combos. Hanzo himself can even use it with his W for massive burst potential.
I think his point is that unlike those mages, Gul'Dan actually stand a chance at winning lane against many heroes. But it's not worth it to push up because mages in general are vulnerable to ganks.
Usually when someone pings someone they either want them to do something specific or want to go assist them. There is actually an alternative assist ping, activated with G down on the wheel while over a player which is "Li Ming wants Raynor to help them." People dont use this often.
This isn't a great idea in my experience. Usually if I am up against one of those heroes as Rexxar I can bully them hard out of soak and often even straight up kill them. It's very easy for Rexxar to deny ZJ specifically from getting stacks because he doesnt even have to use Misha. ZJ has crap waveclear and his sustain is very expensive.
You can buff the second one to be good then. Heroes killed by Garrosh don't respawn.
Rexxar's Q/AA build with [[Taking Flight]] and [[Aspect of the Hawk]] is very underrated. There are times where you won't get value out of aspect of the Hawk, but that is pretty rare. [[Aspect of the Beast]] is definitely a great talent that competes with taking fight and is a good pick, but not a must pick. [[Glacial Spike]] on Kel'Thuzad is a horrifically bad talent. You should never take this. You will never get value out of the bonus damage on the explosion (which isnt even that high) because it takes 4 seconds to detonate. Effectively you are talenting into 8 seconds of CDR on a 30 second CD ability that you honestly probably won't need every 22 seconds anyway. On top of that it competes with Chilling Touch, a great burst increase and a slow to help you set up combos, and Accelerated Decay. Both of these are straight damage increases. [[Arcane Echoes]] is also horrible. If you are going Q build with Frost Blast it makes more sense to talent into [[Hungering Cold]].
Kel'Thuzad, Rexxar, Jaina. I dont play Jaina that often since like 2017 but she is still very high above Tyrande in fourth place iirc.
62% win rate on Kel'Thuzad in draft is definitely very good. I'm level 248 with him and one trick at masters and its hard to get a win rate higher than that unless you vastly outskill your opponents. Most people pick Frost Blast because they dont know how to combo and think it is easier. Since its recent buffs I do think it's a legitimate option. You can use it as a combo extender and its damage isnt horrible compared to Shadow Fissure. Yes you can also use it to lock down heroes like Illidan, Genji, and Tracer. Against Illidan I think it depends on the situation since it's often better to blow him up. Genji literally cannot use Dragon Blade while rooted, so Kel'Thuzad can actually force him to waste most of his ultimate with Frost Blast and Frost Nova. Tracer is a free kill if she doesnt recall out of Frost Blast since you can basically 100-0 her without Shadow Fissure. It gets better value if you have other competent damage dealers on your team
I definitely agree with this fellow Braxis enthusiast. Braxis Holdout is my favorite and highest win rate map. If you could queue for specific maps, you would play like the same three maps all day.
That's how I felt when the double Shadow Fissure combo was removed and Frost blast was buffed lol
His waveclear is horrible without it. I dont see how you could reasonably play the hero without using that ability. Not to mention it's fantastic in chokes and very good if someone is CCd.
The movespeed is completely insane really and is one of the reason why Cho'Gall has been absurdly strong since last patch, and hes going to be stronger now.
One of the biggest issues with Deathwing is that he cannot be peeled by CC. Reducing his health makes him easier to bully off your backline through dealing damage to him.
Johanna, ETC, Mal'ganis, Garrosh. I think Anub is also good but those 4 are probably the strongest. Uther is also good as a tank in many situations. Diablo imo isnt in a great sport right now. I see a lot of people listing him here, but I really really disagree.
I mostly agree with this post but disagree entirely about Destroyer form. The nerfs they implemented this patch are fine. Deathwing's winrate is not artificially inflated because people draft too many counters. That's one of the most ridiculous things I've ever heard. Deathwing has consistently had a high win rate against his counters because he has been broken OP. Hes also extremely easy to play, requiring basically no effort to have a high win rate with him. Day 1 people were picking him in SL with 0 games played and easily winning. His kit is simplistic and not difficult to utilize at all, and he is far harder to play around than he is to play as. I dont think nerfing his AA damage would have been anywhere near an impactful enough nerf to the hero. It also affects his auto attack talents, immediately making them less desirable. By nerfing his health, it becomes harder for him to just E into fights in Destroyer and get so much heat wave value. Health nerfs to heroes who want to stay in a fight are always extremely impactful in this way. It also makes sitting back in world breaker before engaging more appealing.
Alarak untouched? First off, Alarak was nerfed many times and no longer has a high win rate. Second, Alarak screws up once in the late game and hes done. Especially after 20 if he was using hasty bargain, the hero literally becomes useless.
They wont do it because they probably disliked how that talent worked. Let's be honest, it was a little bit problematic compared to its competitors. Of course no Maiev mains will like this nerf, but that doesnt mean it was healthy.
I agree. I think wards should be more common. I do miss scouting drone. I wonder how strong it would be if a lot of healers just had a ward as a base ability.
Because reddit hive mind has horrible balance ideas. That idea is at least not as bad as allowing him to be stunned by 25% duration lol.
Just so you know, most smurfs dont throw games to get to a lower rank. If you just play brawls to level or even some QM you will place bronze in ranked. Moat smurfs are also not created for bronze to GM, but to play different heroes they dont play on their main.
Yeah. Fresh accounts always will place in bronze. Low silver the highest only if you have played a lot of QM and won. If you just play brawls your mmr will be seeded in bronze.
How does that dispute what I said at all? You a placed low silver. You also played AI, which may seed to QM and then to ranked. Brawl has no mmr.
We have already figured out placing people high isnt a good idea. A long time ago you could play your 20 placement matches and land up to like diamond 3. A lot of people who had no idea what they were doing but got lucky in placements would place D3 and it made that rank horrible. Since the new ranked system, you play 3 placements, but your mmr continues to be more volatile for many games afterward, giving you 500+ points for wins and 500- points for losses.
It is seeded. That's why if you want to place bronze, you must play brawls only because brawls dont have mmr. Steps to reproduce: create an account Go to brawl Play until level 50 Play 3 ranked matches Depending on how many you win or lose you will place bronze or low silver.
That's interesting. I did similar recently and it took me many more games. I had times when my entire history was pretty much green and was still getting less than 300 points.
But when they dont nerf them people complain constantly. **cries in Kel'Thuzad**
Maiev will be fine lol. Her base kit and other talents are still strong.
lol I know that. &amp;#x200B; &gt;**HAD NO REASON TO BE REMOVED ENTIRELY** &amp;#x200B; Is something I'm not so sure I agree with. Yes, it was a cool and unique playstyle. That doesn't mean Maiev one shotting multiple people was really healthy. Had they just nerfed it, no one would pick it. It is harder and more awkward to use. Wouldn't be worth it for less damage.
Maiev has more ways to deal with CC than most other melee assassins though. She isnt particularly weak to CC compared to her peers.
I'm sorry but you cant be that unaware of what I'm saying. I know you get it. Cleave build could never one shot heroes. It just cant. You get CDR on cleave and extra damage based on hitting multiple targets. You're upset because Maiev's cheesy ez one shot talent was removed. She could eliminate multiple backline with one pull if you had enough stacks. It was ridiculous. Blizzard do not like having one shot burst in the game usually. Very few heroes are capable of fast 100-0s like that, especially before 20. Zeratul is one that does have such capability, but honestly I find it much harder to execute a 100-0 with twilight falls than with cruel chain.
&gt;He has almost no counter-play for the further person being chained Anyone who says this must be like plat or lower. KTZ is one of the easiest heroes to hard counter in the entire game just through draft. Uther, Medivh, and even Ana basically negate the entire hero with low effort. Lunara destroys him as well. The entire gameplay of the hero is also somewhat countered by positioning better and side stepping. The furthest person is usually not the one who is already CCd, they just arent paying enough attention to side step.
You really dont need to. Locust build, imo, still sucks. Abathur is drastically weaker in fights the entire game and gets basically nothing from Locust build until level 16, which is waaay too late for it to matter usually.
Unfortunately a lot of that information is outdated. The warhead nukes were adjusted many times and also do not do increased damage in the center anymore. Garden of Terror was completely reworked and Alterac wasnt released when that was written. Something that isnt included is that the webweavers get a large powerspike after the 15 minute mark. Scaling on objectives is pretty much all over the place as you can see and is generally not overly important to playing the game.
Nazeebo still can. There are many many heroes who *can* solo boss. It's just usually not a good idea to do. Cain can solo boss, for example. It's not even hard to do. But it will take multiple minutes. Valla can solo boss though kiting. Vikings can, Kharazim probably can. People listed all of the other good ones.
it should be on someone like cairne with low range and mobility and would gave to be a large part of the power pie
Why? Its very clear it's not a role queue. They explained it in depth when it came out, it's called preferred role in game, and it doesnt lock you to picking only certain heroes. It's sad how many people *think* it is a role queue despite it obviously not being that. There is no place for a role queue in a game with such dynamic team comps. It would also make queues 10 years long.
No, it doesn't. Hanamura is probably the least snowbally 2 lane map and one of the less snowbally maps in the game. The payload, like the BHB ship, is completely indefensible damage to your structures. If you arent in a position to contest it, you will take damage. Luckily, the payload does very little damage, so you can skip one easily if you are behind and take camps/soak the opposite lane. Camps on Hanamura (and minion waves) give a ton of xp compared to other maps, meaning it is easy to catch up to the other team since xp is more effective when you are behind due to each level requiring much more xp. The minions will come to you and you will end up on even talent tiers with the enemy. The other team can only really invade your camps when they have a talent tier or man advantage. Even if they get them though, it's not a massive deal. Say the enemy team invades and takes your sentinel. Well, unlike the payload, the sentinel is completely defensible. With your team, you can often kill it before it even does any substantial damage. You can even tank it and prevent it from doing any real damage at all. The fact that the mercs are stronger, but still easily defensible is exactly what makes it not snowball out of control.
To learn new heroes and play with friends. Most masters players probably arent looking to stomp lower ranked players. Maybe they are for a bit, but I promise that stomping gets old pretty fast.
Ugh. The original balancing of Tomb was so awful. Games regularly went to 30 minutes.
I dont think it's a big deal if you only like one playstyle of Sonya. Leap is an excellent ult, imo it's better than Wrath because it's a free unstoppable engage or escape on such a short CD you can use it whenever. I always am more concerned when the enemy Sonya has leap because it allows her to jump on a squishy for free and do massive damage to them.
Because if there are fort turrets or wells up, the immortal will go bot.
Tomb was the first map introduced to have a pushing objective in all 3 lanes simultaneously. When the map was first released, the webweavers simply didn't scale well enough into the late game. Keep in mind that their health degrades as they move forward and the amount of gems needed to summon them progressively increases. The map was fine until it got to the late game. Close matches would basically never end because heroes could clear the web weavers well enough to defend their core and turn ins become harder and harder to achieve. So what happens is that teams tend to push their lanes out a little and turtle to get gems. 40 minute games were pretty common. What they ended up doing was adding a large scaling increase to the web weavers health and damage at the 15 minute mark. This is still in the game as far as I know. Turning in at 15 minutes is much better than at 14. They also later did a pass on scaling numbers for things in the game in general (heroes, mercs, etc). So things are just balanced differently now.
For most people, a half an hour queue means not being able to play though. I know I dont have half an hour to wait except on weekends.
At some point increased slow is worth it. I thought Kel'Thuzad's [[Icy Grasp]] was garbage, until they increased it to a 55% slow lol.
It increases queues for everyone, not just for the person that uses it. Say there are 12 players queuing for a masters game. Player 1 has player 2, and 5 avoided. Player 2 has player 3 and 4 avoided. Player 3 has 1 and 5 avoided. Player 3 cannot be on a team with player 1 or player 5 and player 1 cannot be with player 5 either. See how quickly this arises?
I noticed this just a few weeks ago for the first time. I've permanently used Azmodunk since its release, so never noticed. But on my smurf where I recently started playing Azmodan, I noticed the Q seemed faster. Just thought I was going nuts though.
Another issue I have with Medivh's portals is that often I will spam it and it still doesnt place. It's hard to know why this is. Maybe I'm clicking too close to a fort or terrain, but imo it should still place it in the nearest possible space to my cursor.
Laughing about what? Hes gotten screwed over a bunch of times by basically constant nerfs since his release, removing his ability to chain to structures, gutting Shadow Fissure's damage. He's basically harder to play, worse Jaina with a conditional interrupt.
Serious problems does not mean I thought they were too strong. Fright was a stupid talent. Since they removed the ability for the slow to stack, it became one of the most boring talents in the entire game imo. It just competed against an inconsistent talent and a bad talent, so was obviously still the most popular. At least Chaotic Assault is interesting, but they still are going to need to look at backbiter and allegrissimo. Ancestral Strength just completely eclipsed growing nightmare by design. One of those talents would always have been better than the other. Lurking Terror was an extremely interesting talent when Orphea was released. Unfortunately they decided to gut that too, saying they had plans for how to make it interesting later. Well over a year later and now its finally been changed. They tried to fix Orphea's issues by repeatedly altering the good and interesting ones and buffing the bad ones. Now finally it looks like they are changing things more substantially, but they really need to just delete and redo several of her talents because they are poorly designed from the ground up.
&gt;It boggles my mind that his absorbs/mitigation isn't neutral focused. For both spell and physical. I'm a little bit confused by this. [[Devotion]] absolutely gives allies general armor that works against physical and spell damage. Uther as a solo healer is amazing against burst focused teams. You save your allies from their long CD burst and you press your advantage. His burst protection is some of the best in the game. You don't want Uther as a solo healer for sustained fights because he just cant deal with that. It doesnt mean he isnt a healer, hes healing far more than Medivh and Tassadar that's for sure.
It seems they left mirror matches on since Deathwing released.
No. It's the same as it has always been. If one team has a healer, the other team must have *at least* one healer. Similar rules are in place for other roles.
Everything is displayed in the bnet launcher already
If Thrall got the movespeed baseline at 7 it would be OP yeah. It's very good on Cho'gall. I'd definitely call it OP. It makes him impossible to get away from and impossible to chase. It's also applied to two heroes effectively. Its not as good on ETC because ETC isnt going to delete your backline.
If you've played a lot of games in bronze and dont move up, then you dont deserve to move up. Getting out of bronze is extremely easy. Blaming your teammates for everything will get you nowhere at all. You can post replays here. There are lots of master players on this subreddit that probably would review a replay. But it doesn't seem like you have the attitude to improve anyway.
Wow that Starcraft 6 editor really gives players a lot of creative options.
Its spell damage. Blade dance is physical damage.
The Medivh on my team who was soaking xp
Yeah you can optimize that stuff, but LiLi is still the easiest healer to play by far. Comparing that complexity to other heroes and they have a lot more depth and a higher skill floor as well.
Probius' Q and W scale at 5%, but not his E damage or ults. Pyroblast. Butcher's and Cho's health scale at 4.5%. Misha's scales at 4.75%. Kel'Thuzad's abilities all scale at 2.5%, Azmodan's globe scales at 2.5% also. Ming's magic missiles scale at 3.5%, her orb at 3%, calamity at 3%, and her ultimates at 5%. The health of Murky's pufferfish scales at 5.5%
You would be surprised. I know many examples where it seemed like someone was a bot and they really were not.
Shadow Fissure does 0 damage to non-heroic targets. Also that's literally the only reason to take bladestorm. Its damage is lower than his autos by a large amount.
His ability to burst kill really only starts to go down at like level 23 in my opinion. His talents at level 16 and 20 definitely compensate for his scaling.
Expected for months? I'm pretty sure this was up for Deathwing's release, iirc even before actually.
Its interesting because they are still making new mounts pretty regularly. I'm surprised they don't just do recolors.
I think these changes are too much and would actually be a nerf to Locust Swarm. All the heroic probably needs is a lower CD. Anub is somewhat squishy, so a survivability heroic should be valuable to him. But having a CD longer than Blessed Shield means it isnt up for him whenever he needs it. Moving the healing to the end is bad for Anub. He is a dive focused tank. The primary way I've always used Swarm is by popping it when I dive into the enemy team and using the healing to keep me alive. It allows him to take a large amount of focus fire for a long period of time. His health pool is also very small at 2100. If it healed at the end of the effect there would be a lot more situations where you just die before you get the healing value. Part of the reason why adaptation works on Dehaka is that he has a lot of health and a button that makes him invulnerable on demand. Swarm also has a 2 second longer duration. I would guess that Anub would be forced to save his abilities to disengage half way through his heroic to make sure he gets the healing, which is much worse than the current version that allows you to actually stay in the fight despite being the lowest health tank in the game. You also get even less healing than now if you are forced to disengage. Also, I personally like that it works on non-heroic units as well. It differentiates it from Carrion Swarm and also adds another component to the ability which gives it more value in certain situations like around Infernal Shrines or on Tomb. You are trading this for more damage and healing to CCd enemies, but I'm not sure that outweighs this nerf in the situations where you currently want to use this heroic.
I'm very liberal but I dont think that the bias of MSNBC does anyone any favors. News should not be biased, it should be impartial and report on the facts. By being so left-leaning, they open up a lot of room for people to say they are lying, untrue stories, just as bad as Fox, etc. Anyone reasonable can make their own decisions from an impartial source and see what they should support. But the constant noise from biased news sources undermines the American press.
Or just fix the obviously broken level 13 that seems completely responsible for her win rate and see what happens.
Yeah I'm not talking about only the bug. I think untouchable is OP. Even if it wasn't bugged its obviously by far the strongest talent on that tier and needs to be nerfed. On the other hand, telefrag is like one of the worst talents I've seen in a while.
Yeah I agree. I personally never thought Hammer was that good in Brawl (in fact her win rate on heroes profile wasn't that good in brawl, it was pretty average). With all of the ranged poke mages, especially Azmo and Chromie, it should be fine. I dont think any heroes should be unavailable in a "random" mode. It just takes away from the concept.
This doesn't teach anyone anything.
Well they did nerf Symmetra who's like the least played hero. :(
Moira relies on the range to refill her healing. Its integral to how she functions as a healer.
Bring back Symm's beam problem solved?
I know this
I think that could be interesting but having 100% uptime on chaining to allied structures would make diving a KT under towers pretty much impossible and would be extremely strong on defense. It would have to be a talent also.
Is the change to Righteous Flame really a buff? Uts a functionality shift in general but sometimes the old version was quite strong. A few times I had an Arthas on my team and it was just gross with lashing out. Moving saintly greatstaff down to 7 still seems like a death sentence for the talent because now it competes with intercession. I thought scarlet wrath could've competed with cleanse, but it was way over nerfed. I agree that the radiance buff is oddly executed. Maybe giving spell power for some seconds at 3 stacks of desperation would be a better direction.
I enjoyed Tyrande most in Beta and right after launch. When I could play her as a healer, I could build to do damage if I was a secknd support, I could set up kills for my team, and the owl build was still kinda a meme but I got useful value out of it from ranger and Empower. There were no infinite quests, no elunes chosen, and I wasn't bound to one role. I don't want ranged assassin Tyrande with meme quests. I want to play a Tyrande that actually has a good talent tree, with actual playstyle and role diversity. Her current talent tree honestly sucks. One of the worst reworks for diversity I've seen ever.
Because its in the description of [[Light of Elune]]. Its not part of the talent in a way.
Yeah I said it was oppressive in the post. I dont really think it would be on a 50 second cooldown though. They could do that to ice cold.
I just did over 90k damage with Viking dps build in brawl OPOP
I dont understand why everyone is saying Reaper can't be added because Valla has his ult. Beyond spinning to deal damage, the abilities are not the same. Strafe deals damage to enemies in a long range around Valla and she moves quickly. Its almost a mobility ult because you dont have to stutter step. It isnt an AoE. She fires a certain number of bolts which are distributed among heroes in range. It cannot target one single hero with all bolts. Death Blossom is a very short range, short duration ability. I does massive damage to enemies that are close to Reaper. Its an AoE spell centered around the hero that does damage to all enemies. He moves at much slower speed while using this ultimate, meaning he must get very close to use it.
But doesn't Overwatch music always randomly play? Its part of the soundtrack.
In OW she is generally disliked because of how she changes the game. In a high mobility high energy game like Overwatch, a hero that literally slows everything down is going to be annoying and frustrating to players. Her left click freezes you after a few seconds, which is a full stun. You basically can't duel her at short range. Once you are frozen she can simply line up a headshot on you and kill you with her right click. If she is close to dying, she has an ice block that also heals her fully. She also has an ice wall which can easily be used to troll teammates.
Mei is literally a climatologist researching control of the weather and climate change.
You can try to do this on Alterac but you're going to lose.
I wonder how much health Stitches would need to become meta. It would be interesting to see them increase his health by like 100 every month.
I agree that beetle build and locust swarm are strong in SL. But I still feel like going epicenter and rewind is better at 16 and 20. With rewind, you get more beetles anyway. CCing people for that long most likely means your team is going to kill them, or you will with acid drenched mandibles.
Most heroes have abilities that they don't have in their respective games though. Gameplay matters more and Force Wall is a unique CC. Blizzard tries to give every mage some sort of CC so it makes sense for him to have the wall.
&gt;Also can Clemency heal for the same amount as Inquisition? Blizzard forgot to buff Clemency's heal to match Inquisition's damage when they kept changing her numbers. They didn't forget. It was done on purpose to give the player more of a reason to channel Inquisition over using Clemency. Anyway I dont really think Whitemane really needs mana return. Her only real weaknesses are her being CCd or going oom over a long fight. Other than that her healing output is ridiculous.
At the time everyone was complaining about how the AA build was best and the primary gameplay was becoming Q, 1, Q for 3 zeals and no desperation cost. The W build was not doing well. To encourage channeling the W more, Pity the Frail was buffed and the damage on Inquisition was increased in the same patch. &gt;We believe the buffs to Inquisition should make it feel much better to use Is even the dev comment. I always thought from that comment and from their responses on the Whitemane threads it was the obvious reason they only buffed Inquisition.
They should make the terrors dance at core.
It's the serious Xenoblade players that recommend removing Sharla and say she sucks. I thinm what they dont realize is that if you are underleveled or don't know how to stat your characters well (which is completely normal for how obtuse gem crafting and affinity can be) Sharla is very helpful at pushing your team through.
&gt;Its not viable to a team paying attention or knows how to deal with it. Even if that was the case, people are terrible in brawl so it's going to work. But really most of the time the enemy team isn't going to be able to push in that fast because of draft. Imo if they send two people back you're winning, because three people cannot possibly push into your building against 4.
One of the reasons I dont play him is because of how hard and stressful it is to play him for the reward. There are situations where Illidan is good, but you do have to play well to make him worth it. But I did used to play Illidan a lot. I think part of what made it less fun for me were the nerfs to meta. Meta used to feel like a power up ability. Now its a glorified blink. It doesnt fit the WCIII fantasy or the demon hunter fantasy at all. What should be one of the coolest transformation abilities is now one of the most boring ults in the entire game. I dont even know what the point of it transforming him and changing his model even is anymore, because it doesn't provide any real stat boost that isn't already obvious (getting health is obvious because it can be seen by enemies on the health bar). Its ridiculous that it would be more visually clear if meta didn't change his model until 20.
People ask for Rein and Orisa because they want tanks. Orisa is like the most boring hero in OW from a personality and design perspective even though her kit is effective. If they implement Mei as a tank I'd certainly be interested in seeing it.
Lunar Sylvanas already uses gold effects. Why those aren't on the high elf skin as well is beyond my understanding.
Pick Leoric. Tell your team just to defend as 4 and not die. Wraith walk to the enemy keep because that is further away so if someone tries to stop you they can't also fight your team. Go behind the keep so you don't get hit by the front towers. Spam right click and Q on it until it dies and use W if someone comes to stop you. Use W to rez faster also. Basically you will respawn so fast its like you never died. Your respawn is shorter than most heroes abilities so you have a big advantage. After you get the keep you can go for the fort or you could rejoin your team. I recommend you go for the fort though as your team will probably be two or three levels behind. Your goal is to finish the fort before your team loses their keep. Once the fort is dead just go to core and end the game. Sometimes its possible for your team to get past and join you at core by destroying the side wall on the keep wall. Don't go for the walls or towers as leo. You dont need to kill them. Once the fort and keep are dead the core is vulnerable, so you will win with some time.
There are third person games even today that have some segments with fixed camera angles. To be honest I really hate fixed camera and think it makes you feel more disconnected from the game. &gt;I also recently played through the first DMC game again and while I love it and do think the fixed camera helps the mood, holy crap is it frustrating when the camera changes direction and your controls completely switch. I DEFINITELY agree with this. The camera in DMC 1 stopped me from enjoying the game at all. Having rooms where the camera angle just completely snaps to a different location while you are walking and fighting is just awful. There were points where I got "stuck" moving between two angles while I was trying to fight an enemy and died because I couldn't stop turning away.
I dont disagree. Metamorphosis is "good." But from a design stand point its horrible. It doesnt fit the fantasy of metamorphosis at all. It used to. I think it needs to be completely reworked.
A lot of people who play brawl are just really really bad at the game. They become confused why they are losing and get angry, blame allied picks and talents, etc.
Its a difficult area so you may end up having to grind there anyway. As the other poster said, there is going to be a point of no return at some point in the game a bit before the final boss. While you are warned, I dont feel the warning adequately portrays that you *cannot save or go to any areas anymore after that point.* So all of your grinding needs to be done before that or you will have to revert to an old save.
Chain attacks have a multiplier for every time you use the same color art. As you get more arts and party members it becomes easier. Grey let's you switch colors without breaking the multiplier. As your affinity increases, you have a higher chance for chain attacks to go longer. The B button prompt is for burst affinity (I think its called that). Basically it fills your party gauge and increases the tension of party members in the battle. It also increases your affinity between characters. This is like a permanent thing that increases over the course of the game.
Ironically in Halo 5 war zone the game matches groups of 10 in a clan against solos and you lose.
I think maybe you aren't realizing how broken something like spirit link really is. Absorbing 50% of the damage they take is like doubling their health. Cairne cannot have strong sustain because otherwise you get into a situation where he can keep it indefinitely with a healer behind him. The ability to do this is so powerful that I'd imagine its why we haven't seen it on a hero already.
I think you could queue in any size. Then they slowly limited it. For a while it was duo.
I didn't say I want ranged Illidan. But currently there is no reason for his model to even change during the ult because it doesnt change illidan mechanically at all anymore. Just give it something, more damage, attack speed, CC reduction, eye beams. I dont really care what. But it shouldn't be a blink. I think it would be fine to remove the blink portion and give it some actual power back beyone more mobility, which he already has tons of.
How does that fix anything? Unranked is the worst mode with a tiny population and no matchmaking bounds. This is the mode where masters will play with bronze regularly.
D.Va the new Aatrox
Those officers didn't resign in support of the officers that pushed the guy though. It was because the union wasn't covering them.
Its not a threat at all. They are thinking about quitting because of the dangers of stopping riots. A lot of officers in NY have been attacked and injured during the protests.
That's simply untrue though. As the above poster said, they resigned from the task force because they are afraid the union won't cover them if they happen to be accused of something, whether they actually did wrong or not.
Their damage is still inconsistent and not a constant threat.
Did they really? I wonder why they would even do such a thing? I still call Malfurion Furion because of WCIII.
I agree that it is a strong talent but at level 16 its clearly not a strong enough factor to pick Tyrande, because she's one of the least played heroes in the game.
Its not 1.25, it would be .75 seconds when you would see your armor start to decay.
Idk I thought CE released in the best state. It was pretty much identical to the xbox MCC. Halo Reach had a lot of broken audio issues and the unlocked framerate works very poorly.
He does not do anything remotely mechanically challenging at all. He even gets ganked and dies. All he does is wall between lanes and hit minions by pressing QWE, which eventually results in winning. He is not even doing this strategy optimally because he passes 1 hp heroes that he could kill with right click. If someone can't do that, obviously they aren't going to rank up because they don't deserve to.
His team is holding on 4v5 because they are up three levels and all of the lanes have pressure from minions and catapults.
I dont agree. His weak early game makes him a liability on that map. It often ends early and denies him time to scale. He provides pretty much nothing besides being able to rotate top. You won't win bot with Zera, you can't clear the zerg because you take too much damage, you can't double soak, and you can't solo lane. Its probably his worst map by a large margin.
If you replaced Fan with a bronze he probably would've gotten ganked constantly, not double soaked, missed a ton of soak and stacks, and bee a liability.
The reason I asked is because I can't remember or fins anything suggesting they plan to rework Butcher.
Pick the extra range on drain hope at level 7. None of those heroes are ever going to beat Artanis in a 1 on 1. Very few heroes can. Land your W on him and kite him. Get fealty unto death so you can sustain off minion deaths as well. He shouldn't be able to kill you if you play well.
Vikings
Seat swapping takes away from the skill of using vehicles/s
Most Naz players also have this tendency to way overstep into a fight and believe they won't get punished.
Raynor imo. He can basically do anything. He has sustain, he can macro well. That's really all you need in QM. But Ray is also great in fights, his Q is so good at keeping him alive and peeling for teammates. He has more range than other heroes, making him very safe.
I've thought about this before. But I think the problem is, how do you actually learn to play on the expanded map pool if you haven't played on them at your previous rank. You rank up and suddenly you are thrown two more maps you dont play and then you lose and rank down again.
Anti-air wraith I think
Its the same as it is on the Xbox MCC version of Halo 3 from what I've played.
Halo 2 A was an Xbox one game, so it looks a lot better. Halo 3 does look better than the xbox original, but yeah its from 2007.
Yeah I'd be careful referencing the win rate of monstro in masters and saying its good. Considering the popularity difference, its not surprising the win rate is higher. Most of the time its getting picked is probably in cheesy strats and against teams that really screwed up and drafted no macro.
Overall I think there are a lot of solid ideas here. I really like giving symbiote more value on more heroes. Prolific dispersal at 1 is probably a pretty good idea. Bigger carapace shield on structures in place of MULE could be good. There are also things I dont like much though. Armor on Symbiote imo is pretty throwaway. I guess all it does it make it harder to kill him with globals but honestly thats one of the few ways to actually force him to be careful, so I dont really like it. I dont like most of the changes to toxic nests. Giving them a slow and damage over time is probably a good change and will make them less "OP" for low ranked players that die in mine fields. First, I do think aba should be forced to cancel symbiote if he wants to cast nests. Its part of the skill of playing the hero. I also don't like removing the dismount. To me it's a very weird mechanic because all damage in HotS dismounts heroes. I get you are trying to make them more useful in fights, but even with something like envenomed nest and vile nest it isnt going to work. They are just so easily destroyed or triggered early on when it doesn't matter. Also I think you improved is busted. In general I dislike the "gain all level x talents" talents from a design standpoint, because it limits the power you can give them and the talent itself.
NA and EU are separate regions. So the only way you can play with EU players is if you switch your region from the login screen or bnet launcher.
If you are plat 5 you can leave some games in draft to get to gold 1 and then play together.
Because people play her and aren't impactful. Same as heroes like Hanzo.
I played a lot of Diablo in the beta. Iirc his Q always had a ministun no matter what, so it was easy to combo.
Weird to include things like Ren and Stimpy and Catdog but not Jimmy Neutron or Timmy.
I'm not a new Whitemane player, I've played her a lot since her release, but I have gotten pretty used to reworked Whitemane. The best build on her is Pity the Frail, Martyrdom, Intercession, Divine Reckoning, Subjugation, Shared Punishment, and either Judgement Day or Purge at 20. At level 16 the W synergy is really nuts. Zeal people and drop E W on whoever is most threatening (any diver is screwed) or even on the tank. If your team is in big trouble, spam plea on everyone (including yourself), R D E W on their damage dealer. Watch your team go to full hp and your mana go back up. Then you get your W back again from Pity, so its always up when you need it. Try to avoid using clemency in combat since its healing is lower than Inquisition. You can of course use it to apply a zeal for free if you are oom or to clear desperation, or if you cant step up to W. Activating Zeal to secure a kill with your damage on a target is pretty much always worth it assuming you aren't in danger. Scarlet Aegis isn't as good in my opinion but it is viable. Obviously there are situations where it is better. Against big CC and burst wombos you can use it to save people. Kel'Thuzad, for example, can't kill people through Aegis but might be able to kill someone before Reckoning's healing kicks in. Scarlet Crusade at 20 is also OP against these kind of teams since it gives AoE unstoppable.
I scrolled through most of the comments in this thread and there ars very few people saying the new one is better. It has objective issues. Almost anyone can see that. But its pretty obvious that they can just use Reach's tracker for technical reasons and design reasons. But to be honest, for me the Reach one had a different problem. I wasn't really able to notice it in game. Its so small and grey that it easily gets lost and blends in.
I actually think Jaina's decrease in wr is due to the new meta assassins. Orphea and Tassadar got massive buffs and fill the same role. They have high win rates and are very popular. Since you usually don't take two mages, the win rates of other mages potentially can decrease. She also had her Ice Lance build nerfed a few months ago.
&gt;I doubt realistically you could have 100% up time on it even if it did start the cool down when used. It used to work like this. It was changed in this patch. https://news.blizzard.com/en-us/heroes-of-the-storm/20554028 Honestly it was completely busted even then. With Tassadar as a ranged damage and Twilight Archon as his strongest level 20 *by far* I see no reason to revert this change. It basically removes a lot of counterplay to waiting for Archon to wear off if he can just use it again.
There is a tank in devopment but they didn't specify whether the next hero is a tank or not. Mei could be a tank but probably makes more sense as a bruiser if she is very faithful to Overwatch. In Overwatch she is classified as damage and is a tanky dps.
Reckoning is far stronger and consistently gets better value in my opinion. The range is a strong aspect compared to Aegis. Aegis simply can't hit people who are far away. Imo the healing potential across your team is also higher. 40 armor is stronger in some situations like obvious instant burst since Reckoning does have a delay. Reckoning is far better against dive though. If you cast it where the other team is trying to go, they are going to end up eating it and be slowed by Inquisition. A good Whitemane can spam a zeal out on everyone, ensuring team healing. The damage is also very good. Its kind of like double value since while you heal your team, you are dealing a lot of damage to the people trying to engage. The mana return is also a big deal. Knowing you have another source of mana lets you be much more liberal. Right before casting reckoning, or even during the cast if you aren't using W, you can spend so much mana and restore it.
&gt;The devs always say that heroes need to be fun to play against. No. They just try to avoid them crossing this imaginary "salt wall" where people end up getting extremely frustrated when a hero goes past it. Fun to play against is very subjective. There are a lot of heroes I dont think are fun to play against, like Uther mashing his no skill point and click E and AoE R to stun lock you until you are dead, or Illidan with an Aba hat. At least Medivh has interesting abilities to watch and requires extremely high skill to get value. So just think about that.
I think a lot is going to depend on how good and reliable E into W stun works
That's not a delay though. Its an instant cast 80% slow that you can cancel like Anub E. If you can press E twice and push them into W I think it will be good. W stun has two second delay and stacking slow, so I think heroes without high mobility cannot escape this.
To be honest, I think the snow and fog effects could be an interesting mechanic. The weather effects should happen at set times on the map and be predictable (I have no idea if this is or isn't the case yet). &amp;#x200B; The rain one though (which occurs on more maps than the other two) just seems really toxic and random. Even if it operated on set timers it just seems completely nuts. Random mechanics shouldn't have a place in HotS.
Yeah they did. Honestly I wish they tried harder with D.Va. She was alright at her lauch, immediately nerfed into obscurity, and never touched again. I really don't understand why they never tried to address her core issues. Instead she is getting a full kit rework.
Mei has extremely long CDs. Her mobility is not that high, unless you think Blaze and Anub are high mobility tanks.
https://youtu.be/oHMOYSdiPUo "Imperius leads the charge as an all in bruiser that punishes enemy heroes with strong single-target damage." They are going to have to make Mei a viable tank or she is going to never be played, because I can't see myself picking a hero with no damage and no waveclear as offlaner. Have to try it in a real game I suppose.
I felt like it had too much overlap with the plasma pistol
&gt;It only discouraged offensive so active freezing, you do understand that. Before the change, soak range was 12. You could literally soak from complete safety to the middle of the lane. Idk why you are going on about this offensive lane freezing when doing that in the old system was already near impossible on most maps AND put you at a massive risk at high levels of play. There are very few matchups which are so dominant that one could even do that. And for ranged heroes it was jjst irrelevant because they just kill the wave with their ridiculous abilities.
"I don't play for stacks."
Yeah this is most likely
&gt;Preferably in the direction of having him be affected by all three, given that he ignores friendly effects from allies and I think trying to convince me the sky is my ally will be a hard sell. Deathwing is supposed to be immune to all friendly effects (beneficial effects), as per his trait. He definitely should be immune to all three for consistency (rain is basically a lightning shield anyway). He is also immune to things like the cavalry buffs. The hero isn't balanced to have bonus movespeed or shields.
If they wanted to boost they would have a gold 5, because that's the lowest rank a diamond could play with for mmr to still be taken into account.
&gt;Everyone benefits form shields by the same fixed amount (even though low hp characters make better use of that shield). No they don't. Heroes who have armor get far more benefit out of shields. Heroes who can stay out of combat more easily will gain shields whereas heroes who constantly take damage won't. Heroes with the ability to break shields are buffed by this relative to everyone else. Stealthed heroes get literally no benefit from the stealth anomaly at all. In fact, it makes Valeera and Samuro potentially more annoying to play because it can be difficult to reveal these heroes. Tracer basically can't target anyone in stealth unless she hits them with a pulse bomb. LiLi also can't reveal stealth, etc. &gt;Heroes that grant movespeed actually effectively grant 0 movespeed while the anomaly is active... The movespeed increase is 25%. I dont think a single hero has a base movement speed buff of this amount or higher. So every hero will get some buff. All heroes also get the AoE damage.
Before if you jumped behind a fort you would get aggro from the two front towers and the fort, which would reduce your armor to -20 immediately. Now you only have the fort aggroing you with -10 armor per hit and less damage. It also doesnt even have the slow anymore.
Only if he doesn't anticipate them and doesn't have his defensives available
You have to try to dodge his tongue. Getting hit by it can be a death sentence. But it has a big delay making it easy to sidestep. If your entire team turns on him he is killable. Watch what ult he takes and if he used his essence and burrow already. You have to force him to use these before you can kill him, or you have to literally 100-0 him in one CC, which is hard.
Sprint isn't about players moving too slow. Its a gameplay mechanic with actual implications. The speed *differential* is a small part of that.
Halo 1-3 still exist and I still love playing them. But I have no problem with them changing up the mechanics.
I mean obviously yes. But what I'm saying is that people on this sub always make the very bad argument that sprint makes a game worse because "look its actually bigger maps to make up for it so really you end up moving slower" and use it to disregard everything else when really that doesn’t "objectively prove" sprint is bad like they think.
Its appealing to people to have mechanics change. Halo 3 is my favorite Halo game, but I enjoyed Halo 5 mp a lot because of this new gameplay. Its like asking why did Halo 2 need dual wielding? Surely they could've implemented more damage in a power up in many ways to have the same effect except you would also be able to use grenades. Plus it made weapon balancing very hard. They added it because they wanted to mix things up. You can ask this about thousands of different mechanics that have been added to games. I dont think the multiplayer gameplay of the original trilogy would attract a new young audience in 2020. I want Halo to grow and succeed, not remain stagnant. I've seen people cite DOOMs multiplayer as a good example of modern shooter without sprint. That multiplayer died in like a month.
Its very sad that Kel has been in the game 3 years and still has yet to receive a skin. On top of that he can't even use flying mounts for some reason. He is one of the least customizable heroes in the game.
These are literally all large buffs to Murky, who is a fairly balanced hero. &gt;What would happen if we removed the channel from spawning egg? You are removing a lot of counterplay from Murky by doing this. Any Murky who has a semblance of map awareness can instantly move his egg if someone is destroying it because its now an instant cast. You basically would have to kill Murky before killing his egg, which is just ridiculous. In order for Murky to get any real kit buffs and have a better talent tree, A Fishy Deal (Bribe for those who don't know) absolutely has to be nerfed. This talent is so strong, especially against low level players but even in all games, and its a large part of where frustration from the hero comes. It has dominated his level 1 talents since his rework by a large margin. In fact its not even close. If you sort for last 3 patches on heroes profile its going to be the highest popularity by far and its usually the highest win rate talent as well. Imo its the strongest bribe in the game by far. He needs to kill only 8 minions to bribe a merc, meaning he can do an easy camp in just 3 waves. &gt;Revert Octograb so it always stuns for 3 seconds. This is the biggest change of the entire post. This is also removing counterplay that they purposely added to the ability. Without a cleanse on the other team, you are just giving a hero a point and click 3 second guaranteed stun that doesnt require any skill to use. Its fine to add this to the level 20, which kinda sucks. But as base functionality its not going to go over well. I think that buff to egg shell isn't even enough. That talent really sucks. It probably needs to be reworked.
Anyone who is diamond will blow through silver with 70+% win rate easily.
Its pretty hard because Nintendo doesn't have many black mascots. Twintelle is the only one I can really think of and I understand why they chose Min Min instead.
Because its a unique mechanic so it will automatically be banned. Smash community is very boring. They won't want to play on any stage that requires different thinking.
Of course his chances are the same. He is either slated for development or he isnt. Not having spring man be the character (who imo it clearly wasn't because teasing an arms fighter and then just doing spring man would've disappointed people) doesn't "hurt the chances" of assist trophies becoming fighters by any logic. People here are pretty crazy with their "rules."
That is NOT how you make a logical argument. This is why these "rules" people come up with and harp on are so stupid. There is no real reason characters who are referenced in the gams in some capacity cannot become playable fighters. Thinking otherwise is pretty ridiculous. Its especially ridiculous for spirits, who dont even have smash-specific art assets made.
Idk if Urbosa or Elma are black. Elma especially is very questionable, even moreso if you've played the game. Doc Louis and Marina aren't really viable, at least for ultimate. I doubt they will add Pokémon gym leaders as fighters.
Well more specifically is that it's too similar to the original in bad ways. The remaster takes all of the horrible stuff and doesn't change anything.
Same. It seems quite bad.
No this is entirely different. Since April, this only applied to the best match functionality. Now there are no other options. You queue NA and you are put on a server. I already played several games on west with 100+ ping.
1. They didn't cut any servers 2. Blizzard always prioritizes west because its near their HQ.
Its funny I started doing this a month or so ago. I'm using grave golem portraits until mines comes back.
I see no point to Haunted Mines if they get rid of the mines. It's the whole gimmick and the reason so many love the map.
I played mines a lot and never encountered game breaking bugs. That isn't to say they didn't exist, but it wasn't a common occurrence.
It starts when the heroes spawn in
Yes it is. No one wants their game dodged. A lot of players perceive that something is a troll pick when it really isn't. You can win with anything at most ranks in SL, so giving up at draft isn't an attitude that people look at fondly. Also you have to leave multiple games to get leaver queue. It isnt a first time punishment.
There were a lot of complaints about Rain when it released actually. Nobody really liked that it was rng-based and a lot of people noted it would be garbage because you had to channel it for 7 seconds. Of course they were right.
Well stealth heroes also lose value on stealth maps because anyone can have stealth (especially Valeera, who cant use her openers on untargetable heroes). &amp;#x200B; So that's 10 maps
&gt;I have a serious fear that the frame loss issues are going to mitigate any sort of playercount gains from having Mei in the game I doubt it will. I'm sure most people aren't having unplayable framerate drops.
It just sounds like you are blaming your losses on this. Plenty of people solo queue and have the same or higher rank in SL.
Doing damage to protected targets still counts as dealing damage. Its just like a big shield. As far as I know, doing damage to Chen during stagger also should still heal from things that lifesteal.
Leoric can easily "beat" Yrel in a solo lane. When she tries to come in and clear the wave, just W her. Yrel's damage isn't very high, so she will trade poorly into this. I recommend you take Fealty Unto Death as well. You will then also have infinite mana and Yrel does not. Leoric also has far better waveclear than Yrel. So you can clear the wave with Kneel, Peasants, W her while you auto it down, and then just rotate to another lane and clear that one as well. You really don't have to 1v1 her. Also if you go AA build he shreds her late game as well.
No. I actually prefer mid draft bans. I was disappointed they listened to reddit and moved the second ban to the first ban phase.
My advice is to not trade with Yrel's autos. You dont have to 1v1 her. You go clear wave, she also wants to clear wave. W her. If she tries to knock you back, you can simply press E. If she moves back to break the W that's fine because that's time she could be clearing the wave. But you are just clearing the wave and moving on. Yrel doesn't double soak as well in the early game as Leoric with kneel peasants so you can have a rotational advantage even if her team doesn't miss soak. Q, auto backline and do empowered auto on the frontline minions. The 1v1 match-up itself isn't super relevant to this gameplay. If you are on a map where the 1v1 is more important like Braxis, always make sure you are kiting while drain hope is active. When the wave comes you should clear it immediately for the free sustain from fealty. If she has holy avenger, do your best to dodge the E (probably with wraith walk) because it does a lot of damage. A skilled Leo in the early game shouldn't really lose this in my opinion.
You will get two stacks instead of one
Its a feature. Everyone who is connected to the game will always see everything exactly the same. If your connection is unstable, you will appear to drop frames, but there will never be any rubber banding or other weird things.
She cant even double soak. Her clear is bad and she runs oom in like 2 minutes
It doesnt matter if you do or dont. Game isnt playable
Welll there already is an option to enable scoring. But trust me, no one wants a branching story from Halo. The reason people like to replay the missions are because they offer consistent action set pieces you can play through over and over. Its like an arcade game. Not every game has to be open. Its all the buzz the past few years but there are actually a lot of people that genuinely do not like that type of gameplay. Personally, I always want linear experiences that I can play through that offer the same experience. I'm not saying there shouldn't be slightly different paths in a level (reach already offered this).
If you are bronze 5 on one account and end up going straight back to bronze 5 on a brand new account, its a you problem. If you are not careful you will be back stuck in the pit again.
