Those weren't introduced by Kennedy. They're the same thing as the greenbacks that supposedly got Lincoln killed and they actually predate the federal reserve notes by like 60 years. They were produced continuously from the end of the civil war through 1971, nine years after Kennedy was shot. And they're fiat currency. They were produced as an alternative to gold backed currency.
The government doesn't pay interest on any money. The fed loans the currency to banks who then loan it out to people and businesses. Any profits from the fed go automatically to the Department of the Treasury, which is who was printing the US notes in the first place. Unless we're missing some big pieces of the conspiracy, I can't really conceive of either how killing Kennedy would stop the production of US notes, or why stopping the US notes would be critical to any particular conspiracy.
You don't need to commit a federal crime just to avoid an awkward situation. There are plenty of legal ways to find out without owning up to forgetting. You could start with a white pages reverse address search.
Scientists don't say that. Elon musk says that and he's talking out his ass.
Workers aren't protected from retaliatory dismissal for organizing so that's not so likely.
Actually, if you examine your own reasoning you'll find that biology has nothing to do with your justification of these practices. Rather, your arguments are vaguely sociological and backed up by an appeal to majority and a naturalistic fallacy ("it is therefore it must/should be")
Ok I haven't seen you argue that here yet but we can address that too while we're at it. I feel you're failed to address at least two key points that would really flesh out your argument. One: in what specific fashion is liking something a function of our biology? And to what extent a function of psychological and social factors? Two: how does our tending to the cravings caused by our biology actually constitute a complete justification of the action? Do we not still need to take account of who is hurt by our actions when we're making choices about how to gratify or sustain ourselves? It's hard to overstate the importance of those those two steps in the logical chain that would bridge the liking of meat to the morality of killing a meat-bearer. In fact, without them, your argument so far basically boils down to "I want meat," which is not so much an argument as a lunch suggestion. I'm not even a vegetarian. I ate 10 pork tacos today. I'm just wondering why you think moral reasoning needs to shut off as soon as we start talking about what we eat "because biology." Here's my take: It's apparent that cultures have persisted for thousands of years both without and with the practice of eating meat. What makes eating meat different than any of a whole range of acts that our biology makes possible and that our body finds gratifying or sustaining or that increase our reproductive odds? Humans can survive on a wide range of diets, so for 99% of people, it's not an issue of starving to death but of personal preference in the way we tend to our needs. Invoking biology here is like throwing a shroud over the consequences of our own actions by making our actions part of some other big unchangeable fact of life.
It's not just cooking! It's an all-around traditional skills channel.
In what way has it "worked?" North Korea's position has always been that north and south should be reunited under DPRK control. Kim hasn't changed tack, he's just rehashing a 60 year old position.
Horse and other manure needs to be cured for several months in the sun or in the heat of a significant compost pile before it can be safely used to fertilize crops. Horse manure is definitely the safest of the common types of livestock manure but people don't just throw fresh horse shit on top of their crops right before harvest, so there's definitely more than one step being cut out here.
Petroleum exposure causes damage to the liver. It's probable there's more to it than the drinking.
If it wasn't good for you, why would they call it dope?
Sounds fake. Why would they keep using the same "god the mother" line when it makes them so easy to identify? There are actual christian cults that use that line and it's much more likely it's unrelated to human trafficking.
Telling thousands of people that innocent but weird cultists are kidnappers and slave traders is not "better safe than sorry." I'm glad you called the authorities on this one but posting your speculations here just causes people to panic and it could create a situation where someone attacks one of them.
No leader, forever &lt;3
It's pretty easy to admire some labiae when you're goin in face first. They're mostly pretty great whatever shape they happen to be.
GW is Dubya. You're thinking of George HW.
The update seems to have broken the game (and sometimes even the OS) for thousands of android users though. I can no longer open it on my device. Some users are reporting andoid OS crashes and totall loss of all internet connectivity on their devices after updating.
Tried already. Game loads once, crashes on google play sign in and then goes back to the original problem.
Like I said, I'm ok waiting for the fix. I just wish they would have posted a brief update before they called it quits for the day.
The product worked on these devices before and doesn't after an update. Seems like a software developer problem.
Every day a th11 isn't upgrading to th12 could be another war that their clan has no siege machines and is left at a huge disadvantage. Folks are racing to th12 right now to stay competitive in war.
Yeah checking for OS updates was like the third thing i tried. I'm already up to date.
The latest fix from 3 or 4 PM EST fixed it for me. Did it solve the issue for you as well?
An optional update came out a few hours ago that (mostly) fixed the issue for me. You can download it manually in the google play store.
Cultural marxism isn't a coherent ideology practiced by anybody. It's just a catch all term that the right uses to lump together any identity politics that aren't centered around their own identity.
I've known communists who joined the army. Part of the game plan of communism is to join proletarian dependent institutions and spread communism from within. Hugo Chavez built his original following as a secret communist organizer within the venezuelan army. It's not much more inconsistent than a communist having a job within a capitalist venture.
Every president has always been able to change enforcement guidelines. What does this have to do with Obama?
You're not arguing coherently. In setting his own guidelines for the enforcement of federal law, Obama did what all presidents already had the power to do and had already been doing. There was no door to open in the first place and references to other presidents are no more than diversionary. Having a predecessor who chose to maintain the status quo on immigration enforcement would in no way have erased the current president's ability or will to direct law enforcement in the way that he wanted to.
I've been following you in this thread and I think it's a shame how these fair-weather freedom fighters won't listen to reason. Anyone who's been following the struggle of undocumented migrants for longer than the current administration should know that the criminalization of migrants, the militarization of our southern border, and the proliferation of long-term extrajudicial internment of migrants in massive secret federal facilities are all long-term issues that have been steadily worsening for decades under every single president in recent memory regardless of party. If you just woke up to the inhumanity of US immigration law, then that's a good thing. Welcome to the struggle, but please listen with an open mind to the people who tell you the path we're walking down with Trump is the one we've always been on. This is what America has always been and any opposition that stops at Trump's own policies falls short of what we need to achieve true justice. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qu-duTWccyI
It's morbidly fascinating to me that he made his nazi look like a Jewish caricature.
All cats are beautiful &lt;3
Yeah he's totally throwing out a lot of subtle nods to his q fans. I'm just saying a denial wouldn't end the conspiracy.
One modern equivalent is blocking highways and railways. It's been a fairly common tactic of the left for like a century now but there hasn't been a "whole city shutdown" general strike in quite some time like there used to be in the heyday of the labor movement. There's less exposure to criminal charges compared to vandalizing millions of dollars worth of product but the loss of productivity is massive. It's telling that the media is always relatively quiet about this form of protest but it always draws a swift reaction, whether that be in the form of crackdowns or concessions.
Who is protesting immigration? There are hundreds of thousands protesting from diverse backgrounds and political tendencies, so I'm sure it's possible some of them are upset about immigration policies. However, none of the movement's demands have anything to do with immigration, despite broadening from "repeal the gas tax" to other economic issues (e.g. "tax the rich" and "and the ouster of Macron). It kind of seems like you're just projecting your own views onto the movement. Could you provide some evidence that this anti-immigrant sentiment is driving these protests? Protest signs, graffiti, or interviews with protesters will do. Bonus points if your evidence shows that these ideals have a broad base of support within the movement.
Sounds like a lot of socialistic demands and not a lot of nationalism. The only vaguely nationalistic ideas are deporting asylum seekers whose applications are rejected and actively helping immigrants to assimilate into french culture and ideas. Then on the other hand they demand that the country help out asylum seekers and that immigrants and french territorial residents get equal pay to native french citizens. That's just good old multi-ethnic french left wing republicanism.
Lower taxes on the working class. They specifically demand that the wealthy tax evaders be forced to pay their fair share and that the taxation system become more progressive (earn more, pay a higher %). They also want higher taxes on large businesses.
Neoloberalism isn't a leftist ideology. It's the ideology that underlies the modern democratic and republican parties in the US and most major parties in europe.
They didn't organize any marches. The marches were organized by the people who attended them.
Maybe we do it to prove our electoral system is utterly broken. If everyone just votes for two parties anyway it looks like the system is working just fine and all the smug duplicitous democrats will keep on maintaining the status quo.
Yeah buy they don't so my third party vote is going to MAKE them support voting reform.
Dems are only doing that because of their failure to win over those third party votes. If all the stein voters had just voted democrat you can bet that Clinton would be building the wall right now (whether she called it a wall or not).
All the greens voted in the democratic primary, as always. Don't act like we don't know what the fuck were doing.
I'm not saying they didn't do anything on facebook. I'm just saying that the actual marches were organized weeks in advance by local, established activists. You can't organize a march all the way from russia just by making a fake facebook event. There need to be actual personal connections to get people to show up. The marches that happened on election night all over the country were spontaneous demonstrations that propagated through the same person-to-person networks that have been driving leftist street organization since the 90s.
Wait, which population was bred for medical use?
And turnips, and radishes, wasabi, bok choy, horseradish, watercress, and canola oil.
You don't get to speak in these situations. Asking questions is noncompliance and will result in punitive measures.
There's definitely a specialty milk market. You can buy $10 a gallon grass fed milk at wal mart and I see home grown milks going for a lot more than that at local farmers markets.
What if I told you that surgeons are a type of doctor.
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Surgeon https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Physician https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Doctor_(title) A doctor is anyone with a doctorate degree. Medical doctors are called physicians and surgeons are medical doctors who have specialized in surgery.
A surgeon is a type medical doctor, buddy. You keep forgetting what we're talking about so I'm gonna leave it here. I hope you're ok.
I'm not sure if you've done this intentionally, but the question you're asking seems to be mismatched to the claim this guy is making. I looked up the thread, and the commenter acknowledges elsewhere that there were deaths caused by the government's response to the protests but that they didn't occur in the square and didn't amount to a massacre, which is an entirely different claim than "the protest didn't happen." If you want people to do research for you to debunk stuff, you need to put in the effort to accurately state the claim you want debunked. "Massacre" is a political term so I'm not going to get into what it means or whether it applies, but I'd like to clear up some of the misconceptions and give a bit more of a complete answer than "of course it happened," or "it's western propaganda." I'm sure nobody wants to hear this because it's nitpicky and semantic, but here we go: the commonly accepted account of events is that there were in fact no deaths in Tiananmen Square but that somewhere between 241 (according to the Chinese government) and 3,000 people (according to the British ambassador at the time), including 12-24 soldiers and police, died in other parts of the Beijing on the 4th of May and in other cities over the next few days as government forces cleared the streets of protesters and roadblocks. The square itself was cleared early in the morning on the 5th when the students "agreed" at gunpoint to leave after an all night standoff and while protesters who straggled were beaten, there are no reported deaths from this phase of the protest. Probably 99% of people who have any knowledge of the incident would agree with this bare-bones account, including the Chinese and US governments, CBS news, and the aforementioned ambassador. The deaths that happened in the streets were unfortunate and unnecessary but this also isn't a case of people being lined up against a wall and shot just to have them out of the way as the term massacre sometimes implies. Government forces encountered resistance in the streets and suffered casualties of their own. Vehicles burned; soldiers were surrounded and in a few instances beaten to death by the crowds. There's a commonly recounted story about a group of protesters capturing a tripod mounted machine gun from the army and being talked out of using it by student leaders of the protest. I don't want to sound like I'm justifying the actions of the Chinese government. I just want to explain the nuances of the situation. The truth lies somewhere in the massive space between "nothing happened May 5th" and "unprovoked slaughter a la Kent State x1000."
433,000 people a day ride marta, even with its limited reach. 12% of those people live outside the marta service area and use marta to avoid in town traffic. Those numbers will surely grow as service expands to new areas and fills in gaps in the existing service area.
Thanks!
You know you don't have to say that you're not providing legal advice, right? That's just a thing lawyers say to avoid liability and the appearance of an attorney-client relationship. The same rules and ethical considerations don't apply to you so can say whatever you want about the law as long as you don't start doing court filings for people or trying to represent them in court. Even if you were a lawyer, informing people about the law and stating your opinions about it are perfectly kosher anyway. It would only be a problem if you were dispensing actionable advice on people's specific situations. If you can't provide a link to the actual federal code section under which posting that video would be a criminal offense, the only conclusion we can draw is that you don't really know what you're claiming to know and are either making it up or stubbornly misremebering something that you never really did your due diligence to research and understand.
Did you seriously just link him to a wiki explaining the concept of anti-terror legislation? We all know that anti-terror laws exist.
&gt; Or someone takes something I say about those laws as aiding &amp; abetting terrorism, and I get a visit from a passel of Virginia Farmboys™ with ill-tailored suits. Are you OK? Do you really think the CIA is going to come find you because you informed some people that something was against the law and provided a citation? Is this some sort of paranoid fantasy you've cooked up to shield yourself from doing 30 seconds of google research and finding out you were wrong? &gt; Until someone takes something I say as legal advice, gets harmed, and then sues me. How, pray tell, do you propose that someone is going to get harmed by you informing the of the law? Imagine walking in on a friend smoking pot and saying "hey, just FYI that's a misdemeanor under sec xx of title x of the NY code." There is literally no way by any fantastical chain of events that actionable harm could be the result of hearing that statement. Also, if you're not a lawyer and don't claim to be then people have no justification for relying on your advice in any legal action they may or may not take. It just feels like you're playing some weird game to avoid actually talking about this and it's not very fun for me. I'm going to stop asking because I know you can't provide the proof I'm asking for. It doesn't exist. You were wrong. I don't know why you couldn't just do this on your own like four comments ago but I'm going to go ahead and google that for you. [https://www.google.com/search?&amp;q=is+the+christchurch+video+legal+in+the+us](https://www.google.com/search?&amp;q=is+the+christchurch+video+legal+in+the+us)
You must think you're living in a spy thriller or something. Intelligence and law enforcement don't give a shit about what some retiree is doing on reddit. They don't give a shit about what happens online except insofar as it relates to actual real world threats. The CIA doesn't show up at activists' doors unless they're suspected of smuggling classified military documents or working with foreign intelligence. The FBI doesn't show up at activists' doors unless they're suspected of stockpiling weapons. They watch online and even IRL infiltrate some groups they deem to be an actual threat, but you're never going to see them unless you're getting arrested for something really, really serious. Take that from someone who's been resisting fascism in real life for well over a decade. I've seen comrades wind up in prison for their activism. So no, I don't think it's super entertaining to watch some old coot pat himself on the back for the HuGe RiSk he's taking by using reddit's report feature. The fact that you're speaking so openly about how powerful people are after you shows that your concern isn't genuine. It's all just about playing coy and seeming important so we don't have to get back to the original topic of you being wrong about whether videos of mass shootings are legal in the US. And all this because you can't be arsed to look up the laws to back up your own wild claims. You should see a doctor because you're exhibiting some seriously disordered thinking. Delusions of grandeur/persecution, idiosyncratic speech, and perception of patterns/connections where none exist can be early warning signs of schizophrenia.
The Indian government is the one paying the bounty. “DFID funded doctor” in this instance means an employee of the Indian government, which misappropriated British foreign aid that was meant to go to providing access to reversible contraceptives.
a third party vote sends a stronger message. vote for trump and the establishment democrats will think they just need to pivot even harder to the right to stay relevant. vote third party and they'll realize their progressive wing is at risk of splitting off an pivot left to retain them.
barack obama was all about expanding executive power once he got into office. he had cabinet members claiming executive privilege to avoid complying with congressional subpoenas. he pushed right ahead with pretty much every element of the 'imperial presidency' agenda of the bush administration and did his best to make the other branches of government irrelevant. i think he's a superbly bad choice for the supreme court.
i really don't know how to respond to that without seeing the paper they're referring to but they've unfortunately failed to source it. the only words they quote from the actual paper are 'complex human rights and ethical issues,' and presumably the general topic is something about climate but i'm just not able to find it with those search terms. the guardian adds the words 'forced population control' and the commentary that the paper justifies it, but how can we know this for ourselves if we can't see the language of the actual paper? an organization like dfid might put out dozens of papers in a year. i've searched a couple that i found at the top of the google results and couldn't find the quoted words anywhere. if you want to dig it up or ask the guardian to provide it, go ahead. what's happening in india is incredibly fucked up and the failure of the dfid to implement controls on how their money would be spent is a huge scandal. trying to tie forced sterilization, a hugely controversial practice in the indian government that goes back to the 1970s, to the dfid's recent climate agenda is a huge stretch. forced sterilization has a long, scary history tracing back to the beginning of the 20th century and stretching all across the world. the motives have typically been eugenics, ethnic cleansing, and the elimination of economically burdensome underclasses. these motives are still at play. i don't even see how the poorest women in india would have a big enough carbon footprint to make them relevant to the climate discussion. https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Compulsory_sterilization#India
unit 731 just had a heated gaming moment.
Aranha pernuda. https://www.gobiologo.com.br/2016/01/aranhas-mais-comuns-em-residencias.html?m=1 Tambem chamamos a mesma os opiliões. Sorry if my Portuguese is bad. I don’t really speak it.
Tetris
I think you misunderstand the role of the military within the executive branch. Top military brass absolutely are involved heavily in advising the president on foreign relations and this kind of possible intervention or covert action is often brought to the attention of the president by the military in the first place. The military may not get the final say, but that’s absolutely not to say they lack their own initiative or that they can’t forward agendas of their own within the executive branch.
you don't know that. you're imagining the scenario that best soothes your own conscience.
i don't think you understand how the word 'quagmire' is used. quagmire literally means a swamp where the ground is not stable. figuratively, it means 'somewhere you might get stuck if you try to go there.' vietnam is full of literal quagmires, and also was a quagmire for the us during their attempted occupation. you can't just say the middle east 'is a quagmire' without talking about who it is that got stuck there. it just isn't a coherent line of thought. iraq was a quagmire for the us. afghanistan has been a quagmire for the us and ussr. the middle east as a whole has a few countries in it that are quagmires for the us armed forces or intelligence agencies and is full of potential quagmires should the us attempt another occupation, but to speak of it in future sense it would be correct to use 'will be a quagmire' or 'could be a quagmire.'
funny, i don't remember a whole lot of sectarian violence going on there in 2002.
so you're just going to list every violent incident in recent pre-war iraqi history and claim they're all sectarian violence? there was plenty of state repression, and a whole war, and a violent political schism within the kurdish regional government, but popular *sectarian* violence never rose to the levels we've seen recently, with the notable exception of the *first* shia uprising in '91 which began during the first US invasion of iraq.
he funded militias in iraq that resisted the occupation. it's no crime to kill an occupier. sympathy to their families.
they'll retaliate in some way to the attack against them and trump will raise the stakes again. rinse and repeat and we'll see how far it goes. the us lost troops invading and occupying a foreign country. iran had every right to fund and arm militias against that occupation, just as the us funds and arms militias all over the world. it's not terrorism to kill occupying troops. the murderers are the men who sent them there.
the website he linked to is pretty ridiculous but the actual incident is well documented and was reported in nyt and haaretz. the fbi report on it is available online along with redacted versions of the photos they took. https://www.haaretz.com/1.5396918 https://abcnews.go.com/2020/story?id=123885 tl;dr 5 israeli men seen dancing and taking pictures in front of the towers burning in the background were arrested and questioned by the fbi. they claimed to be students but at least two of them have links to israeli intellgence.
here are some better sources for you https://www.haaretz.com/1.5396918 https://abcnews.go.com/2020/story?id=123885
between them and iran i think they could pretty well handle it if there were no other hostile factions involved, especially since the kurdish stronghold to the north has its own defensive capabilities independent of iraq's central government. the us only has a few thousand troops there and they're pretty much only involved in training and security. even during the peak of the campaign against isis there, the us only really provided air support. there are plenty of other countries that ought to be dedicated enough to the fight against isis to help out in that regard. eu members, russia, china, or even syria, as their own conflict comes to a close, would all be eager to accept an invitation to enhance their global standing by stepping in where the us failed. also, iraq and iran both have their own air forces and between them probably about 250 aircraft capable of being put into rotation to provide air support.
the numbers i've always heard are a 65-30-5 split between shi'a, sunni, and 'other demoninations and religions.'
from another perspective, he was not the one making war. he was participating in conflicts that already existed and forcefully exerting a counterbalance to western efforts to 'extend' their own 'spheres of influence.' why must iran sit on their hands while players from all over the world have their hands in all kinds of matters in the region?
my ex girlfriend attempted suicide a few months after a conversion disorder diagnosis related to non-epileptic seizures. the seizures were scary enough when they started but when we found out there was no detectable neurological cause for them it was so disorienting.
name a major violent sunni vs shia incident that occurred between 1600 and 1900. as far as i can tell there have been numerous periods of relative peace in the middle east and sectarian violence has not been worse there than in europe until the 20th century.
for someone who's not an american and seems to not support military involvement in the middle east, you sure exhibit word for word the exact same ignorant colonialism that fuels americans' support of the wars there. the middle east has not been especially more violent than europe throughout their history. they, like europe, have often enjoyed periods of relative peace punctuated by wars and by the rise and fall of empires. european history in the first half of the 20th century saw both of the bloodiest wars in human history, in which the middle east played only a marginal role, yet americans are blind to this and they see europe as the paragon of peaceful development. the second half of the 20th century saw unprecedented peace in much of europe as nations, formed of their own will and forged in the fire of centuries of war, finally saw the limits of what human conflict can accomplish. meanwhile in the middle east, the ottoman empire, which had reigned in relative peace over much of the region for centuries, was sliced up into 'nations' with nonsensical boundaries drawn without regard for the numerous cultural and religious identities of the people who lived there, then handed to kings selected from influential families, whose governments predictably fell apart and left arabs scrambling to pick up the pieces and forge their own national identities, not on their own terms as in europe, but in a period marked by crisis and domination by stronger powers. that is the root of the middle east's reputation as a violent place today. sunni and shia have not had an unbroken millenium and a half of violence against one another. up until the latter half of the 20th century they had, as did christians, a turbulent start and a distant history of sectarian violence overshadowed by a long record of peaceful coexistence.
well russia is clearly the top contender in that department. eu countries don't have as much total worldwide force projection as the untied states but asking them to match what the us has been providing in iraq over the last five years would be doable for france or a small coalition. eu countries have been involved all over the middle east, africa, and south asia in recent decades and they're pretty much all already members of the coalition against isis. i don't think it's a stretch to say they're one of the potential alternatives. china might be a little out of left field but they have the capabilities to provide what the us has been providing if there were mutual will for it between iran and china.
what has been the motivation of the eu in the previous fight against isis or against extremism in africa and the middle east in general? that is your answer. china isn't a top contender as i said, but they do have the capability even if they have no clear motives other than sticking it to the us.
Guess what! China offered military assistance to Iraq this morning. No specifics yet but I think it’s pretty clear now that any question of whether they have a “motive” is moot. Projecting power and taking over a position of influence once held by the US is its own reward. https://mobile.twitter.com/rudawenglish/status/1214170432603086853?s=21
There is specific Islamic procedure for a burial at sea, which they claimed to follow. They never claimed Islam *required* burial at sea. Their explanation for a burial at sea was to prevent people from being able to visit his grave or turn it into a shrine.
You said that Washington said it. It’s your entire post.
no one ever said it, but you claim washington did. you said that washington said a burial at sea is the standard/traditional muslim burial, even though they never said that. how many times do we have to go around in circles before you comprehend the words you're reading? their explanation for burying osama at sea is so there is not a grave site. they said they conducted his burial at sea in line with the islamic customs for a burial at sea in order to avoid allegations that they had desecrated the corpse by not giving it a proper burial. that's suspect for obvious reasons, but if you want to bring it up, do it in good faith, not by disingenuously misinterpreting the official story in a stupid, easily debunked way that makes us all look stupid.
No. That is far from likely and we’d be seeing huge repercussions within the marines if that were the case. The only particularly likely scenario is that the letter is real and in concordance with orders from the highest levels in the military but was never supposed to be released to the public. However, it does not say “we are beginning to withdraw.” It says us forces are repositioning to enable a shorter timescale to withdrawal if that order comes. It was meant to soothe the ire of the Iraqi government and not to be seen by the US public. That’s why it was sent to the Iraqi government despite later protests from the JCS chairman that it was only a “draft” after it went public. Now the administration will bluster about how it’s a mistake and we were never actually going to do that, while the military continues to do exactly what the letter describes, until actual withdrawal comes at a later date once things have hopefully calmed down or god forbid they overcorrect and blunder into another unwinnable war.
it doesn't.
there's not a word about lockerbie in this tweet. why are you trying to trick us?
how many subs are you going to post this lie in? there's nothing in the tweet about lockerbie. trump is playing up american grievances about 52 hostages, so rouhani countered with iran's grievance about the 290 civilians killed when the united states shot down a civilian airliner in the persian gulf when there was not even a hint of a threat to the us navy there.
uh ok i guess.
dude. stop lying to people. you've posted in at least six subs falsely claiming that rouhani has confirmed iranian responsibility for the lockerbie bombing based on his tweet memorializing iran air 655. i'm not the type of person to ask this usually, but are you literally getting paid by the state department to do this?
uh, except for the ones killed by us-funded saddam hussein and us-funded militias, and the ones who died in the coup against mossadegh. by your own logic, iran hasn't killed a single american since it wasn't their uniformed armed forces pulling the trigger. that puts us at 290 to 0. your move.
i feel like once you have a society made up of species with such differently scaled life cycles you would have established species-specific ages of consent. old or not, he's still a baby.
“Open season on Americans“ is a bit hysterical. NPR had correspondents on the ground during the funeral and memorial rallies (the ones with the “death to America” chants). They didn’t hide their identities and were interviewing people while introducing themselves as Americans and receiving very civil responses.
You’re right that sheep aren’t bred to have an “unnaural” amount of wool so much as they’re bred for specific qualities of that wool. However, wild and legacy sheep varieties either shed or peel their coat off in one piece by rubbing on a tree. Many domestic breeds have lost that ability due to not needing it, making them dependent on being shorn.
You don’t know the left. I was involved in real on the ground leftist organizing when Obama came into office and we had him pegged as a neoliberal war monger long before the election. We were in the streets when he murdered awlaki’s kid. The people you’re talking about are *liberals,* who are too spineless and pliable to pin down with any real, uncompromising convictions and will gladly follow neoliberals (neoconservative is a recent coinage based on the older concept of a neoliberal and I consider them to be a subset of neoliberal) holding either red or blue banners. Most American “conservatives” are liberals, as are most American “progressives.” We’re mad about the soleimani killing on the left because it doesn’t promote peace. It’s like if you were trying to get your drunk friend out of a bar and he went off and decked a bartender, got kicked out, and then acted like everything is fine because you wanted him out of the bar in the first place. If the administration wanted to pull out, it would have just pulled out. It didn’t need to get kicked out. It didn’t need to empower a fundamentalist theocracy by driving the Iraqi government into their arms. They clearly aren’t acting in good faith.
Uh no. Iraq has a unicameral legislature which means there’s no other body that votes on legislation passed by parliament. The resolution may be nonbinding, but it is fully enacted. The Prime Minister agreed with the resolution (though he was not bound to comply) and transmitted parliament’s demand to the US.
What part is contradicted by the article? I didn’t see anything contrary in the article, though admittedly I only skimmed it since it’s just an editorial and I already know where Buchanan is coming from for the most part. My info on Iraq comes from reading the news and following Iraqi politics, not from American editorials. Read the constitution if you want more info. The president signs the laws in Iraq, but it’s just a formality since executive power ultimately lies with the prime minister. It’s not like the US where it doesn’t become law if it isn’t signed. Anything their only house of parliament passes automatically becomes law. https://www.constituteproject.org/constitution/Iraq_2005.pdf?lang=en
Man at first I thought you were just typing “mister meaner” as a joke but now I’m not so sure...
john bolton is a bad person and i don't trust him not to lie to protect trump, even after his whole charade of initially not wanting to testify.
how has he been a mysterious character? he's been a part of every republican administration since reagan and is widely considered by our allies to have been our worst ambassador ever to the united nations. his belief in american exceptionalism and unilateralism is well documented, as well as his willingness to lie to promote those goals. he's shown his stripes plenty and if he does turn out to be a red herring witness then hyping up his testimony can only hurt the case for impeachment. stay calm and demand every witness we can get.
he spoke publicly regularly during his time in the second bush administration. he's been a fox news contributor for fourteen years and can still be seen on air there with some regularity even during his term as national security advisor. he's spoken regularly at conferences and university graduations and the like and has led several prominent think tanks and pacs. he's definitely less mysterious than the average trump administration official.
yeah? in what year? an old guy i know was talking shit about people demanding $15 an hour the other day because he 'only made $1.99 at his first job.' shut him up real quick when i explained to him that his $1.99 is worth $18 today.
then we should dismantle the government.
i used to be into dumpster diving with my friends and political colleagues. you can get thrown in jail for that today. it's happened to several of us. besides, all the major grocery stores have switched to trash compactors and around 2012 it became so commonplace in my area for the smaller chains to padlock their dumpsters that it was no longer worthwhile to go.
they have the world to gain if they can get the us into a war with none of its allies backing it.
$6k in 1989 is nearly $13k today which must have been very difficult to live on with children. $6k in 2009 is $7200 today and utterly unlivable without heavy public assistance unless you’re living rent free and getting free meals.
Where is the reference to Lockerbie in that tweet? He only references IR655 which was shot down by the US Navy, killing 290.
Why do you think it was Iran? What motive do they have to attack Ukraine?
Accidentally is definitely a possibility, but intentionally “in order to respond against the US” does not strike me as likely at all. Iran has nothing to gain and everything to lose from this.
When did they say the were going to shoot down a few plane?
If you think SA and Israel would use false flags to keep us there, what makes you think the shootdown wasn’t the false flag attack?
what's that, like two patients?
what does that have to do with anything? it's a pretty cool thing to do, but that doesn't change how disturbing it is that it needed to be done in the first place. pointing that out doesn't diminish or invalidate the act of kindness.
so you got $150 a person while your aunt got $160 a person, unless you rounded hers up. that sounds like your mom and your aunt got almost exactly the same level of public assistance in terms of ebt. going by the number you gave for 1989, it sounds like you received ebt in the amount of more than 53% of your mother's pre-assistance income. even assuming she didn't receive any other form of assistance such as housing assistance or subsidized healthcare, i'd count that as pretty heavy public assistance.
you can tell he's a boomer by how he ends every comment with a winky face emoticon.
none of that would matter that much if russia and china were to hypothetically intervene in a hypothetical solo us offensive in iran. a hypothetical defensive coalition of russia and china could hypothetically reinforce and resupply by air or via the caspian sea, with the pla stopping over in russia. if the hypothetical coalition grew to include azerbaijan, or decided to violate their territory, then any troops able to get to russia could just take the e119 highway or any of a number of other surface routes. china could also, with some difficulty, attempt to establish a foothold in afghanistan's wakhan panhandle, which they border directly, or try their hand at diplomacy with any of the 'stan' countries to see if they could find a peaceful route through that way. they wouldn't even really have to win the war per se. public will for even a limited war against a weaker enemy is lacking in the us and the public would flip their shit at the prospect of having to fight two countries with modern military equipment, a nearly 5-1 population advantage, and a 3-1 active duty personnel advantage. now, all of this is very unlikely but it's an excellent reason for the united states to watch their fucking step in asia if pursuing unilateral action that may alienate their allies. what's more likely in the case of a hot war between the us and iran is massive support to insurgents to bleed them dry.
you didn't say anything about making more in 2009 than in 1989. you just said the income was 6k. seven hundred percent doesn't come into play anywhere here unless your mom was making 42k by then. i feel like you're just making up numbers to save face now.
learn to read. if it fits the narrative of the source we should be more skeptical than if it doesn't.
they are the investigators. every country is responsible for investigating incidents in their own airspace and any international investigators they invite is a favor to the other countries effected.
let's all just take western intelligence at their word here and not wait to see the evidence ourselves. they've never been wrong or lied to further ulterior interests before.
as in 'why'd you prop up a drug-running dictator for years and then suddenly decide to invade an ostensibly allied country to kidnap him and try him under a system of laws that has no jurisdiction in that country?' 'just 'cause'
when did iran attack our embassy?
Rental scooters aren’t the commons. This is the tragedy of leaving your shit all over the place and expecting other people to clean up after you.
Sorry, I didn’t realize the scooters were publicly owned.
Rental isn’t sharing. This is a tragedy of leaving private property laying around unattended.
Are you blind? The California fire map does not in any way match up with the proposed rail corridor other than around LA, where the entire county is highlighted. Having two maps that are zoomed in differently makes it easy to mislead people like this but the rail corridor runs almost entirely through the Central Valley which has been almost untouched by the fires, which primarily affect the hills. Flatland in California is almost entirely cleared farmland.
Yeah but you also need a pc even if you have an Xbox. You have to fit both consoles into the difference between a shitty pc and a gaming pc, not just into the price of the gaming pc.
There’s plenty of evidence now, sure. What did you gain from jumping to conclusions in the first hour that we don’t have now?
they're all here, getting shit on for taking three days to come to a conclusion you all jumped to in three seconds.
they wouldn't have invited investigators from other countries if they intended to hide it.
no. most of the victims were iranian. canadian was the second most represented nationality due to their large population of iranian immigrants.
what are you even saying? we know that now. some people speculated that before. evidence trickled out to the public that made it about 99% certain by friday afternoon. and yet people were on here minutes after the crash treating it as a foregone conclusion and shitting all over the people who said they wanted to wait for evidence and presented alternate hypotheses.
source it
after your edit in parentheses, i see what you mean by 'it.' 'iran jumped to conclusions so it's ok that i jumped to conclusions, too' is a pretty shit take, but ok.
try again. you claimed 'iran was violating the deal long before trump.' july 2019 is a full 14 months after the us pulled out of the treaty, which iran argues voids the entire agreement. where's the evidence there was any violation before the us pulled out?
thanks. that's something at least. keep in mind that the heavy water limit under the deal is 130 tons so they were only ever over by about 20 gallons, which is easily explained by supply line difficulties in getting it sold and out of the country. they never tried to hide it and requested help in getting the heavy water moved out so they could stay compliant and keep the deal in place.
speculation can be ok if it's couched in the language of speculation, but not if conclusions are taken for granted, as seemed to be the prevailing attitude all over reddit. i have no control over what the government of iran does, but i do have a small voice in the public narratives unfolding in my own country. over and over again we've been misled to justify acts of war and the public has eaten it up. every time i see the public come together to shit on whatever enemy has been chosen for us, i think of the millions who died because of the rush to war after the nonexistent gulf of tonkin incident and know that blood could be on my hands too if my silence is taken for consent. in this age of information warfare, we cannot afford to jump to conclusions based on what 'seems to be' obvious.
i didn't say that. i didn't say anything about them. they hear the same thing no matter what's said. i'm just tired of hot takes and click bait and headlines that imply things that aren't supported by the actual text of the article. bryant may even have intended the implication himself, and that's worth talking about, but if we rely on the implication of something much more explicit being said in order to get a headline clicked on, we run the risk of becoming an exemplar of 'leftist trickery.'
That’s not correct. Hate speech is protected under the first amendment so long as it doesn’t constitute defamation of a particular individual or an explicit incitement to immediate lawless action.
that's the whole point of my comment. there is no operative 'legal definition of hate speech' in the united states. for example, it is 100% legal for someone to say 'i am an advocate for the extermination of the white race' and any law banning such an utterance would be unconstitutional based on established jurisprudence. there are nine widely recognized categories of nonprotected speech under the us's first amendment. none of them have anything to do with hate speech and in fact laws regulating those categories of nonprotected speech are required to be neutral to the issues of identity that define hate speech in laws elsewhere. the statement 'let's go out and kill some white people tonight' is only unprotected by the first amendment by the same logic that the phrases 'let's do a murder' or 'let's loot that store' are unprotected, and only in cases where saying these things is 'likely' to cause them to actually be done. these phrases are all unprotected when they are 'likely to incite or produce imminent lawless action.'
i know. that's one of the nine categories. i didn't want to list all nine because there's no way of expressing them in just a few words each without creating more confusion. you can probably think of a form of 'hate speech' that would fall into each of the nine categories, as well as plenty of forms of 'hate speech' that would not. the point is that whether it's 'hate speech' or not has no bearing on its legality.
Are there really now?
diplomatic immunity is not absolute, nor is it typically enshrined in the laws of host countries. it's a courtesy afforded by the host country to foreign dignitaries and it is requested and granted on a case by case basis. it also doesn't protect diplomats from being arrested. invocation of diplomatic immunity usually comes after an arrest or citation and may result in a quick release and dropped charges.
they do, but diplomatic immunity is often misunderstood. it doesn't necessarily stop a diplomat from being arrested. typically if a diplomat does something that a local would get arrested for, they'll be arrested, then their home country will request immunity for them and as a courtesy the local government will drop the charges. not sure what the circumstances on the ground were or if the ambassador was specifically targeted for political reasons, but there are plenty of cases where someone who is hypothetically 'immune' can be arrested without violating the principle of diplomatic immunity.
12% of sanders primary voters voted for trump. 24% of Clinton voters voted for McCain over Obama in 2008. 10% of all registered democrats voted for Bush in 2004. Sanders supporters fell in line behind the nominee just as much as anyone could reasonably expect any democratic voters to fall in line. Voters don’t fit into the simple boxes created by ideologues to contain them. We can disagree with people who voted for trump or McCain after supporting sanders or Clinton but the fact is that you’re not entitled to the votes of sanders supporters. It’s their right to vote for who they want even if that vote seems stupid from your perspective.
Yang is still in and has pretty much always solidly outperformed Booker.
Yeah but booker’s been not qualifying. My point isn’t so much that yang still has much of a chance... it’s just that booker dropping out today doesn’t really affect the chances of a nonwhite candidate since he was never on track to win.
Sanders attacks Biden directly. He’s not having his surrogates bring up points that he isn’t bringing up himself.
yes he did. within hours.
yup. 35 years old minimum, unfortunately.
you don't just pick a cabinet during the primaries. you pick your cabinet after you win and are inaugurated and then they're confirmed by the senate.
It’s a mistake to focus so hard on John Bolton. Republicans will eventually allow a short list of witnesses hand selected by the administration and Bolton will be the star. They’ll give coordinated testimony that “totally acquits” the president and democrats will have no moves left.
You do realize the general election doesn’t start until the primaries are over, right? There is no “too late” to get out of a primary in a two candidate race. If you want candidates to drop out while they still have a plausible path to victory maybe you should drop the democratic pretense and advocate to just let the party bosses pick the candidate.
What’s the group he was linked to? Article alludes to it but doesn’t give details.
In the US the conservatives and progressives are both liberals.
It’s super sad that the only two foci of personal identity you guys can think of are ethnicity and commodity fetishism. Even apart from that point though, a mixed race Brazilian has at least as much racial and national character as a white American. Just like Brazilians, “white people” in the new world are an agglomeration of ethnicities stripped of their national character and immersed in a hyperconsumerist social landscape. At least Brazil has attempted to forge a national identity out of the mixedness that takes into account the plurality of traditions that make it up. White people across the US are bound together by nothing more than not being part of the old slave class. The biggest example we have of public recognition of the nations we are forged out of is a day in March where we spend way too much money on green beer and drink until we’re sick. We lost our ethnic identities a long time ago. The development of our identities as consumers came later in order to obscure our relationship to the means of production. There are a million ways to define yourself other than race and consumption. Go find one.
Because the Democratic Party has been putting children in cages and building a border wall for decades. A return to status quo isn’t good enough.
They were in power for 16 of the last 30 years.
US history didn’t start 30 years ago and democrats still exist and vote for things like border walls and creating ICE when they’re not in power.
Why would I vote for trump or Biden if I’m against ICE and border walls? I support the candidate who has been against them all along and who voted no to both when Biden voted yes. I haven’t moved any goal posts. I didn’t know there was a goalpost to move. I support who I support because there is no one else whose vision resonates with me. There is no one else who has stood in constant opposition to the expansion of federal executive power and the slow descent towards fascism that we’ve seen over the last 20 years.
I didn’t say anything about who I’d vote for if sanders loses the primary but thanks for assuming. I’m open to voting for a democrat if they campaign on the right platform and convince me they’re serious about progress rather than a return to status quo. Blindly voting your “team” every time is why we have two parties that seamlessly consolidate power and project it imperially abroad as though of one mind.
she claimed it personally monday night and then had the following exchange with a moderator at the debate. “Sen. Warren, what did you think when Sen. Sanders told you a woman could not win the election?” Phillip asked Warren. “I disagreed. Bernie is my friend, and I am not here to try to fight with Bernie. But, look, this question about whether or not a woman can be president has been raised, and it's time for us to attack it head-on," Warren replied.
it's not our party. we want to be part of a different party but our electoral system is designed to prevent us from leaving the two anointed parties. we want to use the two party system to destroy the two party system.
Health insurance.
Can confirm. Am bot. At least that’s what they tell me on r/politics.
Only one of the two has a record of lying to the American people and it’s not sanders.
yeah you're right about that part. they did finally make an attempt to kill the electoral college last year. hr1 from 2019 was ok as a band aid to a broken system and a gambit to help democrats to stop losing so hard, but it does nothing to break the two party stranglehold and is not anywhere close to the type of reform i'm talking about.
i wouldn't even have a problem with criminal penalties against developing facial recognition technology at this point. there are some roads we just can't afford to go down if we want to keep our freedom in a world where technological advances will make total control by state and corporate institutions more and more possible. obviously banning a whole field of research is problematic but i'm ok with appropriating state power to limit the future power of the state and i fear this tech will make global totalitarianism inevitable. if the tech is developed even in private, politicians will make sure cops or their subcontractors can use it in public for 'really really important things' and then slowly expand that list of things until we're all so used to having our faces scanned everywhere we go that we may as well just let private companies do it too.
yes we do. the same leftists are in the streets protesting every time someone is murdered by police, regardless of race. i've never seen anyone from the white power crowd protest police brutality. they just cheerlead it when it's against black people and hold their tongues when it's against white people.
I’ll give mine up when the cops give up theirs.
leftists don't want to increase state power. left anarchists want to actually abolish the state, unlike most libertarians. democratic socialists want workers to have democratic control over the workplace without a state mediating that relationship. marxists in theory want to use the state to destroy the state but in practice haven't figured out how do to that without the rest of the world on board and usually concentrated state power just to keep their grip on it. social democrats all the way in on the center left typically want to increase state power as a check on private capital. most of the rest of the left disagrees with them. neoliberalism is the ideology of total control and it encompasses most of the democratic party except the populist and social democratic fringe and most of the republican party except for a few populist, classical liberal, and nationalist outliers. they are the ones you see advocating for 'more laws' like the ones you mentioned.
i think it's rehosted here. https://www.rollcall.com/video/watch_new_elizabeth_warren_video_reveals_genetic_test_results_and_talks_heritage_with_her_family
she was criticized by first nations groups for playing up such a distant heritage as though it was a defining part of her identity. most white people in the americas whose families aren't recent arrivals have just as much indigenous heritage as she does and it's common here for these tiny traces of native heritage to become part of a white family's shared mythic history. some people play up these traces of native heritage to exoticize themselves or attempt to garner sympathy or relate to actual natives or partially exculpate themselves from white guilt. people who actually grew up native resent these tendencies. she later apologized for releasing the video and deleted it. https://www.dailywire.com/news/heres-the-embarrassing-dna-test-video-warren-scrubbed-from-twitter
no problem. it wasn't that hard to find so i'm not sure why the other guy couldn't locate it. i just googled 'warren deleted dna test video.' also not sure why we're getting downvoted. oh well.
Haha yeah I misclicked. That was supposed to be on someone else’s comment.
It’s called a “rook.” You can google it. It’s an armored tracked skid steer with the forks/bucket replaced with a partially enclosed observation platform with firing ports. It’s not for “snipers” per se. It serves an entirely different role and is tailored to modern riot squad tactics.
Well cops don’t choose where to be in this situation. They go where they’re ordered. There are safer places to be but they put people up there in order to gain tactical advantages, not to protect them. Officers can use the platform to rapidly deploy behind a moving riot line and film from an elevated position, gaining evidence against protesters and training material to refine their tactics. They can also use the elevated position to gain line of sight to deploy less lethal munitions without exposing themselves or breaking the shield wall. They can use paintballs to mark anyone they want snatched. And they can use it to kill if the need arises. The shield will stop small arms fire easily and the way it’s deployed ensures the rear is protected. Worst case scenario is a sniper ambush from blocks away to the rear in which case you’re not much less safe than if you were just on the ground.
The democrats and republicans have written the rules so no other parties can fairly complete. Since they’ve hijacked democracy to insert their party bureaucracy as one of the only two paths to meaningful electoral participation, there is no “your infrastructure.” It belongs to the people and we will use it however we like. It will bend to our will or we will dismantle and replace it.
we've amended our constitution a number of times to change the workings of our electoral system. amending the constitution to remove barriers to third parties is not impossible. however, the constitution is not the real barrier. nothing in the constitution promotes the idea of a two party system, nor does it make a two party system inevitable. and you don't need a parliamentary system to make it happen, either. it's perfectly feasible to enact reforms opening up the political system to other parties without amending the us constitution at all. the actual constitution doesn't say that much about how elections for congress should be carried out. it just says that they should. the states hold elections to pick their own congresspeople and state law determines the precise rules of that electoral contest. a reform like ranked choice voting or consensus voting for house and senate seats for example could be implemented on a state by state basis, removing the spoiler candidate problem and destigmatizing votes outside of the two party duopoly. the presidential election system is the most absurdly stitched together set of compromises. it's the result of our twisting of the original electoral college system to fit a different purpose than was originally intended. there are already states that split their votes proportionally. and there's a coalition of states that have agreed to give all their delegates to the winner of the popular vote once states holding more than fifty percent of the delegates have signed on. they're nearly to forty percent now. virtually any reform to the presidential election process could be implemented the same way. the reality is that the electoral college can be whatever we want it to be if we can win power in state governments.
you're super incorrect in so many ways. to start, you're conflating a parliamentary system with a multiparty system. while a plurality of parties is more common in parliamentary systems, they are still prone to many of the same plurality-limiting problems we face in the us such as those caused by first past the post voting. but a presidential system can still be structured in a way to allow numerous parties to compete fairly without stepping on each others toes. second, you claim that we'd have to replace 'significant parts of articles i and ii' because 'the constitution dictates that the winning of elections and the passing of laws is decided by plurality vote, and it is winner take all.' i urge you to read the constitution and find the part that suggests what you're talking about. all the constitution says about electing the house of representatives is that 'The House of Representatives shall be composed of Members chosen every second Year by the People of the several States.' it's similar with the senate. the states hold elections and set their own rules for how their federal representatives are elected. it's not required that they all use plurality, they just mostly all do since they're outdated as shit and no one has the integrity to change anything when it means they might lose their party's grip on power. i happen to live in one of the few sates that uses a different system. here in georgia we have a two-round system with party primaries which is not great but better than plurality. in california and a few other states they use a jungle primary with only two candidates carried over into the general election, which is approximately on the same tier as our system in ga. maine already uses instant runoff voting, which is pretty sweet. all those options and more are available to the states with no us constitution changes necessary. third, even the idea that us house districts are winner take all is not enshrined in the constitution. there is federal law from the mid 20th century that mandates geographic districts with single winners, but the constitution doesn't say anything about it. congress could change that with a simple majority and then it would be up to states to decide how to split their representatives up and they could possibly even choose divide them proportionally based on the results of an at-large vote. as a tiny side gripe, you say that hypothetical sweeping changes would be 'bigger than what can be accomplished through the scope of a constitutional amendment.' this doesn't make sense as the power of congress and the states to amend the constitution is not limited. even sweeping changes to the constitution are ratified in just the same way as something small and simple like the 27th amendment. also, do i seriously sound like the kind of person who hasn't heard about duverger's law? why do you think i'm advocating for alternatives to first past the post? other systems are possible even without constitutional amendment.
There is only a civilian side in law enforcement. Cops are civilians.
We have to take into account the cost of fare collection when we look at this. Only 22% of marta’s income comes from fares and all that fare collection infrastructure and enforcement isn’t free. We may well find that the increase in ridership and public support associated with removing fares might more than make up for the loss of a minor revenue stream.
NAL but is it possible that Mary’s estate could have cause of action for defamation? There could have been toxicology screenings on admission to the hospital that could prove Lisa’s making up the drug claim. Not sure what the damages would be other than injunctive relief but her surviving family may want to help Sean shut down her spurious claims or have an interest in stopping their family member from being slandered. Also, make sure Sean gets recommendations from his old lawyer if possible. Even a small personal connection can really improve the attention and care you get from a lawyer.
it's not, really. at least not in the sense that 'asset' is used in the intelligence/statecraft parlance. asset specifically means an insider who is feeding information to an outside intelligence program.
an agent is someone who is literally employed by an intelligence agency. someone who is simply informing for them is called an asset. and you can be a 'useful idiot' asset, but you'd have to be knowingly leaking info to someone you didn't know was a foreign agent.
careful, now. you might catch a 50 million dollar defamation suit for saying that.
this kind of hand wringing only legitimizes the coordinated smear campaign against corbyn. think critically about what he's accused of for a second here. he wrote a foreword for a recent reprinting of a book written in 1902, which obviously contains opinions that are now understood to be problematic. it's hard to find historical analysis from that time period that doesn't. if you think a turn-of-the-last-century author saying that jews control european finance is an outrage, you should see what hobson had to say about eugenics and the indigenous peoples of the world. you won't hear that part held against corbyn, however, because it doesn't match with the pre-selected smear. furthermore, while he's been an mp since the 80s and the book was published with his foreword in 2011, and he's been labor leader since 2015, for some reason it's not until 2019, months before the election that the foreword suddenly surfaced and became international news, coincidentally at the exact same time that numerous other rumors and insinuations of labour antisemitism totally organically arose in the british press. 'imperialism' has some really messed up passages, as do many other works from 1902. that doesn't change the fact that the text contains valuable insights and is foundational to our modern understanding of european imperialism. that doesn't change the fact that the book had widespread influence on government leaders, particularly in britain and the soviet union in the early 20th century and must be known and understood by anyone seeking to understand the mid-century politics of either country. writing a foreword to a historic text serves as a means of contextualizing it in the modern era, not of personally endorsing every word of it. the second part is about membership in a facebook group that someone posted antisemitic memes in. facebook is a cesspit and no one should be blamed for something someone else posted on a page they liked once and probably don't check every day. not even sure why this is included other than to add more 'mass' to the list of allegations. the third part is about the mural. it may be due to poor resolution, but i fail to see what is antisemitic about it. i see rich old white men sitting around a game board supported on the backs of the suffering in front of a christian symbol that appears prominently on the us dollar. it does have a slightly paranoid tinge to it and, once again, i apologize if there's something obviously anti-jewish that i'm missing, but if it's just all general anti-capitalist imagery that is being lumped in with anti-semitism now, i can't help but question the motives of those doing the lumping. if anything, the image is anti-masonic due to the giant masonic christian symbol in the background but i don't think anyone gives a shit about people who still hate the masons.
the language of the 9/11 aumf he voted for in 2001 just gives the president the authority to use the military to bring the perpetrators of 9/11 to justice. it seemed pretty tightly tailored to that purpose and few at the time predicted it would still be in effect today.
capitalism is the root cause of inequality, and of modern imperialism, which is itself the root cause of structural racism.
We’re gonna pierce the shit out of the corporate veil.
Here’s the thing...
It was literally confirmed in 1975 under oath before congress by the director of the cia. It was part of the Church Committee hearings on the excesses of the intelligence community.
Unlikeable? Sanders is literally the most popular senator in the country. https://morningconsult.com/the-most-and-least-popular-senators-in-america/
it doesn't have to be representative of the country to disprove the 'unlikable' argument. he's been the most approved of senator for years. if the people who know him best in his home state so consistently report liking him more than the people of any other state like their senator then you have to admit it's ridiculous to argue he's less 'likable' than warren, whose home state approval rating trails his by 20 points and who doesn't even crack the top 10.
william colby, the director of the cia, literally confirmed it in 1975 during the church committee hearings. the actual heart attack gun itself was presented as evidence on the floor of us senate. https://www.military.com/video/guns/pistols/cias-secret-heart-attack-gun/2555371072001
yes, literally a major piece of ongoing american history. at one point, a third of republicans in congress were members of the tea party caucus. the caucus still has dozens of members, including current senate majority leader mitch mcconnell, former attorney general jeff sessions, current house minority whip steve scalise, and former presidential candidates ted cruz, marco rubio, and rand paul.
I nominate you for the guy we implant the nuclear football inside.
doing things won't change things. just think and feel things and don't worry about the material world. what a shit take.
what solution does it pose? 'changing the hearts and minds of the masses' doesn't just happen. disbelieving in the legitimacy of 'political authority' doesn't just make it go away.
Let’s ban private use, too.
If you want to use it inside that’s fine but you can’t just monitor and scan everyone who walks down the street.
Why would computers be banned? We’ve already banned certain uses of computers without banning computers altogether. Plenty of things are legal to use in certain ways and illegal to use in others. Why would we have to spy on everyone to enforce this law in particular and not all the other laws already on the books? We don’t “have to” drug test every American just because heroin is illegal. We just arrest them if they’re caught with it. Law enforcement doesn’t need to be omniscient to enforce laws. The ban should be worded to ban the use of facial recognition software on any recording made in places that are open to the public. We don’t necessarily need to prosecute based on possession of the code itself when we could just ban its use.
I guess I’m fine with that too as long as you can ensure your camera won’t capture anyone who’s not on your property.
We ban private citizens from doing all kinds of things that we deem harmful to individuals or the public.
Obama’s attack ads on her were vicious, too. We haven’t seen that level of hostility in a democratic primary since. All the candidates in 2020 have been handling each other with kid gloves by comparison and yet people are still acting like any critique from the left of another democrat is going to tear the party apart.
That’s incorrect. They researched if she could be VP and hold a cabinet post at the same time. She can’t remain a senator.
I always see this advice and wonder if the people posting it have ever actually worked in a trade. You won’t make $30 an hour as an entry level tradesman. That’s on the high end even for a journeyman in most trades. $12-16 is more realistic, approaching $20 if it’s a Union job and you’ve been trained. I know master electricians who only make $30 an hour.
/r/likeus
That’s hilarious considering his whole thing is being a moderate.
Weird that you just can’t run in a different party without completely breaking the system. It’s almost like they designed it that way. Until the electoral system is fixed so that people outside the two parties can fairly compete, the parties do not belong to themselves. They both belong to the people as a whole.
almost every poll has stopped including him. i believe no major national poll has included his name since at least november.
i think that's a distinction without a difference. your own imagination is the only difference between something being done that is 'impossible or otherwise incredibly unrealistic' and something being 'unimportant' or left to the audience to fill in the details. also, if we see nicholas cage jump into the ocean and then all of a sudden he's on the shore, couldn't we also choose to frame that as the movie bringing up the important problem of being trapped on a drilling rig in the middle of the ocean and then completely ignoring it? what constitutes a plot hole is really subjective, but the 'train astronauts instead thing' is a pretty weak example as the other commenter mentioned since it's addressed in dialogue and thematically central to the film.
you can't count on more votes after the midterms. both houses tend to swing away from the president's party in a midterm.
Wait... does Joe have dementia? Or do *I* have dementia?
Good for him. His audience needs to hear that.
Yeah but nearly all of that 45% are going to vote for him. They’re fired up and they believe they’re really making a difference. No one is excited about Biden. He needs to signal that he’s ready to make a change but all he does is insist he’s been in the right all along and tell anyone who challenges his record they should just vote for trump.
50% of businesses in Santa Monica weren’t destroyed dude. Quit the BS. Santa Monica is a city of 100,000. A couple dozen businesses were damaged in one part of downtown where a mob of looters were acting separately from the protest a few blocks away. Shitty that it happened but quit the hysterics.
Pied piper
The car thing is standard practice for planned interstate actions but often it’s kind of a spontaneous thing.
Jesus Christ it’s not sir maejor again is it?
https://atlsolidarity.org/
No
Anyone who is arrested protesting for justice. Do you really want them spending valuable time and resources vetting every arrestee to make sure they didn’t do something you don’t approve of?
Oh god what an idiot
She took advice from people who didn’t have her interests at heart.
That article is from day before yesterday. They shot a guy in Louisville yesterday while he was serving free food.
It’s a grimace, dude.
Definitely not the same people dude
It just looks like a moment of incredulity before he really realizes what’s happening.
He’s on video noticing and being told these things.
Sit down we haven’t even gotten to season 8 yet
Dude looks like he’s contemplating a friendly fire incident
Anybody that regards carter as the worst president doesn’t know shit about the 1970s.
It says *movement* building resources. As in resources for social organizing.
You really gonna try to put trump in the lib right sector?
Blocking a highway is absolutely peaceful protesting whether you think it’s a good tactic or not. Stop trying to redefine “peaceful” to mean “completely non-disruptive.” Antifa is not causing looting for the most part. They do targeted vandalism that has the potential to embolden other people, but looting and vandalism are far too widespread to all be them. Look at any map of police incidents from any major city over the last few nights. Spontaneous looting is breaking out miles away from city centers.
Like I said, even if you disagree with it and think they should be arrested you can’t claim it’s inherently non peaceful to block a road without engaging in doublethink. You’ve conflated “peaceful” with “things I approve of personally.” Disruption of normal life is at the core of what makes nonviolent civil disobedience work. Inconveniencing you isn’t violence. End of discussion.
1918 had its share of race riots too
So MLK and Rosa parks aren’t peaceful? They broke the law.
AFA was an organization in Germany in the 1930s. Today it is not though stickers with their label are popular among anti fascist organizers. Antifa today is just an umbrella term that covers all forms of anti fascist organizing. It is intentionally decentralized and non-heirarchical and anyone who claims membership in an actual antifa organizational structure is a cop.
The other guy is right on every single point in this comment chain and you’re incorrect. Source: real life organizing, not the internet
Tb fair she’s always been a corporate simp. She pushes her reforms because she believes they’re necessary to preserve capitalism, not because she believes in something better.
Do you derive any form of income from your activities on reddit? That just seems like a huge time commitment for a working person to be making for free even if a lot of them are mostly dead.
Huh cool. Thanks for the reply. I think a lot of Redditors are rightly suspicious of “power mods” but being here to answer questions definitely helps.
You said below you want a revolution but you’re holding on to a lot of resentment against the people. I wrote this because I want you to feel better about them. A revolutionary must be guided by love for the people. Take a step back and try to visualize your place among them. Their shortcomings, their excesses, their faults and failures are all yours. We are engaged in perpetual struggle within ourself to forge a revolutionary identity that’s strong enough to unite the people into a subject capable of healing its wounds and breaking free from the shackles that enslave our labor. The place of a vanguard in such a struggle is not to sit by and knowingly tut tut at those whose eyes have newly opened. It is to live always in that moment of awakening, feeling their shock anew each day and bursting with ideas and hope that the world can yet be reborn. It is to have a plan for action now that all can join. It is to fashion oneself into an instrument that transforms the people‘s raw will into a song of struggle. To become cynical and to rebuke and reject those whose revolutionary consciousness is still developing is a betrayal of the revolutionary spirit inside you and it’s ultimately a self-rejection. Wherever we’ve come from and wherever we are we can move forward together.
Brock Bamagieg
Look him over. If you like what you see, help out. If not, vote for the other Howie.
Dean team 4 lyfe
I’m a construction worker. My wife and I just bought our first house in February and she immediately lost her job and ability to work due to the pandemic and Marta shutdown. We work different schedules and in different parts of the city so we can’t carpool. She’s technically an independent contractor and hasn’t been able to get a penny in unemployment yet despite qualifying under the pandemic relief expansion. Her laptop is over seven years old and the graphics card just died leaving her unable to play any of her favorite games. You’re doing a real bro move, not just for the lucky seven but for all of us in the community. Congrats to everyone who got a pc and congrats to you on being such a solid dude.
He’s definitely going to still have a career after this.
Uh no nasa definitely paid.
You’ve just debunked it yourself. It’s absolutely about George Floyd as he is the current focal point of a global conversation about police brutality and racism. Countries around the world have similar problems and their own emblems of police excess but George Floyd is the one whose name you’ll see at them all and his death was the spark that set off protests about similar issues worldwide. Mods please mark as debunked. OP provided the source. The video is conclusive evidence that the protest is for BLM and inspired by George Floyd.
I mean there’s literally no way to watch the video that image is taken from and come to the conclusion that it’s about “Somali immigrants and the war on the streets in Paris” and not a part of the worldwide wave of BLM related protests addressing systemic racism and inspired by George Floyd.
There is a 0% chance a verdict on a four year old police brutality case involving a man with a Malian name (who may not even be an immigrant as many former colonial subjects are citizens and residents of France) is what the guy meant when he said the protests were about “Somali immigrants and the war on the streets in Paris.” That assertion as OP presented it to us has been debunked. The guy who replied to OP’s friend is obviously referencing something else and it sounds like an alt right talking point. Anomalousbits’s post is helpful and thoughtful and provides necessary context and expands understanding of how France is fertile ground for the exact same kind of movement we have here and why the handing down of the Traore verdict the same week that George Floyd’s cause has the attention of the whole world brought about a protest that’s about not just both of them but about institutional racism worldwide. It doesn’t make a case that the protests have “nothing to do with George Floyd” as we’ve been tasked with debunking by OP. Instead it strengthens the case that they have a lot to do with George Floyd. Neither of the claims we’ve been asked to debunk still stand. That is clear cut and no one here debunked them better than anomalous bits. I’m in full agreement with him and haven’t said anything that differs from his treatment of the issue.
Look at the second picture. It’s about the EarnIt act.
All of the serious and influential anarchists have been part of what we consider the left. The person who invented the term anarchism was Proudhon, a radical leftist whose best known words are “property is theft” and who advocated for the abolition of private property before becoming a statist in his later life.
Yeah vague posts were rampant for a long time which I don’t miss and it does help filter out spammers and propagandists who pump out posts on multiple subreddits but I’m starting to notice the downside to it as well.
You might have never heard his name if they hadn’t.
What if I told you you can already unsubscribe
Are these going to be about the 50 states in relation to current and past presidential races or is it just about the states in general?
Apparently you got your fee fees hurt about it and think you’re oppressed now
I’ve made all those mistakes and learned from them and am still welcomed and loved on the left. You can try to scare people online all you want but people will live and learn in real life and will recognize you were trying to use fear to manipulate them all along.
He’s been very clear from the beginning that he was there to film a video and not to loot. He never claimed to have looted anything.
They filmed a video there during the looting but he doesn’t seem to have stolen anything himself.
I dunno. Probably not. I don’t watch his content but I’ve been following the Scottsdale incident because of its relation to the George Floyd protests.
Sure maybe but the guy I’m replying of accused him of buying stuff and pretending he looted it when he’s denied looting all along.
I hadn’t heard that. That could be possession of stolen goods or conversion if it was stolen vodka.
lol I’m a communist who has been in the streets protesting police brutality for years even before mike brown but ok. From what I’ve heard jake Paul sounds like a shitty person but I’ve never heard anyone say he was a white supremacist. I haven’t defended anyone. I’m just saying it doesn’t make sense to say the guy is gonna go out and claim to have looted stuff after he already claimed he didn’t loot anything.
Sure but what you claim once and what you claim later typically need to be the same.
Oof that acronym though
Neville chamberlain’s hands were tied. He knew Britain and France weren’t ready for war so he had to bide his time and hope for a diplomatic solution to hold while building up his forces. He declared war when Poland was attacked but still didn’t have the resources to invade Germany.
That’s literally what he just said
disny plz
Si amigo. No es great.
The wire is the circuit.
You speak as though the primaries are over. They’re still ongoing. Most Americans still hadn’t had their voices heard when the media declared Biden inevitable.
It’s still like this today. Reactionaries are wishing violence upon protesters in disturbing numbers. No matter how bad it feels today, look to Kent and know history will remember who was right.
No dude. The spitting on soldiers thing is fake as far as I know and doesn’t make sense because veterans were leaders of the anti-war movement and were revered and respected for what they went through and for their firsthand knowledge of just how wrong the war was. But there’s a good deal of documentation of the reactionary response to Kent state among older conservatives. Kent state has an audio archive where you can listen to the accounts of soldiers, protesters, and witnesses which was featured on NPR on the anniversary of the shooting. I listened for hours and heard over and over again about students facing backlash at home even if they didn’t participate in the protests themselves. They recounted death threats, police repression, employment discrimination, aggressive harassment and more. As someone who works in construction this rings viscerally true to me. Just this week I’ve heard no less than six different old white guys and two older Mexican nationals express the opinion that the police and national guard should be killing more protesters. Yesterday afternoon a heavy equipment operator fantasized about driving it into the street and rolling over the crowd forming for a peaceful BLM demonstration just a few blocks away. It nearly started a fight when I told him I’ve participated in BLM protests in the past. https://omeka.library.kent.edu/special-collections/
And now they sound just like their parents
They also injured him so badly he was bleeding from his ears
Libertarians are already splitting the right vote. A two pronged attack has the potential to drive a bipartisan consensus on electoral reform.
The cost of weekend release or day release for the day of the funeral is approximately zero.
He was born in queens and has lived in his district for twelve years bro go away. The question has been answered already. You’re not asking anything new you’re just repeating yourself. It’s clear you’re not acting in good faith at this point.
He’s not running for city office and will have little to nothing to do with most of those issues.
I’m not the one being defensive now. I just saw you acting like a dick and repeating yourself and felt like someone needed to say something. I think he’s already spoken for himself pretty clearly but you just won’t accept his answer. I went to NYC once about 12 years ago. Wasn’t a fan.
Video says Salem Oregon.
I said the cost of weekend release, not personally escorting the prisoner to the funeral in chains.
All 57 should be banned for life from policing.
The policing model they’re using is an evolution of the same one they’ve been using since the anti-globalization protests of the 90s. HK police tactics were influenced by the American tactics.
You never saw a banker invading Vietnam either, now did you?
Tons of BLM supporters are pro 2A. It’s not uncommon to see black rifle associations in the streets for BLM and also anti fascist protests.
it's not even a higher standard we're asking for. we're just asking for them to be as accountable as anyone else who commits a violent crime.
you've gone mad with power, jego. these are legislative memes, not executival memes.
Lol that shit isn’t gonna happen but you can make believe if you want.
God why did it have to be an even number?
&gt;Some people put work into trying to sound good instead of rushing out preachy 1 liners. Isn’t that a preachy 1 liner?
Banning downvoting infringes on the people’s right to self defense.
did you see the one with the 80 year old woman in the street in front of her house trying to hit protesters with a baseball bat because she'd been worked up into such a frenzy by the fake news? luckily for her they didn't call the cops on her. they just gently took the bat away and guided her back to her house.
and two of the hippies are only there because they're hitching through on their way to the rainbow gathering.
There you go peddling false consciousness again.
Really makes you want to unite and lose your chains, doesn’t it?
fucking casuals.
Maybe so, haha. Which of the ten were you?
Not for long they don’t.
Dude do some research. Baden is the one who did the second autopsy on Epstein and the one who pointed out the hyoid breakage in the first place. He described the death as a homicide.
Baden blew the top off the attempted coverups of the murders of both Epstein and Floyd. He is the most famous independent medical examiner in the country. He’s not beholden to the cops or the feds in the same way the prison or county medical examiners are.
Lock him up
It’s so clear you haven’t had any meaningful conversations with the people involved in this movement. You’re criticizing a straw man. The object of your criticism is the scary guy in your head that espouses your own misunderstandings of the dialogue around race and privilege. All your suggestions are already principles of the movement. It’s not about tearing anybody down. It’s not about demonizing people for the color of their skin. It is about uniting people of all kinds to fight for reform that benefits us all. You could be out here uniting right now but instead you’re sowing division online where you can find people who are isolated and won’t see the truth IRL.
It’s just the facts. After the county medical examiner tried to cover up Epstein’s murder, Baden’s independent investigation found evidence of homicide. He is the reason we the public know that Epstein’s hyoid bone was broken. They tried to do the same with George Floyd, lying and saying he just happened to have a heart attack while they had him pinned down. Baden’s independent investigation showed the cause of death was suffocation.
Ok you can go back to sleep and think Epstein killed himself. I’m gonna go with the independent investigator on this one and not just take the cops’ word for it.
Dude I think you might be confused. I’m posting in support of the man that revealed Epstein didn’t kill himself. OP is posting misinformation to muddy the waters and make you think he’s a liar and that the original autopsy was correct.
I don’t know. Did he lie about any of those? The cops tried to lie about George Floyd’s cause of death to make it seem like they didn’t murder him but Baden called them out. When it comes to JFK and MLK he didn’t officially promote any particular narrative. He just provided medical opinions on cause of death and the path of the bullets. Most conspiracy theories about those assassinations (other than the grassy knoll theory which is one of the weaker theories IMO) don’t even dispute that stuff. When it comes to Michael Jackson it’s once again pretty hard to argue that the dude didn’t die of a multi drug overdose, whatever theories you may have about how those drugs got prescribed or in his system. I think OP has some kind of ulterior motive causing him to lie to discredit Baden which makes sense because Baden is constantly providing the public with extra info tptb tries to keep hidden about high profile deaths.
What if it knows memes but also eats people
He was calling their bluff. He knew the results were clean and thought allowing the investigation would defuse the situation.
The community should come together and build a toilet on Tim heidecker’s porch for him.
BLM stands for all people brutalized by the police.
Correct answer: “no”
Yeah you know other than his own words but obviously those don’t count.
The people have the power and “tptb” are scrambling to catch up and transform the movement into something that can be subsumed into the capitalist system and commodified for easy mass consumption.
BLM thinks so
There were two known groups using the black panther name before this round of protests started: NBPP and NABPP. Original BPP is defunct. They don’t seem to be NBPP due to different patches and the fact that they don’t seem to be Muslim militant black nationalists. NABPP is mostly a prison organization and are Maoists who definitely don’t fuck with cops. My best guess is they’re just doing their own thing. Either cosplaying or a newly formed organization that’s not directly tied to the original party. Someone posted something on twitter speculating that some of them are members of the Atlanta ballet but I don’t know if that’s corroborated or not.
Of course we are. That’s why we’re chilling with our guns.
The only Biden primary voters I’ve met are “never trump” republicans.
You think someone is a leftist just because they voted for sanders once? Sanders and trump both performed well among moderate populists and “fuck everything” voters. That’s why there’s a small demographic that could cross over between them.
I watch his interviews. That’s how he acts when he’s off teleprompter. Just watch him with Charlamagne.
I’m an IRL an-com and I’ve literally never met an accelerationist trump voter. Accelerationism is usually used as an excuse to not vote, not to vote against your own interests intentionally.
Damn. You got the footage to share? Make sure that gets into the archives.
dude thank you so much. my wife loves the pc and this project and your youtube content have made me realize that building a pc is way more practically and financially feasible than i ever imagined.
strawman
How do your links actually prove what you’re saying? Seems like a lot of insinuation and nothing concrete.
Yes. I checked the links on this post and several similar posts and couldn’t find where it actually says what OP is claiming. They just show the part of the terms of service that say unclaimed nonprofit donations go to other nonprofits and then wave their hands and pretend it’s proof the nonprofit donations are converted into political donations.
They’re not though. They’re still bound by campaign finance law and their terms of service specifically state that nonprofit donations go to other nonprofits rather than to political campaigns. And it’s not presented as a theory. People are spamming the terms of service link aggressively and pretending it confirms their theory when it doesn’t.
We’ve tried to explain what it means but you jam your fingers in your ears every time.
there's no indication that any of this money is going to democrats. the terms of service state that unclaimed donations to nonprofits go to other nonprofits.
at least that one is dialectical.
Third
All the reporting on it is really vague but her tweet seems to imply she wasn’t in the car at the time.
Remember kids, Lenin sez no abandoning electoralism until we’ve built an alternative capable of challenging the bourgeois state. Fight for power on every front. Not one step backwards. https://www.marxists.org/archive/lenin/works/1920/lwc/ch07.htm
Put her on blast publicly and let’s see if we can’t get the company to sacrifice her to preserve good PR.
Buy decent light roast whole bean coffee. Grind it yourself the same day you brew it. Grind it as fine as possible, espresso style if you can though that may take special equipment. Use an electric kettle and some kind of temperature probe to get water at 180F. Boiling water will make your coffee bitter. Pour it gently over the ground coffee in the French press (about 4 TBSP per liter of water I think) and let set for ten or fifteen minutes. What you get will be a thousand times better than Starbucks, which always tastes burnt to me.
They allow, encourage, and participate in looting to try to make a point about how much we “need” police to keep the peace.
You can make whatever kind of comedy you want and people will say whatever they want about it and treat you however they want based on what they think of you. If you can’t handle that, get out of comedy.
Yeah that was mostly alarmed scholar et al.
Terms of service and campaign finance law say that they can’t and don’t use the nonprofit donations to fund political campaigns. Unless someone does some serious accounting work to prove they’re lying this is nothing but baseless insinuation.
That “meme” has been the basis of our foreign and domestic policy for two centuries.
It’s that all that’s possible for us? “Pushing” politicians?
According to the ideology of capitalism, you’re only worth what you can successfully negotiate for. You’re not worth $30 an hour unless you’re already making it.
Speak for yourself. We want a world without police.
Start?
You can be antifa. Make his fears come true.
They want to take away our ability to self regulate as a community.
Careful, bud. You’re starting to make sense. Capitalist dogma dictates that your labor is only worth its market exchange value.
Weather Underground did a better job resisting tyranny than you ever will.
It’s not just to make it look flat. It can also be used to make it look textured if you’re a tasteless charlatan.
Downvoting isn’t discrimination. The website is designed to work this way. Just let us self-regulate as a community.
Secret tunnel! Secret tunnel! Through the mountain! Secret, secret, secret, secret tunnel!
Who is?
I wish they’d stay on strike indefinitely and never come back.
Holy shit they banned neth? He was more integral to this sub lately than some of the mods.
Go back to ancapistan. We believe in collective ownership of the means of production here.
That’s not a Kentuckian accent. That’s minstrel-show level parody of black American speech patterns.
That’s why we’re dropping the virtual and going full reality.
that's just not how hillbillies talk. it's not how anybody talks.
Dude I work in commercial construction and we put these in all the time. They’re safe if you have the thermostat set to a safe temperature.
Well first of all the Ashanti are not a tribe. They’re an ethnic group that ruled for 300 years over an empire with millions of citizens. They raised hundreds of thousands of soldiers at a time for wars against their neighbors and against European incursions. The Ashanti were involved in the transatlantic slave trade, as were several other kingdoms in their region. They had their own set of customs and legal protections around slaves and their social status, as did most cultures around the world but they did not keep chattel slaves in the same way European colonists in the Americas did. Ashanti people were both victims of and participants in the slave trade but they were perhaps better known for their fabulous wealth owing to mining in the gold-rich Sahel region, as well as their well developed bureaucratic state, rich cultural heritage, and powerful, complex religious institutions. The kente cloth today is a symbol of all of Ghana, not just the Ashanti. It’s used by pan-africanists as well, much like the dashiki. The erasure of personal genealogical history that happened due to the transatlantic trade necessitates that those who wish to revive their cultural heritage take an a la carte approach, picking out pieces of many cultures since they have no way of knowing which culture their own ancestors belonged to. In short, the kente cloth isn’t a symbol of slavery any more than the American flag or that of any Western European country. Wearing kente cloths in solidarity with the entire American black community was kind of cringy but to call them out for wearing a symbol of slavery is cherry picking for a reason to be mad and suspiciously reduces the legacy of an entire country to perpetrating slavery in a way that is not applied to their European counterparts.
Isn’t the whole point of the article that it’s bad that they’re being racist against Chinese people? What am i missing here? Why do you think they’re an exception?
Except it is. Data shows that more than a quarter of people killed by police are black while they make up only about an eighth of the population. https://www.pnas.org/content/116/34/16793
Yes. You’re being downvoted because you’re trying to arbitrarily control for something which dishonestly confounds the results. You might as well control highway fatalities data for the rate of accidents. These aren’t two variables that need to be separated to get a meaningful result about. They’re two dependent variables that are both affected by the same factors. https://www.pnas.org/content/116/34/1679c3
We’re here to debunk, not to assume.
The Ashanti have eight ancestral clans I think but the guy didn’t refer to any of them specifically. He just said the cloth is from the “Ashanti tribe.” As I understand it, the patterns typically symbolize values and concepts rather than specific families. The scots don’t actually have ancestral tartan cloth either. That was made up in relatively recent history to sell more tartans by assigning patterns to all the major family names.
Yes! When people don’t hate each other they sometimes wrap their arms around one another in a show of mutual tolerance. It sounds amazing.
Shooting someone as they run away after assaulting you isn’t self defense. Self defense is shooting someone to prevent them from carrying out or continuing to carry out an assault against you.
they do try to build a base with state and local races. they put someone up for president every election because they need national attention to stay relevant and want to try to hit thresholds for automatic ballot access and federal campaign funding.
r/conspiracy sez everything is great in America and there’s nothing left to fight for. Lol. Go back to sleep everyone. There is no war in ba sing se.
That’s the problem. The “opposition” party is in lockstep with the republicans on the most fundamental issues.
I’m in Atlanta. No one is panicking except a handful of right wing yuppies.
Welcome to ancapistan
The problem is that they escalated directly from friendly conversation to forcible arrest when department protocol requires that officers first attempt to take a DUI suspect into custody peaceably by informing them they’re under arrest.
He even acknowledged that he knew the taser was spent when he shot him. also he was 20’ away and sprinting in the opposite direction.
The DA says Rolfe acknowledged when questioned that he knew the taser was spent before he drew his weapon.
Stop pretending you know what the word “neolib” means. We support antifa here.
There weren’t and he knew there weren’t.
My neighbors and I can take care of ourselves. Cops have never stopped anyone from kicking in my door or window. They just come by an hour later to look at the mess. Stop licking cop boots and establish community self defense protocols.
I do. Tasers have an electronic log that records the time when they are discharged. That’s part of the evidence being used to seek grand jury charges.
If social-fascism isn’t real, why do liberals use dishonest rhetoric and underhanded tactics as a mean of delegitimizing the left?
It’s all clearly laid out in the press conference the DA gave yesterday but I don’t expect you’ll actually take the time to review a primary source.
Ok grandma...
*Tragic Prelude* by John Steuart Curry, depicting abolitionist hero John Brown calling out a warning as a storm rages behind and free state and slaver militias fight in the background. https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Tragic_Prelude
But three of the clowns get cut off when I rotate it so there are actually two fewer at that point.
they can't criticize the boot they lick so they have to hate the thing it stomps.
everyone was definitely not from a slave owning family. many of them were from slave families. others, from families of lower socioeconomic status. slaves were really expensive. the major slaveowning class was a small aristocracy of just a few thousand members with vast tracts of land used for large scale agriculture and hundreds or thousands of slaves, then there was a sizable middle class who held comparatively small numbers of slaves as servants or craftsmen. but most free people simply weren't in an economic position to be owning slaves.
According to Krakauer he died from eating too much alpine sweetvetch, a plant that was commonly regarded as edible but apparently makes your legs stop working if eaten in particularly high quantities.
Krakauer’s theory is that he was poisoned by eating too much alpine sweetvetch, which paralyzed his legs.
Go and take it, then.
If you had been to that Wendy’s you wouldn’t be surprised. You could sit there all night waiting.
The average person isn’t using tenths of a degree Celsius either.
Everything after the first seven words is wrong.
That’s completely arbitrary tough. Any time you hear it’s 99 degrees out that figure has already been rounded. There’s always more precision you could be adding but you just don’t need to. You do not need to use repeating decimals ever. You just take a reading and round it to the nearest C instead of to the nearest F.
And vice versa!
But collectively
Socialists don’t want the retired little old lady landlord to be destitute. They want her to want for nothing in a world where that kind of exploitation doesn’t exist. The role you’re talking about is more in line with a custodian, who is typically a worker hired by the landlord to maintain the property for them. That’s a legitimate job that should always exist.
Gunfights were already breaking out in the city.
It’s 4 o clock in Washington...
because no man or government has the right to restrict the free movement of man on god's earth. fuck the border. free movement for all.
he feels bad constantly. have you not noticed the constant stream of petty spite coming out of him?
well it sure as hell ain't owned by the feds.
well they got evacuated from their hotel room and now their car is all smashed up so there's not really anywhere to take her.
as someone who is close to a lot of women, those numbers don't surprise me at all. this kind of stuff is disturbingly common.
i've heard of three. two of them involved people shooting at protesters.
fuck countries. countries ruined open borders.
They live in the woods at low elevations near water sources and move in to the nearest open clearings at dusk. By the time the sun is all the way down, they’re winding down for the night too. They get easier to find as you move out of the city but you can find them pretty much anywhere that’s not entirely paved over.
I got you fam. The spare room is occupied but there’s always floor space for a comrade in need. We serve hot food every Sunday and distro surplus groceries seven days a week at various locations around town. There are clothes at the grocery distros sometimes and if not there are a couple of monthly clothes swap events.
The fact that you think that’s a legit metaphor for immigration is illustrative of the cretinous hypocrisy and sense of entitlement inherent to the conservative position. The mere existence of the other is to you an imposition on resources that are suddenly “ours” collectively when there are outsiders present to exclude. Out of the presence of the other, this sense of collectivity melts away and your sense of conditional individualism resurfaces.
I hate Joe as much as the other Biden but those are press events and are closed to the public.
That’s because it’s been through dozens of redesigns over the years. The original packaging was racist as fuck and was sold with “pickaninny” dolls. keeping on using the name is just a reminder of that, even if they did update the lady’s picture to be less outrageous.
People just aren’t comfortable with white people inventing stereotypical, vaguely friendly black characters named like household servants to use as mascots to sell their products anymore.
You’ve always been allowed to say that.
So? That doesn’t change the character’s legacy. The family sued Quaker a few years ago for unauthorized use of her likeness so they’re clearly all over the place on this issue.
Solidarity from the greens (even if libertarians don’t really “do” solidarity)
his presence reframed the field in a way that was ultimately unfavorable for sanders. instead of a insider vs establishment frame, there was a three part frame with biden as the 'reasonable' choice in the middle.
quaker decided to retire an outdated mascot on their own. no one gave a shit before they decided out of the blue to do that. try a different strawman.
i don't think that's correct. the original 'aunt jemima' was the formerly enslaved nancy green, who was a housekeeper who got hired to be a pancake flour mascot by one of her employer's friends who happened to own a pancake flour company. she got paid pretty well for a few years doing public appearances but was never a millionaire and went back to working as a housekeeper until the day she died. https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Nancy_Green the first black female millionaire was cj walker, who founded one of the first companies to sell haircare products specifically designed for black hair types.
why do you keep pretending people care about these brands? if planters wants to change their name over it that's their prerogative. activists are worried about more serious issues.
a lot of stuff is a little bit racist. i'm pretty fucking well used to it and just because i point it out doesn't mean i'm particularly mad about it or that i think it's a priority. racism is just a fact of life but you guys start reeeeeing every time someone brings it up as though someone decided to deploy the nuclear option against you personally.
they're not though. i would have heard this story exactly once if it weren't for this sub screaming about how outrageous it is that a company would retire the brand.
basically just the epstein story. that's why it's so disappointing to see this kind of post here. this post isn't about all the real shit we talk about here. it's about syrup. it is what it claims to critique.
It was at the trump inauguration protests and I don’t think it was staged. he was giving an interview in the park the protesters were using as their base camp. He was pretty much surrounded by anarchists who recognized him. The only surprise is that no one else joined in.
What does the GBI have to do with it? Fulton DA has the authority to investigate and bring charges.
She’s right that she’s “not allowed” to start a business but is allowed to burn churches to the ground? Sounds to me like she’s full of shit and putting feelings before facts.
She’s just like the kids at my high school who formed a “school prayer club” that joined hands and prayed around the flag pole every day and pretended it was civil disobedience. They made t shirts about how the administration was going to suspend them all for praying even though the administrators made a point of walking by just to tell them they were never breaking any rules in the first place.
That’s not true. BLM in my city protested when a white guy got shot too.
We have a real mass movement against police brutality but you can’t get onboard because there are black people in the driver’s seat? Maybe you don’t care as much as you think you do? Identity politics are really fucking with your head. This is our chance. Don’t waste it because you’re butthurt black people are getting more attention than you. equalattentioncake.jpg
That’s incorrect. SMMA didn’t “legalize” propaganda because propaganda was never illegal. It removed a provision in the original Smith-Mundt Act that blocked specific foreign-targeted US propaganda broadcasters funded under that specific Act from also broadcasting in the US. Since SMMA, channels like Radio Free Asia can now make their content available to US audiences.
Yeah obviously those were 100% legally permitted church burning while starting a business is punishable by prison time. Oh wait, did I get that backwards?
Also Oregon if you’re a nazi
Every vote but one is wasted in a plurality system.
It had already been deployed
He didn’t. He discharged the taser when he first grabbed it and then ran away.
Several seconds before the officer drew his weapon and shot him in the back while he was 20 feet away at a full sprint. This isn’t some last second reflex shot that saved his life or something.
Mexico City, Santiago, London, and a few others all have a city parks over twice the size of central park. Paris actually has two parks over twice the size of Central Park. Rome has a really skinny park that’s ten miles long that ends at the center of the city. I could go on. Central Park is nice but it’s not really that unique except when contrasted to other cities in the US.
All the reporting on the incident says the car was empty. Are you spreading misinformation?
Thanks, bro. It happens. Sorry for assuming you were intending to mislead.
Chickens gonna roost
Here’s the article for a start https://m.imgur.com/gallery/gXRqf
i don't hate you, too.
no it wasn't. it wasn't a ban on propaganda. it doesn't apply to the entire government; it was one budgetary string attached to one state department program that does nothing other than produce and broadcast news programming on a handful of networks aimed at foreign audiences, which you can look up usagm if you want to know exactly what content is affected by the provisions of smith-mundt. the government didn't need to 'un-ban' domestic propaganda because it was never banned in the first place. it's been in use all along from the civil war to the world wars and the war on terror. and everything in between.
How anyone can look at this and claim the only record of a tweet that supposedly had 25,087 retweets is a photograph of someone’s monitor taken with a potato is beyond me. Shit’s fake, yo.
Are you blind? It says “25,087 retweets” right on the image.
Only white conservatives are worried about a race war. Black people and Hispanics know that shit’s not really going to pop off.
You can’t prove a negative unless you test every meal served at every fast food restaurant. This is just someone trying to make white people afraid so they’ll be easier to control and manipulate against the movement. Also the tampon incident was another cop hoax like most of the police food tampering incidents. The Starbucks store in question reviewed the footage and couldn’t find anyone tampering with the drink.
SS: Why wouldn’t the police respond to reports from neighbors of a child trafficking ring? Was there someone they were trying to protect? How far up does it go? Is this connected to any of the high profile national networks we’ve been trying to track?
Nice
“There’s no such thing as an assault rifle” is the hottest take I’ve seen today. Assault rifles have existed since the Germans invented the Sturmgewehr 44 during world war 2. The term refers to any magazine-fed rifle firing a mid-power cartridge and capable of select fire. The rest of what you say is pretty much correct but assault rifles definitely exist.
Well you’re gonna have to include every famine to ever occur in a capitalist country since you’re counting those for the communists too. Then add all the police violence, race riots, lynchings, genocide of indigenous people, slavery and the transatlantic trade, political dissidents and trade unionists murdered en masse, etc. I have a feeling capitalism might come out on top in this race.
Source?
I am only dealing in facts, while you constantly appeal to emotion with “ThEiR oWn PeOPlE” and “I’m sure you haven’t heard of this super basic part of history that everyone already knows about because I’m so much better than you.“ I haven’t seen you drop a single fact yet, you just repeat the same emotionally loaded insinuations over and over again.
- fbi counterintelligence program internal memo - rage against the machine -michael scott
how does your .308 hunting rifle satisfy any of those conditions? the full length 51mm cartridge is stronger than what is considered intermediate and it almost certainly isn't fully automatic. maybe it's magazine fed. maybe the magazine is even detachable but that's only 1 out of 3. i literally gave an example of a gun that is named 'assault rifle 44' and you're still over here acting like you have a point. for extra credit, you can check out the us army's review of the m16 assault rifle undertaken before the adoption of the m16 as the main service rifle and see how they use the term themselves. educate yourself. https://apps.dtic.mil/dtic/tr/fulltext/u2/a953110.pdf
you're thinking of 'assault weapon'. assault rifle is real terminology that describes a type of weapon designed for a particular purpose in modern combat. 'assault weapon' is a made up term often defined in popular discourse by certain inconsequential cosmetic features. your .308 rounds are about the same size as nato 7.62 x 51mm, so it fires bullets that are the same diameter as an ak's 7.62 x 39mm but it has a longer and slightly wider cartridge that accommodates sixty percent more powder. that's the whole point of the intermediate cartridge distinction. they fire the same piece of lead but at a slightly lower velocity that's still perfectly well suited for the shorter ranges of modern dynamic combat situations, with the added bonus of limiting kick and muzzle climb compared to the stronger cartridges, which makes them more suited for short range rapid fire scenarios than their more powerful predecessors like the m14.
i'm not. i'm referring to the guy i was replying to in the first place. it doesn't matter if you used the term in common parlance in the army. i literally provided us army documentation using those exact words to contrast the ak47 with the m14. you don't get to just decide a term people have been using for decades isn't a real thing.
I thought his name was rod.
Leftists sometimes vote democrat because they’re the less stupid of the two right wing liberal parties.
Every single doctor recommends vitamins, healthy diet, and going outside. What are you even talking about?
You guys may be surprised to hear this but a lot of the BLM movement has a very well developed class analysis and is trying to work through racial issues so that the working class can better unify.
I live in the hood, buddy. There’s no race war coming unless white people come and start it.
Rosa was killed by fascist militias working for the social-democrat president. She wasn’t killed by every social democrat to ever exist for all of the rest of human history.
You’re a meme
Let me clue you in on something: the Democrats and Republicans are on the same side along with the media.
BLM is a broad movement made up of people from many different ideological backgrounds united around the goal of ending police brutality and institutional racism. Literally anybody can be part of BLM just by showing up. There are a handful of maoists who have been involved but they are not well regarded by most protesters and organizers. RCPUSA for example is a cult of personality that has been controversial on the left for decades. Centered around a student activist from the 60s named Bob Avakian, they are widely reviled even by their fellow communists and take a lot of heat from BLM organizers and others for trying to hijack protests by getting out in front of cameras with bigger and brighter banners than the people who actually did the legwork of organizing the protests. As far as being a racist group, that hardly jibes with the multiracial nature of the movement. You will see people of all races on the ground working together towards a common goal. A handful of pre-existing separatist organizations have shown up in the streets but once again they’re not well regarded by most organizers and protesters.
“Ipsos mori” isn’t a grammatically coherent Latin phrase. translated into English it would be something like “themselves to die.”
Just for context, Lincoln university was nearly a hundred years years old at this point.
what i'm trying to tell you is that it doesn't mean 'they die.' ipsos doesn't mean 'they' in the personal sense. it's singular form means 'it, itself'. you'd use the word to say things like 'that doesn't by itself mean that it's true,' or 'these xx won't xx themselves.' on top of that it's in the accusative case, so it can't be what dies in the sentence as it has to be the object of the verb, not its subject. and on top of that there is no verb acting as an actual verb in the sentence. 'mori' is the infinitive form so we don't actually have a sentence at all, just a dangling infinitive and a random pronoun. the words don't fit together in a way that has recognizable meaning. it's nonsense like if you found a latin acronym that spelled out 'dying at themselves' in english.
Yes. The OP kind of makes it sound like HBCUs were a new thing.
do you know what translation you're using? it sounds like the opening passage, which is usually translated to something like, 'the way (or 'dao' in the original language) which can be walked upon is not the eternal way; the name which can be spoken is not the eternal name.' i couldn't find your version of it in any of the translations i searched, but i see it on quote websites without citation. there's a really fun translation by ron hogan that can help de-mystify some of the convoluted language in other translations when read side by side. he translates that opening passage as, 'if you can talk about it, it ain't dao.' lao-tse spends quite a few passages throughout the work driving home his point that 'the dao' is fundamentally indescribable. anything we say about it can only scratch the surface because it is the framework that underlies the very essence of being. https://ttc.tasuki.org/display:Code:gff,sm,jhmd,jc,rh/section:3
please, every red blooded american knows that only terrorists use russian weapons.
unions are for productive labor
this is pretty thoroughly debunked. when you don't intend to land, you can turn your nose down and achieve incredible speeds, because it doesn't matter if the high speeds damage the plane. many aircraft have manufacturer published 'v-speeds' often including a 'vne' or 'do not exceed' velocity. this is usually the airspeed at which the manufacturers believe there is significant risk of the plane suffering some kind of structural damage. they give some padding when they publish these numbers, so all we know is that somewhere above that vne we will begin to experience structural damage. this doesn't mean we'll hit a certain velocity and suddenly explode. a more likely failure mode is that fragile moveable parts like the control surfaces will start to become damaged or shear off as the pilot tries to use them to navigate. eventually you'll reach a speed where the wings could come off, but that's hopefully pretty far past the vne. the 767 doesn't have a published vne as far as i can tell. instead they have a 'vmo' or 'maximum operating speed' which is the maximum speed the manufacturer recommends actually operating at under commercial flight conditions due to changes in maneuverability and other risks to crew and passenger safety. they usually make it so the plane will sound an alarm when you cross that threshold. a 767's vmo is around 340-360 knots depending on the variant, which is around 400-420 mph. if it had a published vne it would be significantly higher than that since the vmo takes into account safety and handling factors that the vne does not. at the speeds the 9/11 planes were going they'd likely become very difficult to control and suffer some damage, but they would not simply fall apart. another problem for the 'impossible speeds' theory is that their estimation of the velocity relies on visual data from a fixed position on the ground. this can give us an estimate of groundspeed, but groundspeed is completely irrelevant to an aircraft's performance characteristics. all that matters is airspeed, or the velocity of the aircraft measured with reference to the movement of the fluid medium in which the craft is moving, rather than to the ground.
\#notallsocdems
they may end up getting an equivalent amount of exposure even. i can't remember the last time i saw a starbucks ad, but i just saw this article.
statues don't get captured? tell that to edward colston.
luv u guys. i don't care what anyone says about you. we can have a truce to destroy the republican and democratic parties together.
let's just be careful we don't build them the infrastructure they need to ban socialists from buying guns.
Also those five states have well over a quarter of the US population at around 28% so having 38% of nursing home deaths means their nursing homes only got hit about 30% worse.
This isn’t rationality. This is your feelings getting hurt.
Nobody was burning down houses. They were walking to the mayors house to protest her releasing personal information of protesters. This is like when your dog thinks barking at the mailman is the only thing that keeps him from murdering your family.
Nah I’m good but you seem like you’re getting agitated and possessive about people using “your culture” wrong.
Hahaha. Take your own advice and read a book. You know nothing about hitler.
John brown was right to kill slave owners, even though the law was against him. Every former slave owner should have been hanged.
TD was defunct. Before they left reddit they were bigger than CTH.
Just six months after they already decided to up and leave for another website anyway...
Also TD voluntarily emigrated to another site months ago and their sub has been inactive since. Banning it was nothing more than cover for eliminating leftist voices.
If that’s a purity test then isn’t any type of standard a purity test?
This meme only works in Japan. In the US we got yellow version.
See something tells me you’re the salty one here.
&gt; Sometime after midnight, Sherman encountered Grant standing under a tree, sheltering himself from the pouring rain and smoking one of his cigars, while considering his losses and planning for the next day. Sherman remarked, "Well, Grant, we've had the devil's own day, haven't we?" Grant looked up. "Yes," he replied, followed by a puff. "Yes. Lick 'em tomorrow, though."
the whole package of documents is itself an official fbi document, but not everything contained within it was written by the fbi. this kind of info dump can be confusing because the bureau does not clearly mark the pages to show which documents are their own commentary and which are raw pieces of evidence. the fbi puts together this kind of package as a response to a request for information. in this case, it seems the request was made by 'mr. carusi' who is probably ogo carusi, who served in the us attorney general's office for a long time between the 1920s and 1940s. the request seems to be related to a group whose name appears on anti-semitic pamphlets circulating around philadelphia. so if we read the first five pages, we can better put page 5 into context. page 4 is of particular interest. it explains that the following is a letter in circulation in philadelphia that someone received and handed over to the fbi. the letter appears to be written by someone posing as the 'central committee' of the anti defamation league. i don't believe the adl has a 'central committee' but the term was likely chosen as a reference to the central committee of the communist party of the soviet union in order to tie in the writer's anti-semitic message to the popular anti-communist hysteria of the time. so to answer your question, yes to both. we are looking at an official document about an anti-semitic forgery. the fbi is providing a copy of the forgery to the attorney general as evidence in some case or investigation. hopefully someone else can put the whole thing into better historical context but that's the gist of it.
out of all those i think the radio is the only electronic device. lighting, power, motors, etc. don't really qualify as electronics since the term usually refers to complex low voltage circuitry used to transmit and process data.
if there's a reason to believe there's relevant info on the phone they can get a warrant. police are treating it as though the victim's whole phone is inherently so integral to a case that it can't proceed without it no matter what. they should at least need to be able to articulate what they think they may find on the phone and why they think that.
