It’s amazing that people can still have this level of optimism about GRRM.
Hobbits?
He's been like this for far longer than the show was even an idea pitched to him. After waiting for 5 fucking years for AFFC and then another **6 years** for ADWD the fans were rightfully bitter. Now here we are **7 years** later waiting for the next book. He deserves whatever hostility he gets. The show wasn't even a possibility until ADWD was released in 2011. Since then, the show runners have put forth 7 seasons worth of content and we don't even have an inclination as to when he might actually be bothered to finish TWOW.
The funny thing is I remember this being a fairly big news item **before** he was elected. It was painfully obvious he was using it as a slush fund while at the exact same time complaining about the Clinton Foundation. We're just now getting around to investigating this?
I mean, that is literally a cornerstone of Republican belief. &amp;#x200B; All we have to do is remove all the regulations placed on corporations and then they'd pay their employees with the savings!
Someone give this man some bootstraps.
Young Skywalker
It’s a cycle. Complain about sequels Kenobi memes Start war with other subreddit Rinse and repeat. Sprinkle some holiday memes in as appropriate.
And the absolute lack of fucks given by that bystander. Didn’t even flinch.
They’re only available once you’ve unlocked the flight path at Mt. Doom.
Interesting that Lords of Hellas beat out Rising Sun, that's unexpected.
You could easily just play into it since he's already stitched up in other places.
You look incredible! ——————————- Is your name Mary Sue? REEEEEEEEEEEE
This one is somehow funnier because of the low quality
Is there a /r/starwarscirclejerk? Perhaps now is the time
/r/hensinsync
That sub has become literal cancer today.
You are a short one
Terrible optics is having control of all 3 branches of the government but accomplishing nothing then shutting the government down over Christmas in a childish act of petulance to try and force the democrats to give him what his party couldn’t for 2 years.
It was awful, but it kickstarted the very best Star Wars content we’ve gotten post OT so it gets a pass.
Star Wars and coherent plots have never had a good relationship
I can't imagine watching this for more than one loop.
I’ve seen numerous people even here on reddit claiming they’re losing faith in the Democrats and “why should I support them if they don’t support me” Not bots either, real people
cool cool cool cool
It's where /r/freefolk are living right now.
Ah, the rare /r/GifsThatStartTooEarly and /r/gifsthatendtoosoon combo.
I think it's the large overlap between both groups that is just titled "assholes."
It's definitely a render. The lighting in the background is way too uniform to be real IMO.
we just say /r/woooosh around these parts
I'm not much for karma whoring but this deserves to be on /r/gaming and getting 60k+ upvotes OP.
Or Rush.
I realize I'm 10 hours late here, but I think the goal is to wait and see if public opinion changes enough to force the Senate to remove him. Right now, sure, we could get him impeached. But if we wait a bit and drag it out, there's a chance we could impeach *and* remove him.
It helps when the entire country is the size of a smaller than average state in the US. Bit easier to organize mass protests.
I tried it with Drumshanbo Gunpowder Irish and it was delicious. Plymouth too. But those are similar in price to the Botanist around here, so...
How can any person watch him speak and think he's even remotely intelligent? Every time he comes off as if he knows nothing about the topic and he's the world's worst bullshitter.
Shows off your car building / metalworking skills, is fun and wacky.
Because 90% of lurkers either don't understand that there are different subs with different purposes or are bots.
I wonder if we'll ever get a point where someone can post something about Captain Marvel without people immediately insulting Brie Larson?
Every day he's detailing the top 10 signs of cults.
Not to mention all the times he's made typos and tried to pass them off as coded messages to people "in the know." &amp;#x200B; Also Fox News does a pretty solid job of making sure you don't get your news from any other source. &amp;#x200B; Also the authoritarianism. &amp;#x200B; Guys, I think Republicans are a cult.
I wonder how much karma this image has generated for the hundreds of redditors that have posted this so far.
winner
Have you met this fanbase?
Is there a reason you can't just tell us here?
That's nuts. I always just assumed the scene was there to confirm the fan theory that Craster was giving up his sons to the Walkers and they turned them into more White Walkers in exchange for his safety from them.
We wouldn't be brothers if we didn't occasionally hate on each other.
Maybe so.
This shit has to be posted by bots. The number of times I've seen this exact gif with this exact (incorrect!) title is mind blowing. &amp;#x200B; Not a train, and not a surfer.
I know it's subjective, but all 3 of those sound amazing to me
I'd love to see one of his supporters defend that statement while simultaneously being shown a pic of Trump in that tux he wore last week.
/r/WatchPeopleDieInside
I can tell it's trying to communicate, I just can't for the life of me figure out what the message actually is. &amp;#x200B; Is he pro Trump? Pro tech? Banks? Jews?
How can one person be this stupid yet hold so much power?
But this isn’t Brie Larson
Lots of reasons. Tired of playing male protagonists Like how they look better Smaller hitboxes (in some games) I think there are generally 2 types of people playing games. Those that imagine their character as themselves and those that don’t. Type 1 just can’t comprehend how Type 2 can play as the opposite gender. But the answer is as simple as it’s just a character to them, not themselves.
/r/unexpectedbrooklyn99
I don't ever say this lightly, but Jesus Christ Reddit.
I'm assuming you're referring to a deus ex machina, which is when someone or something is introduced at the last minute with a contrived solution to a previously unsolvable problem. A solid MCU example is Howard Stark's video to Tony in Iron Man 2 to solve the palatium problem that was killing him. &amp;#x200B; I'm curious about what unsolvable problem you think she solved in Endgame. She blew up a ship, played running back for a hot second and got curb stomped by Thanos. &amp;#x200B; Edit: You could make a case that her saving Iron Man in the beginning was one, but usually they come at the end of movies.
I don’t see how it could be read that way. He said she was a deus ex machina in Endgame, which is a common movie trope. I asked him to specify how that applied to her. What part of that is gatekeeping?
Mini looks great! But why is that paint pot open? It's making me uncomfortable. Do you paint straight from the bottle or do you just enjoy peeling paint off the lid you filthy heathen?
It’ll eventually become a non-issue as self driving cars begin to take over the road. No idea what we’re supposed to do for the next 20 years though.
Not without a massive drop in public opinion within republican voters.
You should really source this copypasta.
50% would be the high water mark for his approval rating for his presidency. Let that sink in a bit.
I’m jealous of your supermarket.
Just a crazy theme. The board game (well, card game) is pretty substandard.
The mobile app clearly marks things as cross posts
Lmao yeah it HAS been really stable. You’ve got that 40% slot locked down. Moron.
I really don't think voter apathy will be a problem in 2020. The younger generation is pretty engaged already, certainly far more than my generation (Millennial) was at their age. &amp;#x200B; I think the turnout will be more about availability of voting locations and ID checks in red states.
That seems to be the game plan. They're just not speeding the process up any because the closer to the election the impeachment proceedings happen, the better it is for Democrats.
/r/beetlejuicing but in real life?
I... what... &amp;#x200B; I'm trying to figure out why you would ever choose gin to take shots of. At least put some vermouth in it, lol.
I'm trying to figure out how we live in a world where he's the President and doesn't realize that he can investigate things himself. He had control of all 3 branches for 2 years and jack all about this despite it being a campaign promise. &amp;#x200B; Oh, this is just a hilariously shallow diversion tactic? Ah that makes more sense.
The damn Reagan era Republicans, which all current Republicans idolize for some reason (Trump literally stole his campaign slogan), would be aghast at the current state of the party. Actively encouraging Russians to interfere with our elections? How could anyone support that and call themselves a patriot?
I distinctly remember Trump claiming he was essentially an isolationist, or at least promised to pull our military completely out of the middle east. &amp;#x200B; Not that I believed it at the time, he'd promise literally anything to anyone in order to get elected, but that was definitely his stance pre-election.
The wealth inequality of our species is going to skyrocket. That’s what will happen. Rich people will live far longer than poor people due to their access to the technology, hoarding the worlds wealth even more than they do today.
Mmm desperation.
You literally just made up bullshit to excuse it. There’s no logic to it. It’s like Star Wars fans coming up with extensive fan theories to explain away every poorly written thing George Lucas put in the movies.
Maybe it's just because of my life experiences (motorcycle rider, lived in an area where 90% of drivers are tourists), but ultimately you're responsible for your own safety on the road. If he wasn't driving like a dick he wouldn't have wrecked his car, regardless of whether that lane change was legal. There's no excusing this dude's behavior.
Considering how little the plot moves forward in the latter half of this series, you could almost cut entire books out and not lose anything meaningful for TV.
This subreddit is so frustrating sometimes. &amp;#x200B; People posting pictures of their baller gaming tables they either bought or made = good Articles from *Bloomberg* pointing out to business people that boardgamers have lots of money and like fancy, expensive things = bad
So fucking predictable.
That's a hugely opened ended question. &amp;#x200B; I don't think any home bar is complete without Plymouth gin but that's because it's my personal favorite. It's slightly different than a london dry but still similar. &amp;#x200B; Not sure where in the states you are, but if you want to get him a craft distillery gin I'd try to find Brooklyn Gin. Roku gin is another good option if you want to branch out a bit.
/r/unexpected
Scarecrows are pretty flammable
It was those GOD, DAMN, O'DRISCOLLS.
He’s a troll account
I’m impressed at how many people you’re still able to hook. One of the last good trolling accounts on Reddit.
Would definitely fit far better if it was cut right after he hits it the 3rd time.
Not to mention petitioning the wrong company.
Part of me thinks if he actually did attempt a war with Iran we may actually make some headway on invoking the 25th. But I'm praying it doesn't get that far, and I'm not even religious.
Holy shit, fucking lol.
You know it's a good set when nobody can agree on which ones are the best. 1, 2 and 4 for me, by a long shot. All are good though.
It's like 85% crop and 15% gif.
Is it Muy Thai but applied to volleyball?
I always assumed it was to preserve the surprise that they fit practically the entirety of RDR's map into RDR2's and you don't even find out till after you've beaten the game. Kind of a cool surprise. Still not cool that it's almost impossible to finish the legendary hunting stuff with Arthur.
Solo is totally separate from the main series, it doesn't really need to fit anywhere because it has no impact on the story.
I don't I've ever seen either one of them flail around carelessly. Mostly I just meant that we always have to come up with some kind of in-universe explanation other than "Guiness is an old dude, the lightsabers were fragile and fight choreography wasn't a big thing in the '70s."
Really? Because anyone who threatens the life of another with a gun deserves whatever karma they get in my opinion.
/r/watchpeopledie
The biker is the one braking to get close to the car in the beginning as far as I can tell.
Or, more likely. You’re enslaved and kept in a comatose state while they use you like a battery to power the earths energy needs.
Looks very similar to Liam Ashurst’s work, I like it!
Holds up spork
Literally any of them could beat Trump. Trump is the least popular president we’ve ever had since we’ve begun tracking approval ratings.
Democrats are a hodgepodge of progressives and moderates, it is not a progressive party (yet). So I fully suspect in the end their platform will be in the middle. But most of the candidates running this year *are* progressives so that gives me hope. &amp;#x200B; I think that no matter who we end up with, even if it's the worst possible choice of the main contenders (Biden), the threat of another 4 years of Trump will bring people out to vote in droves
Would certainly make cucumber gimlets that much easier to make.
Not in any direction that would help him though.
That's closer, but it doesn't quite drive the point home. Maybe his ex-Secretary of State could put it better.
I think your mistake is thinking the media cares about who wins. They're corporations, they want to make profits, and Trump drives clicks like no one's business.
This photo looks like a composite.
Sure, for the political climate. I'm talking more about the social climate. I just don't think people are going to get jazzed up for an elderly white man who is a little more touchy feely than is appropriate given the me too movement. I can't imagine why anyone would support Biden over Warren, for instance, other than the name recognition. &amp;#x200B; But given a choice between him and Trump there's really no choice to be made.
Maybe he's just using a high ISO and that's making the effect more pronounced, but the scale of those lights compared to the formations they're illuminating would have to be huge.
/uj this is some next level wordplay shit.
Elantris is I think his earliest work? Easily the weakest of the bunch.
Some might even call them deplorable.
Wow it’s been around that long?
Every day we stray further from the light.
I’m pretty sure it’ll be the opposite, actually. They’ll have a Democrat in office again, I’m getting Trump will completely disappear from their channel and version of history.
/r/selfawarewolves? &amp;#x200B; I agree that had he been a Democrat we would have thrown him in jail long ago.
This is so much more difficult than they make it look. Applying too much torque and what you're tying on goes way off center and looks like shit (and won't trick a fish into thinking it's real).
I like to think that they shred all the paper documents, not even realizing that everything is kept electronically as well. &amp;#x200B; Like the Fappening, only for treason.
It's an easy, cheapish way to change the color of your car and protect your paint. But if your original paint is fucked up (rust, rock chips, dents, etc) it won't hide those imperfections. &amp;#x200B; The materials to wrap a whole car will run you $500-$1,000 depending on size and quality. But paying someone to do it will cost you 3-4 times that.
And Warren will stand in line for hours while people wait to take selfies with her.
Numbers are all we have to go on. As long as she continues to qualify for debates and keeps a steady stream of cash coming in to keep her in people's minds, she's got a decent chance.
Oh my god, is that static?
I'm sure the dude is worthy of being a target but I just wish we'd get our asses out of the middle east.
If that was me I would have gotten through but had a belt loop get caught and inadvertently pull my pants off.
Rule 10
Not an accident, nor does Congress and the rest of the world support him in this.
Is this the final straw that gets the Senate to remove him? Jesus fucking Christ.
I feel like I'm the only one on earth who likes this exotic. It's inconsistent but just being able to tag an enemy and know their position is huge for me.
Not a huge shocker, he's an ideal candidate for her VP slot. But I'm surprised it came so early.
Here's hoping. I'm excited Castro endorsed her so early. They're a good fit and I'm tired of watching Bernie hog the 2nd place spot.
And the fact that we fucking *lured him there under the pretense of peace negotiations and then killed him.*
I mean, you know the answer already. Some of it is fervent supporters, some of it is his robust campaign presence on the site, some of it is bot activity propping the posts up.
Yang is polling at like 3%. What are you really expecting as far as media coverage?
He’s never polled above 3%, or at least he’s never been a major contender. Why would the media cover him?
Meanwhile, on arrr politics, there's an opinion piece on how Bernie Sanders will unite Democrats and beat Trump that has literally over 20,000 upvotes and numerous gildings, and it's full of all the shit comments you would expect.
It’s the difference between realists and whatever you want to call die-hard Bernie fans. They read opinion pieces that posit that’s he the only viable option to save lives/beat Trump/unite Democrats, which feeds into their fanaticism. It’s great for getting clicks because they eat that shit up. Whereas for the most part all other candidates supporters recognize that there are many ways to skin this cat and any of them would be preferable to the oozing, festering pustule currently in office.
A single state he polled above his national average (which has been under 5% the entire race) in which he trails the 2 leaders by nearly 20 points probably isn’t helping make me look like an idiot as much as you think it is.
I didn't, though? It's the hardcore fans that encourage opinion pieces to be more extreme when relating to Bernie. Though I did notice that that article has an /r/politics post with like 30k upvotes and a dozen gildings, yet not a peep about the one written for Warren.
But I see these posts on the front page every day. Clearly Bernie must be surging if I see posts about him surging so often, right?
Mom said we have 20 seconds before we go to Grandmas. Awesome!
Then they can blame the democrats again, which is their favorite pastime.
If you can figure out the board elements for this I would love make an oversized version of this to play.
But hey, at least we helped catch the Boston bomber.
Did you miss the entire 2016 primary season? We're about to the point where we were back then. Just wait till it's down to just Biden and Bernie, then it gets really egregious.
He doesn't, really. He just barely scraped by in 2016 and he's done nothing but alienate anyone outside his base. Just about any of the Democratic candidates will crush him.
This idea that acknowledging it will somehow cause people not to vote is ridiculous. We all have brains, we can all recognize the importance of voting regardless of his chances, especially when it's someone as dangerously stupid as Trump. He's done everything he possibly could to push away independents and fence-sitters and he's unified the left against him. None of those things happened in 2016. &amp;#x200B; In 2016 he was an unknown. He was boisterous and stupid but people really didn't know how his presidency would turn out since he talked out of both sides of his mouth at all times. Now we know *exactly* what kind of president he makes. Which is no surprise to any of us, but might be to some of the people that held their nose and voted for him last time. As long as we don't nominate someone who truly scares them again, a la Clinton, this should not be a difficult election. &amp;#x200B; I also don't think it's fair, at all, to imply that voter apathy is what lost us the election in 2016. *That's* a dangerous mentality.
Are you trying to insult Obama's public speaking abilities? Or trying to imply that Trump was a good public speaker 3 years ago?
Is there a motorcycle equivalent to EV West? I've been having a hard time finding decent sites to put together an electric bike conversion kit.
Oh I totally misread you then. Trump almost never does use one, that’s why it’s so strange to see him deliver an actual, coherent speech.
Is it already time for our daily "Bernie can win this" post? Oh right, it's every hour in this sub.
Fuck me same here. I’m a diehard fan of hers but if Bernie starts to actually look like the front runner I’m going to have to drop my support of her and I really, REALLY don’t want to do that.
Don't forget ignorant! If you don't support Bernie it's only because you just don't know any better.
I swear I've seen this image multiple times.
He can keep saying this but it doesn't change the fact that he's impeached.
Girl, come on. Get yo shit together.
Is that the same lady from Sharp Objects?
It's not hard to be anti-Iran but also anti-war. I seriously doubt most people fail to recognize Iran's issues, they've been well known for a long time. It doesn't mean we should be assassinating their high level government officials in an allied country when we lured them there under the pretense of peace talks. &amp;#x200B; Not a single Republican or Trump was supporter was complaining about Iran until Trump decided to assassinate one on a whim.
And that if given the opportunity we would gladly, *gladly* give him up in lieu of them attacking us.
I feel confident we've passed that point already.
Lie about what? Trump pulled us out of that deal over a year ago. Where was the outrage about all this terrorism from Iran leading up to this assassination? Fact is it didn’t become a big deal until Trump decided to assassinate someone and now the GOP is struggling to find an excuse for it.
I feel like you’re just trying to move the goal posts. The Iran deal was put in place to keep them from developing a nuclear arsenal in exchange for lifted sanctions, which they were following. The GOP pushed against it because they thought it made us look “weak” because all they know how to do is drop bombs in the Middle East. So Trump pulled us out of the agreement. Now, years later, he decides to assassinate a government official on a whim, totally not as a shitty diversion from his impeachment, and the GOP is trying to come up with a valid justification for why he did that. The first was that they attacked our embassy, which is laughably incorrect. Now they’re trying to say he was funding terrorists and was planning an attack on us, of which they’ll of course offer no evidence of.
Having not read the book the show was great. I might be biased because I love Amy Adams though. Not sure how good it would be if you knew how it ended up front.
I think we’d settle for him stop running for President.
I noticed a distinct lack of bullshit opinion pieces on politics today. Their campaign must’ve finally realized they overdid it.
If you're a foreign government they'll give you whatever you want for some cash. It's a pretty solid deal I'm sure.
I won't attempt the shaders, but: Head: Optimacy (Eververse S1) Arms: Mechaneer's Tricksleeves Chest: ~~Intrepid Discovery Vest (Eververse S6?)~~ Nope not that one, still looking Legs: Still looking for the name (Eververse S???) Cloak: In Memory of Cayde
Or, alternatively, maybe most people in this country are centrists\* and it has nothing to do with attracting Republican votes. &amp;#x200B; '\* anyone to the right of Bernie Sanders
Seriously? They voted for Clinton. She won the primary by 4 million votes and the popular vote by 3 million. Meanwhile Bernie was mathematically eliminated from a 2 person race by Super Tuesday.
He says while stripping those protections from the EPA.
This is one of the dumbest takes I've ever seen. I'm sorry, this is just ridiculous.
I think he's just calling OP ugly, as well as the girl on the left in the pic.
Whoa that cloak looks fantastic from the front. I should give it another chance clearly.
I feel like it’s repost day or something. My front page is like the repost greatest hits right now.
Burnt toast.
She is threatening the profit of the corporations that dedicate a *lot* of money to make sure conservatives voters in their best interests.
Good for you, making sure your prediction is accurate by not participating if your guy loses. You staying home definitely isn’t a vote for Trump.
I HAVE to hear this.
Yep we sure learned when you did it last election. Thanks.
Is it a dvd specific issue?
If they really had been playing that long you’d think they would remember all the other times the community complained about this mid-season.
Almost downvoted this out of instinct. I can’t wait till he’s no longer president and we can actually get him banned from Twitter.
Bernie hits first place in a single poll in a single state Bro’s: points at butterfly, “Is this a surge?”
I seriously worry that the attack on Iran was some kind of favor for him to perjure himself for Trumps benefit.
Trumps whole playbook this entire presidency is delaying the inevitable. He’s desperately trying to run out the clock. He knows this won’t hold up but it’ll take time to get through the courts and he’ll delay it at every step.
I think they played him perfectly honestly. Left us wanting more but that’s not really a bad thing. Adam Driver killed it in all 3 movies.
Thank you, lol.
Wow, this guy went all in. Even included his email address. You never go full retard.
I mean, my in-laws use the domain that their internet provider gave them. Boomers are weird.
/uj but for real, the time limit on the season pass card is frustrating and creates a sense of urgency that isn't fun. /rj I want to play a new fully fledged campaign that creates new characters and has meaningful impacts to the world around me every single season. I'm also not happy that the season pass includes 2 new armor sets (one as an ornament!), a new exotic weapon, an ornament for that weapon and 20 nostalgic engrams for $10. This is clearly a ripoff. I mean the new Eververse set costs more than that and I only get one armor set. Bungo plz fix.
That seems a little hyperbolic. I play almost every day for an hour or 2 and I probably didn't finish the card till 2 weeks before the end of the season. The time limit just seems unnecessary. We're paying for that content, we have a determined path to get there, but *only* if you can do it in 3 months. If the idea is that you play the way you want, you shouldn't be beholden to completing every bounty available every day just to get the rewards you paid for, IMHO.
She's the only candidate in the entire field that has shown any amount of upward progress. She's the only real wild card in this race. Edit: Other than Pete, who is trending upwards but a lot more slowly.
That's just disingenuous. The vast majority of players *need* those bounties to come even close to hitting the cap. You'd have to put in an enormous amount of time to get there otherwise. You need to go up one level almost every single day to get there, and you only get an experience boost for 5 of those levels a week.
That's because Bernie never compromises on anything, ever. It's great if your goal is to elevate yourself as an idealist. It's not great if you want to actually accomplish anything in this government.
He has had only a handful of co-sponsored bills pass in his *entire* career, which is decades long. Jesus Christ his entire campaign spends most of its time trying to push away other Democrats rather than actually working with the party he's running for. He literally never offers any kind of details as to how he plans to get any of his ideas past Congress, which has a huge number of Republicans in it.
Way to completely dodge the question. The current political landscape is that Republicans control the Senate and are likely to do so after 2020, and the Senate *is part of* Congress, to start with. Sanders won't be submitting *any* legislation because the Executive branch doesn't do that, and the Democrats in the House are not beholden to him in any way. The "establishment," as Sanders' supporters so lovingly refer to anyone that actually participates in the Democratic party, will still be there even in the unlikely timeline where he is elected President. They are not the same as the GOP which will apparently fellate whoever ends up in the big chair, even if it's the dumbest piece of shit in the entire country. &amp;#x200B; So again, how does Bernie intend to get his ideas passed the Republicans in the House and Senate, and the "establishment" Dems who he consistently brushes off?
He's their only source of information. It's easy to convince people when they literally only listen to you.
He says, ignoring the fact that his obstruction of the investigation is part of the reason he's impeached.
He’s also yet to be proven right. It basically comes down to whether or not you believe you can convince the entirety of Congress to completely recreate the way our government runs in 4 years. His campaign was a grassroots movement in 2016 too and was mathematically eliminated by Super Tuesday. He lost the primary by an enormous margin.
That’s not remotely what I said and these comments are dangerously obtuse. Our government is based on compromise. We don’t live in a country where one person decides how things are done. It’s one of the key principles of this country. This idea that Bernie’s refusal to compromise is somehow a positive is ridiculous. His entire platform is based on completely recreating the way this country works. How does he plan to accomplish it without compromise?
Nah, I heard it's president was a complete fuck face.
/r/HailYesCorporate
Is Bernie not in charge of his own campaign? If you found out that Biden's campaign was sending out info like that against Bernie, would you not hold Biden accountable?
I’m not saying she has a great chance, but she’s many peoples second choice and a lot can happen in the primary. I agree that we’re likely looking at Biden as a candidate.
They don't even think, they just fly planes into buildings and torture and dismember journalists.
The thread about it in Liz's subreddit is hilarious. Currently sitting at 170 upvotes and 1.4k comments. Bro's are mad.
I'm glad she said it. This buddy buddy shit is intolerable. This is a primary and they both can't be the nominee. Throw him to the curb now, but in a respectable way, and let Bernie and his toxic supporters drive away any potential undecideds now before the first primary. Hopefully she learned that there's no way to win any support from Sanders' supporters, and the ones that could be persuaded, she probably just made good inroads with.
tHeY hAd LaSaGnA
I'm sure we'll get it as soon as we get proof that the talking points memo was really just a volunteer and not actually used by the campaign even though those talking points are used all the time.
Why have I never considered moving consumables to the vault.
This is an excellent litmus test for the state of this sub. Getting 2016 vibes all over again.
I mean he has held a commanding lead the entire time. It would be an upset if anyone other than him won. The only person in the entire race who has made any real headway is Warren and she's dipping back down again. Bernie has not made any material gains this entire primary season.
Repost this to /r/politicalhumor and receive all the downvotes!
Maybe we can co-opt the Bernie Blindness moniker to explain it.
Oh for fucks sake. When rebutted with evidence you fall back on personal attacks instead of just dealing with reality?
Or she dropped because she tried to appeal to Sanders supporters, mistakenly thinking that's the best direction to go. A lot of her supporters (me included) preferred her when she focused on attainable goals like her anti-corruption platform and school reform. M4A has no hope whatsoever of getting passed Congress and with an oncoming economic downturn it's the worst possible time to try and upset a huge industry with hundreds of thousands of jobs at risk. You can't "out-idealist" Bernie Sanders. He's *the* big picture guy and he's attracted a lot of support because of it. I personally think most of her supporters support her because she was more focused on attainable goals.
M4A would eventually be a massive benefit, yes, obviously. I too don't want healthcare privatized. But Trump will have fucked the economy something fierce when he finally leaves and M4A will absolutely upset the insurance industry, which employs hundreds of thousands of people. It will impact doctors offices, hospitals, and of course pharmaceutical and insurance companies. Acting like we can just implement it (ignoring the fact that it would have to get past Congress, which is half controlled by Republicans) without missing a beat is naive to the extreme.
&gt; It is naive to think we can generate a massive grassroots movement for a public option that actually leaves our healthcare system more vulnerable by simply expanding the level of bureaucracy. Bureaucracy: a system of government in which most of the important decisions are made by state officials rather than by elected representatives. An interesting choice of language for someone pushing for government run healthcare for every citizen of the USA.
I'd be shocked if any of the presidential drop-outs endorse before the convention. But then again Castro surprised me so who knows.
Is this sarcasm? Her email was in no way "vicious and nasty." But it's an interesting choice of language, for sure. Maybe call her shrill and emotional after tonight's debate.
1. You're assuming that Bernie is in the right here, which there's absolutely no evidence either way to support 2. She didn't attack him, she clarified what happened in that conversation after Bernie denied it. But I guess any comment that doesn't praise Sanders is considered an attack around here.
This is just blatantly disregarding reality in favor of a fantasy. &gt;It will after 2020 when the blue wave against Trump gives Dems control of both the house and Senate and Bernie is President. If we're exceedingly lucky we'll get a small majority in the Senate. Those Republicans will still be there and you honestly won't get across the board support from moderate Democrats either, because: &gt;During an economic downturn is when people will most need assistance to take care of their medical needs. Absolutely true, but not at the cost of hundreds of thousands of jobs during that downturn. We bailed out the big bank's for the exact same reason, it will only exacerbate the downturn if you intentionally fuck with a bunch of people's jobs. M4A would impact an enormous amount of jobs, not to mention the fact that his M4A plan only works if you assume a healthy growth in the economy, which we absolutely would not be having during his presidency. &gt;Bernie's goals are not only attainable, but they are necessary. Again... the GND is necessary. Even if it's a difficult thing to get through, we have no other choice but to try and get it through. Half-measures are not going to take care of the climate crisis or solve the economic plight of millions of Americans. They might be necessary, but ignoring the fact that Republicans currently control and will continue to be a large part of our Congress and will oppose any and all of Bernie's plans won't take care of the climate crises or solve the economic plight of millions of Americans either. Bernie and his supporters are great at coming up with good ideas and fervently believing these things can be achieved, but he and you all have no actual plans on how to realistically get them passed Congress. It's why no moderate Democrat will support him, and why he hasn't gained an inch of support since he started this race.
Well thank god for that, lol. You never can tell these days.
According to who? Bernie Sanders. And there’s no evidence whatsoever to say who’s wrong or right.
This video has like 2% laughter in it.
There’s literally not a shred of evidence to say who is right and who is wrong here, not to mention it’s a complete non-story about a disagreement over a dinner, yet here you are literally claiming she should quit her job over it. Honestly, how do you get to this point?
You see, Sanders has never told a lie, so it must be Warren who isn’t being truthful here.
Surely this will hit the front page of arr politics
It’s a long time coming. You just can’t be buddy buddy all the way through the primaries.
Oh this one is good. Insults Dmitri and infers Putin is gay too, which we know gets under his skin.
It’s absolutely not organic over there. It is. Lots of bad faith actors and I’m quite sure the campaigns are actively managing it as well. It can’t be a coincidence that every pro Bernie post has platinum and multiple gildings immediately even if it’s an opinion piece.
It’s true. They certainly never intended to include brown people or women.
Dude, she DARED to contradict Bernard Sanders. She is literally Eve right now.
How did I not realize that was him in Jason Bourne?
I want Warren's new campaign slogan to be No step on snek &gt;:(
It just struck me, do the Trump's even have a dog? Isn't that like a thing here? I can easily remember Bush's and Obama's dogs.
Wamen can't be stormtroopers but if they can their armor should be thicc.
Even with the sensationalism, imagine being so out of touch with reality you read that chart and think Bernie's list is in any way achievable. He's running for class president and promising recess all day and candy for lunch.
I'd definitely keep it as stock as possible, these bikes had gorgeous lines from the factory. If you want to mod it, focus on improving things like riding position, stopping power and shedding weight. I do think the earlier model stock seats are more attractive than the '78 but I don't know if it's a direct swap or not.
The term is Centrist you filthy secret Republican.
Sometimes I lose all faith in this species. Victim blaming really, really pisses me off.
I think it's hard too because we try to be a welcoming bunch, both this subreddit and the campaign in general. But we don't need the toxicity from the one specific candidate who's support base is full of it, that's for sure. I like it when Pete or Biden supporters wander in here. It's just the "but have you considered that Bernie is better than Warren at literally everything" posts that are infuriating.
I really don't think it's as much bad faith actors as people like to assume. Russia pushed Bernie in their campaign to disrupt the Democrats in 2016 and I'm sure they're continuing to do it today, but it does them no good to pretend to be supporters of a candidate but be so vitriolic they drive people away.
He knows he's on borrowed time at this point.
For the normal conservative, it's pretty easy really. Most people don't watch the news, and those that do watch Fox News, which paints him as the best President we've ever had. Plus he lowered their taxes and is de-regulating the shit out of everything. All good things in their minds. As long as they can avoid having to hear him actually say anything, he sounds like a pretty good president to them. They probably literally don't even know what was found in the impeachment inquiry.
I wasn’t aware that acknowledging that Russia pushed Bernie in 2016 means I’m dividing democrats. Our intelligence agencies all agree it happened.
Oh come the fuck on. Did you just ignore the Mueller Report? [https://thinkprogress.org/the-mueller-report-is-definitive-russia-meddled-in-the-election-to-help-trump-win-a554ec6a3f4a/](https://thinkprogress.org/the-mueller-report-is-definitive-russia-meddled-in-the-election-to-help-trump-win-a554ec6a3f4a/) [https://www.washingtonpost.com/politics/inside-the-russian-effort-to-target-sanders-supporters--and-help-elect-trump/2019/04/11/741d7308-5576-11e9-8ef3-fbd41a2ce4d5\_story.html](https://www.washingtonpost.com/politics/inside-the-russian-effort-to-target-sanders-supporters--and-help-elect-trump/2019/04/11/741d7308-5576-11e9-8ef3-fbd41a2ce4d5_story.html) [https://www.businessinsider.com/bernie-sanders-central-to-russias-pro-trump-2016-strategy-study-2019-4](https://www.businessinsider.com/bernie-sanders-central-to-russias-pro-trump-2016-strategy-study-2019-4) I'm sure they're doing it to this day. I'm sure they're pushing all underdogs in this race for that matter, including Liz and Pete, and I'm sure they're attempting to discourage supporters of all candidates from voting in the election if their candidate loses the nomination. &amp;#x200B; Edit: Of course, looking back through your comment history, all of your posts here are defending Bernie and his supporters. I haven't seen a single positive thing you've ever said about Liz in this sub.
Imagine not caring about the results of a years long investigation into election interference and then calling someone a liar when they point out what happened.
His knees were weak, arms were heavy.
Is this the point in history where it starts to sink in for him?
Welcome to the frustration of being a fan of this game. Sign up for their newsletter and keep an eye out for sales, which are basically store restocks and new models being added.
Seriously, I'm so ready for this to be over and we've got a whole damn year to go.
Yikes, that beard is a crime against humanity.
Yes it's fucking glorious.
So, Bernie supporters.
I would love to buy a snake themed mug but I suspect the campaign is above that.
Moore can go fuck himself. He's the one that opened the door for Citizen's United with his Fahrenheit 9/11 movie.
"army" = 20% of Democrat primary voters apparently, lol
Lol, I always love seeing the comments about how people were totally a Warren supporter but then she had the audacity to disagree with Bernie Sanders so clearly *she's* the liar and now they're voting for Bernie. Do you really think anyone takes you seriously?
Are you just taking the very first poll you see? I posted the aggregate, which is kept up to date. He's sitting at 19.2, today, against Biden's 27.2.
Or, alternatively, Bernie did say something about a woman's chances at getting elected in 2020 and she's rightly angry at him for denying it. All of these comments always, *always,* come from the standpoint that Bernie is right and Liz is wrong.
Believe whatever you want. I don't have the time to explain how charts work.
This sub has become just AOC’s twitter feed. How is this murdered by words?
He gave them the idea. He made a movie that was basically just anti-Bush propaganda and advertised it on TV. Citizens United brought it to the FEC and argued that the ads were "electioneering communications" but the FEC turned them down, citing free speech. Well then guess what the fuck happened. Citizens United realized, oh shit we can use all these other avenues to trash political opponents and get around these pesky campaign finance laws. And THEN here comes the Supreme Court, which fucking agreed with them, basically declaring that corporations are the same as people as far as free speech issues are concerned. And now anybody, including PACs, can put whatever the hell they want on TV, which led to rich people obviously funneling shit tons of money to these PAC's since there's no restriction on giving money to a non-profit, which led to rise of Super PACs, which is where we are today. You can donate all you want to a PAC and they can spend it however they want to trash political opponents. All thanks to Michael Moore. Well, really we can blame the FEC and the Supreme Court. But I hold him responsible too.
The car is sexy but fuck me that's some sexy lighting in that shot.
Why are these comments always framed as if Liz is wrong? Why is it so hard to believe that she's right and rightfully standing up for herself here?
I don’t really get to interact with his reasonable supporters. I only see what’s on r politics and the Liz Warren sub. I keep hearing they exist.
Oh please, I’m quite sure we’ve all questioned just how progressive this country is since we elected Trump. I’m sure there is nuance to whatever that conversation was about but they both seem to want to sweep it under the rug at this point. But luckily even though Sanders seemed to want to avoid any possible issue with Liz’s supporters, his supporters spent the next 3 days making sure to alienate as many people in her camp as possible. Which is the only group Bernie could pull from for support.
Horseshoe theory man. They’re the same people, with the same cult mentality. I also tire of seeing Bernie supporters play them off like it’s not a serious problem and not real supporters. They’re all fucking over this website and the mods of any of the half a dozen Bernie subs (!) do nothing about them. His in person campaign continues to ignore the vitriol his supporters spew. I seriously doubt he meant for them to attack Warren and her supporters over and over for the last 3 days considering we’re his literal only hope of winning, yet he has done nothing to acknowledge or combat the issue.
Just be content that his supporters are so incredibly tone deaf that they regularly lash out and attack the only candidate and her base that they could potentially pull voters from. It won’t get better when he loses the primary, then the disinformation campaign will really begin. That’s when we’ll see so many comments about how the nominee backstabbed Bernie or how the primary was rigged or how they don’t deserve your vote because they should have to earn it. This shit literally won’t end until Bernie dies. He’ll be 84 and primarying the president in 2024.
Those trials weapons are so good now. I pulled out that auto rifle and the sidearm and both are in a great spot right now.
This is why religion sucks.
Gonna need a source on that one. I simply can’t wait.
Oh definitely. I think anyone imagining that we’ll get some huge movement towards M4A or any other major change in the next 4 years is largely ignoring where we are today. The Senate is likely to remain in Republican control and without working together with Moderates in the Democrat party whoever wins will have virtually no hope of getting anything accomplished. In addition, Trumps trade wars will have led to an economic downturn, and his tax cuts and farm bailout will have crippled the government’s ability to help. Whoever wins will have quite the challenging presidency. To me the biggest difference between Liz and Bernie is that all of Liz’s plans work within the framework of how our government works, and a lot of Bernies involve scrapping it and starting fresh, which just isn’t possible. I personally liked her a lot more when she focused on achievable goals like her anti-corruption and school reform plans. I don’t think it’s a coincidence that she started to lose support when she started focusing more and more on her healthcare plan.
This is how you do a damn gif. Ends with like 8 different looks at the finished product.
If this is a serious question it’s because Reddit is constantly flooded with articles to push Bernie Sanders and to sow discord about every other candidate. There have been a slew of articles just like this that try to push people away from Biden in the last couple of days and usually they’ve been spun so far they would make Project Veritas proud.
Go see if the Cocktail Chemistry Lab dude is single. Then you get cocktails plus that voice all in one package.
It kills me. KILLS me that Lucky Pants are so useless.
This is some /r/SelfAwareWolves shit, lol.
1. Getting money out of politics is something all the candidates support and is a complete sidestep of the issue. 2. How does he intend to reverse a Supreme Court decision? He has nothing to do with the Judiciary branch of our government other than suggesting new SC judges.
It's time for our daily op-ed pushing Bernie that gets gilded within minutes and has many thousands of upvotes. This is a totally organic movement and people just love giving reddit money to push these articles to the front page on a daily basis.
I mean, I'm saying that. We have a shit ton of unused space in this country. I'd much rather give land owners a subsidy for planting trees on their farmland than growing corn to make inefficient fuel or to feed to cows which exacerbates the issue.
People think the Elite controller is crappy? I'm OOtL here, someone help.
Clinton won the primary by 4 million votes. The "establishment" is literally just Democrat primary voters.
Wow that's nuts. I guess I've just been lucky then.
I know of another person who is universally disliked yet has a cult following and has huge rally attendance.
This is really crux of the issue for me too. I don't mind missing out on raid gear or any other high level gear, but time gating the Season Pass card is just ridiculous. I feel like I *have* to log in every day just to unlock everything I paid for, and they're just damn cosmetics. I can no longer do the other things I enjoy if I hope to unlock this seasons ornaments and emotes. If it was the raid exotic, no big deal I understand I won't ever be able to obtain those. But armor ornaments and emotes? That's ridiculous.
They have to, otherwise they'd have to question whether Bernie can be wrong, and that could lead to an identity crisis.
Assuming any of his supporters actually see this, which they'll do everything in their power to bury.
TCW is the pinnacle of Star Wars content and I'll fight anyone who disagrees.
I generally like her and I'm glad she's part of Congress, but this is fucking rich, claiming that it's Biden spinning the facts and not Bernard and herself.
Do you hold the same feelings about AOC's comments about Biden? She's a private citizen, she has every right to her opinion. It seems people only react this way when it's Bernie being criticized. There's a massive double standard here.
Oh *come on*, we should be better than this. 1. She was voted in by her district, legally. She beat a *10-term* incumbent to win. So she clearly *is* qualified to be there. 2. She graduated cum laud at Boston University with a BA in International Relations *and* Economics. 3. She's the youngest person to ever serve in our Congress. Does your cousin also have those qualifications? God damn, sometimes this sub feels as bad as the Bernie subs. Not everything has to be black and white. Just because she's a pain in the ass doesn't mean she isn't qualified to be there.
I've gotten along mostly fine in here as a Warren supporter. I'd like to think this sub will put up with just about anyone as long as they don't support Sanders.
It's ~~infrastructure~~ surge week
I don't know what her motivation was but if there's one thing that can be universally said about Clinton, everything she does is strategic.
It's happening again :( Reddit will be insufferable until the new president takes office.
How is it cumulative? It would only be cumulative if it was a constant presence on the screen right? If you switch off gaming and watch a movie it’ll essentially reset it.
How could that be possible? Is there an article or something that explains why this is? Burn in is an issue with persistent features, right?
That's very helpful, thanks!
Anything C&amp;H does (or Matt from the Oatmeal/Exploding Kittens) is automatically going to bring in a ton of people.
Clearly she needs it, lol. Maybe it's like a handicap in golf.
Just why? This has nothing to do with TPUSA *at all*. Oh, right. Because Bernie supporters have to ruin every sub they can.
God this shit makes me so angry.
Nerf... Starkiller? Isn't Isn't the whole point of the game that he's ridiculously powerful?
I'm suddenly questioning whether it would be in our best interest for the Senate to remove Trump after all.
Gotta say, that cut is a thing of beauty.
Some just hate the people he hates, some are compromised because of the GOP email hack in 2016, some are scared shitless they’ll lose their job if they stand up to him. Basically, fuck’em all and I hope they’re all held accountable in some way in the future.
Furrow his brows, wag his finger.
Just like in 2016, redditors (whether real people or not) will post *any* pro-Bernie article they see and it always reaches the top. So we'll have daily posts about surges and momentum and any official in any state that endorses Bernie, but when primary ends and he loses, those people who were duped by this will feel like the primary was rigged against him, which leads them to feel disenfranchised and feel less likely to support the nominee. Again.
That’s just not true.
Yep totally not toxic. Totally normal behavior.
Newsflash, he IS impeached.
We impeached the President for 2 things. 1. Obstruction of Congress, which even you should be able to admit he did 2. Abuse of Power, wherein he withheld aid that he legally could not hold back until Ukraine publicly announced an investigation into his political rivals son. I understand it’s hard to keep up when you only get your talking points from the President himself.
I would vote for a literal pile of shit in the general election if it removed Donald Trump. I largely have no problem with Bernie himself. I don't think he's the right choice heading into what will undoubtedly be a terrible economic downturn, but I will absolutely be voting for whoever the nominee is. If we were back in 2016 and he had won the nomination and we managed to take the House/Senate, I think Bernie would be a solid choice to make some much needed progress in this country. I supported him in the 2016 primary even though I was in SC at the time and realized how hopeless it was. But all of his plans rely heavily on government funding (obviously), and Trump has neutered that already, and increased spending, and gotten us into trade wars that will bite us in the ass. He has propped up the economy as long as he possibly could but there's no doubt where it is headed when he leaves. And that puts us in a terrible spot to have a president like Bernie Sanders.
He also brought us Citizens United. He’s done so much for this country.
\[X\] Doubt
Farenheit 9/11 *was* just propaganda. That's all Michael Moore fucking does. And Citizens United was right to take it to the FCC, but for whatever reason they sided with Moore and that paved the way for where we are today. He is the origination of the argument that corporations have free speech. It's the reason Super PACs exist today. I guess the ultra rich are only bad unless they support Bernie Sanders.
It's so much better when you turn it on :P
"Mind games." Surprisingly, claiming executive privilege for not releasing documents and testimony in *your own* impeachment inquiry doesn't hold water. If it was another investigation, maybe it would have.
I'm honestly not sure if you're trying to prove my point or not.
Is Mando not a big first impression?
Bernie supporters complaining about the ultra rich and Bernie supporters fellating celebrity endorsements.
Wagons are where it's at. Oh wait they're all gone :(
I’ve now seen it twice outside this sub.
Yes, but do we really want Rand to be played by a *horse?* I mean, what's next?
This is the shit I come here for. Thanks for posting some decent content.
We had the 3 series wagon still until the newest generation. That’s what I have now, an F31.
No, but I expect y’all to always chime even if you’re not part of the conversation. I’m used to it.
Poor Bernie, the Big Newspaper establishment must be running scared and that’s why he can’t secure a single decent endorsement.
I’m a millennial, but it doesn’t surprise me that you paint anyone who doesn’t support Bernie Sanders as those things.
There are a lot of really desperate people in this country and putting all your hope in someone who promises you everything you’ve ever wanted is preferable to realizing that you’re going to be in a really shitty place for a long time. That’s most likely why Trump won the primary in 2016 and why Bernie has so much support today.
Gosh, sounds like the only solution is to call witnesses and provide some evidence.
This is remarkably shitty. Bravo.
Can't trust politifact, truth and facts and logic have a clear left wing bias.
It *kills* me that we're not getting this. I absolutely adore this thing. They've perfectly balanced retro and futuristic styling and it looks both very high tech and very high quality at the same time. That dash is equal parts '80s goodness and ultra-futuristic. I hope it starts a trend of taking more retro cues for futuristic cars. I would love to have a classic '80s wedge shaped car that is electric today.
I've never seen this mask before. Is it PS exclusive? Edit: nevermind, I can actually google.
Someone post the original. It’s so amazing in its own right
Y'all are nuts, right is amazing. Maybe a different helmet option to spice it up a bit but I love the lines.
This whole thing seems manufactured, somehow. The slow burn leading up to the impeachment inquiry, Pelosi holding the articles from the Senate, the Parnas drama coming out, and now Bolton. It's like they leave this administration just enough rope to continually hang themselves with every new revelation. At this point I'm honestly not sure if they'll remove him or not. This could be the GOP trying to build the narrative of why they supported him for so long before ultimately removing him because they had no choice.
I still think BMW has done this best with iDrive.
MODSSSSSSSSS
Bernie was eliminated by Super Tuesday. They didn't "stop" anyone. He just didn't have the votes.
They absolutely do sell them individually though?
Don't trust the news. Don't even trust the entertainment channel that pretends to be news. Only trust me. &amp;#x200B; Edit: Did he really just tweet like 16 times in a row? My front page just went crazy
Yes but now he’s gone up another 2 points so we need at least 5 posts on the front page about this development.
This is very likely to happen.
It doesn't really matter *why* they support it as long as they do. Legalizing is beneficial for both sides.
Ah, but you see, it doesn’t matter what your views are. If you don’t support Sanders you’re a centrist.
Corporations will always have an advantage over small businesses. They have greater capital to deploy. It doesn't matter who votes for it, when it gets legalized it will be large corporations who take the lion's share of the market.
Quite the diverse group they've got there.
It's slim pickings over there.
Is this the mythical pussy pass?
This narrative is so god damn tiring. Not only is it disingenuous, all it does is encourage people not to vote if he doesn’t win the primary again. Bernie just didn’t have the votes in 2016.
If you were playing Boomer Bingo this car would give you a full card.
He truly is running this country like he runs his businesses.
So happy to see these meme format catch on.
Did you just say Sanders and compromise in the same sentence?
By that same metric Biden has more presidential appeal than Bernie, though...
And the thing is? Not a single one of his fans knew about him prior to 2015. He was just some useless Senator from the whitest state in the nation.
I’ve been playing a ton of gambit prime and I rarely ever seen someone with the armor on.
There are many dozens of us!
They’re both populists and they both appeal to the extreme of each side. If you subscribe to the horseshoe theory it’s not really surprising at all.
Ridiculous. Guess it's time to open a new inquiry in the house :shrug:
Find one single post in this sub showing a positive Biden poll. Hell, find one single post in this sub that paints Biden in a positive light, period.
Honestly? They *should* be concerned for him. He's stoking the fires for no reason.
He’s already said he going to label Antifa a terrorist organization, so I assume he’s going to start imprisoning and torturing American citizens.
Chances are there are protests already in your city...
And by identified and dealt with I presume you mean given high ranking positions in his administration?
I think this says all that really needs to be said about her choice to say it, lol.
She's rehabilitating the Karen name.
Wait do they ever look better than that?
Considering it was already cross posted from a relevant sub, no.
Lord, I just realized that taking a knee in this instance gives 2 *very* different images but still supports the same movement.
That's legitimately surprising for some reason.
Their gender being naturally superior to the lesser sex. Because they have literally nothing in their lives that they excel at so they have to fall back on being male.
God damnit please bring this to the US
This is the only thing that explains their behavior to be honest. Just look at Graham’s comments about Trump pre nomination versus post. I know he’s a spineless cretin but the contrast is ridiculous.
You should post this shit on your real account rather than hiding behind a fresh alt like your boy hiding in his bunker.
The administration is literally classifying people who are simply opposed to fascism as terrorists and Republicans somehow don't see a problem with that. Just, how?
He doesn’t have that power, nor is he competent enough to pull off a coup.
Seems to be a concerted effort lately to post videos of the police being bros. Timing seems suspect.
These karma whoring accounts are cancer.
Oh good, problem solved. Ok lads, it’s time to pack it up and go home.
I’m gonna need the brand of that washer.
This post has 1.7k upvotes, so obviously yes. People will believe anything.
They only care about themselves. It’s never been about fighting against the government unless it specifically tries to take their own guns.
I think the key is that they’re all selfish assholes and just don’t care about other people. If it doesn’t affect them personally they don’t give a shit.
Whoa, a video that actually fits the sub?
They're definitely using tear gas when they don't need to be though.
Associate with blacks? After they cost Bernie the nomination twice?
The dude really didn't seem to be pushed that hard. But it's not some fucking conspiracy, he's *76 years old*. Old guys are prone to falling even without being pushed. Acting like he's some kind of crisis actor is, well, standard operating procedure for Trump.
Nobody specified the age of the sheep.
Sounds like starting this Fall it's no longer really a sequel.
Nice dodge on explaining where Bernie is in all of this.
This is the best looking armor they've ever designed, D1 included.
Well, yeah, Joe Rogan.
And even if you spoon feed it to them they turn around and say "well he doesn't *believe* in those plans and won't actually push for them as President"
We know.
I’ll gladly take them pretending that things would look even better if Bernie was the nominee as long as Bernie isn’t actually the nominee.
He says without a farts breath of sarcasm.
He knew what he was getting himself into. Good for him for taking a stand in the sport that most likely has the largest number of racist fans.
If you mean both the morons driving on the wrong side of the road, sure.
Does the artist also name the card? And somehow he determined exactly where his card would be out of the entire set?
RIP this sub I guess.
It’s a blaster!
How much of this list is real? Because some of these listed are way too on the nose for him to have recommended. Fucking Handmaids Tail and Man in the High Castle? Edit: I believe I’ve been bamboozled.
I also got it on my first strike run.
Even after the data fuckery they’re doing. It’s just incredible.
Trump also helps with this as he is continually pissing us off.
Your only hope is to subscribe to the newsletter and hope 1. You get there before everything is gone 2. They’ve blessed you with choosing to restock what you want to buy. It’s a shit show. Especially considering how much they took in from their last Kickstarter.
Well yeah, half of them would gladly bring back *slavery* if given the option it seems.
Maybe I'm just out of touch, but what other pedophiles have we recently elected President? Or do you mean in government positions in general?
This seems random, but you look like you could pull a killer cosplay of Hector from Westworld.
There’s probably a greater number than you’d think. I grew up a Republican, even voted for W. My moment of clarity was seeing their response to gay marriage. My single core issue is equal rights for everyone, full stop, and id never been exposed to how Republicans willingly and continuously vote to keep certain groups from having equal rights up until that point. People leave the party all the time, you just don’t hear about it much because most people either aren’t that political or don’t talk about it online for fear of internet morons who pile on for no reason.
No, everything must be a conspiracy to keep Bernie from being president.
The finite energy of his body is finally failing him.
That really slipped off the radar. Did we ever actually find out if he's dead or not?
This guy really doesn't seem that fragile...
&gt; But Hillary had a ceiling. Some say it was made of glass.
Good bot
Ain’t nothing odd about why that is satisfying.
I'm pretty sure out of all voting blocks, losing black voters is at the very bottom of Biden's worries this election. They overwhelmingly voted for him in the primaries.
And can’t even play the original :(
Wait it does? The last time I tried to install it some kind of DRM bullshit prevented it from installing it correctly
I clicked knowing full well what it would be and did not leave unsatisfied.
/r/justblagh
Also coincidentally the first time he's ever spoken the truth to a reporter.
Yup. My biggest suggestion for improvement is don’t ever sprint and take it slow. If you’re sprinting you’re just throwing kills to the other team.
I mean, he’s a Republican. That’s what they do.
Since no one is answering, it's for sale under Drifter's Prismatic whatchamacallit.
Handing out deadly diseases to islanders for hundreds of years.
This is the worst take I’ve ever seen.
/r/technicallythetruth
At least he’s upfront about it I guess. Better than all the assholes who pretend it’s for “heritage”
/u/repostsleuthbot
Oof, you failed us big time
Combative tone maybe? Reddit is fickle.
Bourne Identity is another good example.
She’d absolutely solidify the bridge to the progressive vote, not that it’s apparently that large of a bloc.
Anyone want to jump in with a bOtH sIdEs argument right now?
It’s the secret to paying off your student loan debt.
This quote is also bullshit, unfortunately. You strain out the ice either way and you still have a full power cocktail. Shaken cocktails traditionally have citrus and stirred cocktails don’t. But it’s just general preference. But please don’t shake a Manhattan.
But in the end it all ends up in the glass. So unless you’re only drinking half your cocktail you’re still getting the same amount of alcohol. It will make it taste weaker but it’s still all there.
Fucking hell I want that ornament so bad.
He certainly could have kept the pressure in to actually involve Trump and his family in the investigation, but ultimately yeah there’s nothing he can do but present his evidence to congress. Not even interviewing Trump is just flat out unacceptable.
Do people really care if a post is an ad if the content is decent?
There are some good options to choose from but for me nothing will top Winter Soldier.
I ashamed to just now be learning that Michael Keaton played Beetlejuice. The makeup isn't nearly enough to make me not immediately recognize him now.
This is such a strange hill to die on.
It needs to come from within to be effective. Republicans just ignore *anything* that Democrats say. They've been taught that all we do is lie.
/r/selfawarewolves
I’m seriously worried about mail-in ballots this year. Trump is basically broadcasting that he’s absolutely going to fuck with them. They will get lost in the mail or not counted or counted severely late. This is even more so because he knows it will be mostly Democratic voters using it. I would not trust a mail in ballot this November.
They can’t fathom the idea of incremental progress, so they’ll bitch on Twitter and remain irrelevant while Warren and her team continue to actually work with people and get shit done.
You god damn motherfucker.
Nice of them to include chairs for goblins.
Seriously, these are just the dumbest fucking threads.
What the fuck
Is this not the standard state of being for all grandmas?
Extra control supposedly. Ventriss’ and Ahsoka’s new sabers are also bent.
Not just cool with it, actively engaged in it.
Lmao at the mods knowing how bullshit this sub is and blocking a bot that calls out reposting bullshit. Although in this case said bot has failed us massively.
He can't even watch football anymore.
After like 15 minutes, yeah.
I’m interested to see how the last wish weapons look with this
This is fucking crisp. God this must look amazing on the table.
/u/repostsluethbot
That’s exactly what I said to my wife. “Those damn teens didn’t troll us, we had legitimately pathetic attendance from his fans thank you very much!”
Somehow positive. I don’t understand either.
Dude still almost lost a hand from the bear trying to grab that ice cream when he stops, lol.
If they would add flat spots for the number markers for Catan I'd be all in on this.
Seriously, this dude gets a ton of credit.
Yep, had a dude compliment my beard in a drive-thru and it seriously made my month.
Ok I’m in then. That’s going to look amazing.
No, but nuance gets lost in times like these
They’re so close.
It’s both bad and good. Just enjoy it for what it is and stop bitching about it (not you, personally)
I’m kind of rooting for this now.
His tweets are always riddled with typos.
Their July release is aquatic themed and looks amazing, it’s a good month to join.
I... is he encouraging his supporters to point guns at BLM protesters with this tweet?
Oh good, we haven't had a CAH bashing thread in a while.
Are we rating the prank or the cut scream? This sub has more scripted vids posted than anything else.
This is great!
It’s technically nowhere near as good as Empire but it is easily my favorite main series movie.
But it did eventually lead to an email investigation into Clinton which likely prevented her from winning the election even though THAT investigation also found no wrongdoing (well, extremely limited wrongdoing). So from their perspective, money well spent I’m sure. Democrats are worse than terrorists I guess.
It’s not rigged if that’s the way it was set up.
But wait, then why does Bernie keep losing primaries?
He knows he's full of shit. It's a persona to appeal to the base.
The fact that the audio sounds like it was recorded on my 4 year old's karaoke machine while submerged in a fish tank?
The Democrats send their regards.
The first one linked in that comment is fake and is peddled only by t\_dotard users [https://old.reddit.com/r/announcements/comments/hi3oht/update\_to\_our\_content\_policy/fwemuf4/](https://old.reddit.com/r/announcements/comments/hi3oht/update_to_our_content_policy/fwemuf4/) The majority of the rest had to be pulled from an archive site because the mods had already removed them. Cherry picking at its best.
Hate based on religion isn’t identity based maybe?
I'm quite sure anything you find in Discworld is satirizing existing works on purpose.
You can for the low low price of $10/mo per app.
I think it’s more the dam is breaking and people are releasing damning information about him. He’s always been this way. He’s a hateful narcissistic moron. But now his aids and prior cabinet members are turning on him to ensure he doesn’t get re-elected.
Out of all the nicknames he’s been given, this is by far the best.
