Hush I never seen it
Kinda sad tbh
I follow the maker of these edits on IG, forgot his name. Cool shit.
Wow it doesn’t look naan like it’s supposed to.
I stepped on a needle looking at this photo.
You’re lying if you wouldn’t eat this
We know, we know.
You must be new
Man I hate that dance so much. Lol
“for the kids” have never worked.
Some seasonings would bring out the flavors better but do you boo boo
Hot and sensitive? *fans self*
Noooooooooo
Is this healthier than regular butter ?
So don’t use butter made from sunflower / vegetable oil ?
No she wasn’t lol. She would just stink eye her and talk under her breath.
Just a note the man behind the actual design of this is another .. &gt; “The design of the tube man was invented by Peter Minshall, an artist from Trinidad and Tobago, along with a team that included Israeli artist Doron Gazit[1] and Arieh Dranger[2], for the 1996 Summer Olympics.[3][4][5][6] Minshall originally called his invention the "Tall Boy". Gazit eventually patented the concept of an inflatable, dancing human-shaped balloon and licensed the patent to various companies that manufacture and sell the devices.” Wikipedia source. I’m from Trinidad as well, we are very proud of this.
&gt; “The design of the tube man was invented by Peter Minshall, an artist from Trinidad and Tobago, along with a team that included Israeli artist Doron Gazit[1] and Arieh Dranger[2], for the 1996 Summer Olympics.[3][4][5][6] Minshall originally called his invention the "Tall Boy". Gazit eventually patented the concept of an inflatable, dancing human-shaped balloon and licensed the patent to various companies that manufacture and sell the devices.” Designer was from a small Caribbean island.
Not his design
Link??
So if I catch a ball I’m expected to give it to a kid? Is this a regular thing?
Hawaii is expensive periodt
I seen this guy before what felt like a few years ago. Maybe Reddit will do it’s magic and help him out.
A movie for when I’m sleepy, got it.
Took this exact pic when I got my first camera
To be a perv? No not really
You’re awesome!
What were they drenched with?
Tacky
Does the tire not move regularly? Is it an abandoned truck or whatever it is?
Huh
No he got the pic from someone else
I got a flat on one of those torn up tree roots. Had to walk like 30 blocks and beg a train conductor to let me on cuz I didn’t have $
If you don’t record a good act is it still done?
Don’t you have to pay for a VPN?
Tanning...injections???
“Cool can I have my magarita now ?”
I’m sorry but I couldn’t be a news anchor. I’ll be on the floor laughing and prob promptly fired on air.
I read it as holographic and was confused to the big reveal.
How long does that last?
Must be a guy. Sweat rag for women means no makeup ever lol
Behind the scenes video...
I can’t get past the dozen egg dumpling
Jesus was it missing some poles? That’s super dangerous wtf
Was it really your friends?
Most of those are spot on but the Wednesday Addams one is super accurate
It’s a common protective style for dreadlocks. Doesn’t belong here.
PETTY crime? Are you for real?
My neighbors would think it’s left out for free takings.
Seems fake. I don’t know. Couples do obnoxious shit like this for likes so much I’m jaded. I can’t believe it’s real.
He ran downstairs to try to help the kid. To him he thinks the kid fell.
Easy to tell it’s Canada
Yessss. This is oddly satisfying to watch. This was my usual route to work on 6th st. Had to dodge so much potholes and construction between 1st st and 6th.
What about them being found in their hotel beds after drinking from the hotel bar part? How to explain that??
What you mean not allowed lmao?
Whatever soft material that is, it’s going to filled with lots of bodily fluids, graffiti tags, and maybe even torn up in a couple of days. If it’s easy to come off it might get stolen too. Also bed bugs. We can’t really have nice things for long in NY.
He’s in high school. It’s what the kids do these days
damn did they both just get out of prison?!
which phone can take such a wide angle shot?
Need to trim some weight bro.
The topping looked like raw spicy tuna / salmon and I got excited.
Wtf was he shot with a BB gun
That was erotic
In NY my local Stop n Shop was 4 blocks away. Target was 10 mins on the train. Bodegas (delis) were like on every corner. Everything was within a ~15 min radius.
My brain
Thought it was a kitten at first. Smart kitty.
My Apollo app doesn’t give sound neither
I think the thank you and recognition makes their day / Job worth it. It’s not a game they don’t need “prizes”.
Is his eyes like that because of the liver failure?
Wasn’t even thinking that until you brought it up
She was so at peace she finally let go. Heart wrenching.
In my culture it’s cooked into a curry or tamarind stew. Pretty yummy.
See that would make me move the heck out as soon as I’m able to. I don’t see a reason to live in a place as you described.
What’s the name of the contacts ? It’s a nice honey color.
I remember this post. Now I feel like I’m on reddit too much.
This is like 4+ years old. I don’t think anyone knows the original.
Is that law real?? So no more first and last just first?
There was that much bedrooms back then???
Can the big bad wolf blow it down since it’s made of sticks?
I don’t believe the caption but I also don’t think it’s heavily photoshopped. Looks like she did lose weight
damn they Rosa Parks her
This looks a bit forced to me idk
Sounds like a commercial lol
Took me a min to realize what he does - modeling right ?
I thought he was a rapper
He’s a dude! I’m a dude! We’re all dudes!
Why are people still gathered if they moved the body?
A lot of NYers seen some traumatic shit. Most aren’t really going the extra mile to seek therapy lets be honest.
Damn that’s a lot of steak!!
Damn OP does she know you exposed her here lol
Can you update if it’s normal or not? I’m curious!
She was so young. Only 20. And accomplished a lot by then. Such a tragedy :(
The Apollo for reddit app sucks I can’t hear anything :(
Makes me think orange drawer handles might be a good look for a kitchen 🤔
The details, lighting and texture is great. There’s a very strong emotion coming through. I like how you captured the fabric of her bra. Does the grapes symbolize anything in particular? Also what’s the black line going across her?
And it takes up space being at that angle, it’s bothering me. I’m sure it’s moveable anyway.
I don’t see on my iPhone... maybe there are cases with it. Good idea though!
Burn
Damn you just straight up stopped answering him on 6/5 😭 lol are you a guy or gal?
She has a screen in front of her...she gotta be a real inconsiderate knob to not even think the person behind her has a screen too. Even if there weren’t screens, to have your frazzled hair all up in someone’s space is just rude lol braid it to the side or grab a woogie to tie it.
Can you refill the ink? If not how is it BIFL? Does it still work only because the ink hasn’t been used in some time?
Is this new news? If so come come they didn’t do it before?
Wow I wouldn’t want to cut into it. Just missing some sesame seeds and bacon for perfection.
What’s the height difference?
Are they on her like that for warmth?
Did the post about the dwarf inspire this? Seems very painful and I cringed the entire time.
*cries in New York *
Your opinion still counts! I’ll never be ok with my niece dating someone like this and her entire fam will let her know.
*jorts
I’m dying for you
This is my favorite color. Are you in NY by chance ?
Kid looks like a whole attitude but I’m just judging from the pic. Prob a sweetheart with a bad boy hairdo
It breaks neck but likes it’s feeling ... does not compute.
Understood most of those words
My credit card was hacked RIGHT after I bought from Shein. I didn’t buy anything else online or in person that day so it had to be through their website. Never again! Also got a really cute dress was delivered with a rip/hole right in the boob area so it was unwearable. They didn’t offer any exchanges / refund so that was a fail. Just sitting in my closet... all the other clothes are made of decent quality and fit. Some are a wee bit small so I’d suggest sizing up just to be safe.
Shading makes a big difference, gives anything more depth.
I think you still have to watch your calorie intake (am I right?)
A lot of times when you have a great hairdresser/ barber who knows exactly what you like and how to do it, distance isn’t an issue. People stick to their hairdresser even when the hairdresser moves location.
More cringe/corny than tacky.
Yup
Girl on the right is distracting with that orange glow
I’m angry for the dog. She didn’t deserve that. Wasn’t her choice. Also for the train conductor and anyone else involved in the clean up. The trauma that will live with them forever. The deceased’s person pain spreads through others in different ways. I don’t have sensitive words to describe how I feel about that so I’ll say Rest In Peace and I’m sorry your friend was in that much pain and desperation.
~~Any with English captions~~ Had to open it in YouTube. Apollo sucks. Anyway she has a really adult vocabulary for such a young age. And their apt is really nice (comparing to usual Russian homes we see on reddit)
Wow how many calories were you eating?
I like it. I kid a wish bits of her tattoo were lit up. Kinda looks like a big bruise in the shadows.
So I just won’t use them for liquids, right? Or is it just bad period?
The corner store for a baconeggandcheese sammich
Hover hand hugs
I like your version better. Puts more of spotlight focus on them.
She got moniiiiessss
And beanies fit much better
Less calories for one
Who else is still a loser after a decade? 🕺🏽
How you on BPT but don’t know Lizzo 🤧
Was the left one all natural ? She was perfect then.
I was really upset at the ending. Can’t he ever be happy or just stop??
I need this as a screensaver
The one way to get a proper answer really
Call the store and ask
Vegan Barbie
The video for it is hilarious too but I think the title is misleading when you see the actual video
Yes
Wow they didn’t even try.
Everything I hear about Sikh are good things. I wish I had them as neighbors.
That is some trusting body language the coyote is using.
Wait can I do this to bracelets??
I’m still stuck on making a heart from the circle.
He’s doing his best ok
I’m honestly thinking of holding off my visit to the US (was aiming for March). I already have a fear of flying, with these threats in the air, I’m going to have a legit anxiety attack getting on one now.
We would never have poverty if the rich did more things like this.
I slept like this until I was about 7-9. It was crazy comfortable for some reason
This is posted every New Years. We are getting paid a pretty penny for this, I’m sure it’s a coveted shift.
You can do this!!!
A mother would never use the word baby sit for her own kids so why does a dad do it? This adds to the whole dads can’t be single parent attitudes, you’re just parenting as normal. Do you consider parenting a woman’s job or something?
Photo ain’t that’s funny, title is more interesting.
Which kid is getting that hugggeee bear??? It’s also hilarious when they’re carrying the drunk boy away.
I’m convinced it lowers my libido, makes me dry af and I’m gaining weight/bloated while on this.
Ah no thanks
Doesn’t mean common sense.
2020 is going to be a deadly, fucked up, year.
6/10 average, nothing stands out in particular. Not ugly though.
Please tell me the parents were confronted
Is he in there for life or did he get reduced sentence? I’m guessing the latter since he’s talking about it in the past and on Twitter
I’m so confused. How did you forget that word?
As a woman I would do it because I’d want someone else to warn me too.
Safe to say most people recognize it as prayer hands. These are the high five ✋🏽 hands that comes up in the apple keyboard when you type in “high five” and this comes up when you type in prayer 🙏🏽....So yeh 🤫
You can’t be on Reddit and have no idea about this. Just can’t. Troll.
Why is this tagged as spoiler ??
You could have learned from him, what was stopping you from hanging with him and helping out? That’s good bonding time too.
I’m gonna go out on a limb and say he was just helping his dad but sure good job indeed
Wtffff lol
I’m a little upset that a hiit workout video I liked couldn’t be added to MY personal playlist because it was kid friendly. WTH?!
It is. The tackle to the ground when they officers got in was pretty rough. I cringed, first thought of his ole hips and shit.
It’s those black genes. Also that’s the most poked out booty I’ve ever seen.
Why a beanie and not a hat??
You look amazing!! And love the dress, it looks super comfy.
He jus a little thick
Army stew???
That’s why we have thongs/ T strings.
What maid, this is going straight to the owner of the place? People more than likely clean it themselves to pocket the cleaning fee.
There’s no way you did a big chop 3 years ago. Literally no way. Edit: oh you said chops up to your chin. Still impressive for 3 years.
You look older than 23. Not a bad thing. Lips look like you use fillers and Botox other places. Bad thing.
That looks steep af. Doesn’t look possible to bike up. If I fall I’ll keep rolling until I reach something horizontal. Great colors and mood. I like the side framing with the dark trees. I’d print this.
It’s so...hairless...
What frigging culture?? It’s literally used as a joke like when someone posts about something embarrassing.
If I post some serious shit about a loved one dying and I get a F in response I’ll be infuriated. Fuck off.
er heart attacks don't always have to do with weight/being in shape. Many runners and athletes drop suddenly and die from a heart attack. Weight does increase your chance sure, but It can happen for other reasons.
What about the brass parts?
Thanks, viral but my first time seeing.
But how do you know how many calories it is for sure? Do you estimate for chocolate cake with frosting?
I love her music. It pumps me up when I’m working out. I won’t stop listening to it because she’s a jerk 🤷🏽‍♀️
That glorious light. True talent. Love the emotions. I can almost hear the laughter.
Much better. I like seeing his entire pose and all the shadows.
Glad I’m not the only one who chuckled.
That bokeh is lovely. I wish it was a little more in focus tho
Any photos of what it looks like now by chance? I’m oddly curious.
Your problem is jaundice. It’s obvious.
Sorry about the tornado that passed through your home
Why did she need to mention race 🤷🏽‍♀️
Ehh I’m not sure. Diff hair, no makeup ... something else is going on...
Omg take him to safety 😭
Staying blue
How did they create a thumb on the right?
Dying to see her reply to this reject lol
So... she got the cleavage but can never wear low cut tops now? Ooookkkayyyy,....
Does this surgeon have a show starting with “B”?
Donate to a charity instead please
I kept replying to see which one copped a feel. But that prob says more about my dirty mind than anything else...
For fucks sakes donate the money to a charity! Reddit got fat wallets. I got gold before and nothing changed for me because I browse Reddit on the app and didn’t notice any difference. Seriously, put the money to something actually helpful.
Do you not see how close that plane is???
I can grow kale indoors ?!?
If I add the entire fitness folder to my own drive do i have it forever or until the OP deletes It?
Image of the final mug? I saw the ending for like .03 seconds
Most of my jeans slowly rip in the thigh area, legs chafe crazy in shorts, short skirts/shorts ride up too much. I know this is due to my thicker thighs but I also don't want my legs too slim :(
Love how much it POPS
IKEA don’t fuck around
Cuz Brazil. Home of Brazilian butt lifts and cheap surgery.
First time hearing about that actually
Just.. don’t do it? You’ll be passed over for any possible promotions if the boss notices.
Is it cheaper?
I’d like to see a blend of both actually. I like the mood of the first too. Good job taking out the things in the road.
Wypippo
I’ve now ditched my dreams of a lipo. Nope. I’m good.
You don’t even see her face...
I wish she would just be blacklisted, banned from Hollywood, cancelled everywhere. Even before this incident, she’s just a toxic, nasty, gossip hungry person. Ugh
I love that you post on here too
Watching the baby...?
And then what happened OP?? Did you pick it up like a lil biatch?
Paste the avocado on the bread next time, I’m sure they fell out with every bite.
Where’d you get the Cactus stuff? I don’t see it on amazon :(
I really don’t know- does it not usually rain there? Is this rain helping the fires?
This ain’t a place for kids. Bless your heart🙏🏽
Dammed if you do, dammed if you don’t.
I Don’t even put my face in pics to my own bf of 3 years. You just never know when people switch up on you or if phones get into the wrong hands.
This is depressing wtf
Curvy chins are soooo in
Wtfffff. Are you saving those over a few weeks of brushing or....?
And to add to that. I feel like girls have a tendency to gossip about petty things the minute you’re back is turned.
Like drag queen or car drag race?
I have the same problem and I thought it was the app I’m using (Apollo). I do the “hide read” option and that doesn’t really work. I switched to Top and I see diff things so that kinda works for now.
I gasped out loud and I don’t usually do that. Wtfffff.
Didn’t know you can wash off the beeswax. Now I’m scared to own them. Seems like a lot of work.
Wtf. Just why?? Better hope the toilet never over flows. That wallpaper isn’t half as bad with the right decor to complement it actually. Put lots of mirrors, storage shelves and artwork to break up the prison lines and it will look pretty decent.
First world probbbzzz
That’s when I usually get it, or if I sleep with something blocking my face/nose. Literally feel like I can’t breathe. Wake up just when I feel like I’m losing consciousness, and my heart is racing.
No it isn’t lol
The black pants is very slimming and holds everything in, so hard to really tell. But I see a little growth I think :)
Looks like she's working in healthcare too, this might cost her her job, acting like that in uniform...
Never heard of hazelnut cologne, I'm really curious now... I always thought cologne meant mens though but guess I was wrong!
Is It small enough to be a carry on?
I don’t see a difference but good job
Protein makes your stomach bigger or something?? 😩 I give up
Absolute doll, nothing to worry about! I wouldn't have been able to tell if you were sick at all, but I'm so happy you pulled through. The only question I have is about the hairstyle - at first I thought they were dreads but closer inspection I see they are braids? But looks like you had them over a long period of time, so they look kind of messy at the base where new growth is. Edit: I just saw in a comment you're using the density of the braids to make the hair look fuller which I completely understand! I hope everything grows back nicely, and again, absolute doll! Wishing you perfect health from here on out.
To each his* own is the saying. Not sure if aren't a native speaker :)
I always noticed this whenever I saw it. It led to her allure and creepy mystery.
Are you a time traveler?
Every fight I been on they make it a point to announce its a full flight and some carry on might need to be checked in.
??? A ton of kitchen utensils are made out of silicone, especially ones that will be in contact with heat.
Unread unread unread
knowing now that he was indeed dead, was he just sitting there? What about him didn't alarm you enough to think he might be dead? Did he look like he was sleeping? This is so sad :( Edit: this is why my mom always made sure I didn't wear my outside clothes home...she always said I can be bringing bed bugs inside :3
4 hours?! Just fry them all in 30-1hr and they will still taste 10x better. Boiled hot dogs or whatever the hell that is is grossss.
Like the colors and pose. Only critique is next time try to move your body out of her sunglasses. Can be quite distracting.
That’s not a smile. The image looks altered even
I have no idea what’s going on
I see them in certain hoods in Brooklyn
That can’t be a NY memory
Everyone take your watch to this guy ☝🏽
That’s pretty cool.
Coffee used to have that effect on me maybe because I rarely drank it (more of a tea lover) but recently it stopped doing it. Is there a certain strength of caffeine or something that makes you go? I’m trying to have more coffee shits is what I’m saying.
Looks like the wife from [the Incredibles](https://pixar.fandom.com/wiki/Helen_Parr?file=I2_-_Elastigirl.png).
I would have gone to alll social media, all news outlets to shame the fuck out of them.
So do you have to ink the block all over again to make a print?
Is this considered low carb/healthier because there's no flour?
Can I keep you in my pocket for when I need the right words?
Wait which is the after? If it were me I’d try to extend the brick wall so it covers the boy on the left and made a full background. That’s more interesting than a plain white wall.
In the article it said a baby was dropped off at the hospital door in the winter but froze to death :(
Everyone said 5 at first even TMZ. Later on it came out to be 9.
How would they even know that though? I also heard of a witness stating he heard the helicopter flying dangerously low and making sputtering noises so there had to be a few seconds of terror, right? I’m hoping it was quick though 🙏🏽
His child was *just* born though
That’s some angering shit
Why did you even mention it then?
That bike shot does things to me. That jawline can slice cheese.
That’s no friend. She broke major girl code.
I’m upset I don’t get to see her being called out on it.
Wish it were in focus. Close to an awesome shot
It actually hurts to look at, yikes
A lot of people in the thread do. It’s the eyes.
Why did you post the same pic again 30 mins ago? 😳
Oh
Also posting to receive a digital copy/email. It’s almost as much as physical shipping.
Tig ole biddies!!
Oh damn that explains a lot
Oh Wtf this thread is a downer
Fuccccckkkkkk
Everyone has their phone out jeez
His little lips
You’re already ahead of the curve at the young age of 18! Nothing to worry about. Just be a good person, don’t let social media fool you, eat healthy/exercise regularly but not obsessively. And don’t date douche bags :)
I would stand still, be mesmerized and get my ass killed.
Perfect for a bar
The gun in the background really pulls it all together.
Imagine being so rich your countertop is the moon. Like how much would that even cost?
So you chose to go when there’s a protest happening.
Why this look like they were all kidnapped and forced to take a photo ?
I saw the video from his perspective. Funny to see a face to it.
Then I have to take a photo of it in the app and that shit is annoying.
Weird look for sure. Someone’s niche. 6/10
That store gives me anxiety. It’s a maze in there.
Yup think this is a plot to some apocalyptic movie wtf. And the curfew is 8pm on Tuesday , wonder how that’s going to go.
All I can think of is the crowd of zombies from walking dead
Uhh there’s another one that starts with a C you’re missing. And I haven’t heard anything about that plane ...
Those chunks are dark chocolate look delectable, where is it from?
lucky bastard lol
One of my fav restaurants only lets you order online through caviar or Grubhub. I can’t order at the restaurant or call them directly. Sad.
No this makes me sad. I would let the old guy keep the cat.
These photos are much better and it’s how she should be remembered ❤️
I always wondered how it felt to be hit by a baton.
Ibuprofen for when the cop smacks you with a baton I guess
Why do they all look alike?
Damn now I want to be in the National Guard. Regular job during the week and freaking badass on the weekend.
Oh wow sorry to hear that. Such a permanent decision to make :( this happened just in the last week or was that another looting?
I haven’t watched the video and honestly can’t bring myself to. I zoomed in on his face and fucking lost it.
That punk that threw something at her from behind wow
It looks so painful
Wow I would move the TF out of there so fast. As wild as NY is, I’m happy I never had to experience that level of racism.
No idea who that is but good on him!
“famous” is used loosely here. I’m sure if I ask 20 people right now most wont know who he is unless they watched Star Wars. Vs if I ask if they know who Brad Pitt is.
They are trying to tarnish his memory and name by digging up information of his past.
Can we get a list of really good seltzer’s cuz I spend way too much time trying to choose one. I just end up getting White Claw (mango is my fav).
I hope you gave the clothes to someone else
I can’t unsee the nose in the middle
It took me way too long to get this. I almost googled Officer Rain until I saw someone else’s comment.
That’s such a specific island to pick out you must be West Indian too lol
Yep I had to really zoom in to make out it’s people
In the audio version he was saying “sorry” at the end while helping the dude up. He knew he could fight and was prob only using 20% of his power.
That’s friggin infuriating
I can’t even read that so back to just looking at a photo
Opened it in mobile and it’s blurry
It’s the OPs work
Did you just wake up out of a coma?? This happened in NY. Are you aware what’s going on right now?!
Damn here’s a hug kid
Fuck dude say sorry at least after that.
I would upload the same pic but unedited and tag her.. How do you let that disrespect fly and still call them a friend? Smh
My ex boyfriend I broke up with a month ago. We were friends since I was 11, my first crush but I was always the awkward tomboy growing up. We decided to try the relationship thing 3 years ago and I realized he’s not a good bf and I wish we never crossed that line and were just friends. It’s so messy :(
You’re in the wrong sub tho.
Thanks for the reminder. I need a day of this for real
The pic on the left looks like it’s painful
The worst my nails ever felt was when the lady sanded the gel polish off. It was so weak and brittle after, I kept getting splits in the same spot for months. I’m afraid to give it another go.
I looked like an awkward 12 year old when I graduated high school. What are kids drinking these days to look so *grown*?
Me too I’m thinking a zoo got loose or something.
A sea of red ants
Did they really put the handcuffs, flashlight and baton next to the bike tools ?!
They didn’t resign though.
This is a metaphor of my life somehow
Wow that baton to the head made me physically jump.
This video is super hd, me likes
I had to go back to see that it wasn’t parasite. I definitely thought there were alien parasites in his guts.
It’s the new Apple Watch XLX10
I thought the bubble thing was on the outside which made no sense at all
Is it bad that my first thought was “wow nice font”?
Native to America annnnnnd??
She had that Latin sass tho
Aw man you shouldn’t have to pay $100 for that. I live in Brooklyn but I’m down to help you out. Just cover my train fare. Let me know. 32/F. I sent you a Pm with my number. I’m bad at checking my messages on here so just text me if you’re interested.
I don’t really know her but to my ears she sounded Latina 🤷🏽‍♀️
Pretty sure with all those reviews there’s comments about the inside and pictures too
Me too! I can’t eat them raw I’ll need them honey roasted or mixed with salads and a dressing to enjoy it.
Press 1 for doubt
Yes because in American history change only happened with elections, sure.
Someone break down why this Martin dude was so important?
The fake military tags
Common sense is the source
How TF they got a blender and I don’t?? They making smoothies down there or what? What’s your address exactly??
Every time I hear Coronavirus I hear it in Cardi B voice and I say it in that voice and 3/10 the person gets it. The other 7 prob think I have a problem.
Some cyclists have a distaste for ebikes on the bridge. Some ebikes make it a hazard for others as they zoom past and startle you and it’s a bit annoying. You had the right thought to alert them you were on their left.
Anyone who’s from NY is used to these things and usually groan when performers come on the train yelling SHOWTIME.
Hope she gets publicly shamed for her dumbassness
In there
I try to do the same but I feel like I’m not doing it right. I should get this by now at 32 smh
Color could mean noon white - Asian, Hispanic, black, middle eastern, Indian, African, Caribbean etc so yeh
that’s what you call CLASS
I love how back then everyone was so close to the stage and off their seat jumping with laughter.
Could have just sent it to the wrong person by accident. I always triple check it’s the right account I’m sending money to.
It’s mostly genetics. And I agree, you’re already an hourglass shape.
Dual income no kids
Is it possible to package the food in separate zip loc bags and give away to homeless people ?
Would it be a bad decision to add someone to your credit if they have bad credit.?
Are you Mrs Glass??
Of the cops can’t handle a situation like that without killing someone they shouldn’t be cops.
What did you spell?
You know it’s not
I heard baking soda too?
Love your style. Reminds me of the older painters. Is it kinda cubeism? I’m not sure the right terminology.
I last read he was really sick with cancer I think. Wonder how he’s doing now.
Now I’m curious to see what fiberglass looks like under a microscope after it’s been rubbed on the skin.
I’ve been meaning to watch this, thank you!!!
You just described my ex. it was such a mood killer knowing he brushed once a day.
Ok officially confused
Is it sold in USA?
It’s so pointy
Wow what a view
That’s an awkward pose though. Are you trying to make your body look more curvy? Just stand normal.
1. He didn’t pack your order so don’t blast him. 2. you’re home use your own forks.
Why do so many adults not here not know kids can fly alone on an airplane? The parents pay extra for supervised travel with the flight attendant or whoever. I did this when I was 11 and it was super cool, the attendant gave me plently snacks and drinks to make sure I was comfortable.
That’s sad but hilarious
Today is Trumps bday that’s why. Social media made it a point to flood the internet with memories of Obamas :)
Wonder if they take insurance? I have a tooth with a metal filling and it’s starting to act funny.
I follow you on IG I think. Don’t you post food stuff ?
I don’t drive so I don’t know but why would a plate have no info?
Collect as much money as I can tbh. I’ll prob go on a big shopping spree too at my favorite stores
Too real
The before gave more warm and homey vibes. The after seemed too clean, cold and rigid. But it’s your home so your preference of course
Yeh the after looks like a fancy condo in NY for a yuppie couple
Is that the same 108 year old lady who hugged and danced with him in the White House ?
Wonder if Nike ever used this image for their promotion...
At 15. I’m 32 now. Brooklyn. My early 20s was the best times, I was in LES partying most nights until 4am and didn’t wake up feeling like death. Now I pass by these same bars and feel like 80. It’s a whole different scene now.
So poker face while looking down. Got it
Damn can you share what area of Brooklyn you got a studio? Edit : saw you said Bay Ridge. That explains why it’s so cheap.
I saw it at $20 there. Is that an expensive price? The kit is $130 though.
Check the crotchet sub. Lots of people there who are really good.
I wonder how people working m at the White House, like janitors / helpers etc, how would they describe the energy in the White House now versus when Obama was in position. Do they miss him as well?
I don’t think I could watch it ever
Ahh I want that camera so bad
I miss her. She just stopped making music or I just haven’t heard anything mainstream.
I was going to comment not everyone rats out and drink frequently but he’s fresh out of college and I remembered the absurd amount of money I spent at that age getting shit faced and eating haha.
While riding my bicycle yesterday with my white (Russian) female friend she kept running all the red lights even in front of police and I’m like?? You know if they feel like it you can get a ticket for that, so naturally I was a bit hesitant to follow her. She’s like “yeh I can just go up a one way and out run them “. I’m thinking wow the white privilege is real. To have to confidence to even that outrunning police is cool.... meanwhile I’m scared of being shot
I’ve never seen this photo. This is great.
We can’t have these in NYC. People don’t have driveways. Unless they’re in the suburbs.
No one said that sounded easy
It used to be my fav beer until I stopped drinking beer. Now I’m excited to try it. Wonder where in find it in NY
Get him another cat friend ASAP dammit
Even with the quarter I still can’t get an idea of its size
Get paid. Get laid!!
Those prints are gorgeous
I’m in Flatbush too. Definitely feels more than usual. They even noted complaints are up 4000%. I’ve been here 15 years. It’s more.
Whohoooo I missed Marshalls so much!!
How does this even happen? I have a similar phone - iPhone 8. Could this happen to mine?
I loved doing Capoeira when I was younger. I wonder if my old ass can get back into it?
I can’t find a single bottle of the salted espresso on amazon, they’re only in a pair or with other flavors.
You’d have to be a special kind of crazy to pull this in NY
Damn so much going on in the world I totally forgot about this
Are you in NY too? I drink straight from the tap here.
Wow that’s crazy. Good to know.
Uh no. He’s saying you’re stranded hungry in a n*s country.
That’s an American term too ... people don’t say it much anymore but yeh, not British
He’s not in the hood part of bed stuy. You’ll know the hood part when you get there.
That’s the thing about everyone recording, if some street justice is to be served the puncher will get in trouble cuz everyone is recording it. Like put your phones away like it’s back in the day and let someone remove this shit stain real quick. Boom, commence coffee.
This is one of the things I wish NY buses had.
Now can you store that in a regular fridge for a couple days or should you eat it as soon as possible?
Like a fucking dog that’s why. It’s sub human.
I’m in Brooklyn
Most people who are doing it aren’t on Reddit though
Oh wow. I was wondering how are they going to PA so often just to buy fireworks.
NJ recently legalized fireworks. Everyone is going there.
That’s more late night / street light. Doesn’t look like natural lighting.
What’s real anymore
What’s considered off season?
Six weeks is nothing to scoff at, I’m not sure if I can make it after six days.
Is that really possible??
I do 15 trips a day on my fixie bike. My app says it’s around 20-25 miles throughout my area. My legs usually feel like jelly after.
Looks like test for kindergarten with all the ‘Roos and colors. Great going though, I prob will fail that miserably.
Oof that hurt my brain
32 in Brooklyn . Most of my friends are living life with husbands and kids. Would love to get some friends to do girly shit with and just chat.
Cash is always king. It helps me get a quick snack or drink of water on the go too.
I heard this on loud speakers at a block party in Fort Greene. It was very moving and emotional hearing it vibrating through the streets.
I do the same with my oats and pasta. Even tho the cooking instructions are common sense I’m afraid I’ll mess it up haha
Thanks for the nightmares Edit: the ending of the movie always bothered me because he definitely had more space in there for himself to be safe, just like Jack on the raft in Titanic.
I’d pay someone to teach me to paint like this. Without the whole 4 years of school part.
Ayyy that’s the homie
I’m loving the mug. With the right low cal dip I wouldn’t mind eating this. I’ll prob add a tuna salad to the lettuce for some zing.
Why does the trailer have a window resembling a plane?
I like soft too but certain food containers spill in the softer bags vs the rigid one. I wish there was a rigid insert to keep foods upright...
What??? I thought this was a photo. I kept zooming in because I thought I was missing the joke. My mind is blown.
Anyone else thinks that last dot looks out of place ?
If the right people sees this and he gets that opportunity to train in the right environment, he’s going to go soooo far
Dude do you see his environment? He’s doing the best he can with the tools he currently has. It’s obvious to make such an ignorant comment thinking everyone and the same opportunities.
An ex friend asked to sleep over many years ago because her place was being exterminated, so I let her sleep over in my room with me. When she woke up and left the following morning, I realized that my camera and some jewelry was missing. When I got to her house I only saw my jewelry but I couldn’t find my camera and since I didn’t see her steal it I couldn’t file a police report.. I even saw my camera in her photos when tumblr was popular with my meet unique camera strap! I search for her sometimes just so I can blast her on social media, but she prob goes by a different name or something.
Would be interested in seeing the update to this
It’s Nigeria. They’ve probably seen some shit already.
We fight for our mom and pops. But big dollar usually ends up winning in the end :(
The fact that it is a Jamaican restaurant makes it funnier
That was a whole movie! I loved every bit of it.
WTF HOW
Damn had one job and it’s blurry
Why didn’t you post this somewhere with more information so people can possibly get some?
ah instant gratification vs actual video. You know you can upload to SC from your video roll right?
K&amp;P always delivers
I feel like I need a diagram of this one
Goddam. I’m a woman and I want to join. I’m 32 and fit what’s up.
That person is a definite redditor
Or you know... killing someone
Your brows are everything too!!
I got brokeback mountain vibes
I usually only order water with my meal unless it’s a good happy hour.
I was an icer and forced myself to leave my brita out on the counter top in the kitchen and only drink room temp water. I prefer it now. If I’m outside and it’s scorching hot, cold water is where it’s at.
Dolla pizza for life
Didn’t even notice it until your comment
Why would the Pitta mask get you in trouble in HK? I don’t wear it because it’s very uncomfortable when it’s hot outside. It gets swampy in there. It’s a popular mask in my city so I don’t think we got the memo it’s not useful. But people are also wearing regular cloth masks and bandanas so something must be better than nothing.
I was in Bloomingdales 2 days ago and they had it
I was really in awe at the weather earlier. I’m like is that motherfawkin HAIL!!??
That show is so ridiculously fake, I wonder how the guests never broke down laughing during arguing or fighting.
There’s many other shows like it actually. It’s not the worst of our reality shows.
