Even easier to replace then.
I amazed that people feel so strongly about this.
On a side-note, 5 countries bidded to host the tournament, and the winner was none of them.
Give it a rest.
Neither deserved to win.
Incredible year =/= deserves to win the BdO
&gt;semi target So a G8 that isn't Melbourne or Sydney?
Hmm, it's still certainly doable. Specific connections obviously help, I know some in your position have done a semester abroad in the states to help in that regard. Otherwise a decent bet might be trying to transfer from an Australian office of a big firm. The existence of the E3 helps greatly, but you still need an offer for that one.
See also: 2014, 2016 &amp; 2017
Ronaldo would've been pretty egregious as well if we're honest.
The draw is an absolute nightmare. Would probably need to beat Japan &amp; Iran back-to-back just to make the final.
https://twitter.com/3nterdanement/status/1070437928109793283
First 58 year old to play in the A-League
Maradona isn't better than Platini.
Not to this sub, apparently
Human rights is a key pillar of liberalism.
Barca is a political organization as well as a football one. They've always been inseparable.
Do it for the memes.
If they had anyone remotely decent, they'd put him on a Salah-level pedestal.
I'll give Ron 2008 &amp; 2013 (putting volume ahead of efficiency), but the ones since have been pretty outrageous.
I wouldn't go that far. Being the best ever in the world's biggest sport is a big enough deal though.
It's more than being 1/11th of the team is a lot tougher to stand out individually than being 1/6th, 1/5th or whatever in other sports.
I'm not saying Bradman wasn't unbelievable, just that bush league cricket from the 20s &amp; 30s can't be compared with any decent level of professional sport. He belongs in a different conversation. Similar arguments can apply to Josef Bican, Sugar Ray Robinson &amp; Bill Russell.
Kaep did 9/11
He last played Jan 2017.
You guys would know all about that.
Why not just help people that need it? Free uni for all is a handout to the rich.
Polling on a relatively open-and-shut issue =/= Political consideration at a level that matters
Sydney &amp; Melbourne are cities, the rest are towns.
Kareem's longevity probably puts him 3rd.
I mean, pro sports in the US is hardly a free-market system.
https://nesncom.files.wordpress.com/2013/10/cristiano-ronaldo-boys-underwear-competition.jpg?w=510&amp;h=295
The Fresno metro area is just shy of a million, it's smaller than all of those.
Cue people on here picking them to win the whole thing.
They'd figure out a way to shithouse their way through.
Best Colosseum west of Rome.
Is there a reason that division wins need to matter so much? It's kinda weird when baseball teams celebrate one as if they've won the WS.
They might, but I'm not sure that matters. Riverside is kinda separate, but Burbank &amp; Long Beach are absolutely LA.
Dw, sycophants &amp; fake people exist in Cleveland as well.
Don't really follow baseball, so I'm not sure what people are on about.
2001, 2004, 2014, 2016 &amp; 2017 deserve a mention
Yeah but the target audience is Carol from Topeka, and the HT show is usually selected with that in mind.
Not in an English-speaking context.
Because Luck is always injured.
Sydney is a nicer LA, Melbourne's Boston with hipsters, and there isn't really a NY.
Yes, a relatively liberal democracy is exactly the same as a fucking terrorist group. When Israel offered a two-state solution it was rejected. 4 times. When Israel pulled out of Gaza of their own accord, they were thanked with bombs &amp; bloodshed. When Palestinians had the chance to shape the future of their nation at the voting booth, they elected a fucking terrorist group.
Champions also don't deserve to play a super bowl in Cleveland.
&gt;yanks are dumb lol -r/soccer, probably
Plenty of them still support Madrid, they just added Juve to the list.
It doesn't matter where you actually stand. Saying that they're the same is either grossly misinformed or egregiously lazy.
&gt;gloryhunting Who said anything about that? Arsenal fans appear disproportionately on r/soccer, in part because of the demographics that most commonly use the sub.
The clamoring on here for Iowa to go to the Rose Bowl instead was ridiculous.
I'm not sure this place could handle it. Their failures have constantly been used to paper over our own cracks.
Spurs winning would have a huge impact on English football. Liverpool having 6 instead of 5 doesn't change much. Them losing would have big ramifications though.
Football is a little different now compared to the early 80s. Every CL winner Post-Porto is a European giant. Again, 5 as opposed to 6 means little in the grand scheme of things.
[This is the future neoliberals want](https://pbs.twimg.com/media/DBk4kDYXUAAAAJL.jpg)
How would you feel about not shaking a players hand because they were gay or black? Everyone's welcome in our game.
Something something fully armed and operational
Because Dumb &amp; Dumber.
I think it'd more be an accident rather than anything else.
NY split into 3 is still a bigger market than Toronto.
Neo-liberalism is liberalism.
https://www.gaystarnews.com/wp-content/uploads/2018/05/Queers-for-Palestine.jpg
Israel is the only liberal democracy in the history of the region. It's imperfect, but improvements will come from support &amp; stabilisation in the region, not throwing them to the wolves. You can be pro-Israel &amp; anti-Likud/Netanyahu. Their neighbours have taken virtually no steps towards a reasonable peace, and have knocked back past opportunities for a two-state solution.
I hope you're not trying to argue that Kobe is #2 all-time.
Not everyone just chooses the most successful organisation.
It's kinda like foreign aid. Giving accomplishes little in the long-term. Buy them a steel mill or something instead.
Transitioning closer to free-market capitalism is better than what they had before, yes. It's not a binary matter.
If conscription comes back, can we send Walmart to war?
The Dems love embracing terms that already have solidly negative associations for large chunks of the population.
It doesn't really change anything tbf.
These sorts of things get settled, it's pretty standard.
Whatever they agreed to originally was deemed invalid or not comprehensive enough, hence the judge allowing it to proceed.
&gt;Southern &gt;Not even part of the global south
Are Americans a race?
Soft af
Any pro-lifers that aren't on board with proper sex ed &amp; contraception (not to mention vehemently pro-death penalty) aren't arguing in good faith.
It's not even the worst reffed finals game with Steph. G6 2016 comes to mind.
Eh, there's a fair amount of genuine succs on here.
Tuesday's pretty liberal tbf
Libertarianism is small government, not no government. Anarchists belong elsewhere.
The Bernouts have certain xenophobic views as well, but still not quite to the same extent as the Trumpists.
Sometimes being Pro-Israel is in Australia's best interests, sometimes its just in the interest of liberal democracy.
She'd be perceived as Hillary 2.0 by Middle America. Dead on arrival.
&gt;don't care about results &gt;feeling morally right. I thought 2016 pretty much annihilated that notion.
The move wasn't a hit, he just hasn't kicked on like some thought he might.
It's not all bigotry or xenophobia. Some of it's just plain economic illiteracy.
Nothing wrong with loving liberal democracy
&gt;sport sub is a fan of best ever player
Have you lived in the south?
Reaganesque Right-Neoservatarianism isn't a perfect fit either
r/soccer are cunts though
Fair. Any thoughts on court packing?
Git gud.
Trump would be a socialist in most other developed countries. /s
Truly a tortured existence
Why?
There's nothing to argue, New York is the largest by a mile, then followed by LA &amp; Chicago.
&gt;rising tide lifts all boats &gt;literally communism
I don't think they were ever pro-Trump
Yes &amp; kinda
I mean, Ulfric was more blonde tbf
Pro-Israel. You can be that at the same time as being anti-Likud/BN, but the alternatives to that aren't great.
Reddit might not be the place for it, but here &amp; Tuesday might be your best bet.
The existence of television is an anti-communist work
Neither?
You moved on for a reason bud
The alt-righters don't have principles, they just like being a dick to people
Pretty much impossible unless you're spamming or trolling
&gt;no one to enforce it Are you a Libertarian or an anarchist?
Some people want the series to go beyond 5 games.
1) More basketball 2) Folks that cheered the injury don't get to see them win it Everybody wins.
Imagine the memes
Prez
A top 10 player ever might not ever be the same because he rushed back to try &amp; get his team over the line. In a basketball context, that's pretty tragic.
&gt;promotes strong leftists views &gt;appreciate
Bran being King is still pretty fucking stupid
Well that's just plain bullshit. [1](https://www.timesofisrael.com/ilhan-omar-violated-minnesota-campaign-finance-rules-state-officials-say/) [2](https://www.cnbc.com/2019/01/31/ilhan-omar-backs-alexandria-ocasio-cortez-idea-for-high-taxes-on-rich.html) [3](https://www.npr.org/2019/03/07/700901834/minnesota-congresswoman-ignites-debate-on-israel-and-anti-semitism) etc.
Morality doesn't stop at borders.
A flawed democracy &gt; The fucking CCP
Generally people advocating for policies want them enacted, yes.
Climate change alarmism isn't what liberalism stands for either. 'The base' seems to be moving further left. The party can pander to them or stay sane, but probably not both. It's one issue, among many.
If you have any ideas other than this specific, expensive model of single-payer, and a 'Green' deal that includes a bunch of things that have nothing to do with the environment, you're literally a republican.
Probably, but that's because foreigners don't vote.
Lip service is one thing, but M4A is not a good idea in its current form.
Bringing back slavery to own the Party of Lincoln
&gt;inequality https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pdR7WW3XR9c
Doing the right thing.
Wtf is this series?
Delaney &amp; Hickenlooper are the two you can confidently call moderates
Took you long enough
Because he was the better player for the calendar year of 2010.
The Bernie bros are obsessed with Hickenlooper (and anyone to his right, I guess). It's kinda hilarious. https://twitter.com/Hickenlooper/status/1139563412466393088
Literally the Lion King
Zoning regulations
Ask Australia about that
&gt;weird appeal among the alt-right Somehow, I feel they'd still vote for DJT even if Yang was the other nominee.
IIRC, the data generally suggests that it's culturally conservative but economically more progressive. The opposite of this sub, essentially.
It's a medical procedure. Treat it like the others, one way or the other.
Because based on NBA criteria it's objectively wrong
I'm concerned with the authoritarian streak as much as anyone, but I'd stop short of calling them fascists for that alone. It downplays the real thing. I wouldn't conflate the IPA's brand of aggressive, Pro-corporate conservatism with libertarianism either.
If not for the sheer mass of private school parents, the Libs wouldn't even be competitive at this point
Have you done all the BOS quests? (Make sure McNamara remains Elder)
Not sure why you'd tell him. But yeah, if you can't complete the BOS quests then it's probably not possible.
Because they're different continents. Australia is a unique case, ditto Israel.
The constitution considers NZ a state, that's good enough.
If it's not directly inciting violence, it is. https://www.aclu.org/blog/free-speech/equality-justice-and-first-amendment
UK, Germany or the US could host it at pretty short notice
Jerusalem is where they govern themselves, period. The Palestinians were offered half &amp; they knocked it back. They aren't interested in compromise unless it means getting everything.
&gt;wanting to waste more taxpayer funds to piss off a liberal democracy &amp; pander to extremists
&gt;ideologues Is that another way of saying 'people with principles'?
I can add additional descriptors and superlatives if you'd like - 'very offensive', even 'extremely offensive'. It doesn't change a thing from a legal standpoint.
Of the 3 countries that could do it well at short notice, The US has the one after &amp; Germany had it recently. It'd be the UK.
Yes. Have you?
Yank man bad
&gt;Mein craft Wasn't that one of Adolf's earlier works?
Diego Jeffrey Maradona would never
New Vegas is the best illustration of a realistic political compass in a game.
Aside from like r/neoconnwo, this is the only substantive right of centre sub that hasn't gone down the Trump rabbit hole.
You're saying that Gorsuch &amp; Kavanaugh aren't literally hitler in a judge's robe?
[1](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_iKuMVqht4U) or [2](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zBGPw_LBiRA)
Brazilian crowds aren't kind to refs they don't like
This but unironically
See you next year
Read this as 'immigration taxes'
Corporations are people my friend.
There's no reason for football to add an arbitrary amount of time rather than stop the clock
Hopefully people stop shit-talking the socceroos when they talk about the Matildas
Two wrongs don't make a right.
Morality =/= Legality. Nice strawman though.
Not a totally unreasonable position, irrespective of polling. It's a medical procedure, don't separate it from the others.
&gt;USA
It'd probably be more interesting to see two new teams rather than one though
What agenda?
He kidnapped millions of Mexican children?
&gt;They want America to prosper, you guys Most do. Bad-faith assholes are genuinely the vast minority. They just sometimes have a different idea of what that means. It typically comes from a fundamentally different view of the role of government, and what 'America' actually means.
I'd wager that that's more the upper class
&gt;funded by government Ownership &amp; support in the form of funding isn't the same thing. &gt;shouldn't be market in the first place This isn't a perfect world. It is what it is. &gt;being against student loans make a person unfit for office Sure, but that's not what I said.
Having the right doesn't mean you should do something.
What makes you say that?
Not really true
It's led to more prosperity than any other economic system, but sure.
Why would households need to be dissuaded? They're not the ones starting wars.
2014, but yeah
Sure, but it doesn't need to cost $9T
Well yeah, he wants someone he can comfortably beat
&gt;pensions being collected for civil war service to this day. There was exactly 1 a few years ago, not sure if the person in question is still alive. It happens, but that doesn't make it any more moral to make people pay for the sins of other men. You're not even talking about an actual debt.
PSG is a circus, and playing with Messi is more fun
Deep state always wins
This but Krugman
I mean, Cato libertarians are kind of a thing.
&gt;won't let Or Bernie just won't get more votes?
Cowardice. It's not a big ask to say no to a 70% rate
AOC
Fuck De Blasio
On most issues probably Just stay away from foreign policy
Absolute fucking circus.
It'll all be vague platitudes, nothing to gain from real specifics at this point
&gt;This isn't about policy, this is personal Feels over reals always works so well for serious public policy discussions.
It's inefficient &amp; ineffective. Even if you're keen to raise taxes it's a terrible way to do it.
EITC expansion &amp; a few other things too
Why do you think they pay them?
I think it's an expression of pervasiveness, rather than a subjective judgement
What about Tim Kaine &amp; Eric Trump?
Hickenlooper is part of the coalition
Hicko mode
Sir, this is a Wendy's drive thru
Get out while you still can
Kamala is perfect if you ignore her policies
Delaney though
Biden/Harris
There are rumors that the Russians (or someone) have something pretty damning on him
Level after 120 minutes is a draw. That's kind of the point of the post.
The middle one probably. It was like the celebration scene from Return of the Jedi after Chelsea lost
If you separate the UK
Basic human decency is pretty high up the list
He's not keen on Israelis, but what did he say about gay people?
The GOP will always call the Dems far-left wackos, but they weren't really that until recently.
Depends how far.
&gt;he's more honest I don't think that's true.
One of them had to win, it doesn't make them a good nominee. &gt;betrayed his supporters The consistent lying to them doesn't constitute that?
There's a difference between someone that might vote for the guy with great reluctance, and a 'supporter'.
Eh, there's plenty of downright anarchists on here as well
For the most part, the referendum was about bullshit on buses, the Brussels bogeyman, people disappointed with their own life decisions &amp; brown people, not a nuanced debate about a complex macroeconomic union.
Because people embrace it when they lose faith in institutions, moderation &amp; liberalism.
0% No government =/= small government
Let local governments decide.
Warren also reminds a chunk of the country of Hillary, for whatever reason
Because they did a lot of good Foreign policy is messy and people die.
It's not winning it, he's referring to the record.
&gt;Let teams design their own jersey, complete with badges
&gt;Well whatever the Rust Belt is doing isn't working so why not try it? Literally how you get Trump
Doesn't look like it.
The legislature is not responsible for the execution of the Iraq war. Voting for it was the right decision given what was known at the time.
Team perhaps, definitely not club
A big change since "the 1980s wants its foreign policy back"
Tried?
"Your SAT scores were below average!"
"Don't be a socialist" is a reasonable purity test
Aaron Rodgers isn't included
Pure rent seeking
The Obama administration in general was pretty mixed at best, but I'd still take mixed over the rest of the field, who appear to just be different degrees of terrible.
Biggies in a bad way I'd hope. Court packing is a total non-starter &amp; would kill the judicial branch.
https://twitter.com/neontaster/status/1215361286671863811
Do they?
Nixon '60 probably would've been better than Nixon '68
Of the CL finals in that decade, it was probably still the worst. The Atletico ones were close though.
The rest of the Prem is as strong as its ever been, as evidenced by European performances &amp; the money being splashed around. Klopp's Liverpool &amp; Pep's City are historically great.
Trump &amp; Iran are in no way equivalent.
You can't really have greater punishment than a penalty &amp; a red.
You can call balls &amp; strikes. It just becomes the boy who cried wolf otherwise.
13 &gt; 3 is a big enough gap that there's pretty much no case for anyone else.
Good. Policy can't be a knee-jerk reaction (e.g. Beto)
There's no one metric, but I think most people would say that it's a combination of historical prestige, fanbase, commercial metrics, attractiveness for potential signings &amp; so forth
Considering that club size is a lot more than just trophies, I'd disagree. Would put Ajax ahead of Arsenal? I wouldn't.
She's a woman of color &amp; had one of those valiant losses the party seems to love
What did Greece mean by this?
Most wouldn't
Literally all of them on climate change
Still better than climate change questions
Steyer needs to tone down the self-flagellation
Climate alarmism is counter-productive Price carbon, invest in innovation &amp; fix zoning
Pete has binders full of black voters
https://usatftw.files.wordpress.com/2013/10/ronaldotweet1.png?w=1000
Broke: NeverBernie because he's a socialist Woke: NeverBernie because he's too far to the right
The most peaceful period in human history is peacetime, correct.
Yes. This lot thinks they're clever.
r/AsANeoliberal
They're basically all moderates
Cocaine Mitch is hilarious, so yeah.
Corporations &amp; military are good though.
Neither have the folks in this thread
Needs =/= Rights You are not entitled to the labor of other people Regardless though, wanting everyone to have those things doesn't change economic &amp; political realities
It's not fair to ask the US to underwrite the entire liberal world order, but the world would be a far worse place if they didn't
https://mobile.twitter.com/SFGate/status/1217255853889220609
The retirement age needs to rise with life expectancy, that's kind of the point Means testing is also a good idea
Wealth is created, it's not a fixed pie.
Sweet home Atalanta
There are more left-wing candidates in the primary than centrist candidates. It's a big tent, but at no point is it to the right of center.
&gt;democrats understand economics. At best, some do some of the time. Common policies regarding trade, taxes &amp; regulations often suggest otherwise.
The right says the same things whenever folks suggest not pandering to xenophobes.
Buttigieg is a honorary liberal. Warren is still a succ.
What racism is that?
&gt; lead the charge in removing troops while in the Obama administration. A complete blunder?
You asked how, and he told you.
Sliding into DMs usually
You'd probably find something to hate about Arsenal as well
Since Bush Sr probably
That vast foreign policy experience of his.
r/soccer is genuinely full of socialists &amp; tankies Anything political on here is a fucking mess
You will too come July
I'm sure they believe they're doing the right things as well.
Greta seriously wants zero emissions? How was that not laughed out of the room?
Just raise the retirement age &amp; means test lol.
Less trouble than AOC
It was always just about hating the rich
Disagreeing with you doesn't make someone a transphobe
Unironically r/soccer
And also because isolationist foreign policy is in the interest of Putin &amp; all other dictators
There are no centrists in the primary, unless you still count Delaney
How about rejecting socialism?
Misuse of the term
There's an argument that Kobe was never the best player in the NBA at any point in his career. I don't agree, but he certainly wasn't 'bigger than the sport'
Megathreads are designed to kill conversation
Just move lol
Reddit is remarkably left wing, and the west is generally blamed for the world's ills. Not sure where you've gotten that from.
That's not how anything works.
r/soccer is full of tankies
You're allowed to disagree with the US government. That seems like a pretty fucking big one.
&gt;Neoconservative just means super duper conservative, right?
He was listing positives
https://twitter.com/stevekrak/status/1221988232528826369?s=21
Internment camps &amp; gross expansions of executive power bad
Bernie is a red through &amp; through
&gt;fucking up the area I honestly don't think he's moved the needle much at all ultimately
Other than the far left, does anyone actually put this sub right of centre?
https://twitter.com/uaeembassyus/status/1222247890145423361?s=21
Something about 'Double Territory'
Depends what you mean by 'works'
r/soccer is divorced from the real world
Economists
In the event that Sanders wins a Presidential election, I'm sure they'd behave in a comparable fashion
*very left wing, period. &gt;very confrontational to other centrist Dem candidates Delaney is the only centrist in the race, so that seems strange.
&gt;constitutionally consistent. Which is the job of the supreme court. They don't make the laws.
You can do that with branding, as opposed to actually championing far-left policies
Baltimore is literally still trying to recover from 2015. How is anyone in support of all this?
Every dem candidate supported universal healthcare.
Most of the left tbh They see themselves as libleft though
&gt;The west doesn't have infinite power able to shut down any country No, but it does have the power to help defend the rights and freedoms of the people of Hong Kong. Canadians are born all over the world, some of them just take a while to find their way home.
Bigger nations seem to manage those issues just fine. Building more generally does the trick. Immigrants buy things and are a clear net positive from an economic standpoint, well established in academic literature. I don't think anyone is suggesting it before the end of the pandemic however.
Clegg! deserved better
*isn't radically left-wing
&gt;nor is it a realistic solution Save the status quo, it's probably the most feasible long-term solution. There's not reasonable solution that destroys the state of Israel, and I don't think Palestinian nationhood is going to disappear anytime soon.
The Israelis have offered the Palestianians Gaza, the West Bank &amp; statehood with East Jerusalem as its capital. There are a few other matters, but those are the broad strokes of any reasonable deal. The PLO refuse to even negotiate in good faith.
Fascism is just when the Police do things
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0CF8rqzRJhM
James Buchanan.
(It's real)
Context is Ilhan Omar I believe
Municipal elections in Minneapolis have like 10% turnout. They can literally select their mayor, city councillors &amp; Police Chief.
Having to exchange money for goods &amp; services is fascism
SF can call them whatever they like if they actually do something about it
Do it for Ukraine.
Property rights are important actually.
To a point yes, but they're also a lot worse for stability in the region.
DAE GERMANY = NAZIS?
https://www.cbsnews.com/news/biden-tells-african-american-audience-gop-ticket-would-put-them-back-in-chains/
Has more of a ring to it than "He's not literally Hitler but has some very concerning authoritarian tendencies &amp; little respect for norms &amp; institutions"
Probably because there's a big difference between Russia &amp; The US? I know this is r/soccer &amp; we love shitting on the yanks, but that comparison is ridiculous.
&gt;we must accept school shootings Who said that?
It's the single most important state, and any of the anti-fracking candidates from the primary definitely would've lost it.
Bill Weld is the comeback kid
Shouldn't everyone?
&gt;protesting for nail salons Bad faith. It'd be like saying these protestors are only interested in looting Nike stores &amp; killing retired police officers.
&gt;friedman is responsible for thousands of lives Milton "Genghis Khan" Friedman
[Remember impeachment?](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RUP3l0tGXcQ)
&gt;bad At minimum, he's alright. He's a centrist, and more liberal than most.
It was pretty much Newsom &amp; Dick Cheney in the 2000s.
&gt;Supports GITMO There's an argument there, but it's not a totally unreasonable position. &gt;Does not support kneeling as a form of peaceful protest Does he, or was it just related to the anthem?
&gt;conservative Aren't they libertarians?
A productivity increase doesn't necessarily change the value of labour though.
https://twitter.com/BDSixsmith/status/1268136173559517189 Cancer.
People from the UK attacking their own police over things done in Minnesota is a bit suspect.
You don't think a woman wins in 2024?
Criticism of Israel &amp; refusing to hold equivalent other nations to account probably is though.
It's difficult enough to get the Europeans on board with defending Romania, much less Vietnam. Most of those would be onboard with any serious conflict anyway.
There was something about Trump being left off the ballot in California. That would potentially make something like that possible.
They're plausibly auth-centre, but definitely more left than right
&gt;slavery &gt;entirely consensual agreements
She'll lean heavily into the woke thing &amp; it won't matter much.
https://twitter.com/undeadscribe/status/1268752930427088896 Oh shit Well played 4chan or whoever though
Leave off the bad ones though
Just to add more nuance, it can be argued that some offenders being deserving of the death penalty doesn't necessarily mean the state should be trusted to administer it.
Any more than zero is ridiculous to be quite honest.
I think there's a slow realisation that libright are correct about a lot of things
&gt;we're not catering to his ideology. Keep that energy when the succs come calling
&gt;Obama's entire legacy off of drones That was something he did well though. It was the rest of his foreign policy that was the problem.
A candidate who believes in capitalism &amp; is good on foreign policy &gt; a socialist isolationist Especially given that Mitt is better on immigration than "Koch Brothers proposal" Bernie
I actually recall someone trying to call Warren a neoliberal. Apparently that's a common slur on r/politics
&gt;slice of the pie Wealth is created though, it's not a fixed pie.
&gt;I'm all for killing babies, but do we have to give women more rights?
I think he's actually more of a succ than he lets on. He was supposedly somewhat keen on Warren.
Yeah, but it's much easier to purposefully argue in bad faith
2, but for Mitt
Taiwan
https://twitter.com/MeghanMcCain/status/1270109000001093633 If they mean reform, why don't they just say reform?
Eisenhower isn't President yet.
Sleepy Joe 🤝 Low energy Jeb
A President Hillary does not unfuck New York's response, does not fix imbalances between the states (other than getting into arguments with different ones), and does not avoid a recession.
The only want the wealth they seize from the rich to go to things they agree with
The photo-op was dumb, and not much different to Trump's bible photo. It's not a hill worth dying on.
Chicago is good though
The citizenship test is literally a game of one-on-one.
Cultural revolution
"Take women seriously"
Inalienable rights supercede any law, especially when law enforcement refuses to help. Proportional self-defense is one of those rights.
This place was always the real CLP. Kinda like how Tuesday was the more liberal sub.
They'd rather the poor were poorer as long as the rich were proportionately less rich
&gt;Australia has given all of its mineral wealth away for free. Evidently not, considering how wealthy the nation is.
[Australian GDP Per Capita, 1960-2015](https://www.ceicdata.com/datapage/charts/ipc_australia_gdp-per-capita.svg)
Biden didn't even support legalizing recreational cocaine in 1972 Literal fash
The GOP is a big tent &amp; there should be room for good-faith disagreement on that issue.
&gt;nba players come across as spoiled Because compared to a lot of other professional sports, they are.
It's not about principles or consistency, it's just about our team good, their team bad.
You can't keep people at home indefinitely. Anyone that wants to stay home is probably doing so.
Everyone here would be culturally far-left in Saudi Arabia. Maybe.
Ignoring it entirely
Israel are the only ones even attempting to negotiate a two-state solution. A Palestinian state would require PLO leadership that does not currently exist.
Most cops are good human beings
There's no reasonable solution that involves destroying the state of Israel, and Palestinian nationalism is probably too strong not to end up with their own state eventually as well.
The world can't afford American isolationism, not then and not ever. Nixon wasn't exactly conservative from an economic standpoint either, between his support for a public option &amp; environmental regulations.
Because that is the appropriate way to deal with non-citizens who break the law, yes.
Perhaps Trump can do a book after he leaves office about how poorly people have treated him. He can call it 'My Struggle' or something to that effect
https://mobile.twitter.com/FrankLuntz/status/1272205726480359424 Don't know why it was so difficult for twitter &amp; reddit to arrive at 'protests good, riots bad'
Why?
It wouldn't. People keep forgetting about the self-determination &amp; decentralization aspects of liberalism.
&gt;majority of police in the US are probably part of the problem That's ridiculous if I'm being honest. Go meet more cops.
Because she's not totally a partisan hack.
You'd probably need to know him in a context that isn't 'Him being hanged, drawn &amp; quartered in front of the entire world'
Read the fucking Kavanaugh opinion.
&gt;tyrannical evangelical rule Calm down &amp; take a deep breath.
You aren't paying much attention then.
Probably no more or less than any other young man.
You can't be anti-pollution &amp; still breathing. Change my mind.
Blade Runner 2049 is the best Star Wars film since Empire
Roe was decided based on poor jurisprudence. They're unlikely to do anything about it, but recognizing that would not be dragging anyone 'back to the dark ages'.
Wealth isn't a fixed pie, it's created. The Progressive income tax system exists for a reason, but that's very different to a wealth tax.
The bit might've gone better if you'd actually gone a day or so without a DT
If it's not something the people in 1964 included, doesn't it fall on Congress today to rectify that?
La Liga according to wikipedia
Something about rising sea levels, idk
&gt;"Hell yes we're coming to take your guns" -Beto r/neoliberal: "This is what he actually meant"
The only way to avoid pissing people off in geopolitics is to avoid doing anything.
No, just that they're not qualified.
Some of his self-help stuff seems fine, but it's one of those 'experts struggle outside their field of expertise' kind of things that neither side of politics seems to understand.
&gt;Doxxing for thee, but not for me -Woke Twitter
Didn't know actual liberals were allowed on here
It goes against Woke Twitter, but that doesn't make it wrong
Pointing out that he's set to be basically a figurehead is haram, apparently
Strawmanning is fun
Half of them are manchildren who ban anyone that disagrees with them on social issues
Edgy Portland teenagers are the oppressed people of our time
Because self-determination for communities matters, and you have to draw the line somewhere.
It's the same energy. Kill it in its crib.
Unless you're planning on dying soon, the club is too wealthy for that to be the case.
No club talks more shit on reddit than Arsenal fans about Spurs.
Trump is so incompetent that he's going to lose badly despite the left doing everything they can to hand him the election.
Too auth on immigration, weed &amp; trade
Book club ping when?
Sanders/Turner
&gt;You care about angry mobs destroying public property? What a nerd.
Leave then lol
Richer teams will have certain advantages over poorer ones. You can't let that get in the way of good changes to the game.
Being good doesn't make him interesting though.
If you opposed Brexit for reasons of trade &amp; Russian interference, to be consistent you'd need to oppose Scottish Independence for the same reasons.
Which is what it actually means.
Liberalism is a small government ideology. A libright of all people should know who Friedman is.
&gt;Judging someone based on something they didn't say
The sub has moved significantly to the left over the last three years. The surveys &amp; preferred candidates pretty much prove that.
Net worth =/= Cash on hand
Don't let Twitter find out about Tropic Thunder
Funny how the first 8 or so primary debates were completely and totally meaningless
Only the red team ones
WA clearly has greater similarities with TX.
Because Barry was a solidly left-wing candidate in '08
&gt;Get in line and do it legally Only makes sense if there's a figurative line for people to stand in
Why would you name anything after the Young Turks?
They've run out of material that isn't just 'Orange man bad' &amp; shitting on the rural poor
"Gridlock" is a feature, not a bug
If you need to be absent of Russian influence to be an EU member, Germany wouldn't be there anymore.
Self-determination matters, actually
How about a series of race riots &amp; destruction of cities, is that a trend?
He's pushed them in a nativist, reactionary direction. I'm not sure that's a something you can demonstrate on a simple left-right spectrum.
&gt;they're on the correct side Are they though? At best, they're apolitical &amp; just like rioting.
Kamala is a mod
Obama was primarily at fault for Syria. There's plenty to blame those two for without ignoring reality.
They're more in the tent than you people.
&gt;in the eyes of this sub Succs
&gt;The most peaceful &amp; prosperous period in human history
Carbon Price &gt; Cap &amp; Trade
You don't want to overgrow NATO, especially with nations that are part of the coalition anyway (Japan, Korea, Australia, etc.) Germany is barely willing to defend Romania. Do you really think they'd lift a finger for Taiwan or Ukraine?
Only when people they don't like have it
&gt;Turkey ... 1858 Turkey didn't exist in 1858 though?
The vast majority of their trade is done within the UK, so no.
Closer ties with India is a necessity because of the whole China thing.
&gt;arguably more so Considering how they fund terror across Gaza, Iraq, Syria, Pakistan, Afghanistan, Yemen, etc., I disagree.
Neither I think. They'll get someone like Haley, Rubio or DeSantis. It'll be closer to the former, but with some effort to address the grievances of the Trump coalition.
Less government doesn't mean no government
Yes.
So people can't use any memes that involve Trump?
r/nba is extremely left-leaning, particularly on racial issues.
Don't think it's ever going back
Let people make that decision for themselves.
&gt;mass immigration *free-market immigration
The fact that Twitter has been saying that every single year is a decent sign that they're either just doomers, or blaming external factors for their life sucking
&gt;cult following The pledge is fucking weird, but otherwise the nation still has plenty to be proud of.
The US taxpayer subsidizes the entire liberal world order. America could pull back and be largely okay, but Israel, Ukraine, the Baltics, Taiwan, the South China Sea and other trouble spots the world over would not. &gt;created them Blowback theory is as wrong as it is racist. Terrorists have agency, and are responsible for their own actions. &gt;at the cost of our... False dichotomy. Both are to certain extent possible.
You should travel more &amp; read more if you're really that ashamed of America. [This](https://lh3.googleusercontent.com/proxy/zx8oqpj_SJHEeCOG19o3O33KESOF9rEEan0qVMomN9wTJC1WpBTK10Dc9oyewZqBeSQTHaqt06JGoHG2-gsbiZcVCTjBYTcxg3g2LzbwHDvOB9BG78A786022-boHGNr) is a reasonable start for the whole racism thing
Sure. That's why total military spending makes up about 14.5% of the Federal budget.
&gt;top 4 *5
