There's actually a pretty large Hispanic population in Kansas, mostly Mexicans though. Check out Lawrence or Kansas City for a good intro place to land before moving into some random town .
Even now, I can still tap into Orchid's massive combos 20 years later if I play Killer Instinct for like 20 minutes. I don't think I ever actually learned the combos themselves. It was all just punching buttons.
That depends on the fandom. Supernatural is all but sedate, but even a few years ago, it was wild and even super toxic in a few places.
Srs. Same here. It took me until like last year to realize blue eyeshadow was a legit color.
The bitch of it is that the Kochs made their money in Stalinist Russia. Papa Koch only found the "horrors of Communism" the split second Stalin stroked out.
It's more complicated than that. Most people assume that "relatives" involve all biological relatives when many cultures will only follow maternal lines or paternal lines or even cross lines (My mother's brother's daughter is okay to marry, but not my mother's sister's daughter). They're not considered "relatives" in that regard. Or they are considered first cousin relatives who would be considered best marriage material. It's not just about inbreeding itself, it's about having a deleterious gene in the population either through founder effect or a mutation. The first couple generations would still be okay (For the most part) for recessive traits, but the longer the limited breeding ability, the higher the risk. Without that gene, cousin marriage is not that "bad" on a statistic level. Even then, the type of deleterious gene can shift on severity and population wise depending on the type of gene.
&gt; I’d imagine older folks with downs and other disorders are pretty uncommon. Tbf, many of those diseases have very high mortality rates at very young ages. Downs people tend to die quite young (~30 or so) due to heart defects.
&gt;All early population centers dealt with cholera, and many places with poor sanitation still deal with it to this day. That's not true. Cholera only really hit Europe in the early 1800s after spreading from India where it was probably endemic and then spread through Russian/British trade routes.
Last 50 years? Watts Riots is now over 50. Interesting that there was almost no retrospective on it. https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Watts_riots
Carlin already burned out mid Bush Administration. He just didn't have it in him to keep going. Stewart also burned out late Obama Administration. John Oliver does a good job, but he's not at that apex level of Carlin or Stewart or Hunter Thompson or Twain.
I seriously could see Leslie Jones as Pam.
Show pores the door? Like I'm the fucking butler in this relationship? I have people for this kind of thing. Next you'll be wanting me to open my own doors.
Or when Jewish comedians change their last names to something more English-y to fit in with Hollywood while fresh off the boat Cambridge grads with two super English First Names never have to go to such lengths...
It's not just about her being unable. It's also about the figure skating support system ignoring her and not letting her adopt her own personality and style as a skater, but kept pushing her to be an ice princess type. She wasn't, but she wasn't necessarily trailer trash either. The whole story is way more complex than an figure skater getting knew capped by a competitor. Tonya was fucking aces at skating in an athletic way- it's not without saying that there still aren' many women skaters who can do triple axles even now. She just wasn't artistic. BTW, "athletic vs. artistic" is all code for "male vs. female" traits. Men back then weren't supposed to be artistic and women weren't supposed to be athletic. Tonya got caught up in one bullshit problem after another as a world class athlete with emotional issues and zero support system. Even her own mother would beat her- sometimes on the ice. I'm not defending Tonya, but the story irl is much sadder than people think it is.
Yes. And that's not the only thing she did. It's not just about the triple axle with her, but that alone is enough to make any career for a woman skater. Or even a male skater back then. "She was the first woman to successfully execute two triple Axels in a single competition, and the first to complete a triple Axel in combination with a double toe loop." That might be gibberish to non skating fans, but those are all power moves and jumps, and more than enough to build a super successful skating career. Her "tragedy" is akin to seeing anSuper Bowl QB's gf knee cap another Super Bowl QB. They're both at the apex of their sports, and to see all of that destroyed is infuriating and sad.
First season had them in snow. In the extended DVD stuff, they were being carted around on snow mobile sleds.
[MRW watching Star Andrews skating to her own singing](https://media.giphy.com/media/fSNhpcv6Xj67u/giphy.gif) No, but she effing killed it tonight.
I still don't think Chen is Olympic level, but I'd love to see her make me eat my words.
Well, it certainly wasn't during Diane's labor.
Calm down McFly.
This isn't a leak. She broke the story as a journalist. The "leak" is whoever told her the information.
&gt;Seven as follows: "overcoming the monster" "rags to riches" "voyage and return" "comedy" "tragedy" "rebirth". That's not even close to correct, and that's not seven.
It's actually a tragedy on his part. He was as much a victim of their eugenics system, and was denied any kind of medical treatment or therapy for depression and suicidal tendencies due to the biases put against him.
til swimming and volleyball is a winter sport :D
This could blow up like the Missouri politician who tried to say women have ways of shutting that down. I hope.
He made a toxic work environment for his coworkers and caused an international embarrassment for his employers. But he's the real victim here.
"It will hurt our next three month profit margins." Tough shit. That's the price of doing business. Sometimes you have to eat shit when dealing with faulty product.
It's worse than you think. The antiquities black market is third behind drugs and weapons, and often involves transnational criminal organizations and/or terrorist groups.
That point to the fan who threw it. They all knew what was up.
Kansas Democratic party tried to run as GOP-Lite, and couldn't get a dog catcher elected that year.
More like " Why isn't Gabriela not fixing a house with her father's royalties as she is the landlord?"
It's a great movie. I also recommend the book. It's maybe the best role by Mickey Rooney who comes off as more realistic and not quite so whiny or obnoxious. Bartholomew was a great kid/teen actor, and him and Rooney were actually pretty good friends as they did several movies together. The fishermen were mostly Portuguese, so they're not really going to be the Mid-Atlantic upper class accent.
Speaking of unpopular(?) Johnny Weir drives me up the goddamn wall at times. He make most things about himself even when it's about himself. He shoehorned his way into Yuri on Ice (for admittedy valid reasons), but even that turned into the "Johnny Weir's fanclub for Johnny Weir" at a few points.
There's an even longer version where the woman sings her own verses. I actually much prefer that one, but it's somehow missing off the internet now.
That's not true. She was a phenomenal skater even beyond the 3A- which is more than enough to prove someone's skating ability then and even now for women. She accomplished a number of firsts beyond that. The tragedy is that she wasn't some wannabe skater jealous of another person's ability. She was jealous for completely other reasons, and destroyed a world-class career over nothing.
"Deeply problematic GOP behavior=&gt; both sides are equal=&gt; Democrats are worse" Cut and paste for all discussions on trying to point GOP asshole behavior
"It's, you know, for kids!"
No joke, I used to read YOI all the time at my last job, and I completely forgot that sometimes it can get kinda explicit (not a lot to do, ended up on my phone a lot). There is something to be said for reading fanfic around hardcore politicians and then later right by picketing Westboro Baptists.
Sounds like a cross between Tinder and Mystery Date. I hope Sophomore doesn't get dropped. Freshman is my favorite story, and it's not the characters or world that's failing, it's the writing for this specific year. It's like they've forgotten that this is a school story, and it's gone off into domestic drama and not really college drama. Having a scumbag investor threatening to tear down an all but condemned house and offering to pay for everyone's rent for the rest of the year is not really doing it.
But hookers and cocaine...
This was response to the "move to a foreign country the day you get the money." Monte Carlo wouldn't be that bad, but moving to somewhere with zero support system and millions of dollars and not knowing the lay of the land can be dangerous.
[That's exactly right](https://78.media.tumblr.com/f1e7433746cbecd5f79e9fdb4cdd01ae/tumblr_inline_osmbkiOX0V1ty543f_540.png)
It is a double whammy. Bad monologue, bad acting. But even the visuals looked bad for the "new" stuff. Like if you were to watch CW in 1994- that weird underdeveloped graininess.
I think it'd have been more interesting if Drake was like the third (half?) brother Who was like the black sheep of the family except for Liam and Leo. As interesting as Drake is, he doesn't quite fully come off as a real contender. Like he's the giant third wheel in the room, and even the writers can't seem to think he's a viable candidate.
I went to college with a guy whose mother had 12 kids in 11 countries by different guys (dunno the breakdown). She worked for International Red Cross, so bounced around a lot. He's the only guy who beat me at "who has the most siblings and weirdest breakdown of siblings?" I had something like 10 siblings (mostly step and half) with two step foster sister cousins. They were my then stepmother's nieces that she was fostering. Apparently, the Olympics got pretty intense between him and his siblings as they all rooted for their own countries.
PBS of all places. That channel had some really solid shows afterschool in the 90s.
"Thirsty Hoe Cave" Would actually fit that cave where MC and Liam were getting all hot and bothered in.
Probably too many submissions that weren't good enough to be able sift through them all and it opens them up for legal liability. "I submitted a slice of life story about a new actress in Hollywood with a gay agent, and three days later they put out RCD" without giving me credit or paying me royalties." Or high school kid shenanigans. Or their Lost or Stranger Things knock off stories. These tend not to be the deepest of stories, and I can see their legal department giving them finger over the neck signal just for generic they could be and easily submitted multiple times.
Oh hai Muhammad
With hookers and blow?
Somehow it outdouched hipster douche Mac. And that ad campaign made John Hodgmann a star.
.... Slap on Titan?
Viktor comes off as a ditzy Dame type, but he's also very, very scary smart at times.
Mihkasa.. Meekasa Zheawnnn or Jon or Jean Lehvee... Leevi
Sure, I did that on purpose given that lpts tend to be goofy advice in general.
I paid $600 a month in DC. What I didn't find out until it was too late was that the landlady was insane, and emotionally/mentally tortured me until I had to move back home. At one point, she "forbade" me from being able to cook (in my own electrical skillet) for leaving water in it to soak for a couple of days while we dealt with the fact that her house had fleas and my long furred cat had fleas so badly she was bleeding and I had fleas so badly I was bleeding.
You should read up on state sponsored doping and how it affects athletes. East German women Olympiads are a good example of the horrible consequences. It's not cute. They pretty much have zero control over their own bodies and the substances they have to take, and then have to deal with the consequences for the rest of their lives.
It's based on a parental love than a romantic one. The problem is that Claudia grew up mentally (and unhinged) while Louis never saw her as anything but a little girl. Even then, it's still not the most fucked up thing Rice has written.
The vast majority. There are some really solid articles on the subject (That I can't find) about the history of the issue and how it's played out over the decades. But most skaters are straight, and there's a real pressure to "conform" to being straight even if some of the top movers and shakers are not. It should also be noticed that many of the best skating countries also have deeply homophobic attitudes like Russia and some that are getting better, but still aren't all that great. Skating fandoms can be huge in countries like Japan (even bigger than the US), and their perceptions of the sport can also be different.
Click hte report button, then follow the buttons to submit.
It was the breast of days, it was the shithole of days.
Man that is some hardcore gatekeeping.
This sounds like one of those "accidental deaths" where he died from a nose bleed as long as we all ignore the five stab wounds.
Most of the upper elites and educated at the time would have been crammed with Latin and Ancient Greek in public schools. Those groups also loved puns, especially obscure Latin and Ancient Greek puns, because what else are you going to do with it? This is also a rare tri-language pun as it required three languages to make it work.
It's already started
It's mre like Charlie annoyed me over reasons, but I didn't despise her despite talking up a lot of the issues i had with her.
Lgbt+ is a political coalition, not a community. It brings (or tries) to be an umbrella for anyone who doesn't fall in the heterosexual category, and it's not a perfect fit. That's why trans and other type people are also included along with aces.
The biggest problem of Lawrence of Arabia? It's too "epic."
Many other primates are bipedal, but they're not really habitually bipedal.
Yeah, that's not true. Although my sentence there was worded weird.
Worf wasn't African-American in the same way Tuvok wasn't an African- American Vulcan. Scifi has a long history of getting around certain casting conventions by providing alien characters to POCs. That includes Spock with Nimoy being Jewish.
In this case, it's not one for one. It's a team playing against another team.
Men are the ones who primarily set laws and dictate medical access despite them having zero responsibility or being affected by pregnancies. It's not that there are women involved by the anti choice movement, it's that the primary people with the highest privileges and access to power have absolutely no first hand experience of what it really means to become pregnant. It's the same with menstruation products for free for women.
I'm getting similar vibes from Markus, but nowhere as good.
"Sorry, this one thing is incorrect." Everything gets erased and you have to start over.
*When they're Russian, they're ~~future~~ current campaign contributors. Those babies aren't paying the baby anchor bills.
And the lizard in RoE! Basically I'm a massive sucker for the pets in these games.
Here's NPR covering the issue: https://www.npr.org/templates/transcript/transcript.php?storyId=16117576 Here's Dan Pasternak talking about Robin stealing his joke: https://www.mcsweeneys.net/articles/robin-williams Here's Robin himself giving his side: https://www.rollingstone.com/movies/features/robin-williams-fears-of-a-clown-20140811 Here are some Berkeley law professors discussing the issues of "The Emergence of Intellectual Property Norms in Stand-Up Comedy" https://www.law.berkeley.edu/files/Oliar_Sprigman_082608.pdf I would quote some stuff, but, ironically, they have a "Do not post anything without permission" tag. I control+F'ed Robin Williams name to find the pertinent information. There are legitimate sources out there on Robin's joke theft. He even admitted to paying comics for their jokes "after the fact."
"Buy this hideous dress for $4000 diamonds."
You can see the "needle scratch!!!" Realization halfway through the movie when the writers realized that they turned Will Smith's character into a Doctor Mengele type who was accidentally medically torturing self aware zombies for research.
[Perhaps the greatest loss at Gallipolli](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Henry_Moseley) Henry Gwyn Jeffreys Moseley (23 November 1887 – 10 August 1915) was an English physicist, whose contribution to the science of physics was the justification from physical laws of the previous empirical and chemical concept of the atomic number. This stemmed from his development of Moseley's law in X-ray spectra. Moseley's Law justified many concepts in chemistry by sorting the chemical elements of the periodic table of the elements in a logical order based on their physics. He published the first Long Form periodic table or Modern periodic table[citation needed] which is used till date. Moseley's law advanced atomic physics, nuclear physics and quantum physics by providing the first experimental evidence in favour of Niels Bohr's theory, aside from the hydrogen atom spectrum which the Bohr theory was designed to reproduce. That theory refined Ernest Rutherford's and Antonius van den Broek's model, which proposed that the atom contains in its nucleus a number of positive nuclear charges that is equal to its (atomic) number in the periodic table. This remains the accepted model today. When World War I broke out in Western Europe, Moseley left his research work at the University of Oxford behind to volunteer for the Royal Engineers of the British Army. Moseley was assigned to the force of British Empire soldiers that invaded the region of Gallipoli, Turkey, in April 1915, as a telecommunications officer. Moseley was shot and killed during the Battle of Gallipoli on 10 August 1915, at the age of 27. Experts have speculated that Moseley could have been awarded the Nobel Prize in Physics in 1916, had he not been killed.[1][2] As a consequence, the British government instituted new policies for eligibility for combat duty.[3]
Sure, I was giving the spin, because people were confused as to how it worked.
SDR regularly calls out trollx for I dunno low key feminazism. Shit's aggravating. I like SDR, but they seriously don't "get" this sub. But it's just like dude Bros to not be just okay with steam rolling 2X and completely taking it over. Now they want trollx, and I'm guessing we're going to put up a stand here, because we don't have to"nice" or "placating" or constantly allow for "as a man" posts to always be the top post that dictates the entire fucking conversation.
There are several decent Democrats running including Laura Kelly. All he's going to do is pull a Nader or Bernie. It's a sad state of affairs that not only is Orman going to steamroll the KDP, people are going to let him, and then blame the KDP for it.
Your tree frog analogy isn't evolution. It's natural selection. Mutations also aren't good or bad. That's a moral construct. They are more in the vein of beneficial, deletrious, or neutral. Even that is dependent on things like environmental pressure and breeding viability. Evolution doesn't happen to organisms, it happens to species. It's a force that changes species along generational lines into new species or not or they all die out. Most mutations aren't bad. Most are going to be neutral (unless it's so deletrious it kills the organism off pretty quick and even that is relative). Mutations aren't going to be expressed or passed down in any big way, and quickly die out. It takes a big environmental pressure for a mutation to become embedded in a local population
I thought you meant the H&amp;M at Union Station.
It's fine. I literally was in "oh fuck" mode and trying to punch it out when I think you realized the same thign and simul posted.
Live a few centuries, and you start to enjoy the pleasures of compound interest.
Oh hai Magma
Skaters might not do gymnastics due to potential injuries, but they definitely do other sports or activities to help them skate better.
There are several types of fgm. Some are (relative to the others) minor, the most extreme are just straight up mutilation in every sense of the word. https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Female_genital_mutilation#Classification If you really want to know about it, I'm posting this link that gives the different styles here. I'd post them here, but they're very, very nsfw/l. I recommend skimming to show just how awful it gets.
"Welfare is for the poor. Subsidies is for the rich and corporations."
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zPn30BGh6ac you might enjoy this
Ravers were definitely in the underground by the late 90s, but they were never the rebellious subculture that punk and hippies were.
1938 Fair Labor Standards Act[edit] Children under eighteen cannot do certain dangerous jobs, and children under the age of sixteen cannot work during school hours. The Fair Labor Standards Act affected 700,000 workers, and President Franklin Roosevelt called it the most important piece of New Deal legislation since the Social Security Act of 1935.[21] Labor laws were being enacted around the US until 1938 when the Fair Labor Act was enacted in 1938. A good reason why it was pushed was, because it did limit competition for adults and teenagers and stopped lowering wage wars. But there was also at least 50-70 years of US history advocating mandatory public education in the US to back that up. It was also tied up with the Temperance Movement for a good portion of that, but that is a different topic.
Showering, shaving legs, and then straight into fresh sheets. The best.
She was also a victim of a very abusive family herself. This isn't excusing Mayella's actions (and it's even more complicated than a false accusation), but there are many, many victims of abuse in that community who lacked all of the judicial and legal protections due to the biases and perceptions of their community. To compare Dylan and Mayella is incredibly troubling and lacks much of the understanding of both person and literary character.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=apbnAHshuIM
There's actually an amazing "musical instrument museum" in Phoenix, Arizona that's well worth seeing. https://mim.org/ It's a really solid mix of international instruments and popular US music. They have a handwritten copy of Pretty Woman done by Roy Orbison. All of the adults pooped on the Taylor Swift stuff, but I got a real kick out of watching the touring kids and young teenagers just light up when they saw her guitar and outfits and piano.
Santa Titan was on the wall next to Grisha as a resistance fighter. He'd have told the Eldians everything, and possibly kickstarted an invasion on Marley as his role as the new Attack Titan.
Found the Murdoch
/r/Supernatural moderator here. My local spn fan group is watching it Saturday. Can't wait.
Did you see the last episode? Shit was fucking Dexter level.
*Release the tapee
There was another kidnapping/murder done by one of those two bullies and his girlfriend.
cyoa:the room
*Ba'allista
Catberus
Cöckerdämmerung
Sekai Monoshiri Ryokō start October 1, 1971 end December 31, 1974 ep count 1,006 How did they crank out a 1000 episodes in three years??
Found the anime fan
*an event you needed to attend, and happened three weeks ago despite getting a personal invite from the person running the whole thing.
why should he? he'll most likely be dead in 5 years.
Like not 40 minutes away, but only 2-5 miles away in a large metropolitan area, but 40 minutes away and in another town.
solid pun
McCarthyism and HUAC destroyed the lives of thousands of Americans. Let's not hand way away that particular witch hunt.
"stomach pain" has been used for a few decades now as a potential signifier of sexual abuse in children.
&gt; &gt; OMFG, that is some Orwell-level revisionist history. That's not history. They were playing that same song the moment he won in 2008.
*go home, daddy
Satan is a Paint timer
Okay. So. Stupid question time: /Andy "What does github do?"
You're undervaluing Metropolis as science fiction. It's as much science fiction as Frankenstein is. The entire movie revolves around turning a woman into a robot/cyborg type thing. It's political criticism that uses science fiction as it's basis.
Basically Napoleon vs. Wellington in space
John Titor set up things to save us from this timeline. Okabe needs to get the fuck off his sad ass and fix things.
They can redact the actual numbers but not the total number of each person assigned those numbers.
Is RICO small enough?
You could put in a notice in that city's local newspaper explaining what happened and thanking the hairdresser. Someone might read it and might be able to pass it on.
That "liberal bastion" Kansas City is racist as fuck. It's better now (or not as bad as it used to be), but it's one of the most racist US cities in the past. It's not a coincidence that Troost is "that one black area in Kansas City." https://www.bbc.com/news/world-us-canada-35255835 Kansas City is maybe the platonic ideal of historic redlining practices. KC was so bad in the past that morticians had to promise white customers that they didn't use their mortuary tools on minorities. They're all fucking dead, and white people were still fragile as fuck about it.
Just one very small quibble on your maps. You don't specify if Kansas City is Kansas or Missouri or both. The big homicide section looks like the Troost area as well. https://www.bbc.com/news/world-us-canada-35255835 It actually maps pretty well to this Kansas City map on racial disparity from the BBC. You might be able to coordinate some of the information from that data/map set for your followup stories.
Yep. For many people, it's not a matter of not wanting to help, but knowing that helping will get them or their families killed.
Belzer is a conspiracy theorist (in a good way) there too.
all of these shows have insurance- that's where the S2 payout will come from. Except now Roseanne's career is dead in one of the worst ways possible- because insurance payouts on this magnitude means that she will never get insured as a worker or producer by anyone.
My guess is that Zeke and Eren Kruger had the exact same philosophy- zero limits on actions against Eldia/Paradis until the moment is right to rebel.
single-ply
Most people are taking it as a troll meme. Sasha and Connie have always been a pair of doufuses, and everyone's reacting like the goofballs they are. I don't think a single person is actually waving the "that's inappropriate" flag at all.
Hey don't sweat about it. This is you being nice, you're not getting paid for this and you have zero obligation.
&gt; Let's be under no illusion, this silly phrase "the special relationship" is very much a British creation (largely to piss the French off). The "cousins across the pond" was made by Churchill whose mother was American and he had literal cousins across the pond.
The problem is that Ben was an Eyerore in a group full of go getters. Leslie was able to build an amazing team who were able to get her political career going while also pushing their own ambitions. Brandanawicz wasn't boring, he was a bucket of cold water who constantly had to put the brakes on for the sake of plot brakes. Instead of everyone slightly interrupting everyone else at times, Brandanawicz took the brunt of that duty. And the sad part is that Brandanawicz wanted exactly what Leslie was able to provide later on. He wanted to make a difference and enact political and community changes. If he had stuck it out for a year, he'd have been able to ride the Leslie's political coattails to bigger and better jobs and communities. Instead he just burnt out and drifted away.
There's an old trick for Americans getting into "nope" countries like Russia (back in the day), China, N. Korea, etc. Basically, you show up to your flight, you're given a blank piece of paper that fits in your passport and that gets stamped. Keep that stamped paper in your passport the entire trip. Then that paper gets stamped as leaving on your return flight. I don't know if it's still done or not, but I've heard "officially" that that technique has been cracked down on and doesn't work anymore.
that's called "panoptican"
He met Obama in a random noodle shop in Vietnam no less.
There's also labor laws that should have invoked as well.
A belligerent asshole comes up to me and demands that I get into his car? That gets a, bare minimum, "fuck off, asshole." If he keeps it up, I'd either call the cops or resort to defending myself.
No I'm talking about this one specific story.
Oran High School Host Club is a solid rec. It's a cute show about immature teenagers acting like teenagers, and then start to grow up as the show progresses.
Christ Almighty is this post hijacked by McDonald's. Just conversation after conversation of how fucking awesome these kiosks are and low key shitting on employees, and nobody talking about the loss of jobs and labor issues.
Random dudes praying on television, minding their own business. Dad being goofy: [Reddit's Response](http://img0.joyreactor.com/pics/post/gif-community-%28tv-show%29-pillow-golem-1255784.gif)
inherent Unless you're talking about Simba's primogeniture rights.
Right, but it's a list of his favorite movies that he wanted to share. It's not that these others are bad movies, but that he's recommending them as both his favorite movies as well as "and you should watch them." I'm not saying Legally Blonde or Clueless are bad movies, but they're not the "greats." Also I'm talking about really bad movies, not just female-oriented good movies. MST level movies or worse. Stuff shown on TBS at like 2 AM like Dante's Peak or Street Fighter. Even Bourdain talked about how some of his favorite meals was a Big Mac and fries after midnight after two shifts of making michelin level food.
I'd go out on a limb and say the Incan doctors also lacked the germ theory.
That's one specific example in the past regarding a hospital in Germany where Doctor Simmelweiss realized that women in labor had a higher chance of surviving than those who had doctors. Simmeweiss had seen at least one other doctor die from being cut and exposed to the same cadaver contamination, and concluded that a kind of "cadaver poison" was responsible. He didn't know of germ theory either.
"I've got a solid.... 15 more miles in me. 14 if I'm pulling a sled, but this is nice."
So 18% of a very small field.... So let's delve into this statistic and your sources: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Accuracy_in_Academia Mission AIA is a nonprofit watchdog group,[2] and think tank that describes itself as "want[ing] schools to return to their traditional mission-the quest for truth".[3] The AIA promotes academic freedom and is particularly critical of what it describes as a left-wing bias in American academia.[4] The AIA characterizes such bias as liberal or communist "indoctrination", and aims to stand up for the rights of politically conservative students and faculty. your post was referencing this post: https://www.campusreform.org/?ID=7678 "Panelists for the American Enterprise Institute agree that American universities are driving away much-needed conservative intellectuals because of their liberal policies. An AEI panel discussion last Wednesday, titled “The Close-Minded Campus? The Stifling of Ideas in American Universities,” focused on the scarcity of conservative professors and students in the social sciences, with the panelists noting that conservatives are outnumbered in the field even by self-proclaimed Marxists." So now this panel discussion is pushing this from the American Enterprise Institute: https://www.aei.org/events/the-close-minded-campus-the-stifling-of-ideas-in-american-universities/ On June 8, several AEI scholars and university professors gathered at AEI to discuss the voices of conservatives on college campuses. With the rise of an increasingly politically homogenous faculty, many have begun to question whether universities remain a safe space for nonliberal professors. Panelists Joshua Dunn of the University of Colorado Colorado Springs and Jon A. Shields of Claremont McKenna College, authors of “Passing on the Right: Conservative Professors in the Progressive University” (Oxford University Press, 2016), went so far as to refer to conservative professors who openly express their views as “coming out of the closet.” Now there's no 18% mentioned here in this post. They only reference this book: “Passing on the Right: Conservative Professors in the Progressive University” (Oxford University Press, 2016), https://www.amazon.com/Passing-Right-Conservative-Professors-Progressive-ebook/dp/B01DDTKSYW So this is a study filtered through the AEI with zero information how that data was obtained or interpreted by anyone in these online links, only that they tout the "18% of social scientists are Marxists." Which is a fraction of a fraction of a fraction of academia. Also if you're not aware, the AEI is a oil lobby with deep, deep links to the GOP and especially the Bush Administration including: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/American_Enterprise_Institute More than twenty staff members served either in a Bush administration policy post or on one of the government's many panels and commissions. Among the prominent former government officials now affiliated with AEI are: Dick Cheney, vice president of the United States under George W. Bush, is a member of AEI's Board of Trustees;[6] John R. Bolton, former Ambassador to the United Nations; Lynne Cheney, former chairman of the National Endowment for the Humanities; Paul Wolfowitz, former Deputy Secretary of Defense. AEI current scholars include Kevin Hassett, Ayaan Hirsi Ali, Michael Barone, Nicholas Eberstadt, Jonah Goldberg, Phil Gramm, Glenn Hubbard, Frederick Kagan, Leon Kass, Jon Kyl, Charles Murray, Norman Ornstein, Mark J. Perry, Danielle Pletka, Michael Rubin, Gary Schmitt, Christina Hoff Sommers, Jim Talent, Peter J. Wallison, Michael R. Strain, Bill Lenner, and W. Bradford Wilcox.[7] Former AEI scholars or affiliates notably include President Gerald Ford, William J. Baroody Jr., William J. Baroody Sr., Robert Bork, Arthur F. Burns, Ronald Coase, Dinesh D'Souza, Alfred de Grazia, Christopher DeMuth, Martin Feldstein, Milton Friedman, David Frum, Reuel Marc Gerecht, David Gergen, Newt Gingrich, James K. Glassman, Jeane Kirkpatrick, Irving Kristol, Michael Ledeen, Seymour Martin Lipset, John Lott, James C. Miller III, Joshua Muravchik, Michael Novak, Richard Perle, Roscoe Pound, Laurence Silberman, Antonin Scalia, Ben Wattenberg, and James Q. Wilson. Perhaps the 18% is a valid number, perhaps it's not. But there's enough problems and severe lack of overall information to show that we cannot fully accept 18% without far, far more information required. Also fun fact. I am a social scientist, and have rarely if ever run across a "self identifying Marxist" in my field or those close to it. edit: I also added this after I found two more links in this link: https://www.campusreform.org/?ID=7678 " Moreover, as conservative students face opposition like violence and censorship on college campuses, the university atmosphere has made it difficult for such students to concentrate on their academic studies." "Violence" and "Censorship" were both highlighted with their own links. ["Violence"](https://www.campusreform.org/?ID=7620) featured this: "Security guards fiddle while @Nero event burns" "Milo Yiannopoulos’ appearance at DePaul University was cut short Tuesday after several Black Lives Matter protesters stormed the stage, stealing the microphone from a moderator and blowing a safety whistle in the conservative firebrand’s face." They're claiming that Milo getting almost hit at a protest against his discussion (that was funded by Breitbart) is the same as conservatives on campuses "being afraid." ["Censorship"](https://www.campusreform.org/?ID=7664) featured this: "Student: DePaul prof. censored me" "Jacob, a conservative student at DePaul, posted on Reddit about his experience during a discussion about the riots taking place in Ferguson, Missouri, his hometown. After he expressed worry for the safety of his family, Jacob received a strongly-worded email from his professor telling him to think twice about speaking up in class again." "DePaul University’s history of censoring conservatives goes back further than the May 24 clash between conservative Breitbart journalist Milo Yiannopoulos and Black Lives Matter activists. In fact, last year a freshman student was silenced in class by his English professor, Red Alert Politics reports. Jacob, a conservative student at DePaul, posted on Reddit about his experience during a discussion about the riots taking place in Ferguson, Missouri, his hometown." And this is the reddit post being referenced (three guesses on the sub): https://www.reddit.com/r/The_Donald/comments/4kxi4b/blm_thugs_crash_stage_threaten_milo_yiannopoulos/d3is8hs/ There's literally a reddit TD post with 46 points from two years ago that got referenced as some kind of "ATTACK ON CONSERVATIVES!!!" buried in the bottom of this entire rabbit hole. The fuck is even happening? A 46 point post is used to bolster academic denunciations against the left ~~Marxists~~ on a rightwing web site that I was what? 4 degrees from the start point of this entire post? I'm currently at 43 points myself on this one. I have 1000+ posts right now that have gone nowhere (as I expect), but TD was being used even 2 years ago to troll up some massive denunciation in conjunction with the AEI and some random, penny ante thinktank in Bethesda.
but my field is physical anthropology (genetics) :(
NOt enough sunlight
They've always been political (and corrupt). The Cold War just flamed the political fire.
Monologue to the camera, then shoot it.
This was already a meme in the early 90s where the XFiles had a scene where Mulder told someone to "enhance" and the guy replied "Yeah, that doesn't work." Granted, they had another episode where enhancing did work, but still.
*Jesus was a Middle Eastern, Jewish Refugee
A little Bayes theorem in action
Oh shit, ti wasn't fully expanded.
[Grand Theft Wheelbarrow](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Wheelbarrow#Medieval_Europe)
Alexis Arquette who died a couple years ago
Somewhere Jeffree Starr is blowing coke off some dead twink's ass with the thought of "Finally, this isn't about me..... wait a minute. how can I make this about me."
&gt; but this election cycle and 2020 An 2020 census will help predict the next decade or two.
I don't feel less of people on what do with their money. I do feel more emotionally positive when I know they're big believers/givers in charity and donations for good causes. Misha has an A++++ rating in charity work/drives, but he's maybe the biggest celebrity exception out there. It's not that Jensen has to give money to charity, it's that the prices come off as massive price gouging. It's that I'd be a little more "forgiving" if some of that money was actively going to charity or this was being used as a charity event.
https://nyti.ms/2M0eI7d David Brooks is still touting the "both sides" by comparing politics to marriage, and comes off as though we all got into this mess together and if only we just just humble ourselves enough to recognize the good in the other side and work things out.
I've been seeing "the merits on both sides of the political spectrum" as an adult for almost 20 years now. I don't need to keep giving the GOP the same air time they've had this entire time. I already know the punchline.
Holy shit, that song is about to hit 500 million. It's at 444,961,683 righ tnow.
"shut the fuck up, Alan. Nobody asked you a goddamn thing."
He was going to be a saxophonist, but the world decided to play a cruel joke by having him sit next to Stan Getz. So then he hooked up with Ayn Rand (The irony is not lost), and the rest is history.
Most of these "most expensive bottles" are low key money laundering schemes.
[Levi](https://www.instagram.com/p/BZazBzyh0lR/)
My great-great-grandfather was at a fort in Kansas (not Riley) when Spanish Flu broke out. They shifted all of the sick soldiers to one fort, the "healthy" ones to different fort, then shipped the second group to the East Coast. It's like Oregon Trail in reverse, where you're the one spreading communicable and dangerous diseases throughout the world. So then he saw some really, really fucked up shit on the Western Front, got gassed, developed pneumonia, put in the back of the hospital (basically to die), then the hospital got bombed and only him and his nurse survived. Then he came back to the US, and died in 1922 from a burst appendix leaving my great-great grandmother a widow with four kids (with one being 6 mo). So that's "realism," is that really a "realistic" game you want to play?
Tell him to take a photo of them with his phone and email them to you
Also because too many men (and men in power in the past) have zero understanding of women's health and esp for menstruation as it had zero impact on them.
time to dust off the Tangerine Dream discography
I know the guy who was Spacey's body double in Se7en. Has some amazing pictures and stories about the movie . It's just awful that one of his biggest movies is ruined by Spacey.
1967
Make sure it's not illegal to put things in wiper blades. Many areas have made that illegal.
I've gotten destroyed a few times over the times in pointing out that he commits some really bad interview gaffs for years including talking over people, shutting down stories, shifting discussions back onto himself, trying to "connect" with someone right off the bat by name dropping/mentioning some random event that happened years before, changing his personality depending on the guest. Some of those are basic, first level "that's bad" professional interview techniques.
I mean, he helped start the Spanish-American War, but yeah, that weed thing...
That's the "pay for play" aspect. Companies have also become more aware of this happening now. It caught a few in the past, but more people are far more wary about this situation.
Also a Hitchcock tv show classic
CW and Netflix have a very, very cozy relationship with each other. Netflix all but saved CW when netflix started streaming their shows, and CW gave netflix a lot of solid shows to showcase then and now. They renegotiated their contract a year or two ago, and created a even stronger, friendlier contract that would last several years. This was primarily to keep CW shows from being swept up by CBS onto that CBS prime was about to drop with Discovery. The CW president re-upped his contract with Netflix about as fast as humanly possible. Crossing over Lucifer and Constantine would bring Lucifer into the CW fold as well as bring in CW/Constantine fans into watching Lucifer. Lucifer already started out as a DC/Vertigo character (same with Constantine) so it's just ripe for those two to tangle (or fuck- I"m a little shocked that hasn't happened yet).
Both were trying to float into bigger careers post S5 (and a little later around S7) by doing small, but franchisable movies with the final big goal of Jensen getting CA and Jared getting Conan. Neither got those roles, and I think they just decided to stick it out until the show itself goes nova. Hawkeye would have been a good role, and imo, Ackles would have gotten at least one full Hawkeye solo movie due to him being MUCH more personable and kinetic than Renner.
He did try to sacrifice Reiner and Jean to her....
Now. But Eldian had a really solid foundation to build a coalition against a hyper-belligerent empire caught in the middle of a world war.
This is the US version of forbidding Americans from adopting Russian orphans. The president decided to "punish" innocent children, because a completely different group stood up to him.
In this case, it was 100% needed. One dedicated right hand turn, to the left an optional right turn/go straight lane. It cleared up that traffic so, so much.
I fracking hate the dum dum Harley Quinn versions. She was always smart and cunning, but also goofy and funny. It's not that she's being hyper sexualized, it's that she's being hyper sexualized AND dumbed down in the process into the dumb blonde in crop top and short shorts. The cat suit was always sexualized, but it was never, ever just about her being the dumb blonde sidekick. Now she just looks like a bad version of a hyper sexualized cheerleader. I've been a fan of hers since the 90s, and it's always a race to the bottom of the "sexy dumb chick" with her. Whether they turn her into a whore who "slept her way through her schooling" or "she's so mentally sick she thinks everything is a cartoon" or "dress her as shitty 90s female Image character with bulging tits and zero clothes." It's not that the catsuit wasn't sexy. It totally is- same as Batgirl's and Catwoman's. But there's at least some kind of "protective" element given them that men also have with a full body outfit given to superheroes. These are not cheerleader characters out shaking their boobs to boost male superheros' morales while fighting. The new outfits just keep reducing the character back down to eye candy without any of the emotional or intellectual resonance. A revealing costume can be done well- Poison Ivy is a really good blend of revealing without looking like a straight pin up girl, but Harley Quinn is almost always treated like a dumb blonde who is only there to look cute for the audience.
Imo, it's so much better than the first. The first was so... scary? Awkwardly scary? This one had the right blend of comedy, adventure, and happiness. It was bright and sunny while the first one was so dark and deary.
Some poor adult right now spent years agonizing about how they ruined a couple dozen kids lives over this, completely unable to confess. I call it The Tell Tale Tator Tot.
&gt; Single mother household are worse than nuclear ones. That's a massive assumption. There can be functional single parents and dysfunctional two parents. And vice versa.
Without a legal case filed against a parental kidnapper, there is no case.
Backlog for crime labs that already have the system set up for testing. There is nothing set up for "Private DNA labs" for this kind of system- no protections, no pre-built labs, no workers, nothing, no legal systems to provide rights and protections. The FBI labs for things like CODIS and NDIS and the military's DNA forensic testing for MIA soldiers all have massive protection laws and regulations built on legal and constitutional rights for privacy and securing records.
Which is why I'm pointingout the legal and ethical issues with the genetic testing side.
That's up for debate. There's a massive internal fight between Kobach and Colyer. Colyer is already governor (after Brownback quit) and doesn't have nearly the same baggage that Kobach has despite having exactly the political leanings.
Kathleen Sibelius who made her political career in Kansas as Insurance Commissioner, then went on to be the architect of Obamacare.
"Prostitutes" is probably not the right term. These are sex slaves, many of whom are underage. Also fun fact: child porn is not illegal either in Russia.
Also chicken on a stick
"Even now, the Russian government is all about them peds." I see what you're saying. We'll have to see how it plays out, and I could see a compelling story built on that end where Apollo had to live without his father, but Drago had to grow up with a father ruined by Soviet policies.
[or five finger death punched in the heart](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-zya4vJ-kQE)
That's insulting pieces of shit
Having had Mexican food in DC. It's... Just okay. Not only did she get booed she got subpar Mexican food on the best of days and probably fucked up food with this meal.
the cringe is hard
I'm not even talking about them. The vast majority of people understand concentration camps through the Nazi version. Everyone is getting a crash course in this terminology and why people are using it in the modern sense. Concentration camps did not begin or end with Nazi Germany. People are having to suddenly deal with this in the context of how it's being used currently, and it's not the same way the Germans used it.
In DC? I'd love to tour her ass around Prince George Mall, and see her people freak the fuck out.
Yuuri Katsuki. Yurio straight up physically and verbally assaults Yuuri on several occasions including kicking him through a door and across the room, but everyone chalks it up as "ah, Yurio is just an immature 15 year old kid. he doesn't know any better." Sorry, guys. It's still bullying.
"Gaslight any and all future sexual partners even before you actively start talking to each other. It's the only way to fuck around in DC."
We're supposed to feel bad for people who can't get sex due to their voluntary jobs.
There are always prostitutes hanging around all of the major DC convention centers. But that's not good enough for the Trump workers. They want to be respected and treated as workers of the most powerful political leader in the world, and not like someone paid to fuck over other people.
To sort of break up bricks, you can always do different colors, stains, and textures. You can also age up, down, or make something look more fancy or falling in based on the cleanliness or staining/worn look for them. It can help you from getting deathed by brick as well as allow you to add some interesting color schemes and details/dimensions to a particular scene. https://www.upsidetosmartside.com/wp-content/uploads/OB-LP-Brick.jpg http://kopeckpainting.com/wp-content/uploads/2017/06/kopeck-megablog-1.jpg http://4.bp.blogspot.com/-hrBkadfotDY/UlAjQ4hxyKI/AAAAAAAANfQ/GfiKjnM7jQ0/s1600/IMG_9038.JPG http://www.almosthomedogdaycare.com/26155/brick-laying-patterns/spotlight-brick-laying-patterns-decorative-work-bikes-books-a-little-music/
or weed. Both can be used for self medicating. His past with drugs also doesn't help matters.
So Nazi Germany and Soviet Russia both used and perverted science to push their respective socioeconomic belief systems. Germans believed in "superior genes!" built on the foundation of eugenics and 19th century physical anthropology via race science (both were basically the same at the time). The Soviets believed that humans could become better through sheer force of will and determination. Everyone was equal as the common man, but people could better their determination and labor output through various improvements. And not just humans could become better, but so could plants and animals (which led to a lot of famines in the Soviet bloc system as well as the Chinese Great Famine). This belief was built on the foundation of Lysenkoism and the 19th century Lamarckian evolutionary theory. Both were brutally controlled by their top scientists who, top-down, controlled the entire scientific consensus on everything from human evolution to agriculture to the procreation abilities of frogs. It's weirdly the nature vs. nurture played out in competing dystopias. This also somewhat ignores other physical anthropology type fields playing out things like race science beliefs even up until the 1960s in the mainstream academic field. I'm not going to defend against "there was no scientific methods involved," but the history of US/Western Europe race science vs. Soviet lysenkoism vs. German eugenics is way more complicated and "valid" in some ways that we can't necessarily dismiss almost the entire competing fields in these countries as lacking scientific method rigor, because that can and has led to a lot of internal biases and issues by people who build on internal assumptions. "Those people lacked scientific method" is not quite a valid statement. It's more "those people perverted or even simply used the scientific method for their own political beliefs and biases." That's the reason we have scientific ethics and human trial models and rules set up in the first place.
I don't think I've seen bigger whiplash against Tyler and Abbie. Most people hated Abbie, but this completely absolves Abbie and makes Tyler look like a douche.
Poisoning at a royal court get together is sooooo cliche. I love it. The poison is in the pineapple with the dried apple.
But especially when it comes to minorities and women. He never goes after white dudes like Eminem the way he does people like Warren or the rest.
Tomato, помидор
She's like the annoying NPC in a video game that you have to protect at all costs. I'm sure she would be amazing IRL under normal circumstances- like she'd fit in great with Love Hacks, but she's just... so.... clingy? needy? whiny? something like that.
Similar issues as regular issues with gentrification, but with some extra twists. Gay men tend to (not always) not have children and be less interested in things like public school issues/taxes/finances, same with community areas for kids/teens. Also women's stuff can also be forgotten about in gay gentrified as well. There can be other things as well, but those are two things that have cropped up at times. That's not damning the situation or saying everyone is like that, but just two I know of off hand.
Last week, I was in a swimming pool changingroom/bathroom about to drop top when this little boy gets in the toilet stall across from mine and drops trou. No curtains for any of us. I couldn't actually change in front of this kid, so I moved to another stall. MIssion accomplished.
If you really want to save them, try to keep them in your locker or maybe with a friend. If you don't think it's worth the fight, then go ahead and throw them away.
Because they're infamous
This happened a while back. Not my sickest burn ever, but I definitely had a chuckle over it.
I could see her being a very, very strong VP contender. Not that I can't see her being POTUS, but she'd be a very effective Joe Biden type, stong arm VP
Platoon also came out and won best picture for that year.
It was never a 4-5 year plan. Kripke had built into each season that that one would be the last if cancelled. It just so happened that he built it to five years. Kripke is an unreliable narrator for his own part in the show, and has been called out a few times or outed for getting things wrong. For example, the spoiler shift in season 4 only came about after reading a particular book series that summer hiatus after season 3.
I was out digging on a site when I was told thsi story: New guy is out on an excavation when they start hitting small, round beads, which can be hard to tell if they're beads or rocks. So older guy tells him to do the lick test: doesn't stick to your tongue means it's a rock, does stick means it's a bead. So they're testing, and the new guy comes up to the older guy. "So I tested this one bead on my tongue, and it dissolved..."
He's always been a sack of shit. He's just been able to play the "I'm a moderate," because Scalia and Thomas were to the right of him.
Well thank god that you didn't tarnish your purity voting ring. I mean, where the fuck would we be if you and millions like you had decided that maybe voting for Hillary fucking Clinton wouldn't have been the end of the fucking world for everyone and maybe we wouldn't have internment camps for toddlers and babies now. But no. There is zero culpability or responsibility on people voting against Hillary Clinton whether it's for Trump or third party...
That's just it. They're completely missing an absolute gold mine of wry humor and a willful saboteur. Every reality show "works" by having everyone competing internally, but going along with the show itself. Edgar would bring in the ratings by completely undermining the whole system. People would tune in to see what crazy shit he pulls next. "My drink of choice? Plain, tap water. Nothing is more refreshing after a hot day standing in a frilly tuxedo in air conditioned, tacky Mcmansion than a nice cool glass of tap water. Plus it limits kidney stones and dehydration."
I was shocked that they thought shoving the granddaughter's head under the sink was acceptable or funny. I don't ever recall Roseanne doing anything "physical" to her kids, even at their worst.
Secondwave is even more militant and bound in legal/political/economic issues than thirdwave is.
-King David
I worked in a video room with a backroom. We had a couple instances of "funky smell" permeating for a couple days/
" The first lesson is, life doesn't give you condoms! Let's go!"
"Don't forget. I've beaten both Jaeger brother's shitty asses before..."
That guy with the dead dummy in Marvelous Mrs. Maisel
Add two more and they'd be the Harley Quints
The Fuller Brush Turtle
I've been a few in the 90s and multiples since then. The culture, emotional response, and activities are way different and way more positive.
you're going to tell this [6'7, circus strong man turned archaeologist that he's full of shit?](https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/7/7c/Belzoni1.jpg/1200px-Belzoni1.jpg)
Damn. Berserk gets shit on for shoddy CGI, but it doesn't deserve to be connected with this douchebag.
It's not a competition. It's also a completely different incident. https://www.myajc.com/news/atlantans-reflect-1997-bombing-following-orlando-gay-club-massacre/Nr0QlplFN5K8XgaGRPCksJ/ In fact, it wasn't just one bombing, but three by the same man: "Three bombings occurred in seven months — the Centennial Olympic Park attack, along with bombings at her nightclub and a Sandy Springs abortion clinic. All were eventually linked to Eric Robert Rudolph, who pleaded guilty for all three and was sentenced to life in prison in 2005."
That's why Duckworth would make an excellent VP. The president wields the power, but the VP is the one who knocks heads together for the president. It's why Obama and Biden were so effective. Biden was Obama's enforcer.
It wasn't like up against the baby. It was some distance away but still able to recognize the target and closeness of the nails to the baby.
Reported both of your sockpuppet racist posts. Next time don't post the same thing at the same time using your different alts.
eh. Closer to a millennium and a third...
One of the greatest British scientists took a bullet to the brains at Galipolli. He'd have won a Nobel prize if he hadn't died first.
Yeah, and it still doesn't seem horrible for Zig. He's suddenly found something super passionate, and he was being impulsive, and he's always pushing to better himself. As for the hipster retreat thing, how long does it last? 3 months? a lifetime? It felt super short term and even that was too much for him.
Yeah, but that's not why Hange is keeping her alive...
That's why he's the head over Dangermouse, Penfold, and other rodent secret agents. He's not chief mouser as in catching mice, he's their M (for Chief "Mouser"), in charge of giving them missions and briefing the UK government on underworld and terrorism dealings.
[Are we doing it? NOw? Right here??](https://i.ytimg.com/vi/eJm1COA7Mes/maxresdefault.jpg) Ian Malcolm also died in the first book, but even that got super retconned hard in the book sequel. These books and movies are not above resurrecting characters for the sake of future plottings.
Nothing like having to have five point straps to ride the Le TaxiTour ride at Worlds of Fun.
Your takeaway is that a hunchback is so horrible to look at that parents refuse to even show their kids one on the cover?
what's your budget?
Yep. I made a triple pun.
https://archiveofourown.org/works/9243098 This is Viktor/Christophe, but I laughed so, so hard at it. I always share it. You seriously have to tell me what you think of it. https://archiveofourown.org/works/9243098 Naraht is one of my favorite YOI writers (and all time FF writers in general). https://archiveofourown.org/users/Naraht/pseuds/Naraht/works?fandom_id=11444638
And their Aryan ideal soloist in the remake was a bleached out John Barrowman https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1zY1orxW8Aw
Thor Ragnorak used a classic and awful word art template from "back in the day." It is a billion times cheesier than her-o.
I was really starting to enjoy Norvina for how different it was and what it could do. Up until it burned my eye for the third time.
Addams Family starts at Christmas
What are your favorite movies and shows and movies? We could help you tailor something together in a cohesive look and theme.
So far she's only seen Yuri on Ice and Forest of Piano (which is a great anime intro show for grandparents). We also tried Cowboy Bebop, but that was a bit too much for her.
That's like saying "people don't kill people. Rabid attack dogs sicced by their owner kills people."
The GOP crank is turning. Everyone is on board and the new narrative is undermining Trump and casting him aside as the GOP drops him first subtly, then like a ton of bricks. Ann's response is right on track to the GOP going live with "new phone, who dis?" once Trump is no longer useful to htem.
Brownback Catholic evangelicalism. I am not making that up.
"Depends on who has more money"
They're history of Forensic science is just riddled with bad information and terrible results. The entire field needs a massive overhaul with everything being tested and reconfirmed. I've even seen shitty science and assumptions crop up into forensic genetics with things like the anthrax case about 15 years ago. Or getting people to recognize the flaws in various gold standard areas is like pulling teeth at times. This doesn't even address governmental or individual corruption or covering up information using falsified results or covering up various crimes.
Wow, the internet has killed a lot of these back stories probably due to lack of care (because who gives a shit about 20 year old BS?) Anyway, here are a couple comments that still exist going into some details over it: https://www.celebitchy.com/488669/jessica_alba_felt_awkward_trying_to_be_sexy_when_she_was_a_19-year-old_virgin/#comment-15077858 "Weatherly was also very jealous of the actor who played Alec (younger and hotter), and would do things like count their lines in front of the entire cast and then demand he be given more lines if Alec had more, insisted on scenes being changed to make Logan look better (the specific one I remember is when they were playing pool, and he made them change it so that his character won the game, really petty shit). Alba also reportedly acted like a jerk to him, because the actor (Jensen Ackles) has publicly said that Alba approached him and apologized for the way she treated him years later." That, btw, apology was pretty public at the time. Another random discussion thread going into it. https://ohnotheydidnt.livejournal.com/104565580.html?thread=18013067852#t18013067852 I know some super random comment isn't a great source, but seriously, there used to be way, way more on that whole situation than I can find now. Also there's this: Weatherly based his ncis character on Jensen Ackle's character from DA. Normally that might be sweet, but seriously given the fucked up past from DA, it comes off as super awkward, jealous, and creepy.
women in fridges
"Our family tree is like a cactus." - the mom from Galavant
A lot of it is "they're paying for the money laundering."
Same reason why so many other cultures exalt their founding myths. England and King Arthur, Rome and Romulus and Remus, and so on.
The drugs are a symptom of the economic destruction and erosion of rural/semi rural American areas. When nobody has a job and the drugs are cheap (and originally prescribed by doctors to get them hooked), then people will migrate to ever more drug use, and the drug makers will gladly supply.
If you have netflix, you can download shows and movies from them as well.
It wasn't a perfect set up, but it wasn't from a lack of trying, and they still got solid intel despite it not fully working.
But she's a chick and has medical issues. So she's still screwed by TrumpIdon'treallycaredoyou?
Carrie Brownstein is very open about her anxiety and panic attacks that would land her in the ER after shows.
Perfect, a pure pair of gloves.
My 84 yo grandma has been catching up on about 15 years of "golden era of television" shows due to streaming. Deadwood, Longmire, Justified, The Americans, Amazing Mrs. Maisel, and so on. Now she's all about the Try Guys.
I'd love to see an SNL skit of the ghost of Liberace (Fred Armisen) haunting Pence. It'd be amazing.
“Old naval factory” just screams “cancer!” and "Asbestos"
Or... subfluff
[Honestly, Who throws a shoe?](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_RFH7C3vkK4)
Lord save me from stembros trying to swing their stem dicks around with zero education or background or actual reference points about sex, gender, race/ethnicity/population demography, and then sneer down against social sciences which actually studies all of these things.
Movies have been showcasing it and even joking about it since the silent era.
But not social science. You know the massive field that actually studies the biology and physical aspects of humans and primates.
Same user: women should dress exactly how I want them to dress. And they should be covered or uncovered as much as it personally pleases me.
I've found hardcore Christian conspiracy theory type websites that we're clearly referencing supernatural as a valid thing without them realizing its origin.
The Punisher came from that 1970s-80s reactionary white bro revenge fest trope of "taking back the streets from 'those people.'" See Dirty Harry, Bernhard Goetz, Harry Dean Stanton in Repo Man, Death Wish. It's not a hard jump for The Punisher to be taken up by the Alt-Right when he was already part of that angry, white male violent aspect. It's only now that they're pushing The Punisher away from that element (except for that weird time when he was like an angel of revenge or some shit like that).
It's not a perfect fit in the same way Rambo also fits in the 1970s "angry white male revenge fest." There were several variations of this archetype- either the anger targets "The Man" (authority types) or it targets "Those people" (minorities and marginalized groups) (or even sometimes both). It's not that The Punisher was targeting minorities specifically (and yes, the Italian mafia was definitely a bad stereotype), but that many of his fans (and fans of the style in general) were the 1970s alt-right types.
Yes. It was actually "bad" casting with Charles Bronson. You expect him to snap and start shooting randos. The author wanted someone like Alan Alda to play the lead- to show the "failures" of a liberal ideologue confronting harsh violence and the lead's failure in living up to those ideals when a violent crime that affected him personally.
http://comicsalliance.com/the-punishers-most-ridiculous-moments-ever/
Looks more like an Acheulean than a tomahawk.
My college had its all school president get kicked out of office for getting a blow job in one of those girls gone wild videos. Apparently it was "undignified" of the office of school that has routinely been a top ten party school where one of its student housing had the highest STD rates in the nation for student housing..
Orson Welles had a massive radio and voice over career that is 100% underrated. Everything from The Shadow to Transformers. Everyone claims it's awful his last movie was Transformers. Personally I think it's right in line witb his full career.
Was it the Wasp using those buzz words?
Atsushi has fast regeneration powers, which is why he's tanked Akutagawa several times. Akutagawa relies too much on his "stabstabstabstab" powers and doesn't try to learn how to fight without it.
This was the party who tried to push "we're in a post-racism country" after Obama won. Oh, they also tried to blame Obama for the ~January 2008 recession (this was prior to the big on) solely by declaring his presidential candidacy despite the actual recession starting months prior. Stewart literally had to go back and show graphs of when that recession actulaly started.
The big joke in DC was "Nixon went down for THAT?" Watergate was chump change compared to the other shit he was pulling.
Patriotism is when people are loyal to their country. Nationalism is when people are weaponizng patriotrism to harm others.
&gt; &gt; They visit china and have a lovely vacation! They move there for work and have a great time! Ah the expat global community. "oh I loved Abuja, Doha, Beijing, and Moscow." "Really? What do you work for?' "I'm an accountant. First BP oil. Then Chase Bank." "Welp, that explains a lot..."
Republicans have been laughing over the deaths of lgbt Americans for decades now.
I mean if you really want to crunch through the US data on crime labs, [go nuts](https://www.justice.gov/archives/ncfs/page/file/933526/download)
Close. It was in London, about a block away from the Charles Dickens museum.
&gt;It's also a blatant rip off or homage of The Omen. That there's called a parody. The whole book is a satire of Armageddon/End of Days stories.
This is not the WBC. There are multiple groups that do the exact same kind of picketing. I grew up in their same community, and know how they dress, look, and act. Their signs are also distinctive as well. Women don't cut their hair and they dress very modestly without any make up. Their signs are more cardboard on wood pickets with specific colors and messaging. These are plastic kits with vinyl signs. They would also never wave an American flag right side up- always upside down (for reasons).
That's what I loved about the yarn Pixar short. Many people dismissed it as leaning in feminism, but she figured out that she had to compromise to get anywhere, but then refused to make other people compromise as well. She single handedly opened her company and corporate culture to being more open and respectful of differences.
https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Americans_for_Prosperity They're all Koch'ed up. Of course they're unhappy.
[Oh look, I just doubled the machine's storage for only $6,023.99.](https://www.amazon.com/SuperSpeed-256GB-USB-3-0-Storage/dp/B07K83PGXJ/ref=sxin_3_ac_d_pm?crid=4D9VETTOW075&amp;keywords=256+flash+drive&amp;pd_rd_i=B07K83PGXJ&amp;pd_rd_r=52d7cb8a-5e50-4864-8933-3669c44d2a00&amp;pd_rd_w=EBJ28&amp;pd_rd_wg=M2y20&amp;pf_rd_p=64aaff2e-3b89-4fee-a107-2469ecbc5733&amp;pf_rd_r=NG7THSAJ8TBZPV267CD6&amp;qid=1559608577&amp;s=gateway&amp;sprefix=256+fla%2Caps%2C192)
https://ustr.gov/countries-regions/americas/mexico Anyone want to crunch number on just how much trade the US does with Mexico?
No, I got it in my then- two year old AOL account.
Oh I don't disagree. They were both from the Emporia area, which means that the Dems are never going to win. The biggest takeaway is that the KS Democratic Party is such a failure outside of the KC-Topeka corridor that nobody can win a D ticket outside of it. It's either go Republican or don't bother. Mary Martha Good was an amazing politician and she'd have done amazing things as a Democrat. She flustered Willie Dove so badly that he left his gun in Chambers trying to get away from her. She caused that monumentally amazing cock up.
He's living rent free in public housing.
When I was in Morocco for the Peace Corps, we had to go all over our village and eat cookies and drink at least 3 cups of tea each house. Then everyone gave cookies and baked goods to each other.
Huckabee isn't there because she worked hard and boot strapped herself. She's there, because her dad is Mike Huckabee. That IS the Chinese version of how she got this job.
Is that not like a simile?
[I'M DISABLED](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dDZzl9AyXeg)
It's even worse for Kansas: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cUdIOmAo10Y&amp;t=3s https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ll2qeolGM_Q
You're confusing cultural relativism with moral relativism. CR is a tool of trying to erase judgmental values and personal/professional biases from one's research. For an outside the topic example, I have a forensic background, and have done research on juvenile offenders and the offender registration list (many states expanded it to sexual and other violent offenders). If I go in with the attitude "These people are scum of the earth," I cannot be objective about this specific population (who often have a lot of mental health problems and societal problems due to things like community condemnation and access to traditional government support systems like access to food and healthcare). I am in no way comparing Muslims to sexual offenders, but that there are many populations who have done nothing at all but exist and many populations who have done some truly abhorrent things. We cannot let our own emotions and biases interfere with our own research as its both buliding in biases into our own studies as well as disrespecting the populations and people we study.
&gt; &gt; Adults or minors who live together or who have lived together; I wonder if that includes roommates as that's always been a weird grey area in the definition for many states.
Polio might be this generation's dysentery.
"Because these companies didn't give a shit for decades about human rights, but now they're ponying up to the table, because they suddenly realize that a lot of lgbt people have a lot of money."
Have you tried not spouting gibberish and treating them like adult human beings instead?
The sad part is that I'm super solid at grammar through Latin, but it's the primary way I know English grammar (and grammar in general). College really hammered that home.
He also had a half brother who was Jewish. Anytime someone tried calling Charlie Jewish, he'd always say affirm it.
It's such a great movie series. It's a real shame the third was never made.
One might consider that there's an inherent survival bias in those with decent money or insurance will survive longer than those without either.
...anthropology?
It's not just James Bond, but must of espionage fiction has been controlled by men who wrote, edited, and published for male readers. From Bond to le Carre to BBC/PBS shows to the cheapest pulp novels. Even the "women's side" of espionage is more geared towards interpersonal/emotional connections and romances and underling type work.
Free market?
So you're saying it would be illegal to outlaw abortion clinics from being able to do business with the government?
Yep. It's the dandy v. fop gang war all over again. Blue outfit is more late 1700s French aristocracy (and should be more like breeches, but oh well) while black outfit is more early 1800s pre/early Regency post French Revolution when men's suits really lost the bright colors and started to become more uniform. It's also killing me that the light blue pants have a fly waist like with a zipper and everything (not even buttons). They seriously just recolored a pair of modern jeans or pants adn called it a day.
https://media.giphy.com/media/AnTdtqwJSzW5W/giphy.gif
Wait. Are you just starting the first book ever? Because you might want to prepare &gt;!the smelling salts for the bullshit Chazz pulls later one.!&lt;
Round up local businesses who hate them and have them call in their issues. Also mass mail in letters. Those tend to carry the most social weight in these groups. Look up his biggest donors (especially local) and spread that information around to your Allies. Mass call those groups up and tell them you're highly displeased with their support of him and give reasons. Also always be kind to the support staff who work for those people.
&gt;.while an over-the-top comedic take would have made the movie forgetful and utterly lacking in character. It worked perfectly well for Scrooged, but Scrooged is a lesser movie. I almost kind of wish Scrooged had also been more akin to the deeper Groundhog's Day than a simple modernization of Christmas Carol now that I think about it.
No, everyone is piecing different parts of what happened together. It was a combination of different factors and mistakes (and some regular stuff) that led to the overall problem. "The Flint drinking water contamination began in April 2014 when Flint changed its water source from treated Detroit Water and Sewerage Department water (sourced from Lake Huron and the Detroit River) to the Flint River. Officials failed to apply corrosion inhibitors to the water. As a result, several problems occurred that culminated with lead contamination, creating a serious public health danger.[7] The Flint River water that was treated improperly caused lead from aging pipes to leach into the water supply, leading to extremely elevated levels of the heavy metal neurotoxin. " https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Flint_water_crisis Even that's overly simplified. It had to do with money and improper treatment of the pipes.
In North Africa, Taureg men would wear wear veils while women would not. "In Tuareg society women do not traditionally wear the veil, whereas men do.[87][89] The most famous Tuareg symbol is the tagelmust (also called éghéwed and, in Arabic, litham), sometimes referred to as a cheche (pronounced "shesh"), a combined turban and veil, often indigo-blue colored. The men's facial covering originates from the belief that such action wards off evil spirits. It may have related instrumentally from the need for protection from the harsh desert sands as well. It is a firmly established tradition, as is the wearing of amulets containing sacred objects and, recently, verses from the Qur'an. Taking on the veil is associated with the rite of passage to manhood; men begin wearing a veil when they reach maturity. The veil usually conceals their face, excluding their eyes and the top of the nose." Here's a solid picture showing various types of veils: https://pulitzercenter.org/sites/default/files/Tuareg%20elders%20at%20Mentao%20Refugee%20Camp.JPG More information: https://www.economist.com/the-economist-explains/2017/02/21/who-are-the-tuareg
Everyone is going to mention diet/exercise. I'm here to throw out cleanliness and protecting your body from scrapes, bruises, scratches and the like. You need to stay clean and dry. Let feet dry out completely before putting on shoes or socks. Inspect your feet and toes everyday- on the bottom, sides, and between the toes. It's not important now, but it's important to get in the habit every day now and continue that years on end. Watch for scratches, bruises, skin breaking down and so on. Diabetes can be controlled with exercise and diet, but you still have to protect yourself while you do have it.
Certain subs? It's most of reddit. the "false report" post is the top one of this whole post right now. Reddit is "obsessed" with false reports to an insane degree.
"Remember by not reporting, you become an accomplice to any and all crimes your assailant may or may not do in the future."
People in the US don't know the horrors of "elderly poverty." It's awful.
Buffalo have no chill
The Secret Service is just dying to haul his fat ass out the delivery entrance all Uncle Phil style.
No, because much of it was wrapped up in Cold War Politics with a good chunk wrapped in Communist/Socialist rhetoric as well as post colonialist issues. Feminism and communism/socialism have a very long past that is often ignored by the mainstream and often dropped by communists when women activists are no longer "useful" for their own political ambitions. RAWA's founder alone was assassinated in 1987. https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Second-wave_feminism#Overview_outside_the_United_States "Latin American Feminism stems from decades of colonialism, the involvement of slaves, and mistreatment of native people. [4] The origins of Latin American Feminism can be traced back to the 1960s and 1970s social movements where it encompasses the women’s liberation movement, but prior feminist ideas have expanded before there were written records. With various regions in Latin America and the Caribbean, the definition of feminism varies across different groups where there has been cultural, political, and social involvement.... Most feminisms in Latin America arose out of the context of military dictatorships and masculine domination. However, a lot of marginalized women began questioning hegemonic feminism in the 1970s. These women, whether they were Afro-descendant, lesbians, Indigenous, transgender, sex workers, domestic workers, etc., began to look at different, interlocking types of oppression.[16] Gloria Anzaldúa, of Indigenous descent, described her experience with intersectionality as a “racial, ideological, cultural, and biological crosspollination” and called it a “new mestiza consciousness.” [13] Various critiques of “internal colonialism of Latin American states toward their own indigenous populations” and “Eurocentrism in the social sciences” emerged, giving rise to Latin American Feminist Theory.[17]" The whole "white only feminism" of the 1960s/70s is very much a US understanding of the global reality of the overall feminist movement. Same with First Wave feminism, but that's another post. With the collapse of the USSR and the crackdown of political dissidents in Latin America (andt he lost generation problems), Latin America feminism took a massive hit to its numbers, but came back in other ways- especially with things like "mothers politicking."
There it is! Brogressives is the one I've heard used a lot lately, and it's very apropos for the main topic.
Right, we're talking about two different groups. Your group are the people that enforces the status quo or at least works inside the power structure to expand it. My group are the activist groups who are advocating outside of traditional structure systems whether it's something like the NAACP or local groups.
So the "supporting the system" group is reinforcing the very system that undermines their own group's self determination and human rights. Not all people part of that group are that way. My group is positioning themselves to advocate deep changes in the system to better or help their own group or other marginalized groups. They're creating and using their own internal structure to push the changes they think are best for everyone. Sometimes it's to advantage themselves, sometimes it's because they truly believe they know best. The other group is using existing systems to advantage themselves at the cost of others (the "Uncle Toms" which I have reservations using), or they're reinforcing the system by advocating change internally.
OP must be Ling Long and practices math 40 hours a day
The Military
A Funny Thing Happened On The Way To The Hoing"
Right. I was being sarcastic there.
I watched Always Be My Maybe last night and it literally went from slagging on cheap food like Vienna Sausages to slagging on high end concept food for the ultra wealthy. Somehow they managed to double whammy food snobs and poor people with zero self awareness or recognition despite the entire move wrapped around the woman being a chef.
I remember the first time I ever logged onto google. I knew immediately I was looking at the future. I don't mean that hyperbolically. I was in HS in the 90s after years of using things like yahoo and netscape and whatever. It was one of those massive paradigm shifts you only see once a decade or so. It instantly made yahoo look like over cluttered garbage.
Right, that's the difference. Auschwitz was designed to feed the labor camps and factories. That doesn't mean people weren't killed or gassed, but that its function was to mostly labor related. The other ones like Belzec weren't even really camps. They were just murder machines. There were also other camps like reeducation, political, POWs (which is a kind of grey area imo). Even then, they could function differently or be defined differently based on the year and what was going on. https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Nazi_concentration_camps "None of the categories are independent – one could classify many camps as a mixture of several of the above. All camps had some of the elements of an extermination camp, but systematic extermination of new arrivals by gas chambers only occurred in specialized camps. These were extermination camps, where all new-arrivals were simply killed—the "Aktion Reinhard" camps (Treblinka, Sobibór and Belzec), together with Chelmno. Two others (Auschwitz and Majdanek) operated as combined concentration- and extermination-camps. Others like Maly Trostenets were at times classified[by whom?] as "minor extermination camps".[51]"
fucking worth it. you will cry when you realize there's nothing comparable in the US.
Then MC unites all of the Celtic tribes as the new head chief and co-ruler of of Rome. The Romans and Celts form a new kind of confederation with the two of them as co-regents with each primarily leading their own group, but using the other to cement their personal power structure. Gaul is not so much subjugated anymore as it is integrated. Trade flourishes, but the two leaders stamp out any real uprisings with MC used to a kingdom type political system and wary of Roman politics, and Antony liking his own power plays. The mystery cults flourish even more as MC appoints her mother as head priestess of the Isis/Demeter mystery cult which suddenly finds itself at the forefront of Roman-Gaul religious politicking. Mother ushers in a new religious wave based on Greco-Egyptian-ME goddesses that spreads quickly along new trade routes as Rome and Gaul expand their new territory and economy. Occasionally, she helps her daughter out with the finer details of religious politicking and persuasion. She mostly accepts Mark's presence, because well nobody's perfect. He also knows better than to fuck with his mother in law. Rome finishes its invasion of Egypt, and Cleopatra is left in political power as a nominal source, but MC and Mark Antony use the Cult of Isis to boost their own political relevancy and officiousness in their rule over Egypt. Dad putters around Rome, sometimes he goes up fishing.
"That's a man who knows his way around a soldering iron"
It's pretty rich that a TD poster is trying to push "lgbtq+" usage.
Northern Mongolia/Steppes region. The bacteria, Yersinia pestis, was first discovered in Hong Kong during a pandemic in the 1890s by Alexander Yersin and Kitasato Shibasaburo
The Count of Overdue Late Fees.
[Oh you mean this poster?](https://imgur.com/a/GJOUOG6)
Ah yes. I too agree with you 100% that a woman has the financial right to protect all of her finances in the advent of a pregnancy that she 100% put all of the financial burdens onto the father up to and including forcing him to receive a womb transplant, carry the fetus to term, pay for said transplant, pay for her medical care up to and including and any later complications, then make him care for, raise, and rear said child without any financial support on his own. Because her financial autonomy supersedes his body autonomy as well.
he was an ultra right nationalist who wanted to reflame the early 20th century Japanese government with all of its glory and crimes. Nobody had time for that. They were too busy cranking out 70 hour weeks.
&gt;if you want a surface that'll last through consecutive winters you need to pay a LOT more Which would still be cheaper in the long run.
Mishima was never a soldier during the war. He failed the physical exam, because the examiner misdiagnosed him with TB (he faked having TB).
they say that bell is still ringing to this day.
&gt; those Olympic spots are gonna be worth their weight in gold. ba dum bum
The parents are right there to drag them out if the kid starts to founder.
Girl Power was all but a usurpation of "Riot Grrl" which was a political movement in 90s punk music that was dedicated to push back against the supremely sexist mentality in punk. It started in PNW and DC and spread from there. It was probably the foundation of third wave feminism. https://www.thedailybeast.com/how-the-riot-grrrl-movement-sold-the-world-on-girl-power https://www.vice.com/en_us/article/bn3vq5/girl-power-spice-girls-jenny-stevens-geri-horner Girl Power was basically The Monkees of 90s feminist movements that stripped out the politics, subversiveness, anti-capitalism (and how), and scary topics like rape, murder, DV, racism, sexism, sexual assault, armpit hair, and so on.
The other thing it's doing is screwing over blind people as the new 2020 editions of money would include tactile ways to recognize different denominations. &amp;#x200B; [https://www.pmgnotes.com/news/article/5365/Tactile-Features-Coming-to-United-States-Currency/](https://www.pmgnotes.com/news/article/5365/Tactile-Features-Coming-to-United-States-Currency/)
Wilhelm didn't even show up to his nephew's funeral. He hated the guy and his wife.
Becca grew up. Kaitlyn grew tiresome.
weredead... theredead
https://youtu.be/kA4bPXPTFw8 You should try this version of the same scene. It's from a parody. Also way more r rated so use headphones.
The captain vs. Armin one is also amazing. Even moreso given that they're both Tom Andre.
Given that Father's Day this was on Sunday, it could have been an extended family trip to their local church. I could easily see this video playing in a Mormon gathering.
The black goo was season 7. It was a mess, but there were definitely some solid individual episodes here and there.
&gt; Spain has castille and aragorn as well as portugal and barcelona One of those are not like the others.
Which one? There are a lot of women characters still around. There's only one that's written as a baby factory and it's very much a negative element.
I've seen some people wanting to splinter off intersex from the lgbt group as they really just don't fit into the overall group and its issues. They're dealing with biological abnormalities that do touch on sex and gender, but it's not really in the same boat as sexuality or gender. It's a medical condition on a physiological and/or genetic level more than anything.
it's about convincing a girl to run off, cross state lines (which was illegal at the time) to get married despite all of her family's protests.
Imagine if it was radius. ..
Hellblazer to is the title to John Constantine's comicbook.
Yeah, but that's a scandal. Weird misplacements happen even in the best of cemeteries.
The Yeah Yeah Yeahs also another great band with similar vibes. Heads will Roll is a bit newer, but you can still here. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=auzfTPp4moA
&gt; &gt; ...if Heracles decided to be an asshole, sandbagged and lost, would they be perpetually fighting each other, or would he have crushed her head like an egg? Maybe not the best example as Heracles DID ultimately murder his wife and their children.
or it's easier to sell more dystopic books to larger numbers of people if there's an easy to understand dystopic gimmick and then an easy to understand fix. it's like a murder mystery. Solve the problem and break the case/save the world. Far more people read YA than just young adults. It's harder when you get into deep, deep structural problems with an entire government and business and societal structure that intersect and prop up each other. Or that you're just one person against an entire law enforcement agency, judicial system, and medical establishment.
It was still a very niche market. It wouldn't be surprising in the least that she had never heard of it before.
San Francisco has a unique problem of not having the ability to expand horizontally. Phoenix is maybe its opposite as it can't expand vertically due to mountain view laws. Other cities that don't have either restriction are more able to expand in either direction and many are doing so.
No it was a joke.
PB missed a cringy "eat pray love" bullet there.
It's not being wealthy, it's knowing price points at several levels.
Two reasons- the first being legitimate in that dealing with unsourced supplies can be sketchy and who knows what's being provided. Given that, nobody ever rejects stuff for that very reason when normal disaster scenarios play out. "Oh, I hope that tube of Crest still in the box wasn't spiked with rat poison. Oh I hope that pair of nikes weren't laced with plague-infested fleas." The second is that the BP is rejecting items, because they're following orders to reject them on top of following orders from denying basic care and supervision of children in the first place.
Jesus was a baby refugee fleeing a tyrannical government dead set on massacring babies. Moses was was a baby refugee fleeing a tyrannical government dead set on massacring babies.
Fun fact, Dr. Phil isn't a doctor. He's also from Topeka, Kansas, and I have it on good authority (from multiple people) that he had a not-great reputation around that town.
And in Morocco, their toilets are a hole in the ground unless you're in like McDonalds.
Blargh Niall Ferguson. I once heard one of his talks where he was wanting to dismantle the public garbage/waste systems as there was trash all over the place still. That the private sector could do a much better job..
No, it's in conjunction with the malaria spreading mosquitoes, not all mosquitoes everywhere. Even then I have a lot of big questions about that statement.
wait... which one is "he?"
[Implying that Vegas doesn't have insane meth levels either.](https://americanaddictioncenters.org/learn/substance-abuse-by-city/) Also insanely shocking. Wichita, KS has some of the highest drug use in the US.
Escape from Neverland comes to mind.
&gt;Do they live in Portland though? Oregon is Uber conservative outside of Portland’s city limits. And even that still doesn't mean that Portland is not going to be racist or bigoted after a century+ of deep, deep racism and bigoted policies. https://www.theatlantic.com/business/archive/2016/07/racist-history-portland/492035/ People can be liberal and still not give a shit about racism and local government/law enforcement corruption that targets marginalized groups and people.
She was 12 when her father became president. She wasn't usurping anyone- she was just a teenager.
RL Stine?
He was always bulkier than they made him look. They just started to emphasize it more later.
Except nobody pulls the ""quantity over quality" argument for white dudes. It only becomes a "meritocracy" argument when there's pushback on the problems of representation in front of and behind the camera. It's been axiomatic that the producers and crew and directors and writers were all white men for over a century- especially on the highest levels and projects. And Hollywood is like the "last" industry to demand meritocratic values when it's been running on nepotism and sexual assault and connections for that entire time frame as well.
Only when Levi cut the tip of his finger off when decapitating Mrs. Poots.
&gt;Interestingly, that's probably extremely appropriate for a song sung by a bard in that kind of setting, too. They would want their songs to be as simple and catchy as possible, so that crowds would requests it and want to join in. Akshually... Bards were often well trained to provide songs, oral history, political informarion, and family/clan stuff. A well trained bard could learn epic songs and poetry after hearing them just one time. (epic poetry had built in memory cues that helped with it) https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Bard They weren't just random dude who picks up lute and sings in the local bar for beer money. Throwing out a quick song of top 1240s hits wasn't going to do much for them.
It absolutely is. A parent can go to work early and the car returns home to take the kids to their own schools. And that doesn't account for other issues like with long haul shipping. There will be semis out 24/7 either transporting stuff or returning to a primary depot. Entire chains of driverless semis will clog up the highways at all hours of day and night at different times. Traveling for people will be different as well. Hotels/motels won't be used as much as families will just get in a car, drive all day and night with some stops, and everyone will just sleep or entertain themselves.
Not everyone uses buses and a lot of communities have cut down on using buses in general.
When they're using"CO2 emissions" to undermine marijuana even when taking tens of thousands of donations from oil and gas companies. https://www.opensecrets.org/members-of-congress/industries?cid=N00040712&amp;cycle=2020 It makes them look like they give a shit about pollution without actually giving a shit.
It's why strict meritocracy demands are always faulty. People with money and power will always be able to define and access the best ways to obtain "merit" and try to limit those without. Private schools/tutors/testing help/universities letters of recommendation access to jobs that are cut off from most people. friends and family connections unpaid internships growing up around people with connections where they will help you later just as you will help their kids and family later. fashion styles/brands/etc. It's not just a fashion brand, it's the fabric, cut, trend. Some of that can be very subtle. Get high enough up the socioeonomic ladder in some places and you can start seeing these connections forming at birth. People will "know" you your whole life and you will know them and their family. You can't buy your way in- you have to inherit it.
I literally linked to a company that was had controlling ownership by the British government. "The British government purchased 51% of the company in 1914,[1] gaining a controlling number of shares, effectively nationalizing the company." They effectively ruled the company and local interests for decades with the chief negotiator being Winston Churchill. To say "This is a beast created by the USA" is beyond ludicrous.
Imo, there really isn't a good one at the point. Ethnicity is a cultural grouping- Hispanic, for example, spans the globe from Spain to Mexico to the Philippines to smaller populations in larger, primarily non-Hispanic countries (like the US). It's like how people want to lump Jewish people into one homogenous group, but there is huge cultural and historical diversity even there where, historically, Jewish groups could be found in Europe, North Africa, Middle East, some secret Jewish families immigrating to the New World through Spanish exploration/colonial building, India, East Africa, some quite small migrations into Western China, and so on. On the biological side, there can be large genetic differences even among siblings, and even that can change according to which genetic group you're testing for (X chromosome, Y chromosome, various haplogroups, etc). Even same sex siblings can have different results based on random recombination or even general mutations. Genetic studies are also so brand new that I don't put much stock in current trends and beliefs. It's not that I don't think it's correct or currently valid, but that I've seen big, massive shifts even from literally one day to the next. I was ironically taking an ancient DNA anthropology class when it was announced that intermixed Neanderthal-Human DNA results were discovered. Prior to that, it was considered that there was no N-H intermixing due to there not being any positive results found in Neanderthal mitochondrial DNA. (I hope that sentence makes sense). That's how fast these things can shift, but that's a huge exception to how slow these things really go.
Yeah, that neon, Saved by the Bell early seasons look died very quick in the early 90s. It's frustrating when people keep thinking that "1991" was de facto for the entire decade. The trends were going away from it pretty even by the time the Buffy the vampire Slayer movie and those Aerosmith videos were out.
At least it was 2 months in instead of 2 years in. Two months is an easy loss and pivot to get over, 2 years is almost your entire grad school studies.
No, it's not about the size of funding, but about the general stereotypes, politics, and attitudes involved. Different sources of funding allows for different areas to be explored without all having to compete against each other through the same outlet. A tax "committee" like this might even be biased for one field like organic chem and provide more funding to that over let's say physical chemistry. Or let's say a group doesn't understand one field that well so doesn't know how valuable it is. "Anthropology needs money?" Except that anthropologist is doing deep time ancient hominid protein studies that helps lay the groundwork for really solid genetics research and another anthropologist is working on small pox genetics research to help find a potential cure for AIDS.
Removed for bigoted statements. You've done this in the past, you've been warned about it, and yet you keep doing it. Play nice in the sandbox or don't play at all.
I've taken care of it. I'd prefer to handle things mostly privately if that's okay.
Narrator: it was, in fact, hella racist.
Another problem is that Wolverine sucks up way too much plot. I like Wolverine, but there are so many other XMen characters that barely get lines let alone independent plots.
There were a couple Asian male characters in the 30s and 40s, but they were played mostly by non Asian actors. Peter Lorre was a Japanese character named Mr. Moto is one (the "Hello Moto" phone ad catchphrase is based on it). There was one actual Japanese leading male film star during the silent era named Sessue Hayakawa https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Sessue_Hayakawa
He's a lead farmer.
&gt; Controlled fires haven't been a thing for the duration of the earth's existence. Well, no shit. That's like saying anything human-made or a human- by product is invalid solely based on being human made whether it's positive or negative. The fact is that a lot of what's going on is caused directly by humans, and that includes climate change. A naturalistic nihilism where everything is discounted does nothing to help the situation nor provide the ability to fix anything. Just because entire continents have burned in the deep past doesn't mean we can't limit or fix things presently. Also, a lot of people presume that things like controlled fires are a modern invention, when they really go back thousands of years.
- Woman Authors feature on Wednesdays: Examples of women writing women will be restricted to Woman Author Wednesdays.
The English translated version is often used in US news
Except that it's still okay to be glitzy or flashy or artistic or colorful. And it doesn't make those people "delicate little girls" either. You might have a preference for more muted colors, but that doesn't mean other people can't engage in those very things. Hekc, one skater might go from super sylvan elf queen back to speed skater look just between their two programs. The real issue is when the top skating federation people force arbitrary restrictions on the genders as they did for decades in this sport. it's especially egregious when it reinforces "Manly, athletic power" over "womanly, artistic weakness" as though feminine aspects are inherently inferior to masculine ones. And these problems are even more complicated when it goes to sexuality and gender social issues.
Flip flops are a bad example as they require you to basically pinch your two toes together. They throw off your entire foot and walking right from the get go.
That the sport is already manly. Elvis just has a lot of deep seeded fears about being perceived as gay (whether he is or not).
Lawrence died in the mid 30s, and he went right over the handlebars. Even that kind of accident could fuck someone up with a helmet. Lawrence also survived for about a week before finally dying. Not only were crash helmets not a thing back then, the doctor who attended Lawrence went on to study head injuries from crashes, and that study was used to invent helmets. "Profoundly affected by treating T. E. Lawrence for head injuries during the six days before the latter died after a motorcycle accident, Cairns began a long study of what he saw as the unnecessary loss of life by motorcycle despatch riders through head injuries. His research led to the use of crash helmets by both military and civilian motorcyclists. As a consequence of treating Lawrence, Sir Hugh Cairns would ultimately save the lives of many motorcyclists.[3]" https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Hugh_Cairns_(surgeon) Lawrence's death directly caused helmets being invented.
Just fyi. It's illusion of choice, not allusion
Corporate/academic espionage gas been a thing for decades. Read up on China and Siemens. It's why many companies refused to work with China for building projects. China would always pirate their technology and stuff. It wouldn't be just one person, but multiple people gaining small bits of information over time until the government had large swaths of information and data.
there was one post on like art where people were in full attack mode that "how dare a cute woman stand next to her art in a picture and post that? No dude would ever, EVER get upvoted for doing the same thing." So I went to the top posts ever oft he art sub, and wouldn't you know it. Two of the top ten posts were of dudes standing next to their art. Nobody ever responded when I pointed that out several times.
At his height, there was an added bonus where I would post longer posts, and then people would be even more amazed that "it wasn't Shittymorph, and the post was still cool!" It like enhanced my actual post.
I just suddenly realized I want to have fun with a pair of snakeskin boots or shoes. Not cowboy level, but something really fun. I also can't do heels and don't like Chelsea boots, so it's hard to find smoething.
I get mine on amazon as they're cheaper than the store brand (like almost half the price) I use ProFoot Heel Pain &amp; Plantar Fasciitis for women. https://images-na.ssl-images-amazon.com/images/I/71p88%2BDlMUL._AC_SL1500_.jpg This one. I avoid heels, flip flops, and anything that makes me "pinch" my toes to keep them (like many flats). Try to keep your toes as normal as possible. Tie up shoes allow you to adjust the shoes to fit around your foot, you almost might have to go up half a size to get it to work (I have to do that). Buy a pair of converses on sale to try it you and see if it works. Also stretches. Get on the ground and stretch out your legs and back. Get a belt and stretch your feet out with it (some people use rubber bands for it, I prefer the leather belt as it's stiffer). Also stretch out your feet and legs with stretches against a wall.
&gt; &gt; Culture rarely is generated out of a vacuum, it most commonly advances out of hybridization of native and foreign elements, and the only cultures that aren't "guilty" of borrowing elements from others are a few remaining hunter gatherer groups. Anthropologist here. That's not how culture works. Cultures don't "advance," they just are. The vast majority of different cultures were built through local communities, beliefs, and inter-generational teachings/education. It's not rare for different cultures to meet and interact, but "global interaction" on any real fast level (faster than foot/some animal migration) has only really existed for about 500-ish years. But that doesn't exclude more localized (even intercontinental level) interactions through migration, religion, empire building, exploration, especially trade, or just different groups living near each other that can be wildly different or wildly similar. The thing about cultural appropriation is that a lot of it has to do people frustrated with costuming and "borrowing" entire looks or fashion styles that were ripped off from their own group and then used to promote a different group- but only on a superficial level. A lot of those styles have some very deep meanings and prohibitions on who can wear something and for what reason. Feather headdresses are a good example. It might take a person 10 years of hard work to obtain the ability to wear something, and then some schmuck just picks up a copy, wears it around, and throws it away. Think of it as the fashion version of calling oneself a doctor or a soldier when one actually isn't. People would think it would be weird (and illegal in some cases) for some random guy to go around saying "Yeah, call me 'Doctor Mike' today" in scrubs and wearing a stethoscope and name badge saying he's "Doctor Mike." And its especially egregious for many when it's commodified by the fashion industry where they'll steal entire methods, styles, patterns, looks, slap a $800 price tag on something they didn't create in the first place, not pay anything to the original creators, and then move onto the next big ethnic "look" that they can steal. It's not just about "oh, we all beg, borrow, and steal each others looks." It's that many people in different cultures (no, not all people and not cultures) get frustrated when people wear their own clothes (or full on racist caricatures) without permission or without understanding what it actually means to those who actually wear those clothes and have certain taboos and the like. There's also the colonialist aspect as well, but that's a longer post.
For anyone who doesn't know who Dylan Moran is, he was the guy who looked like Harry Potter in Shaun of the Dead.
&gt;"they're always moving, unless they aren't" The first law of gravity
Just to focus on irrigation a bit, irrigation systems are incredibly old in general and predate complex civilizations (using V Gordon Childe's term). I'm not bypassing the politics here. Just that irrigation systems are not necessarily dependent on complex city states
That depends on who owns the casinos, who's actually getting the money and what the better is actually doing with that money.
We ahve cicadas too and I love the humming sound. I got weirdly happy when Stein's Gate had entire scenes of just cicadas humming along.
Plus he lost his mother. Kids with that kind of loss are often hyper sensitive to those kinds of remarks. It hits differently, because their emotional responses have to cope with that kind of loss but lack the mental ability to ignore them.
That's not going to fly in Baghdad
But it is the basis for body farms
It's weird how Captain Planet is basically a humanoid version of Power Tangers type story. Instead of turning into a huge mecha, he turns into a environmentalist superhero.
Or squirrels on Capitol Hill
Over Sherlock Holmes? The stories had some issues, but Doyle was actually pretty progressive. One story featured a secret interracial marriage between a white woman and an African American man that was tragic and fully formed despite all being told in retrospect.
&gt; &gt; For example, the 1st Amendment would never have passed in the current congress. Or the one under Addams
Outbreak is very goofy in places.
There are over two billion Christians in the world. Not all follow the Catholic Church, but even the church has its own imports. Irish Catholicism is a good example of hybridizing older beliefs into new ones or even just tossing things like fairies out into a nebulous outsider designation. I'm not sure why you're digging in so hard on this issue when you think it's "all bullshit." It's not even close to all black or white.
That explains why they have a lot of picnic tables.
Just gotta hit that denucleate temperature
Found ascended Daniel Jackson
"I didn't actually make the steel. I just figured out how to do it."
My point is that this state jumped on violent methods for human rights train first.
No I wrote that. What I meant is that if she could handle a Marxist discussion on Transformers, then handling a feminist discussion on how an actress and her character were portrayed badly is going to be that much easier.
The Stonewall riots kicked off the modern era lgbt movement.
Because you're comparing fiction to reality. It'd be like if I compared E! Entertainment reality shows to real life families. The reality shows are all fake artifice designed to entertain. Same with fictional weddings.
[Hello ma?](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ILysMhm8lXs)
It's the rare individual who is capable enough and lucky enough to be able to institute deep structural changes on that level. Cop families are only part of it. It's also the entire local political system- from local business people to aldermen/ward bosses to city council members to city hall to the various old boys' clubs. Hell even the PTA and various Christian and/or women's groups can reinforce the "hard on crime/we're scared of non-white people" tactics and belief systems.
Ah yes. The biggest fear of Kaneye
Hence the quotes. The "confederate flag" that we know was a battle flag that was used years later in a more general way in the confederacy. That flag was later picked up and used as a symbol of oppression against African American and to romanticize the "Antebellum South" for southern white people.
So biscuits and gravy it is!
So.... Confederate "widowhood" was a strange trend that happened in the 1920s-ish. Older men who had confederate pensions were wooed by many families with younger daughters (late teens, early 20s) so the women and children could receive their pensions. So with that trend, a lot of babies were born with insanely older fathers and quite young mothers. It was very much one of those "freakonomics" type odd example.
Ooh. Joel would be amazing
Havveeee.... you played Detroit Become Human? Because that game was grade A-prime schlock.
Yeah, but not for the time. "Race" was nebulous even then. There were books clear up to the 60s where some writers were still using terms like "The Irish race." Desilu was hugely progressive, and that's why it's outlasted a lot of contemporaries. Ricky made it a rule right from the start that nobody's accent would be mocked. The only exception to that was Lucy making fun of Ricky, but that was always posited as a joke between a married couple.
&gt; I'm wondering if, judging by the prison scene at the end, the idea is that they want to steal their own song from the future but are faced with a whole bunch of different possible futures and they have to pick the "right one". I'm waiting for the John Fogerty defense against self plagiarism.
For me, personally, it's pretty much all of it.
He was in Wyandotte County for a visit. https://www.kcur.org/show/central-standard/2018-04-04/seg-1-meeting-martin-luther-king-jr-in-kansas-seg-2-evolutionary-psychology Some of the men in those pictures are still alive.
It's only because we've forgotten most of the Bush shit. Bush, at least, could take a joke. But that doesn't detract from the torture, the homophobia, corruption, the anti-socialized medicine for children, the Clear Skies Act, the anti-stem cell research stance, Hurricane Katrina, Diebold, the Dismissal of U.S. attorneys controversy, the waterboarding torture, the Roberts Court, the war crimes, the yellow cake uranium, having his administration lie to start the Iraq War, and so on.
Get Mongos to fight the gorillas
Except she's not. The moment she "failed" (and it was a stupid reason), she threw out every stupid excuse in the book ("I was in a tunnel") to her irate husband. Her perfectionist attitude screeched to a halt once the shoe was on the other foot.
R&amp;B was originally called "race records," but was changed in the late 30s to "rhythm and blues" to be less racist.
For rock But if we bring in other genres, then Django and Robert better be up there too
The split infinitive thing was stupid to begin with, it was basically built om the idea that infinitives in Latin can't be split (since it's a single word), then English should follow suit.
Losing taste/smell is one symptom that can vary a lot. Many patients don't lose either one, it's just that it can be lost.
Lack of people. Women knew that they'd be "counted" in the census, but were unwilling to just give that bump in population levels without being compensated for it. Plus with far fewer people in general and a real lack of cohesive cultural/religious ties, every white person was basically an "immigrant" in the territory with almost no federal/local government support or enforcement. It also hit right when first wave feminism was restarting again hard after the Civil War (the movement died quick during that era) with a huge emphasis on voting (it wasn't as pushed before the war)- especially since African American men also received suffrage with the 14th amendment almost at the exact time.
Right I was just adding information
It's way more than "reckless driving" &gt;"Marshall was originally charged with reckless driving and battery after a May 2008 encounter where he was accused of hitting a Great Bend resident with his truck. A civil lawsuit over the episode was settled out of court. Marshall has always denied hitting the man." &gt;Prosecutors dropped the battery charge after negotiations with Marshall, who pleaded no contest to reckless driving. He was sentenced to five days in jail — all time suspended — and a $150 fine, plus court costs. &gt;But weeks later on Christmas Eve 2008, Fleske went to District Court Judge Mike Keeley with a proposal to eliminate Marshall’s conviction from a sentencing document. It was in the form of an order called nunc pro tunc (the Latin phrase “now for then”), which would insert a traffic infraction in place of reckless driving." Not only did the reduce the original charge to reckless driving, they then reduced that to basically nothing at all. A pedestrian got hit by a car, which Marshall pled no contest. Then he denied it ever happening and claims that the order that Marshall himself signed as "an error." &gt;“Anyone in rural Kansas can attest that when you live in a town for three decades, deliver thousands of babies, chair church board, lead Rotary Club and run businesses and charities, you’re going to know most everyone. That’s just a fact of life out here,” Eric Pahls said in a statement. Barf. That's the kind of humble bragging that serial killers use. "I'm just a humble doctor with social club ties.... Ignore the dead bodies in the basement of my summer cottage."
bio fuel
That was one of the greatest RL soap opera reveals ever.
Just as an FYI. Having a child end up as a victim isn't a failure on the parents' side. They're victims too in this type of crime.
I love Sanjar. You're also underestimating his ability to lead and promote change. He's trying to change the culture internally while Graham was trying to change in externally. Both have positives and negatives, but Sanjar kept the only real successful, independent community up and going for 10 years AFTER he got it up and running after a huge massacre. The Groundbreaker had independence, but it carried on from the start and had legal protections to keep it so.
You should do the Nerdist Interview with Andrea Romero. She really digs deep into the history of tv cartoons and the business side and all of her work on the DC shows.
That depends on the tank and what type of car you're driving
The victim required medical care and claimed to have needed surgery later.
A source on topic?
Carter closed the asylums. They needed to be closed. The problem is that when they were closed, Reagan was in office. He he didn't give a shit about millions of mentally unwell people, and just let them filter right into crime and prison system.
That was pre-Pokemon. This was prime tamagachi era.
And then there was the Napoleonic Wars. Outside of Spain, who the fuck knows who was teamed up with everyone else at the time?
Obama dealt with a pandemic in his first 6 months of his presidency. The H1N1 pandemic came out around April 2009. https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/2009_swine_flu_pandemic
That he's an asshole who gaslighted at least one entire generation of abuse victims from being believed by authorities and mental health "professionals."
I mean, there are many variations of chili and cinnamon rolls. The point is that you have to have both in order for it to count.
Was she Violent Evergarden?
