in my office its a girl with a bracelet that sounds like shackles every time she lifts her hand up and rests (ie slams) it back down on the desk. it sounds like were haunted by the ghost of christmas yet to come.
*everybody wants everything ive got* *which is fine because its all a big corporate plot!*
/r/suddenlygay
&gt;and ive brought you myrrh.... &gt;*...myrrhdyrrh!* *gasp* Judas!
1 report: "this post is fucking dumb" yes it is.
*who* was black. "a man" is the object of the verb "elected", while "who" is the subject of the subordinate clause about being black.
the trade war?
Hakenkreuzkinderrhönradturnengerät.
bad taste, excellent execution maternity wear
those things aren't mutually exclusive.
"whom" is an object pronoun, like her, him, me, us or thee.
me *neither*
thats because as soon as a fly gets in your mouth, all of a sudden it's "im dyin in this country-ass, fucked up town"
&gt;no less deserving of acknowledgment/acceptance than the white southern dialect. so basically... acknowledged and accepted... but still seen as low class and provincial.
contagious yawn
also, if i can spend $60 at a bar over the weekend, can i really justify not giving this guy $1 cause he *might* spend it on booze?
i imagine rowan atkinson is a pro at this.
she used a whole damn troll army to kiss em goodbye thats my kind of story its no fun till some one cries
art of conquest? i preferred vanilla EE myself. but whats that got to with ocasio cortez?
personally, I think IPAs all have the same nasty taste, albeit some to a slighty lesser extent and id take a lager or a pils over an IPA anyday, but like you said, if someone is treating me to an IPA, ill keep that opinion to myself... unless asked.
the capitol wasteland is upon us
~~wasnt there a photo where trump was handing a guy a giant check for a couple thousand after he had just passed a million dollar budget cut for the guy's department?~~ [heres the pic of them handing a paltry check to the national park services](https://timedotcom.files.wordpress.com/2017/04/trump-salary-national-park-service.jpg)
and self-masturbatory. this subreddit is hella slanted. half of what makes it to the top is left-leaning conjecture, speculation, and opinion. but it gets upvoted because we all *want* it to be true, not because it is true.
&gt;If there was a young white male democrat... Would they call him a ‘fraud’? Would they try to paint a 30-year-old, self-described socialist white guy as a fraud? I think that's *highly* likely.
source?
germany tried this. most of them wont go back.
im not talking about the recent refugees. i mean the economic migrants from turkey who came to work temporarily, then decided to stay.
philistines
&gt;I straight up punched him. are you being charged with assault?
you already got your example a few comments up. that's why people are downvoting you.
don't do anything to anyone? what does that mean?
we dont have to walk. we can crowdsurf.
eisenhower warned of the atheistic communist threat in his farewell adress, the same farewell address reddit loves to quote from because of the line about the military industrial complex.
i agree, but this headline is also bad because it's misleading. they didnt track him because he joined the civil rights group. they did it because he really did espouse socialist ideas.
schlug mich zu es!
a couple times a year i get a tingling sensation in the bottom row of my teeth and soreness in my back. whenever that happens i know im going to go through waves of excruciating chest pain for the next two hours or so. for me it's heartburn. it feels like a dull knife slowly being driven through my sternum. no amount of tums or pepto bismol helps. just a wooden spoon to bite on.
yes. till mostly sings slowly and anunciates very well, so singing along is great pronunciation practice. they also use a lot of plays on words, which, with the right resouces (mine was herzeleid.com), can help you learn a lot of vocabulary and their alternate meanings: "los" and "haifisch" are great examples. then there are the allusions to german culture: 'totensonntag' and 'hoppe, hoppe reiter' in "spieluhr", the lines from '3 groschen oper' in "haifisch", the lines from 'das sandmännchen' in "mein herz brennt", all of which expose you to aspects of german culture that just about everyone in germany is familiar with. this might not be a language learning tool per se, but on the other hand, learning about the culture is an essential part of learning a language IMO. and last but not least: the songs about tragic current events: rammstein, mein teil, and wiener blut. not the nicest of stories, but again, stories that just about every german (and austrian) is aware of. rammstein is a great resource for learning german. if the lyrics and visuals werent so graphic, id bet a lot more german teachers would use their material in the classroom. there are a few songs that are completely uncontroversial like los and haifisch, but there's always the risk of helicopter parents googling the band and throwing a shit fit at the next pta meeting. for self study though, they were a huge help.
&gt;because it sounds angry here's [a corny christmas song](https://youtu.be/PtQWaq2_DCM) to dispell this stupid myth. and [a reggae song](https://youtu.be/PR1O2oq8vc4) and here [the pinnacle of german singing talent](https://youtu.be/qJe3cdM7f1c) and [whatever the hell this is](https://youtu.be/yO7MWuJ7zLA) german sounds angry when it's spoken with an angry voice, like vocalists in metal bands and soldiers in ww2 movies do.
dae skool iz hard lel?
witch hunt, no collusion, fake news. one, all, or some combo of the three will be in US history textbooks under trump's name half a century from now. it'll take the passing of centuries or the collapse of the nation for such an incompetent fuckup to be forgotten.
same here. saw that skill tree and thought "i really dont feel like spending an entire day researching how to make a build". d3 also got rid of a lot of needless, tedious mechanics from d2 that PoE kept. the only thing i like more about PoE is that it actually *looks* like a diablo game while d3 uses cartoonish weeaboo models like from WoW.
*industrial woosh*
that's... a bit of a stretch.
is this a false dilemma or are you arguing in bad faith?
while we're clarifying terms, i think we should stop selling binary short. binary offers a heck of a lot more combinations of 1s and 0s than just "1" or "0."
i hear ya. dont need to pay me to shill for bbw
when things arent going great, i find any kind of "power of positive thinking" advice to just be shallow and condescending. makes me feel worse really. and angry at the person trivializing things.
whale oil beef hooked
Ein stolzer DDR-Bürger heißt das, du Kapitalistenschwein!
aye lad i do
no one in germany does it. im guessing it was made up by a german immigrant to the US.
only read half of the old testament and half of the new testament?
*Auferstanden aus Ruinen* heißt das, Genosse!
but worked in massachusetts where it was introduced by a republican governor but somehow no one in the republican party saw the hypocrisy in 2012 except tim pawlenty, and his attempt at coining the term "obamneycare" was countered with a simple "i made sure the people of my state had access to healthcare coverage" and the republicans just accepted it because when a republican introduces universal healthcare somehow it's ok, which also explains why the republicans have now appended "*and replace*" to their "repeal obamacare" mantra?
does that mean we're not allowed to enjoy it? i still enjoyed it.
if you buy buy buy when youre ca - tho - lic *what's it like to be a hypocrite?*
"this coming from the people who" is a common preface to an accusation of hypocrisy.
what do you have against [ben franklin](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Poor_Richard%27s_Almanack)?
what is... ass? very strange, very delicious!
is mistaking ukraine and france really that much more reasonable?
if youre in high school, people are gonna call you wank if you wear that
where did you get 9% from?
&gt;uninformed comments in English to pretty accurately assume its Americans english is the lingua franca on reddit. every time you assume ignorant comments in english must come from americans, putin wins.
misleading language. turkey isn't a "gulf kingdom," and that's where most of the funding for mosques comes from in germany.
hooh, huah, **HYEH**
können wir bitte die antwoord hören? *die antwoord ist nein!*
there was a time when people thought a cup of coffee was enough to sober up before driving home.
for the last true revelation came with the birth of our lord and savior jesus christ and all religions thereafter are false?
someone brought up hitler in the third comment on a post that has nothing to do with hitler, ww2, or nazis. do you really think the explanation is gonna be worth reading?
until it dawns on you "how am i supposed to dust this shit?"
are there people who cannot and *do* have the capacity to do something?
&gt;lynched and jailed and put on the sex offender list i dont think they nornally put dead people in jail and on the sex offender list.
recently had /u/USAbobFL trolling in our subreddit. post history was nearly identical: offering to take posters on legalteens out to red lobster, various shitposts on thedonald, calling everyone bub and fella, mentioning he's a senior on cialis, and telling people to come to tampa and fight him. certainly is dedicated.
roses are red violets are blue when slipknot came to town i came too
it's out of this world
repost in TIL next week: when a whale dies and its corpse sinks to the bottom of the ocean its called a "whale fall" and supports an entire ecosystem.
i love slipknot, but id never wear any of this WANKY stuff, especially not in the UK of all places. the bus is kinda cool though.
honestly wouldnt surprise me in the least if russia includes anti vaxxing in their online psychological warfare. it's divisive *and* could get a lot of people killed. potentially more harmful than stirring up racial tensions.
you dont need photoshop to make a meme. just use paint 3D.
*yet*
word
*ba - su - rita*
now imagine having a metal on metal hip replacement
i see you too still have post GoT HBO ^^^or ^^^YouTube
next thing you know shrek will be in sid
also a great resource for learning/teaching german also really easy to learn on guitar and fun to play.
i see mick, joey, paul, and jim. any others in there im missing?
ive been a mod here for like five years now, yo
memba 2005 when we took pikchaz wit pataytas? i memba
omfg that cant be real
why does the pug look sad? because it can't breathe.
ill take random shots at america for the 500th time
his best mask hands down
they have water by all the doors you can wash your forehead with
the lord of lies
makes me laugh everytime i see a manlet climb down out of his big barbie truck.
except they've always painted their faces black under their masks.
when youre a 250lbs woman who got pulled out of a lake 2 days postmortem
isnt something like this why rammstein couldnt tour in the US for a while?
cant wait to see him do one of these "interviews" in his new mask
princess ruto from ocarina of time, but on a 1970's tube tv
ill join you in downvote oblivion. the vol 3 mask was still better than this one, but i agree it looked pretty fisher price. disasterpieces mask best mask.
what did he say exactly? "im gonna go to a really expensive mask designer and tell him to just fuck my shit up; make me look like a pale blob."
hell. and fire. were born to be released!
Nice
i wipe it off on tile
yeah his response here sounds like [this](https://i0.kym-cdn.com/entries/icons/facebook/000/017/937/nsEjedV.jpg)
not for podrick
/r/neckbeardnests
username checks out?
*Daddy likes*.
username doesnt check out?
Landkreis Dahme-Spreewald?
we accept her, we accept her
they're the same people who happily pay for microtransactions.
kranker brand!
maybe if youre 12. PSA anyway: having sex in water means whatever is in that water can also enter the vagina, e.g. sea salt, microscopic marine life or, if youre in a pool, chlorine. dont have sex in water.
now he just needs a gimp costume
looks like coreys in one of those chairs you get a pelvic exam in
[yes](http://i.imgur.com/DPz5zNg.jpg)
läuft grad nur auf 90% leistung, weil einige LEDs lila sind anstatt rot
if by mozzarella cheese you mean mozz sticks with sour cream and/or bbq sauce
next youre gonna tell me you dont like mayo on your french fries
marinara is like missionary. still fun, but why not have *more* fun?
and when fox criticized obama it was for petty shit like the color of his suit, but never for things like the troop surge in afghanistan, authorizing the extra judicial killing of an american citizen, libya, prism, etc.
till ist doch ossi, du kapitalistenschwein!
Deine Mutter ist ein Nagetier.
my problem with metallica is they helped shit up napster right around the time i was developing my taste in music. *thanks to napster, poor lars ulrich cant afford a gold plated shark tank* and the chin singing
he doesnt want it
who's peter tägtgren?
sehr hilfsbereit für einen der keine lust hat
Du hast selber gesagt, dass sie nagt.
looks pretty jpeg
what youre experiencing now is kinda like when you scroll through fb and only see people's happy stories and become depressed because their lives seem so perfect compared to yours (even though theyre probably not any better). here, you're seeing a selection of upvoted responses that the audience here *wants* to hear, but don't reflect mainstream attitudes in the real world.
i looked at OPs post history briefly and from what i can tell, he or she is a bisexual californian who's pro choice and interested in LGBT rights. doesn't really fit the profile of a redpiller. the only mention of trump is criticizing people for calling trump a nazi or fascist, but that doesnt automatically make someone a trump *voter*.
poland
timmy never knew it was a mustang
i know the difference but still sometimes right one when i mean the other.
could just be mdma
since you couldnt see what the guy in the white shirt was doing really, i wasnt sure if he was one of the journalists or one of the cops.
so dehnt man ganz schön die pobäckchen
another fun fact: Gerald Ford and JFK were both supporters of America First, a movement to keep the US from getting involved in WW2.
that's the opposite of fun
are...
thats because most of LI is a reaganite shithole, politically speaking.
yep, in 7 deadly sins. funny it wasnt intended to be biographical, but really the biographical parts were the only interesting ones.
why?
never knew AOC was a rammstein fan. awesome.
this is why i rarely fast travel in w3.
gets me every time
nazis, communists, and zombies wanna make a movie or video game that revolves around the merciless slaughter of human beings that the audience won't question for a second? pick one of the above as your antagonist.
"i had phimosis."
as many times as it takes
somebody meme it. /u/shitty_watercolour?
wonder if he already qualifies for workman's comp
just remove the cotton balls first
some schools make you live in a dorm for your first year.
which witch bitches wore which swiss swatch watches?
how aggresively they seek converts and the way they treat apostates.
im sure if enough people sought exemptions theyd make them harder to get. dorms (and dining halls since dorms rarely have proper kitchens) make a shit ton of money for the college.
black people also spell white names weird. exhibit a: sho'von instead of siobhan exhibit b: airwrecka instead of erica
bUt HeY cMoN gUyZ iF cOrEy LiKeS iT i LiKe It AfTeR tHiS pIcTuRe ItS sTaRtInG tO gRoW oN mE tHe FaCe PaInT wIlL mAkE iT bEtTeR
/s is slightly different. it indicates what youre saying is sarcasm and kinda ruins the joke. tHiS is just to mock canned responses that inevitably appear whenever a certain topic comes up.
catholic?
the comments i responded to were talking about *white* vs *black* names, not english vs whatever else. irish people are generally on the pale side, so id say my example fits.
no one was talking about english names
where i live is irrelevant but in ireland and anywhere with a lot of irish immigrants (or descendants thereof) like boston or the nyc area it's fairly common.
because it's not at all uncommon for white people to spell it "shawn" or "shaun" and the conversation was about the different ways black and white people spell names, so "sean" would be a poor example.
exactly. he's always gonna sweat under the mask so no matter what he does with it, it's gonna end up looking smeared and shitty.
germany has both private and public and its created a two class system. private patients typically get seen first and get single rooms in hospitals while publicly insured patients tend to wait longer and get put in 2 or more bed rooms. not only that, private insurers adjust their pricing so that only young, healthy, middle and higher income people will buy insurance from them, meaning they only end up with low cost patients while the public has to take care of everyone else. so the private has more income than costs and the public has more cost than income. yet another "compromise" that means profits are privatized and cost is socialized. yay.
less high ranch and more row house
* dial a number on a touch screen * turn up the volume * watch a film with your bluray player * put another clip in your ak * the save icon language is stupid. people are stupid. everything is stupid. *shrug*
and still there are gas stations on LI with professionally printed signs that say "ATM Machine"
jim's worried he's next so he's taking it out on potato chrisp.
we dont know anything about this guy, could be he was just staring at his phone the last 3 songs, not paying attention to the show and taking up a spot plenty of other people would appreciate a lot more. but that's just speculation.
the [website](https://www.rammstein.de/en/rammsteinstore/) (on mobile anyway) only mentions days in march :/
billboards are complete shit and any reason to get rid of them is fine by me.
fun fact: they'll usually eat your face first!
coulda gone with the chodoboy get up
buying off debt that borrowers were likely gonna default on or defer for an eternity isnt really gonna hurt the lenders. this almost sounds like another bank bailout.
youre really gonna bring up cotton in a thread about racism? *nice*
ja bitte
arent aluminum cans lined with plastic anyway?
trichloramine is produced by mixing sweat or piss with chlorine. i dont think a speedo is going to discourage anybody from pissing in the pool.
or they managed to reproduce before laying down and dying
eins, zwei, polizei
two points not being addressed here: * people ITT thread are acting like the only people opposed to student loan forgiveness are boomers, as if no one their age managed to pay off their student loan debt. it's not about wanting the people "after" you to suffer, it's about expecting the people *right next to you* to take responsibility for their actions. if you thought you were too good for trade school and instead decided to take out a $100,000 loan to study medieval italian lit, that's no one else's problem but your own. that's got nothing to do with expecting others to suffer like i did. if somebody cant pay their rent cause they just had to buy a $40,000 car, again, that's their problem. * how exactly will this debt be forgiven? yes, there will be a tax on wall street, but where will those funds go? buying the bad debt off of lenders? how is that not just another bank bailout? how is that not a reward for predatory lending? im all about tuition free state college for the people after me, but buying off existing privately held debt is just bonkers.
saubere wehrmacht legende much?
rommel apologia falls under that umbrella.
&gt;a Rommel reference (while still likely a dog whistle) would be played off as a military history buff kind of thing which is exactly why i replied. for some reason, there's a pervasive rumor that rommel was just another soldier, even among people who aren't a part of that milieau, and I'd like to see that rumor cleared up.
#It isn’t just a reddit thing it’s an American thing!
2019 was a fuckin sick year to be a metalhead, at least for me. new slipknot, tool and rammstein, my three favorite bands all released new albums.
unpopular opinion: some parts of LI are densely populated enough to justify late night bus service on holidays.
according to the snopes article, it's patently false. they say it's not even the kind of sudafed that you can get high on.
let's play a fun game: &gt;Please never stop repeating this. The electorate needs proof that justice is still a thing. If **Nixon** gets off, we and future generations are screwed. It ultimately goes back to **Ehrlichman** but we also have **Barker** and **Martínez** to address. And then there’s the handful of oligarchs. &gt;Please never stop repeating this. The electorate needs proof that justice is still a thing. If **Reagan** gets off, we and future generations are screwed. It ultimately goes back to **Oliver North** but we also have **Edwin Meese** and **Caspar Weinberger** to address. And then there’s the handful of oligarchs. &gt;Please never stop repeating this. The electorate needs proof that justice is still a thing. If **Bush** gets off, we and future generations are screwed. It ultimately goes back to **Cheney** but we also have **Rumsfeld** and **Gingrich** to address. And then there’s the handful of oligarchs.
it can also create a two class system where private patients get preferential treatment.
till the night of long knives
downside is they rope in young, naïve people with lower rates, then when they inevitably get older/sicker and their rates go up they often cant get back into the public insurance. other downside is the private insurers leach all the young and healthy policy holders who are most profitable and the public insurance has to carry the elderly and infirmed "expensive" policy holders. another "compromise" where profits are privatized and expenses are socialized.
pretty sure this is a tram
not in terms of triage of course, but for example private patients might get a single room in a hospital while public patients would be put in a room with 2+ beds.
that's a whole lotta montauk.
i think what this person is saying is, in reference to this swing where this picture was taken, where is the lighthouse?
it depends. yes, it's technically the german word for empire so it's used to describe any other empire, but in a german context *das Reich* generally makes people think of the third reich, which was somewhat inspired by the first and was technically just a continuation of the second. *blitz* is a better example of a totally normal german word that anglophones associate with the nazis. blitz just means lightning. it also refers to the flash on a camera. and getting *geblitzt* in german means you were caught by a traffic camera.
the difference being, if you were to spraypaint the word "volkswagen" on the side of a building, no one's gonna think you're a neonazi.
ideologies often have their own neologisms, coded language, and buzz words to create a sense of belonging among those in the know and a sense of superiority over those out of the loop. you also see this phenomenon on subreddits, fan communities, and online video games.
whereas "vixen" sounds just like *wichsen*, which means "to masturbate"
*insert another lame attempt to correct some trivial thing and one up you so i can piggyback on the karma train*
especially poignant given he's originally from australia, which is literally on fire now, due in part to global warming that he denies.
the "bernie or bust" people are pretty close to jonestown IMHO.
it's really not. voting for trump to spite the DNC just gives the GOP more court appointments, which will jeopardize all existing and future progressive legislation for decades to come: roe v wade, obamacare (much less m4a), gay marriage, any hopes of gun control, tuition free college, a higher federal minimum wage, you name it. all at risk. and to be frank, it's beyond entitled for college educated 20 or 30-something year olds to vote for someone who's gonna kick the poor and elderly off of food stamps, meals on wheels, social security, etc just to "send a message." there's nothing progressive about letting others suffer for your own politcal ends while you can just ride it out. when it comes down to it, i hope everyone here (who actually cares about progressive politics and their fellow americans) has the common sense and decency to vote blue in the general, no matter who the candidate is. anyone in the running would be better than trump. that being said, until then, let's fight like hell to make bernie the nominee and make this whole discussion irrelevant.
&gt;Nobody voted for trump for this reason. They, however, may not have been motivated to vote for Clinton. nobody you know. ive met a few people who voted for trump as a "protest" vote. not even talking about people who didnt vote at all. &gt;This is when the ~~bot~~ person usually says "if you didn't vote against trump, you voted for trump." this is pathetic. you're arguing with yourself and putting words in my mouth. also, i'm not a bot. check my post history. not everyone who disagrees with you is a bot or troll. more likely trolls would *encourage* protest votes. &gt;And that's when we point out as long as we continue to allow a lesser than two evils election system those evils will continue to get worse until the system collapses or we collapse. like it or not, some see this is a justification for voting for trump as a "protest" vote. people ive talked to said they think getting trump elected was the only way to get the DNC to wake up.
american saying my cocaine or a brit saying michael caine? jaimaican saying bacon or a brit saying beer can?
Near Some Wallabies, Straya
popes too!
...only if the number of people capable of defacing a government website is equal to the number of people in control of drones equipped with hellfire missiles flying over baghdad. something tells me there are more of the former.
they linked a tweet with one in the article
because the second i is silent in AmE. kinda like aluminum vs aluminium, except the i in missle is still there for some reason. anyhoo, thanks for the pointer ;)
cause they like [outkast](https://youtu.be/lVehcuJXe6I)?
uh ackchyually it's pronounced *tomato*
real answer: because a lot of vice presidents have gone on to become president. rhetorical answer to what was likely a rhetorical question: because he plans to maintain the status quo.
*Society grows great when old men plant trees whose shade they know they'll never sit in.*
srsly what's the point of checking your privilege if you cant crush puss in the process?
and made sure the balls didn't touch
when did this sub turn into /r/sexygrillgifs?
*custodian,* dick!
but like, not nearly as many people have walked off piers or into fountains or crashed their cars cause they were so distracted reading books, watching tv, or listening to the radio.
wait till you hear how unappetizing *Schnitzel wiener Art* sounds in english.
and for decades, US policy in the middle east has been to make sure no one country or coalition becomes too powerful. hence the seemingly schizophrenic timeline of coups, invasions, weapons sales, changing of alliances, sanctions, etc.
wow. i thought b2b marketing was bad with the empty corporate buzzwords and their short shelf lives. guess it's bad everywhere.
how transformative is your innovation though? is it 1+1=3 enough?
*Steck 'ne Banane in dein Ohr!* *'Ne reife feine kleine in dein Lieblingsohr hinein!* edit: [for the uninitiated](https://youtu.be/FaVrzkp7-h4) (song starts at 3:23)
na wenn *er* tot ist, dann hat seine muddi *ihn* getötet
el uno dijo en aleman algo como "su madre él mató. él es muerto" y yo le dije que no, si *él* es muerto, se dice que "su madre *le* mató."
und dann alles explodiert kein willen triumphiert
siehe oben
*viva la franzia!*
also sounds like a humble brag to the ham beasts on here (e.g. yours truly) who are proud to cover 5k in under 30m.
it enables him to swallow an entire turkey with his ass.
&gt;Abroad, being in diff parties doesn’t mean you dislike each other. It means you acknowledge your differences and come together in coalition. like the GroKo in germany which has basically neutered the SPD and allowed the CDU to take credit for the SPD's accomplishments. Große Koalition? Nein, danke. not saying im in favor of fptp, just pointing out that forming coalitions can also be destructive (just imagine biden saying we should form a coalition with the GOP). the grass isn't always greener.
DONT FORGET THE BREAD AND MILK
*Brechreiz*
or all the other new tech companies whose stock prices keep going up b/c revenues keep going up, yet they've hardly ever turned a profit, if at all, and are eventually gonna go bust (assuming they dont get bought by google or micrcosoft)
it's not quite as specific as what you were describing, it's just the word for nausea, feeling like you're gonna puke, etc
My daughter and I's picture.
i know. i was playing a long.
if being weak means living 15 years longer i prefer to be weak.
diese reiche reichische Zusammenfassung reicht völlig aus.
and pardoning a war criminal to use him as a prop at his hate orgies.
for anyone like me who had no idea [what the sunrise movement is](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Sunrise_Movement)
and he endorsed an establishment republican (romney) over his own father; a traitor to his principles *and* his family.
&gt;"British leftists are antisemites!" meanwhile she wrote a book series featuring a bank that has a yiddish sounding name, run by greedy little goblins with long, hooked noses. pot, meet kettle.
hang a handle over each ear and voilà, c'est le barf bag.
or crossover marketing with starbucks
*opposing sides* *your choices are* *cheesy bread or brocolli*
yep. just as blatant as [gargamel](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Gargamel) and azrael from the smurfs who wants to turn the smurfs into gold.
pic? tried google images, didnt see the star you mean. even aside from that, the archetype is pretty obvious.
this maimai needs to go live on a farm upstate.
the overlap here between *Nationaldemokratische Partei Deutschlands* NPD and Narcissistic Personality Disorder NPD is perfect.
that's what i thought till bernie raised 34.5 mil in a single quarter without taking donations from billionaires. we have the money if we organize properly.
notice how much more text was required to clear up the bullshit comment you were replying to? that's the right's secret; spew bullshit faster than it can be disproven.
sounds like socialism /s
&gt;ever notice how the asshole never gets hurt? ever see one man one jar?
really? cause people didnt trust comey either when he was trying the same shit.
it's a vestige of people trying to avoid being "trapped" by people posting lewd pics on 4chan: always assume OP is (actually) a dude until all doubt has been removed.
i read this in ted cruz candidate for real human president's voice.
Deine Mudda ist 'ne Ziege, Alter.
who alleged that?
OK I'm calling it. Corey's new mask officially looks cool now.
you dont remember the blank stare on his face after kanye dropped his "george bush doesnt care about black people" line on live tv?
like a megiowamaniacal tab on my tongue
the cut, yeah, but this one has a much cleaner look. the old one *looked* like it smelled.
**B**undes**a**mt für **M**igration und **F**lüchtlinge - Federal Office for Migration and Refugees.
except now the mainstream machine is making bank off of trump, from the tax cuts to the constant flow of scandals to report on. sometimes it seems like they wanna prop up biden just so that he'll lose and they can get 4 more years out of their cash cow. i dont think they'll be able to monetize bernie like that.
with bernie it'd require some effort; some misleading commentary or spin. with trump it takes no effort at all. just play footage of him making fun of a disabled reporter, making fun of mccain for being a POW, saying he could shoot someone on fifth ave and get away with it or any 5 minute excerpt from one of his aphasic rants at his rallies.
&gt;Schhhh, hörst du das? Das ist der Klang der Vergebung. Das ist der Klang von ertrinkenden Menschen, Karl! &gt;Ja, so hört sich Vergebung nun mal an: Schreie und dann Stille.
it helps prevent curse buildup in the grand archives.
&gt;stop liking things i dont like!
yeah like postwar berlin. make this old factory into a club!
yep
we say *that's a bingo!*
close! carter gave weapons to indonesia while they were committimg [atrocities in east timor,](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Indonesian_occupation_of_East_Timor) despite his campaign promise *not* to sell arms to such regimes.
you can probably find a least a handful of doctors talking about the common cold on social media.
talk about *loooooove*
its all bickerbeepia
pulling away a microphone stand then having a 5 second tug of war while not even touching someone is not *assault*. and she was basically reading an entire speech during what appeared to be a Q&amp;A. can we stop with the hyperbole?
also, who the fuck would buy a castle on such tiny plots of land?
some of *us* live abroad, friendo
this pic honestly gives me existential dread. imagine being a tiny organism living in there and thats your world, yet all it is is a single fence post on a planet that's unfathomably larger. then think how, on a grand scale, our world really isn't that much larger than that little green pristine valley within a fencepost.
now we all know you have an android phone cause you left the utm tags
"toilet" used to, and in other languages still does, refer to the entire room and not just the bowl. hence the word "toiletries" for things you use in the bathroom and not just while on the toilet bowl and "eau de toilette" meaning "cologne" even though the literal translation is "toilet water."
i first heard of bernie because he was working together with or at least voted similarly to ron paul on issues like the iraq war, the war on drugs, and the patriot act.
legitimized by democratic election of representatives.
people who as adults say *"if you don't like america, then you can get out"* are the same people who as kids said *"if you like it so much, why don't you marry it!?"*
The British abandoned Hong Kong to the PRC; they'll do the same to you. Thus I implore you, abandon the Commonwealth, cast aside the chains of monarchy, become the 51^st State, adopt our superior orthography, and enjoy all the Maccas your heart desires.
i think it's worse than that. it's not that they don't understand, all they're looking to do is discredit people who disagree with them and it doesn't matter to them if their argument is based on false premises or hypocritical. they just wanna say your opinion is unamerican and then repeat that over and over again until enough people start to believe it.
chances are he didn't bother reading it to begin with so watching fox and friends was the first occasion he heard anything about the content of the letter.
i dont hold anything against anyone for getting out of going to vietnam. carter offered pardons to draft evaders and rightly so. the war was based on a lie and a military draft is a violation of your right to life.
&gt;Well I don't know why Democrats don't. because the democratic elite favors "moderates" who can "reach across the isle" and keep getting played because modern republicans are about as interested in compromise as ayatollah khomeini was with carter. their donors want it that way so corporate taxes stay low and they can keep laughing all the way to the bank while we bicker about things like abortion, the drug war, and gay rights, issues that might have a huge effect on the plebs, but are completely irrelevant to the billionaire class because they're gonna have all the abortions, sex, and drugs they want regardless of whether it's legal or not.
my school just wrote my parents a letter that basically amounted to "hey ur prolly gonna be ded soon, i can haz sum estate pl0x?"
This is our vote on the [*Ermächtigungsgesetz*](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Enabling_Act_of_1933) and Schiff may be no more successful than [Otto Wels](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Otto_Wels).
guess you havent heard about it but [the second congo war](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Second_Congo_War) was pretty bad. and, not nearly as many casualties, but the liberian civil war was very brutal, the rwanda genocide, the genocide in darfur... racism is a problem in america, no doubt, but boiling it down to "white man bad, black man good" is idiotic and self destructive. it's almost as if you wanna make matters worse.
"I'm not saying *x*, I'm just saying *(x/1)1^1*." ok buddy. keep trying to alienate people who are on your side.
let me guess... "straight down the hall and grab her by the pussy"?
this is an obvious fake to encourage violence against BLM
bunker boy always reminds me of [this](https://youtu.be/grQf9OOphFs) donnie hiding in the Führerbunker with ivanka and some quaaludes while the allies are closing in. no blondie though. i guess if he needed someone to test the cyanide on he'd probably pick eric.
milk supposedly is good for rinsing tear gas out of your eyes.
unfortunately they dont allow pics of twitler
because he does neato stuff like shoot sports cars into space and flame throwers!
glaube es junge. seine freisprechung im impeachment trial war quasi sein ermächtigungsgesetz, diese agent provocateure schenken ihm sein reichtagsbrand und ,,antifa" ist jetzt das schimpfwort für alle seiner politischen gegner.
na ich hoffe einfach, dass er die wahl verliert und ein paar soldaten, die ihren eid ernst genommen haben, zerren seinen fettleib heulend aus dem weißen haus nachdem er verweigert sein amt abzugeben. das wär die perfekte schlussszene für den fernseh-präsidenten.
it boggles the mind how any christian could stomach voting for a blaspheming thrice married serial adulterer gluttonous profligate megalomaniac thief and liar who has openly stated he doesnt believe in salvation through christ and just uses christianity as a prop.
our allies in italy in ww2 were literally antifascists.
anybody who votes, campaigns, or protests against trump is an antifascist and that's exactly who he means to demonize.
i always thought antifa were the people who went to counter neonazi demonstrations by playing stupid songs on the sousaphone and maybe chucking a couple rocks at the neonazis. but yeah, like you said, that's not really an organization, more like doing your civic duty.
"Democrat" Andrew Cuomo lmao
it's clearer when you read the article
anybody wanna place a bet on whether he'll be the first one detained for being an "antifa terrorist"?
stirrupdoot
/r/rimjob_steve
the cops *hate* de blasio and he's probably afraid he'll get whacked if he tries to hold them accountable. and by whacked i mean: "oh, white guys in black hoodies and sunglasses are attacking your house? what a shame that. we'd intervene but that'd be overstepping so we'll let you handle it peacefully cause you're so good at that."
this is a misleading republican platitude meant to discredit democrats. the US is both a republic *and* a democracy, regardless of how hard the republican party tries to sabotage both.
swing state florida is
it's always somebody whose position mattered *formerly*
that, and when the word "chocolate" is used in reference to black people, my mind immediately goes to "sexual chocolate mark henry" which kinda detracts from the seriousness of the song.
that's not what democracy means
unfortunately, the white people who are less likely to be racist are young and leaving the island cause they cant afford 2 grand a month for a studio apartment.
Das heißt *der* Kartoffelsalat, du Angelsachsenschwein!
have you actually watched any cnn coverage? they showed plenty of destruction, interviewed business owners in front of their vandalized buildings, played 10 second clips of looters on loop hours after the fact, showed people washing away graffiti and sweeping up garbage the next morning, etc.
it's the typical corny fb video where they take some mundane thing (that's either staged or just kinda odd when you think about it) and then put in corny music, corny captions, and a corny title with corny emojis and it gets shared all over the place. it's nice they give the guys water on hot days, but it's also a bit weird to let the garbageman pick your kid up while he's still in his work clothes and it's a bit weird to make corny videos of your kids like this just for 5 minutes of internet fame. edit: y'all are downvoting me but this video's got [all the hallmarks](https://youtu.be/Jrl9LQesl7U)
1. It's pronounced the same as Keiler, the German word for a male wild boar. 2. It sounds like a portmanteau of Kyle and Tyler, two names on George Carlin's list of soft names.
This is officially a shit post.
who said anything about hate? george carlin lives on in my heart people laughed at the joke because they agreed
&gt;just like randomly being mean for pretty much no reason this pretty much sums up his comedy style
it wasnt overnight. the GOP has been whittling things down since nixon.
i suspect they're the same guys who showed up in ukraine and totally weren't russian.
alright there, girl
the sons of liberty had better marketing
if you talk to conservatives, they're clinging to the dayton ohio shooter who showed support for antifa on social media. what they wont tell you is that that same guy had been telling his gf he'd been hearing voices and was worried he might be suffering from schizophrenia. the other solid example in their minds is the professor who hit trump supporters in the head with a bikelock in berkeley during a clash between a right wing demostration and counter demonstrators. however [even fox concedes that only one of the three people he hit sought medical treatment and it was for a dime sized bruise](https://www.foxnews.com/us/ex-professor-accused-of-hitting-trump-supporters-with-bike-lock-at-free-speech-rally-in-berkeley-gets-probation).
same. the formula appears to be: weiße haut + halbwegs richtige aussprache = volksdeutscher edit: and a corollary formula: dunkle haut + perfektes deutsch = ja, aber wo kommst du *wirklich* her? (anders gesagt *warum bist du eigentlich schwarz?*)
die evangelische kirche?
vigilante/mob justice? that's a shitty motto to live by.
pro tip: say *onto* long island if you want the locals to accept you as one of their own.
/r/iamverybadass this isnt about you? this guy sounds like a gigantic piece of shit but doxxing somebody means theyre gonna get death threats meaning everyone they live with is gonna be terrorized and potentially in danger. this kind of shit discredits the peaceful protestors as much as any looters.
bcuz qt3.14 grill remind ronery. aghhh a rittle ronery. *poor rittle me...*
lol no you just get greeted by the fuckin TSA and get fingerprinted like a criminal.
40? 1968 was 52 years ago.
to me it sounds like "northern city"
im just imagining dumping a fat sack of marbles down that judging from the flora i dont think ice is much of an issue there
oh yeah? a/s/l? i got some cool pokemon cards in my truck.
same move a cop recently used on a protester and broke her collar bone. except he threw her down onto pavement.
Is it still gay if a lady puts it in your butt? Asking for a friend.
no no no, not me. definitely not me. my *friend*.
yeah like in buffalo where the 2 guys shoved a 75 year old man to the ground giving him a concussion and just kept walking while blood was pooling under his head, then *every other officer in their unit* resigned in protest because those two were disciplined. 99% my ass. maybe half are decent but then don't do shit cause they know about frank serpico and what'll happen to you if you open your mouth. a few bad apples spoil the bunch.
oh yeah? a/s/l? i got a giant slinky in my truck.
or they're foreign agents Ö
better yet, little neck bay.
He was born into a rich, new money family and was one of the few of his kind who instead of blowing all of his inheritance on coke and hookers actually managed to invest some of it, and when you have that much money to throw at investments, eventualy something will stick.
[insert bizarre truth being analyzed]...[insert comedic comparison to pop/internet culture]...[cue laughter]...*but the point is!* his shows are really informative, but his delivery is mind numbingly formulaic.
fathers who never loved them?
¡Se llama *Parque Güell,* puerco anglosajón!
Don't kneel on me.
skyrim too. and zelda botw.
unless your district has Jr. High instead of Middle School, in which case High School starts with 10th grade.
is that the guy who said "I don't want to abolish the government, I just wanna shrink it down to a size that it can be drown in the bath tub"?
*who~~m~~ever*
no doubt there are kids who end up OK despite bad parents but i think that's more an exception than the rule.
[this](https://images.dailykos.com/images/299172/story_image/Gotcha.png?1473798350) is you right now
it's not a glamorous job, but someone's gotta do it
you joke but i get *very* intimate with my barber. mmm yes rub my back with that funky vibrator machine after my sensual grooming. feels like a cigarette after making love.
welcome to sTrOnG iSlAnD
y'all are acting like insecure flids
haha no fuck you it was my favorite part first!
with a mask on no less
[danke mickie krause](https://youtu.be/D6z9Ay3kMmQ)?
ich geb alles mal den guten alten kollegenversuch
that's exactly the thought i had when trump tweeted "MAGA night at the white house?" - he wants MAGA nuts to show up with guns so he can witness the filthy plebs slaughter eachother at this doorstep just for his benefit and entertainment.
&gt;students rioting because they don't want some ecelebrity troll to talk at *their* university = the media silencing conservatives. k.
antifascism originates in italy, just like facism, and you're off by two decades. the original antifascists were our allies against mussolini.
maybe the could replace columbus with say, marconi?
columbus day is to italian americans what st paddys day is to irish americans. would be mean to take their holiday away. instead we could rename it to frank sinatra day, or even better, frank serpico day.
ahh wtf really? ive been freeball running for over 3 years and havent had an issue yet. arent we kinda engineered to run? how did humans survive the past 200,000 years if our nuts get twisted and die just from running?
&gt;Fort Puller (how the fuck do we, the Marines, not have a base named after Chesty) to avoid the tugjob jokes?
he's doing them in numeric order. mick is next.
I feel like the word cumbersome is cumbersome.
damn you industrialists!
fun fact: most women are perfectly happy with an average sized penis. more often it's men who prefer a huge penis.
Gerry Mander
&gt;Retards apropos Diskriminierung...
hugo boss made it work for göring.
Alternate translation: Shitty Season (of a TV series)
[Schwachkopf](https://www.twitterperlen.de/wp-content/uploads/2017/01/schwachkopf_trump-660x377.jpg)
sounds like an alternate name for the FOP
i think it's a bad slogan because it's misleading. "defund planned parenthood" means they want to get rid of it completely and not replace it with anything. "defund npr" means they want to get rid of it completely. when i heard the nuanced explanation of what "defund the police" was actually supposed to mean, that it's about reallocating some of the police budget towards social programs, i agree with that. but what the slogan implies, i.e. completely getting rid of police, that i dont agree with.
awesome drawing, great choice of lyrics. eine sache nur - im Englischen macht man Anführungszeichen nämlich "so".
with the amount of leading questions in your reply, i find it hard to believe you're arguing in good faith. the interpretation of "defund" isnt conservative. if you defund something, i.e. take its funding away, it ceases to function. if people are mislead by a misleading slogan, that doesn't automatically make them conservatives arguing in bad faith.
john goodman in a frog suit
i already learned german thanks to rammstein. might finally pay off if it helps me convince them to accept me into the fold.
Misleading me over and over and over.
This opinion is false.
a couple more in case you havent heard: * Bowie's Ashes to Ashes covered by A Perfect Cricle * John Lennon's Imagine covered by APC
in Germany they're called the Ordnungsamt, which in English is Code Enforcement.
&gt;I’ve actually been yelled at for not bringing it up - both by the other cops and my family. in democratic countries, telling a cop who pulls you over that your dad or whoever is a cop will end up with you getting treated worse, not better. police culture in the US is rotten to the core.
white people are well aware of police brutality, friend. i wouldnt be surprised if that 75 year old guy from buffalo personally witnessed some of the violence the anti vietnam war movement was met with.
yes, but southerners dont mind pedophiles as long as they're not the morally bankrupt gay kind. that's just taking things too far.
is there a bot for non amp links?
that's why school lunches consist of freezer pizzas, fries, and chocolate milk.
no one is falling for this
ist ebenfalls auf /r/de die standard antwort auf jede kritik an deutschland
no, bless *you are* heart
not my idea though. im almost certain there is one, just cant remember the username.
i liken mitch mcconnell and bill barr to that german wings pilot who crashed a plane full of people into the side of a mountain - they're clinically depressed, bitter people who want to take as many people down with them as they can before they die.
sid and jumping off of high places in the early 2000s.
not just NY. garbage people are everywhere.
ugh well this was a depressing read. good on you for trying though.
&gt;Ja, sehr gerne mit extra Sahne. - also Hermann Göring, probably
unless to be agent provocateurs
looks dwemer to me
"will you spend the rest of your life with me just so i can point to you when male prostitutes tell people im gay?"
I no leave America; I *return* to old country.
article says they've been successful before
keeping my fingers crossed for suffolk county.
call it whatever you want but ackchyually it's called soccer in every anglophone country except the UK.
just so Gillibrand could get him out of the way of her very successful presidential bid.
zef
it seems plausible when you consider people with a napoleon complex.
*I wanna burn your soul!*
what is up my that
yes, he's saved countless african americans from mesothelioma by keeping them from renting his asbestos riddled properties. such a thoughtful man.
you're getting downvoted because reddit is generally opposed to fb and ig for a lot of different reasons and people are probably annoyed that you're making the assumptiom that the only reason somebody wouldnt have fb is because they're a cheater. there's a difference between being cautious and being jaded but you're conflating the two.
it can also be awkward when you're in yerp where grinding isn't a thing and your buddy doesn't get why girls don't respond well when they agree to dance and he goes straight to dry humping them.
bro , why would you do this , though ?
that's a paywall
&gt;Mag aber auch daran gelegen haben, dass es Geschichte-LK war. komischer winkelschleifer, aber in ordnung
na ja in den 20er und 30er gabs schon NS demos in amerika. henry ford und charles lindbergh waren große fans von hitler. wobei ich vermute mit der konföderation in den 1860er hatten die damaligen deutschen staaten eher wenig zu tun.
it's the Con Way^^TM
it's good you recognize it's irrational lol. some people are just focused and dont realize, some might be super shy, some might have social anxiety, some might be urbanites who aren't accustomed to waving at strangers, etc. no reason to get upset.
i dont necessarily look like a runner either but the one time i got a "woohoo you can do it," it made me feel good. im not even sure if it was meant seriously, but i still appreciated it nonetheless.
100% this. homebrew the plumbing and electrical, euthanize the cat, and OP will be golden.
the assumption that he thought it was normal is what comes off as dickish.
well when you had a great great grand pappy who lost his arm in the war fighting for the losing side and ended up poor because the confederate money he was paid in was useless, and then became an alcoholic and took his frustration out on your great grand pappy who took it out your grand pappy who took it out on your pappy who took it out on you, you end up as one of the modern day mUh HeRiTaGe people.
lol whoever gave you gold deserves gold
[since antiquity](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Maggot_therapy), apparently
8706edgy21345me
there are people in other countries who refuse to wear masks, but they don't belong to any particular mainstream political persuasion. they're either ringtwing conspiracy theorists, leftwing conspiracy theorists, or just plain selfish and can't be bothered.
eniewann meking it eh politikell ischu iß en absalut mohran
nor will anybody heckle you for wearing one
and they're not even being caged and separated from their parents!
/r/uselessnobody
my whole family anal so clean. we 21 century people.
it isnt *only* a black problem, but it hurts black people disproportionately. but yes, police reform will lift all boats. and, these protests aren't just about police brutality against black people. ahmaud arbery and trayvon martin weren't killed by cops.
unless you're matt gaetz, in which case they go hand in hand.
my teacher said when i wear an n95 over my beard it reminds him of a 1970s issue playboy
just wear a bandana like a highwayman from the 1800s.
and if you live abroad: votefromabroad.org
reverse rachel dolezal style
that much should be kristall clear
suburbia?
vicariously i live while the whole world dies
your eyes are glazed officer, have you been *eating donuts!?*
dont forget about the gigantic glaring fucking exception to the thirteenth amendment now
i just could never get past the 3 second cuts. editing must be a fucking nightmare.
bec?
ah fuck me; bacon, egg, and cheese. alright i hereby relinquish my empire pass.
idk at least i didnt necro a week old thread tho
a lot of sheriffs run unopposed and couldnt give two shits.
dude you need to stop abusing "they're" like right now
&gt;a racist barbecue im no fan of racists, but i also dont approve of cannibalism. gosh i wish their were more moderates like me.
"it's a cross from spain"
"love is being nailed to a cross" whatever you say father. maybe it's a good thing you can't get married.
supposedly the slogan first showed up on twitter back in 2015 from an account that now tweets about qanon.
im all about punctuational minimalism, but only to a point that the message is still clear.
we do and we dont. seatbelts, yes; spoiling an election, god no.
/r/thejokebutworse
thats also because it's easier to detect.
could be student housing
white supremacists who hate europeans. it's all about contradictions with fascists.
this only opens up more questions: at what point in the manufacturing process of a flag, does the flag actually become a flag? what if you don't put on enough stars and stripes? what if you have enough stripes sewn together but havent attached the blue field of stars yet but then decide to use those stripes for flag themed items rather than an actual flag as you orginally intended? what if you use the same rolls of fabric to make flag themed items as you do actual flags? what if you swear on an upside down chinese braille bible with half the pages torn out?
egal wie dicht du bist, goethe war dichter.
You'll never pump your own gas again!
hitler became chancellor on january 30, 1933. he became führer on march 23, 1933. trump became president on january 20, 2017. he was acquitted on february 5, 2020. hitler's got him beat by nearly 3 years.
sounds like HOA type people going out of their way to nitpick their neighbors. good thing he was acquitted.
"in my halls" for me. wtf does that even mean? your dorm?
sadly, fucker has ~83,000 votes in the republican primary so far with only 54% of precincts reporting, whereas mcgrath, booker, and broihier have a combined total of ~66,000 votes with almost 80% of districts reporting. apparently fucker doesn't even have to try.
i thought /r/pics is for pictures of text
this is true across the board in my opinion
small hands need small trumpet
wtf is going on in this comment section? a single post with a trump building and its REEEE FUCK THE MODS IM LEAVING.
i thought the first couple episodes were good but then the story took random turns and things didnt really add up. was mediocre IMO. seemed like they just hyped baby yoda to sell disney+ subs.
between *them* (not they), ergo between *him* and harrison.
you can always donate
a lot of the posts on here are of skyscrapers emitting an eery glow into the surrounding fog. this picture totally fits this sub, people are just butthurt about the title.
i hate jay because he's younger than me and that makes me feel old. jk hes cool. glad they found somebody who grew up a fan.
&gt;As a result, I end up needing to drive a bit more aggressively than I’m otherwise comfortable with. this is where you lost me. when other drivers are being assholes, that's not a justification to be an asshole too. any defensive driving instructor will tell you that. if theyre not letting you in, you merge behind them.
a dragstrip isnt gonna help. people who drive like entitled assholes arent gonna stop because they have the option to drive halfway across the island and pay money to use a dragstrip when they can just do it for free anywhere they want on public roads.
*nach* München
nein mama, das war doch ein fallout roleplay!
yup, same as any internship. it's much easier to hire someone you know like a former intern than sort through a pile of applications from strangers.
i learned all my moves from sid and jim in disasterpieces.
he's still senator. we still have aoc. bernie not getting the nomination was a setback, but we need to keep pushing, just like he always does.
at least hitler believed in like germany or whatever
