&gt;move on, like a voting age adult for Christ’s sake. Solid advice for a lot of people.
I'd imagine it wouldn't be beyond a good Mek to cut out the dead humie from the middle and figure out how to strap an Ork in there.
Also the fact that whenever any of them escalate into literal thuggery, they're just snapped off as "an independent chapter" who is "not endorsed or supported", and then they just kinda drop off, presumably just switching bandanas or something and naming themselves after a different room on campus and carrying on as part of the mob again.
wccftech have been behind fake rumours and bullshit articles for years, I knew that when I was posting on pcmr before this sub started.
I'm a skeptic of the whole quantum/consciousness theory mill here, but no, what you posted is barely even glitch in the matrix tier. MEs are where at least a group of people recall something one way, when it turns out to have been another way. An isolated incident happening to one person, not even a recollection mismatch, but a dream, doesn't count.
Shift your eyes over to the sidebar and read rule 2. Then apologize. In case you lack the ability to do even that, let me copy rule 2 into here: &gt;2 . No personal experiences, and stories about changes affecting only you personally. A Mandela Effect, by definition, must affect a large group of people. If it can potentially apply to a lot of people, it goes in the DAE Mega-Thread, otherwise these belong in /r/Glitch_in_the_Matrix.
Nah, uplay was a fucking shitshow for 2 straight years. No amount of "I am above this circlejerk" will change that.
Nay. At the time, the forces were "his majesty's". Their halls would have had a picture of the king to salute to. When doing PT, their last push ups would have been for king and country. It's always dedicated to the reigning monarch. You're asspulling the rest of that.
It's California. Thats where Sony moved the office responsible for this stuff to. Thats where it's all coming from.
No, but like uplay there were people who hated steam back when it launched. I know. People who just wanted to install the new CS suddenly had to deal with this. That's why there are still a few people to this day who still don't like steam. Problem is by the time uplay had rolled around, steam had fixed most of the same issues, and become usable.
At this point I just like seeing the number next to "games" get higher.
try putting heat fins on, like are shown in the video at about 2:20
"paper clip maximiser" is I think the classic example for this problem, if anyone wants to look into this more.
If anyone is willing to declare their future actions "the right side of history", they're dangerous and/or unhinged.
Rule 3 says you gotta give a written summary of the video content itself, not just context.
Most of them are usually even on a scheduled release so they publish on YouTube within 5 minutes of their award show slot.
How the fuck do you start your own platform as an alternative? The clique are getting payment processors to stop working with up and coming competition.
Yeah. thats a branded chair in a partnership deal with the people who made the chairs. They can legally make and sell these chairs. Souljia Boy is just drop-shipping emulator consoles from AliExpress dealers. The handheld is called an RS-97. The real problem is how they have no license for the games on the console, its exactly as legal as selling a flash-drive full of pirated games. We can argue all day and night about whether someone should be punishable for downloading game roms, but i'll tell you here and now that SELLING those roms without a license is illegal, and perfectly justifiable grounds for being shut down. and i ***strongly*** doubt he has licenses from the hundreds of different game publishers, and thousands of franchise and music rights-holders, to start selling these.
Their Japanese offices did. The arbitration process has been signed over to the Californian office which did not.
The actual casting call that went out was looking for a "bame" actor. They didn't follow through with it, but that posting was genuine.
it's you trying to bring that guy up as a "guilt by association" for pewdiepie. thats the issue thats the weird fucking chain of association you're making here.
so aside from &gt;"he should vet who he gives shout outs a bit more" which he already addressed in the video linked here and on the sub you all came here from, what point are you trying to make?
And destiny, who's sub you're all brigading from, is definitely a model citizen and not involved in anything wrong, is he? Steve's been racist before, he's got some wonderful takes on domestic violence... oh and there's that one time he was leaking nudes of an underage fangirl. and then got pissed when the girl got angry back. and destiny fans were calling the underage girl a slut. That actually happened, btw. But yeah you keep on calling out a guy for not vetting a channel shoutout, and then admitting to and removing it after he found it out.
So take the next fucking step, genius. Demonstrate an example of this sub brigading elsewhere, as you accuse.
So many times we get people rolling by here accusing us of doing everything they do to us, projecting all this crap on this sub. Then if you ask for any example of their claims, they either go into a fucking tantrum or just abort mission and find another thread. Time and time, again and again, over and over and over, always this way.
What the fuck is this? Some kinda veiled threat insurance policy? "Buy our games and season passes, sing our praise, or we'll leak your personal details into the public!" Or could this possibly be some kind of bad actors thing? Like someone(s) who wants to get back at the "entitled gamers" by leaking all their support tickets? Some kinda mass doxxing?
Been poking around a certain one of those subs, and yeah wow, most these aren't even fucking NP links, they're just straight linking comments.
Yeah i know. Just saying their usual excuse like that one person further down in this thread of "they're just NP links" is both not a valid excuse AND a lie.
Go ahead and show us where people have linked or directed others to go to your comment? That's what brigading and vote manip is.
&gt;Using multiple accounts, voting services, or any other software to increase or decrease vote scores. Please provide evidence of people using alts or bots to dv you &gt;Asking people to vote up or down certain posts, either on Reddit itself or through social networks, messaging, etc. for personal gain. Please show anyone asking people to downvote you &gt;Forming or joining a group that votes together, either on a specific post, a user's posts, posts from a domain, etc. Please provide evidence of a group conspiring to downvote you. Alternatively, provide none of these, and admit that you're lying.
You said something, people disagreed with it, the "downvote is not a dislike button" is not a bannable offence AND it is not vote manipulation. For you to accuse the sub of vote manipulation for this is dishonest.
Because a large amount of people care about youtube as a platform. Rewind is directly reflective of its management. To see it's management so wildly out of tune with its own userbase is disappointing. [](#s "And announcing yourself to be "above this peasantry" doesn't make you cool")
What sub sent you here? also it being the number 1 most disliked video on youtube does mean something. Eleven million is not a small number.
It's a struggle session. Laci left the cult, and they want to make her suffer for doing so, to scare anyone else into staying loyal. They're trying to find ways to call you a heretic.
They realised a few months ago with a certain... Uhh... *Supplement salesman*... that coordinated unpersoning is something the public supports. It wouldn't surprise me to find out there's a "SocialMediaPros" mailing list or chatroom coordinating this stuff
Imagine being such a fuck that you are angry someone doesn't ragequit games upon seeing someone's avatar. I can't remember the last time I even acknowledged another players avatar behind basic colour recognition. Reminder that none of these people actually play games, and this one probably thinks there's some kind of application and design process involved in matchmaking.
&gt;it's like they all learned to speak from the same textbook I mean, yeah? Courteous letter writing was part of the curriculum at schools when I went there, at least here in the UK.
Born too late to explore the world. Born too early to explore the stars. Born just in time to get fucking shot by an Amazon-Google-Disney delivery drone after they become skynet, but managed to lock up John Connor for wrong think instead of fucking around with time machines.
Never had to be taught the whole homerow thing, my left hand defaults to over WASD. I didn't have a mobile phone until 2007, and I never used MSN, i was playing unreal tournament from 6 years old, where you needed to learn to shit talk people fast enough to not die when they found you again, so by age 9 I could call someone a noob with my eyes closed. If only I spent that time getting good at the game instead...
You'd think it'd make sense to have that took already in Windows with a button inside the windows update settings center, but that would be too user friendly, and Microsoft doesn't really like that.
It's like making a deal with the mob, because it sounded like a good idea at the time, but then they spend the next 10 years paying them everything to avoid getting their legs broken. It's just that this mob is only in it for the leg breaking.
Case in point is The Daily Show, which went from being a kinda mixed bag of topics to every single episode being Noah doing trump impressions.
So the idea laundering comes full circle, where currently existing conclusions are now being removed from validity just to make room for more contrived conclusions which actually fit the story they spin.
I'd love reivers leg armour if they didn't have the ankle gaps. I can't help but see them as wearing ¾ length trousers.
I love how people say this, then are perfectly fine with buying a used game as if the company sees a penny of that.
But what about buying a pre-owned game that came out recently? I'm not arguing against second-hand market, I'm just trying to figure out how you aren't.
This is why people should avoid "developer owned" subreddits like the fucking plague. Issue is devs and publishers seem to have figured this out, and sneakily squat subreddits before announcing game titles.
They go to university with dreams of being the next generation's big globally renowned journalist, writing culture pieces that move the world. Usually at this time they're indoctrinated into the SJ cult, neither sociable or justifiable. Then they lose the lottery draw against the thousands of others doing the same thing, and they spend a while stewing while doing holdover nothing-job that doesn't fit their studies at all, or do nothing for 5 years living off their parents. They never grow out of their fairytale ideologies because of this. During this time they try to run their dream through social media, writing that they think is intellectual work in 140 characters or less (or is it 280 now?🤔) On basically anything that's trending. Eventually maybe one in a hundred of these people will actually be seen by someone big and gets retweeted, giving them some actual followers. After a while they somehow get hired by some rag, either through luck or through fanatically becoming friends or more with someone who works there. Only to their dismay, they're hired to write about video games, for those fucking nerds they used to bully in school, (only since then liking nerd stuff stopped being uncool so they need to find new names to call the same people). Their own ego, mixed with a "the world owes me" attitude, leads them to blame the industry they fell into for their current inability to reach the one they want, and since they already hated the majority of the audience, their feelings for both deepen. But maybe someday they can use this as a portfolio to get there... So they keep trying to write their culture pieces, now tilted by hate for their subject matter, it's audience, and their prior ideologies, and write the shitty articles we complain about.
Even easier to say it's collusion when it's been caught out and proven again and again.
It's a case of he ~~realises~~ realise**d** the importance and value of keeping personal political opinions well away from the service, which should be a virtue whichever way you lean. *Edited a word*
[Idea laundering really is an amazing term to describe this stuff. ](https://youtu.be/NelsKQQDTxU)
Raising a 10 year old as a stripper by making them dance at strip clubs at 10 isn't raising them at all
Reply to the fucking comment itself. Why is it okay to call for genocide, but only in the direction one side personally agrees with?
Have you legitimately never seen one of the many instances of "kill all men" "kill all white people" "sterilise white men" being posted?
The same side trying to pin pdp and fans as racists for these out of context jokes is okay with completely unambiguous statements about genocide against "the right targets". NY Times hired a journalist with a prolific history of doing exactly this, to much defense from the left. Address that support of clear defined calls for it, before coming and trying to twist other peoples words to fit loose accusations of the same it.
Anyone with half a brain can see that there's a lot of parties interested in making Brexit look like an un-salvageable mess, even more so than it is. This includes a large amount of the UKs own politicians, and many/most of the EU's represenatives. If it goes through and by 2025 the UK is better off for it, other nations will be looking to leave. If we go badly, their membership will be cemented for another 40 years, along with an increased loyalty to some of the more controversial laws. &gt;"Wouldn't want to end up in the UK's shoes now, would we, [insert nation here]? Take your new orders now, eat up!"
at one point there, you got over ten thousand g's of acceleration.
The point is to show how irrelevant it is. Either this accuser drops their complaint because it's irrelevant, or they get stuck by their own standard. Or they take option 3 and double down that it's okay for them. Sorry that gamerghazi is so dead that you have to come here to get your fix.
The thing I will I repeat over and over is their hypocrisy, not their "racism"
I'm telling someone to look in the mirror with the same lenses they view others. Not going up to random people I dislike and digging up dirt. I don't need to live in a glass house to see it's stupid for other people to throw stones inside their glass houses. Unless you can find where PewDiePie has been digging up dirty old posts from other people, unbidden, you literally have zero basis for a point here.
More than you, considering I can stick to one argument and not switch back and forth. The journalist is a hypocrite. I am not calling them out for using the word. I'm calling them out for hypocrisy. This is not a difficult concept. Either you are too fucking basic to understand it, or you are deliberately bring obtuse and only here to cause arguments. Come back with your main, not a throwaway, if we want to start talking about self awareness.
Not yet
didn't the post we both just read say they were even sending like event technicians and managers to a "man pen" during the event?
I remember some crap on Reddit, I think on justrolledintotheshop, where people were being mass reported because of a discussion that mentioned transmission fluid, which had been shortened in the posts.
We didn't want to see the bed made at all, yes. But Linehan helped to make it, and now is being laid in it by his own peers. Demonstrating this process and turnaround is how we can beat it.
My favourite part was a month or two ago, I kept getting emails about failed logins on my epic account, but whoever was doing it was trying it so regularly that I simply couldn't reset the password, it was locked *all day*, there was maybe a 10 minute window at the end of the lock, then I got another email and it was locked. I changed the password finally, after managing to log in for once, and then later that day I started getting password reset links sent to my email, they'd started clicking the "can't log in" buttons.
By not removing it, patreon is going so far as to support and endorse it, since we all know that's what giving a platform means these days.
Tis your duty as a citizen of the US to tips.fbi.gov service then, no?
I've pretty much given up with journalists and review sites, I find my news from YouTubers mostly now.
which issues was this delivered with? My most recent delivery was the one with the aggressors, biologus and the mech gray paint, and it didn't have this slip.
They actually tried starting it out in Spain, I'm told, but they postponed the magazine in November, after issue 4 was released. So they are getting it around, instead of keeping it local.
I get mine on the 11th/12th of every month. The only thing I can think of is they send them out in batches every day/couple of days, and they have some register that isn't first come first serve. Maybe regional? I'm in London.
The issues and contents are actually shown on their website. https://hachettepartworks.com/warhammer-40000-conquest?page=2 The current issue #16 (out of stock online, but your local WHSmith might have it) is 2 Hellblasters, 2 intercessors and an inceptor (from what I can tell there will be a 2nd issue with the same contents, and then one more with a Sergeant for each, to make 2 squads of 5 and one of 3, respectively). Issue #17 is *another* munitorum container (the 2nd of 3), #18 is "new play mat", and #19 is ***blightlord terminators***. I think this will be one of two sprues of that kit, I can't imagine the giving both of them, since that is a £35 kit in an £8 magazine.
Until reading these comments I still thought it was.
Oh, okay, that makes a lot more sense yeah, they mention Felthius on the magazine. I don't know the Death Guard options much, I split the sub so my dad buys the chaos stuff off me, while I'm building up my Crimson Fists with the primaris stuff. So they'll probably all be in one issue, since it has a parity with the ETB Aggressors.
It finally fucking happened. People finally actually fucking *listened* to "wait till the game comes out before paying for it". Before FO4 and BF1, The amount of people who said "oh but it's Bethesda" or "but it's battlefield" and "I liked the previous ones, so I'll buy this one early for the preorder bonus" used to drive me insane. People who would not listen to reason or sense, bought the game (in full) 6 months early, and then bitched about it 2 weeks after launch when it was clear there wasn't some post-launch patch that would magically fix everything. I wish I could send this to every single person who ever said &gt;"if I don't buy this, everyone else will anyway, the wider audience doesn't use [whatever forum we're using] and so I will make no difference" The wider audience *did* hold off on buying them so much, and were suddenly seeing panic from the companies who seemed to be banking on it themselves, they might have to actually *fix* a product from once, because people aren't praising technical issues.
Give em a moment, they gotta go back to politics and gamerghazi to fabricate some fairytale success stories first.
Nah, EA finance reports a few months back was mentioning concerns over the preorder rates.
you answered elsewhere like 3 hours after my comment.
it's more likely just a messed up interaction between the game engine dealing with momentum and the rim of the cup not having proper friction set up.
Is this why they made a whole big deal out of linking your prime account for crates? Thats sneaky as fuck.
He hasn't really done shrieking shit since about 2014. He's even commented on the overreacting he used to do when he was looking back on one of his old gaming videos.
Nope, it began as a gamergate sub, about a week before the actual GG name was coined. It was never focused specifically on kotaku.
Same as Amazon, the 2 and 3 star reviews are often far more useful than 5 star reviews,, even on an object I choose to buy anyway. And don't get me started on app store reviews.
Big mega hint: do not use lockers. Never ever ever hide in a locker. Maybe there's a mod to fix it on PC, but they're deathtraps in the game as default. To keep it "exciting" the alien is programmed to walk past and around the locker way more than it would ever usually pace around the same section. I finished the game in nightmare without ever entering a locker. Vents and under tables are MVP.
You have options. 1 is make some noise. You should have various things in your inventory that you can throw to distract it. Even flares work. 2 if you somehow don't have anything to make noise, improvise by knocking something off a table, or walking into a chair. Duck under a table you can exit from both sides on, and duck around it. Or find one of those control panels and mess with vents and speaker systems. 3 mess with the aliens pathing. Listen for that vent sound, you can move a lot when it climbs into a vent. You can force it to enter vents or get stuck and have to go around by messing with door locks (a lot of doors in that area have a button next to them that resets the door, locking it for 10 seconds or so)
their laptops graphics units can be configured for freesync, iirc, since many laptop manufacturers would rather use freesync than have to include the gsync hardware components in the laptop.
&gt;can't be a bad tactic if you retroactively turn your enemy into a good target *RollSafe.jpg*
From what I can tell, those channels just ordered the same consoles off of eBay/AliExpress for a quarter of the price.
Did it even have the sticker? People keep saying this but the photos shown were the same unbranded console.
You also described a pi, or just one of the exact same consoles he was selling, but from eBay for like £40 or some shit.
Which is more interesting, since the 2 vids I saw had ones with no sticker, yet people are still shitting on them for "supporting his scam"
I'm fully aware of what happened. I'm criticizing people acting like the YouTubers who covered this are paying him for the product when they didn't pay sb anything.
"hey we got a new big sale on, we're paying out of our pocket from the discount, wont this get expensive?" "nah fuck it just ban anyone who tries to buy more than like 3 games"
I wanna see them put Gears of war 1, or even 1 2 and 3, on steam. it'd be like dragging it around behind a horse at the Colosseum for a victory lap while Epic watches.
At this point they could do whatever the fuck they want to the game, as long as they don't offer them on epic. they've lost the good will, they've lost the benefit of the doubt over them having "potential", and i actively want them gone from the store front situation on PC.
Gears 1/ultimate, Gears 4 and soon to be Gears 5 on PC. 2, 3 and Judgement havent been released on PC.
This isn't detracting from halo infinites development team, they've got the community managers and a couple of leads working alongside 2 external studios for this, while the meat of 343i is working on infinite and the slipspace engine.
What's really the usefulness of having 2 full length mag-fed flywheels? Wouldn't you just be better served only carrying one of these with more magazines, and having something else than handles and/or feeds differently?
I'd imagine most of this would depend on your own preference for the desolators built in stock and no barrel attachment, or being able to put what you like all over a stryfe. Also the stryfe seems to have a much better availability of upgrade parts.
You can use ANY controller on PC. Xbox one, PS4, switch, GameCube, NES, whatever. And a HDMI TV works just the same on a PC as it does on a console (can work better, even)
Chief was standing on a big energy field bridge, which it seems she was able to force into some kind of shield around him.
There's no preorder, or even a release date yet, only "when it's ready". what you *can* do is go to haloinsider.com and sign up for the insider testing, which is due to begin this month.
this wasn't even funny when you posted it 2 months ago, but thanks for adding the satire tag this time instead of pretending it was some kind of leak.
Prop the laptop up to get airflow underneath it.
The key little bit there is &gt;***If*** you have a non-disclosure agreement (“NDA”) with Microsoft The "If" is important. It means the rules here don't initiate the NDA, they just outline the rules if one is called for.
Not at all a fan of the stock, but the fixed foregrip on the barrel extension (as opposed to a rail foregrip) actually looks great.
What this sounds like is they already got into your account, somehow, and they're trying to steal your credit card info to take money from you too.
Use steam support to try get it back anyway, don't give the scammers an inch.
&gt;reduced My dude they've been turning tricks for publishers since the 80s.
I just really dislike the idea of large blasters that need to be reloaded every shot or two. Even the new fortnut TS with its 4 shots seems too few per load. In itself it seems fun, just the reloading-longer-than-firing aspect stings me.
Someone on here a few weeks ago posted a meme with some bootleg Rayven from a Chinese market site, looked like a full cloned mold, not just a copycat design. I want those things to be ID'd and shipped from taobao or something so people can harvest them for shells instead of destroying perfectly good Rayvens.
just ancient, nerf used to do a bunch before settling on elite darts as the norm.
In a few places, you can find dead elites, in areas controlled and fortified by brutes. I think the implication is when the brutes realised the prophets had left, they jumped the gun on the takeover and killed the elites that got left on Earth early.
I mean the actually make this now, the new accutrooper is an alphatrooper with a barrel lug on it.
I'd like to do the whole "heavy" thing but nowhere seems to actually sell those types of blaster here, rapidstrikes are still sold new, but that's the biggest you'll find except for the useless Judge and the occasional Prometheus at double the price.
Wait, is that actually happening? For real?
We do. It's just far more taxing on system resources than its deemed to be worth, for a lot of people.
I mean I never actually saw the leak before, this is the first I've heard of it.
If they can actually deliver on what they're promising, absolutely 100%. Just wait to make sure they actually *do* deliver them though.
My character can bench press a jeep, jump metres into the air, and has AI built into his armour capable of calculating ballistic trajectories on the fly What possible purpose could shouldering and ADSing an assault rifle have?
What I mean is the armour and its systems allow the user to be just as accurate from the hip as to holding the weapon to the shoulder. Lorewise it *shouldnt* actually help the Spartan to aim. And recoil shouldn't even be a factor, what with how fast Spartan reaction times are, and their strength.
So it's more that the AI's inevitably ditch their "humanity" and start replacing morality and sense with increasingly complex and incoherent logic?
definitely seconding the suggestion to replace the whole plunger mech with a direct system.
It's not a case of wanting him to go back or not, it's more valuable for them to make an example to make others scared of being un-personed
They don't need either, just make the audio cues more defined. As in the clanging of a frag grenade or the noise of a plasma grenade hitting something, make it more pronounced and recognisable.
Unless i'm very much mistaken, the best barrel length for a flywheel is the exact length of the dart extending forward from the flywheel. There is no propulsion once the dart leaves the wheels (or last set of wheels) so the barrels only purpose is to guide the dart while it's still gaining velocity, anything further than that is just reducing speed for no benefit.
I prefer the [Stryfe Bolter Kit](https://thingiverse-production-new.s3.amazonaws.com/assets/d6/c0/21/3e/9e/20171102_172647.jpg)
only need 1 for the lasgun [use a stryfe for a bolter](https://thingiverse-production-new.s3.amazonaws.com/assets/d6/c0/21/3e/9e/20171102_172647.jpg)
it fits about the right size for a scaled down bolter, and [looks a lot closer than the fortnite one because it doesn't have a goofy slant to it.](https://cdn.thingiverse.com/renders/2e/c0/92/0d/05/e611ec4f78c16ac6789eb9f479299d86_preview_featured.jpg) Then step it up with a [storm bolter](https://i.imgur.com/RuiY5cV.png)
[Here's the files for it.](https://www.thingiverse.com/thing:2377993)
Before people complain about the idea of using a gamepad to show Pc gameplay, it's fairly common for reveals, demo events and other promo demonstrations to use gamepads to give more sweeping views and something more presentable as a cinematic piece. While it looks good to certain fans and audiences, the more snappy footage from mouse aiming looks worse off when you're trying to advertise to people outside of the existing user base, compared to the smoother panning camera.
[insert overused and no longer funny joke where I pretend I can't see them just because they're painted in camouflage patterns] I really like the colour scheme though, I don't think they got a release here in the UK.
Yes, that too. It was more to respond to sentiment I saw people post on the r games thread about this saying they should demo on a mouse and keyboard to show its on PC too.
Carmageddon 1.
Dungeon Keeper 1 and 2 as well.
By the way you're describing it, it sounds like a magazine or jam door detection switch is malfunctioning.
If you bought them new, return for a new one. That's the privilege you're paying for when you buy them from a store instead of buying from eBay or goodwill.
Try to disconnect from the internet for the time of your show, once you're free afterwards watch the VOD? YouTube streams let you rewind even when it's still live, so just try to not look at announcements until you watch it?
Yes. Also if you want a real conversation about this, going "is X a deal breaker? Don't actually talk about X" is hampering it, so I'm ignoring it. You want to please everyone? Add a sprint button and let people immediately fire from the sprinting state. As in if player is holding an assault rifle and pulls the trigger, they fire the weapon with a very short delay that isn't much more than just input latency. We'll call this "time to fire", the time between the real life gamepad trigger pull and a shot being fired. Make this time exactly the same when standing still, moving, sprinting, whatever. Make firing instantly cancel the sprint too. edit: wait, you're the user who was throwing around "You aren't a halo fan" at anyone who said they thought sprint made the game worse, like a week ago.
you REALLY shouldn't be using a lipo all the way down till it physically stops working before recharging. Like that's approaching ignition territory. Looking at your history someone already told you that the battery is probably damaged and should be replaced. Lipos deteriorate very quickly very suddenly, and can ignite spontaneously, burning the blaster, your property, possibly even causing a fire in your house and burning you/others.
/u/WhoKnowsWho2 linked a really solid writeup of the basics you really should know before plugging a lipo into anything, including what you're asking here.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bhDpdGVO1hk
https://i.imgur.com/3LYG0OW.png
[A few years ago, there was a halo wargame called Halo Ground Command, based around the battles on Reach](https://i.ytimg.com/vi/6Jf0oxUJNi4/maxresdefault.jpg) It ended after not really selling well, i have no idea if the moddels are around anymore. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6Jf0oxUJNi4
As for actual 28mm scale models (as in warhammer scale) I've actually already put some thought into this, since i wanted to make a kill team of colonial marines, then realised it wasn't far off from USNC marines (especially the halo 1 designs were basically just a cross between Wayland Yutani Colonial Marines from Aliens, and whatever the forces from Starship Troopers were called). [This is the reference image for a marine i'll be using.](https://i.pinimg.com/originals/37/c5/a9/37c5a9f165fea88754df26dd356fd913.jpg) Mad Robots Miniatures have a range of parts themed around "Colonial Defence Forces" which [are sold here](https://madrobotminiatures.com/index.php?main_page=product_info&amp;cPath=9_19&amp;products_id=119). If you scroll down you can see there are choices for parts, I think halo marines fit best with the following pieces, which they sell individually so you don't need to buy the weapons which don't really do it for halo marines. [HA-11 Heavy Arms](http://i.imgur.com/0gfV9nQ.jpg) [HT-22 Torso](http://i.imgur.com/3alVvnp.jpg) [HL-05 Legs](http://madrobotminiatures.com/images/HL-05.jpg) [And HP-07 CDF shoulder pads](http://madrobotminiatures.com/images/HP-07.jpg) As for heads, Pig Iron Miniatures make a wonderful range of "not halo" helmets. the [Near Future Ballistic Helmet](http://www.pig-iron-productions.com/images/pi_product_HD21.jpg) is probably closest to our reference marine. They also make something [very close to ODST](http://www.pig-iron-productions.com/images/pi_prod_HD.17.jpg) for a one-stop-shop solution, pig iron's [Heavy Infantry](http://www.pig-iron-productions.com/heavy-infantry-c-5.html) and their [system troopers](http://www.pig-iron-productions.com/system-troopers-c-11.html) probably come closest while being a single pack you can order instead of having to go through parts catalogs like i did. Pig iron (again) is probably one of the best places to get [various helmets if you wanted to make some spartans.](https://i.imgur.com/v4llrmr.png) As for your marine's weapons? That's where I failed, I couldn't find a 28mm scale MA5 assault rifle or something.
&gt;megathread what you're asking is for the discussion to die. at least be honest about it instead of pretending megathreads are anything other than a "shut the f up" button.
I think it worked less badly in reach multiplayer because it was at the expense of other abilities, you had to pick between sprint, jetpack, active camo, or armor lock. and people were busy being angry at armor lock anyway.
It actually reinforces the criticism of sprint pretty well - people say "I like sprint to get across big maps quicker" but adding sprint meant making all the maps bigger, so you get around the map the same speed if you sacrifice your offensive abilities, or you get around slower. end result: sprint slowed the game.
If you have/have access to a 3d printer, you can print the clips, can't you?
The "chemical" there... isn't that just a Rayven?
speed booster in the same method as overshield or active camo used to be would fit absolutely fine. maybe even having it in the same way as halo 3's equipment would be fine. it just doesn't fit so well when everyone just spawns with it and it has to affect the map scales.
titanfall 2 also has a loadout option to be able to fire and throw grenades while sprinting, and turning that on improves the gameplay by a noticable degree.
"confirmed" in an anon post on /v/
Ah yes, the halo 1 shield, [Listen as it does not regenerate.](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Dluhm2g5OOU) ***Health*** regen, on the other hand sped up gameplay, you didn't have to leave the action to go pick up a medpack. nice try at a "gotcha" though.
You might not have played it (I know now for a fact that you DIDN'T) but halo 1 had recharging shields, then a healthbar underneath it. A recharging health buffer was one of the biggest things halo brought to the FPS genre Halo 2 just did away with the healthbar for a hidden bar which slowly recharged over time too.
Theres the thing though, having your health recharge as well as the shield doesn't slow down the game. it doesn't need the maps to be made bigger, it doesnt change move speed, it doesnt stop you from firing. you can retreat for meds while still firing, you can retreat to try to recharge your shield while still firing back, etc. your point falls on its face though because in both scenarios (shield recharge, health limited vs shield+health recharge) you still have "okay my shield is down, run away to recharge" and then running away to recharge. You still have "ok i am not being shot at anymore but my shield is down and health is partially down, what do i do?" which leaves 2 routes. one is "ok i run back to [health pack spawn]", and then come back. the other is "ok i hide for a little bit for my health to settle as well as the shields". it doesn't slow it down at all, if anything it speeds it up in every circumstance except for when the CE spartan is already next to a medpack. otherwise the CE spartan is going to have to make a longer trek to heal, or go to a fight with less HP, meanwhile the Halo 2 spartan is going to be ready to run back into the fight quicker than those health pack treks. The reasoning for "sprint slows the game down" argument is that it essentially turns into sprint being the base speed, and you have to slow down to fire. that's how the maps are designed, and adds a "stop fighting to retreat" button while the older games you could retreat while still returning fire/throwing grenades etc. Playing El Dewrito back when it was first released laid the whole thing out clear as day, adding sprint+a slight jump height boost to halo 3 without changing much else, gameplay wise, just broke it. Guardian and Valhalla also showed what happens when you add sprint without changing maps, THEN you suddenly get a speed game, but still not as fast as just halo 3 with a higher on-foot speed.
x-shot darts. pretty cheap in bulk in store, if you don't want to buy from ebay. they have issues with some flywheels iirc, because they're notably shorter than elite darts.
from their post history, i think it was a case of being overused, as in being run until it physically didn't power the blaster anymore before recharging.
From what you described, the stryfe itself was fine. the problem was you ran the battery "dry" a few times which has made it unpredictable (and unsafe), hence it now seeming to cut out at what would normally be a useable voltage. worth maybe seeing if you can check the solders on the stryfe just to make sure nothing is shorting. and read that guide/watch up on youtube about how to care for a battery.
UK amazon, shipped from the US, comes to about £11 as opposed to all the other boomco halo stuff being £30+
twitch is the most stable livestream platform. youtube is the better way to watch them non-live.
Here's the listing, the price has bumped up another couple of quid since. https://www.amazon.co.uk/gp/product/B0794YK35P/ref=ppx_yo_dt_b_asin_title_o08_s00?ie=UTF8&amp;psc=1
If you pressure sealed the barrel, wouldn't you basically be fighting a vacuum with every dart? like it would get "sucked" back going through the barrel and slow down, surely? with flywheels you aren't kicking a pocket of air down the barrel behind the dart.
When you have a blaster that has a button or switch that starts up a motor to fire the darts, like the stryfe or stockade or something. as opposed to a spring powered blaster.
It's possibly also brought on by microsofts couple of big announcements in the past couple of days about bringing a whole bunch of stuff to steam. but yeah they'll deliver this over the MS store.
Yeah the zuru/xshot darts should work just fine in both of those.
no
I came across one of the rail attachments from an ebay haul, and i use it on a Roughcut now, its great.
Your name was one letter removed from passively referencing a demographic, that's illegal on the internet now bub, you're under arrest.
I'm starting to wonder if that might actually be why they're doing this now, if they're following through and cracking down on this stuff across the board. They're either a lot more confident that the antitrust investigation won't affect them at all, and showing off. Or they're *a lot more scared of it than they're letting on*, and so this is a last stand "crash the bus before they can take us away from the wheel" situation, where they're just going all out to do the damage while they still can, hoping that nobody in the future wants to be the one to "invite the shitlords back".
I'd be surprised if the base system requirements are higher than halo 5 forge.
Are you American? I'll assume so, it's a safe bet by the attitude. Say I had a realistic looking Airsoft gun. It looks like, oh I don't know, we'll go with an AR15 replica shell, an expensive accurately modelled one. So I have an Airsoft gun that from the outside is indistinguishable from an AR15. If I went around threatening people in the street with this, sosmoeke would get pissed pretty quick, and I'd likely be arrested if not shot by cops, correct? Because until after I'd actually fired at it, it could be either a toy or the real thing, as external appearance is the same. Allowing people to legally run around popping BBs at people with such a toy is a bad precedent, because one day there might be a real one, that people believe is another of the toy ones. Now put this in the context of a country where plastic cups full of acids or bleaches being thrown at people isn't unheard of at all. Do you think it's a good idea to allow throwing foaming liquid from plastic cups at political opponents is encouraged? You're basically building a Trojan horse for an acid attack.
Usually they're pretty strict on making sure their contract is referring directly to the product/title itself, rather than the publisher/developer, just to protect against some loophole like that. It's probably an expiration of the deal instead.
Add a few decapitated dart heads to this, get the balance right and you've got a safe tomahawk like throwable.
Begone, foul concern-troll
Putting out a request for bingo cards for each show. Most overly cynical yet still largely correct cards win the right to say "I told you so".
*solder The rapidstrike is trickier than, say, a stryfe or modulus, because it has that third motor and needs an array of 3 switches rather than just the one. Kellyindustries switch PCB is probably the easiest way to do it, you can find it on outofdarts, it's basically a prefab circuit you just put your switches on and solder the contacts.
Make them with foam balls and pool noodles.
&gt;By order of His blessed Inquisition; ***CEASE*** all culinary activities, step away from the baked talisman and prepare for summary discipline.
[Switch Shot EX-3, complete with red flippy thing](https://vignette.wikia.nocookie.net/nerf/images/6/67/97a4c_nerf_n-strike_B002BSA1HQ.01.sm.jpg/revision/latest?cb=20111104101029)
I dunno why the pronunciation is different, but even then, American spelling still puts an L in there. google says both words came from the french "souder" though, whigh might shed some light.
I reckon the lions share of that 500mill is on the engine dev, Microsoft want to use Slipspace like EA uses Frostbite.
It's one thing to say "I don't like this game". It's quite another thing to say other people shouldn't like it either.
Because you're saying it is too highly rated, that people should like it less, because it isn't good enough to be so valued. You're definitively making a comment on how much other people should like it, rather than expressing your own feelings for it.
It'd be weird because 343 have pretty directly said it's not in the roadmap that MCC and Halo Infinite are on for PC. They could have been misleading with it on purpose, but it's odd for them to have directly denied it instead of just steering away from an answer. but then again it's weird to have 1,2,3,odst,reach,4 ,___, 6 and leave what seems to be a HUGE hole in the story (I haven't played 5 but a few really big things have been spoiled at me that seem crazy to miss out)
it was a smooth sheer edged spike. it's not like it's barbed or something
it's a sheer edged spike, not barbed or hooked. explain how it's "designed" to stay in when the jaw is fully opened?
Reading the teams own description above, when you pierce AR500 with a crusher like this, it splinters and forms it's own barbs that bit the tooth back. And since crushing a spike through AR500 seems to have been *unheard of*, I don't think anyone really knew the effect until it happened.
They're saying the kind of rubber Go was using for spinners is exactly what they're describing as a spike gripper, just mounted sideways instead. Unless you're suggesting banning certain defenses against certain weapons, or having some rule that says you can have the rubber sideways but not flat, you can't really ban the rubber that could be used to make crusher spikes get stuck without also ruling out the spinner dampeners.
If Kraken was to pierce AR500 it would face the same issue. The thing is Quantum's FIRST faceoff was against AR500 (since you're ignoring the same mechanism's track record in Spectre, where it did not get stuck) you're basing your entire case on one fight against the one material which by its own mechanism *BITES THE TOOTH BACK*.
I think the 2nd time they were *trying* to get to the wall at least, but they were off balance and could only really drive in circles with all that extra weight rocking them.
Robot Wars was a containment plan
https://www.halowaypoint.com/en-us/news/mcc-development-update-april-2019 Do a word search for "legacy pillar". &gt;Being true to legacy means that we do not change the core gameplay of Halo unless we are fixing bugs or making small, modern quality of life adjustments that can benefit both mouse and keyboard players as well as controller players...[quote continues to list some examples of where they've identified things that need tweaks]
oyumaru is the best stuff i find. it isn't always blue, either.
&gt;it's an eyesore to see a grown man fanboying over a company that he gives his money to okay, so you're either a kid, not giving epic money, or a hypocrite?
the spinning didn't look deliberate, more like the weight of blacksmith was screwing with their traction. I think they were actually trying to push towards the wall on the 2nd grab.
Well that's that bundle people were asking about sort of covered
there's absolutely a case to be made about not giving too much too quickly. a slower feed of info lets them keep tickling the hype as they go, always knowing they've got something to escalate with. while letting people know all they want to know over a year in advance gives a whole lot of time for interest to be lost or transferred.
Boomco have a couple, like the MA5 and the rapid madness.
7.8/10 Too much radiation.
source for valve paying off studios they don't own to keep games exclusive to steam?
they could well do the whole "enhanced" thing and render it at a higher resolution and stuff.
So you lied? admit you lied.
The armour in 4 and 5 looked like it was less solid, like it had been stripped down and was missing bits.
&gt;twitch twitch is condensed hell because you have anon/pseudonymity mixed with "my message is on screen for 4 frames, i can say whatever" syndrome.
It really pisses me off that it's not "related videos" any more, just a feed using the same mechanism as the front page. It's never got anything relevant to what I'm currently watching, just full of shit I've either already watched (even still with the red bars on them showing I've watched them) or shit from channels or subjects I watched one single video of, 2 months ago. Bring back related videos.
It's obviously the release date, 17th of April 2033./s
You can turn the FOV way up, but you gotta turn the resolution scaling down a bunch.
It does actually make the campaign better too. Better in the regard that it actually runs, mainly.
If you wanna read it, it was in the April dev blog. https://www.halowaypoint.com/en-us/news/mcc-development-update-april-2019
The fact is Reach (and CE, they're working on both of them at the same time) will need a bunch of bouncing off of testers and insider flights to make it *feel* right, since they're still trying to figure out what "right" actually is. But once they've reached that point, they just have to then make the next title feel like the last "right" one, without having to go through feedback stages, since they can use the other game as a template/baseline.
Dev blog already confirmed last month that you'll be able to push it much higher. 90 a neat rounded number to cap for the demo, and there's a point above that where the view models get a little screwy, but you'll be able to go higher in the ini at your own discretion. You're getting mad over something already covered, thanks.
That's already confirmed happening in last month's dev blog, the in game menus will go all the way up to the max "clean" setting, and you'll be able to set higher values in the ini at your own discretion. https://www.halowaypoint.com/en-us/news/mcc-development-update-may-2019 Do a control-f for "warning" and it'll take you right to the sentence, scroll up a little for the whole segment.
I get that you think you're being smart here, but you're misinformed. The BLAM! Engine is a fucking hot mess under the bonnet. Adding or swapping a model is NOT something you can just do in an afternoon, that shits baked into every other asset, every map, every call, whatever. In Halo 4, back in 2012, they couldn't do it, even during peak "microtransaction the fuck out of everything" season, they couldn't just add skins and/or models on the fly. Even TEXTURES on existing stuff. The only way they managed to pull it off at all was to load EXTRA MAPS alongside the level you were actually playing on, and using a crazy hack to make stuff render on the main map. On the Xbox 360, in 2012, as stretched as they could possibly be, performance wise, they found side-loading entire extra levels was easier than adding a weapon texture normally. They didn't fix that until halo 5 (actually I don't think they even did, it might well be doing the same thing, I haven't checked). And now they're making a whole new engine for Infinite, finally. What you're saying might be true for unreal, for unity, for source, but it isn't true at all for the games in the MCC. The Blam! engine has code dating back to 1993, was first used for Halo CE in 2001, was meant to be scrapped in place of a whole new engine in for Halo 2, but for timing reasons they didn't (halo 2 was really rushed), and then has been spliced and merged and crudely mutated ever since, all the way until halo 5 in 2015.
yeah it definitely depends on the play-space. I meant that more aimed at the constant trickle of kids who show up at parks with a worker-kit stryfe sprayed black and then act surprised when it causes issues.
if it was already going to go to epic, it'd be plastered in epic logos
You said above that you were worried that destroy all humans wasn't specifying steam. Shenmue 3 DID specify steam in the kickstarter, and that didn't stop them either.
November is the typical.
I prefer the armour, this one actually looks more like an evolution of the gen1 armour, rather than looking like it had been stripped down in the field or something.
No. it wasnt credit card info. you're doing that thing again that lying thing.
You keep calling everyone else drones; But you're the one who keeps making thread after thread after thread posting anything critical of valve you can find, and repeating yourself *ad nauseam* in the comments. Who's the one droning?
It upsets me how often this is a solution. Like yeah, it's a really simple fix, but from a security stand-point it's an absolutely horrendous trend. edit: I meant this in no way as any problem with the above user, I'm annoyed that Devs keep putting out games that need the admin permissions at all.
Hasbro: &gt;okay we've got a new blaster, it holds 5 inside and 10 in the storage slots, how many darts do we give them? &gt;5, these dumb kids can't see the internal mag or half the storage, so they won't do the math on the box. Zuru: &gt;It's a got a 20 dart drum &gt;Fuck it, give them 144!
Steam, origin, uplay, Microsoft/Xbox, battlenet. I use GOG for a lot but I use the direct installers rather than galaxy.
Apparently running as admin helps a lot.
I haven't had a chance to test it myself, just parroting others advice from an earlier thread.
Find Metro from the start menu rather than inside the app, and rightclick it there.
Would make for some wonderful screenshots, if nothing else. And in a few years time will probably be worth it all when newer cards can actually run it at a good resolution and frame rate with raytracing on max.
One of the obstacles before was actually displaying them, the game needs to actually render a model of the spartan to show the armour if they're gonna do mix-n-match customising, which they couldn't do since each one would need to render in its own game engine. So they opted for full-sets so they could just use pictures. Now they're using Unreal to build a new front-end for the UI, they could well fix this now, by importing the spartan bipeds and all the armour pieces into unreal engine and using that to display them all at once, with customised parts.
It'll be the same as the Xbox One version, with the match composer. basically all of the games start from the same front-end. The composer lets you choose which game variants you want to queue for and which games you want. So, for instance, you can specify searching for 4v4 slayer in Halo Reach, 2 and 3, and queue for all of them at once. This should solve a lot of the issues of queuing or splitting. And at $10 a game as well as all being in the Game Pass, the prices are pretty accessible too.
I think i still prefer the white/blue-grey excel one.
It seems that's the unifying trait of us Brits. whatever side you're on, rich or poor, left or right, whatever. we all agree that the wankers in Westminster are a bunch of useless muppets.
As someone living here, i can say they seem to have done a solid job of it too. like that section driving from Picadilly Circus to Trafalgar square was accurate by a road map, and i could actually recognise what parts of Camden Market they'd built that den in.
always have plasma pistol and magnums/battle rifles at hand.
GOG does exactly that, galaxy is optional, there's a drop down on library web-page to just download the game installer as a self contained thing.
They swapped the library download buttons around, the standalone/portable installers moved from being a big button to part of a drop-down iirc. Edit: looking at the page it seems to have been moved back.
Epics platform is actually 5 years old, including store features. They just only started selling *other people's* games last year.
A healthy mix of Colonial Marines from Aliens and the Mobile Infantry from Starship Troopers.
cool story, you can always just go back and play the older ones?
holy shit, call the cops. you're saying 343 broke into your house and broke your xbox/360 discs?
Even just halo 2 feels vastly more refined than halo 1. CE was very much a learning process for the team regarding level design, and they figured out how to keep a layout engaging after that.
I've had to use treesize in admin mode just to **see** inside the folder, let alone actually do anything in there.
Even more interesting is that Argos have the Cycloneshock for just £9.99 at the moment. might have to pop down on the way to work tomorrow.
its normally like £18.99, they've dropped the price without re-listing it by the offers. Even if you add 2 to cart it'll still figure it out and charge £19.98 instead.
Still shows as £17.99 for smyths for me.
The thing is it wasn't at all quantums fault there. nobody has -*crushed* a blade through AR500 like that before, and it turns out it splinters on the inside and bites the tooth back. The blade was a sheer spike, no barbs or curves, and they did everything possible to release.
People have been complaining about bullshit coverage and over-involved "journalists" manipulating things in the games industry for like 30+ years. I remember reading an article about how a games mag got into a shit flinging contest with an amiga game dev, and started giving them crappy review scores for it. in the mid-2000's and early 2010s, it was a constant running criticism of places like IGN taking money for review scores, and all the like. And it was building to a head with fairly regular issues happening when it came to articles and reviews, with more and more people starting to publicly call them out for bias and poor integrity in 2013/2014. Then all of a sudden a shit-storm came out of nowhere, after dozens and dozens of sketchy crappy articles and coverage pieces in 2014, the one that blew up was *oh so conveniently* one that was centred around a game dev who was already a professional shit-stirrer, and *oh so conveniently* had an angle of romantic involvement, so the complaints and backlash could all be deflected as sexist. There were gaping conflicts of interest in the event, but every single article posted about it just presented it as "internet neckbeards complain that girl has affair" plus the dev's own drama about an ex with a massive he-said-she-said lawsuit going on. the whole thing snowballed with people going "hang on, you're writing professional reviews while not disclosing bias" and them saying back "nuh-uh sexists". It all grew from there, with the media on one side and people trying to hold the media to account on the other side. so what happens? the media does what it does, and publishes piece after pieces about how we're all sexist manbaby racists, because what they say is the public image. We picked a fight with the people already writing the history books, the people we were calling out were directly writing things into articles just to get the Wikipedia page to say what they wanted to say we were. Despite **being** belligerents in the conflict, they still counted as valid secondary sources, because wikipedia is a bureaucratic hell-hole that doesn't have any rules, just a mess of word salad that lets the side with the highest level permissions just choke out any opposition and write whatever the fuck they want to write, then just lock the article claiming its being vandalised. They even went so far as to reveal that they all shared mailing lists between companies, with hundreds of journalists and editors involved, to coordinate and collude on narratives and to manipulate the games industry. when this got found out and proven, they just kinda went "oh well" closed the list, started a new one and pretended it meant nothing. outside of games industry, the same sort of networks are used to bend elections by coordinating coverage to present people in certain ways on a comprehensive scale. Gamergate is a consumer revolt against the people who have the ability to publish that we aren't a consumer revolt.
All the people who wishlisted the 24 games higher than boneworks on this list. theyre 25th.
Maybe now the people at the top will realise just how much of a hellhole it becomes when you set up a bureaucratic wordsalad mess of a rule system and let the users arbitrate it amongst themselves? nah they'll just turn it up a few more notches and add a more WP:WTFAYD or whatever named rules.
[it was revealed like 4 days ago courtesy of news.xbox.com](https://news.xbox.com/en-us/2019/06/09/halo-at-e3-2019/)
It's the fact that it loses the national dex without actually gaining anything from it. The models and animations look just the same as the 3ds games. If they actually improved on stuff, like having proper animations for moves, I don't think people would be nearly as annoyed. But a double kick still involves the Pokémon just lifting up and down for moment and 2 paw sprites appearing on the enemy. And a Wingull in the overworld just slides around like it's t-posed. For that, you're losing the whole national dex pvp battling and collector scene.
Their YouTube channel video for this has more dislikes than likes too, so it's not just this sub.
I think people are theorising whats going on in the ending shot? Where chief walks up to the control room centre and pulls out the chip as if to upload/download something, all while being spoken to/remembering being spoken to by Cortana. The whole scene *screams* that Chief is there to insert/collect an AI from the system.
They've had to work on halo reach from scratch, building up from the 360 game, rather than being able to build on top of the work from the Xbox one releases. They're also simultaneously working on combat evolved anniversary, claimed in the march AMA and shown in both the April and May dev blogs. And flighting should be smaller with each game since they've already answered their player experience questions with the previous titles, they can start out on top of the same info they gathered from previous titles, rather than having to go back to square one and trying to understand how to make the FOV sliders again or something.
they only show on the old layout. load this page, then replace www. with old. in the url, it'll bring the old layout back.
i think the thing about "transferring back" is people who want to use pokemon that cant actually be used in sw/sh. as theyve explained it right now, it's just an archive that makes pokemon in it unusable until eventually they make a new game that can actually use them.
[the assets from pokemon x and y looked like this](http://i.imgur.com/0Ix9qwy.gif). that's right there on the cart. pokemon ultra sun and moon has animations of that quality for all 800+, including unused overworld walk/interact animations. and it fit them all into less than 500MB. the 3ds games did a downscale and interpolate to display them at a lower poly and animation rate for performance, but they're all there in the files.
[the assets from pokemon x and y looked like this](http://i.imgur.com/0Ix9qwy.gif). that's right there on the cart. pokemon ultra sun and moon has animations of that quality for all 800+, including unused overworld walk/interact animations. and it fit them all into less than 500MB. the 3ds games did a downscale and interpolate to display them at a lower poly and animation rate for performance, but they're all there in the files.
the games don't even emphasize the national dex at all, they havent even shown national dex numbers for the last couple of games. the regional pokedex (the ones you can actually get native to that game) are presented as a complete set, while pokemon traded from other regions are shown as extras, not something you're missing.
they said it during the ama in march, and the april dev blog WIP settings tool shows CE as an option as well as Reach.
This is a list of all the ones spotted in sw/sh materials so far, like on the treehouse streams and stuff. https://www.serebii.net/swordshield/galarpokedex.shtml
for what it does, it's a lot bulkier than it needs to be.
i'm partial to x-shot's reflex 6 myself.
aha, finally, they made a nerf version of derek bum's kitchen-gun, and even put it in the right section!
Both stores will have connectivity, yes. the steam version specifies you make a microsoft/live account for the game, and they've confirmed crossplay a few times. as for crossplay to the xbox, that's confirmed to not be there at launch, but something they'll look into later on, and they're making sure that work they do right now is compatible with the xbox one network as well.
I don't care who they are, i dont care who owns them. what i care about is that they're happy to release the game on multiple stores, and not lock their game to one sub-par platform. they can do what they want in the mobile space, i dont care. Just so long as they aren't trying to make my decisions about PC gaming for me.
April development blog. It wasn't explained, it wasn't something they had described as a fix, just describing how the pre-existing (unchanged) behaviour doesn't suit keyboard controls. As I understand it, when you're running full speed in halo, tapping crouch won't actually make you crouch, you have to slow down to do it. Maybe I'm misremembering, but this was not just with stick crouch, but also present when using a trigger or face button to crouch. Edit: haven't played MCC, just reflecting on memories from the 360 releases. Maybe I'm wrong here, I'll test it tomorrow. Using a keyboard this is particularly noticable.
Would you be able to use the shell of a boomco MA5? Apart from the clip well up at the front, it's fairly accurate to the game.
They underestimated how much work it was. April release would have meant a broken copy paste port that doesn't even work will with the xbone, let alone pc. If you're complaining about it not releasing back then, you're directly saying "hey 343 I want a broken game, please make it worse for everyone". Even if you don't know it, that's what you're asking.
There were multiple posts right after it was first shown.
It's depth of field, and it's deliberate.
Leaving an empty mag in a blaster is fine. Make sure if you had to prime it to load the mag that you fire off the action. You basically just don't want to leave springs or darts compressed outside of active use.
I had the opposite problem, funnily enough. I've been trying to update for a couple of months now to the newer feature updates, and nothing was cooperating. But the Xbox beta installer just did it first try. You'd think, given how insistent Microsoft was to update people's PCs whether they wanted windows 10 or not, that they'd be able to trigger updates without such inconsistency.
Yes, everything except mid-mission checkpoints will be cross-saved between the two.
It's something they discussed as being lit up as an issue. https://www.halowaypoint.com/en-us/news/mcc-development-update-april-2019 &gt;Being true to legacy means that we do not change the core gameplay of Halo unless we are fixing bugs or making small, modern quality of life adjustments that can benefit both mouse and keyboard players as well as controller players. One such example is the discussion around how to handle movement and crouch interactions. We have heard feedback from internal playtests that for a modern shooter, there is an expectation of better support when transitioning between standing/moving and crouch. This issue demonstrates the tension between our legacy and PC native pillars and is only one of many issues that is likely to put pillars in conflict with each other. They don't directly explain it, but the only possible reasoning I can think of for how crouching transitions are an issue is the whole "can't crouch without pulling the stick back" thing.
Does egs even do cloud-saves yet?
Every month, most of that Trello just moves back by a month. I'm certain the cloud saves box once said may.
Every other platform has features epic doesnt have. When they say "is now epic exclusive" I hear "someone paid us to remove cloud saves, endlessly customisable gamepad support, in home streaming, and a bunch of other features, because they want PC gamers to have less quality of life features." What console/platform do you play on mainly, if you don't mind me asking?
Except for shenmue this week, where they just said lolnope to people asking for a refund.
People who tell you there's no difference are lying. EGS deliberately lacks features for the user that were considered standard features a decade ago, so exclusivity removes features from the user.
They made fallout. They don't need to reference it as their inspiration because that makes them look like assholes going "my biggest hero is myself" or something.
Considering they're talking all 6 and building a new control method for all of them at once, instead of adding control tweak patches on top of patches on top of a decade old game built on a decade older patched engine, they can probably fix a lot of long running peculiarities without counting as "changing the legacy" or whatever might annoy like one person when they find the game doesnt perform exactly like the 360 release.
They said during the AMA that they're working on CE already, alongside Reach.
that would be a horrendous way to manage it, compared to being able to have the files locally.
no worries, there's been a lot of info coming out since march, and its easy for something like that to slip under notice, its only been mentioned off-hand a few times while the focus of the news has been around on reach.
the xbox one has a very specifically balanced emulator built for it because they can work around a single hardware spec (or, well, 3 of them now).
Maybe having it as an option, then? like how some games have optional downloads for uhd textures.
The announcement and footage a few months ago fully got me back into pokemon, i hadn't really played since some prick in college deleted my save in Diamond and wrecked my collection (he ended up in a river, but the whole thing put me off pokemon). But i picked up Pokemon White and Pokemon X, and i've been going through White since that trailer. This has put a dampener on the whole thing because pokedex collection is a big part of it for me.
Release order, imo.
I haven't actually played hw2 yet (plan to soon, what with pc gamepass now) but hw1 is a real early prequel. I just think first entry into the series should be Halo CE, Halo 2, Halo 3. You mix other games around before or in-between, you spoil the progression of those 3 I feel.
biggest change to culture and media for that time frame has to be the internet (pre and post world wide web/html). it took a couple of decades for the agenda to take it seriously and actually work out strategies to coop/subvert independent groups, and for everyone to settle into the same, easily herded big tech platforms.
&gt;gg introduced politics into games jesus christ what the fuck is this revisionism shit you're trying to pull?
Snopes is biased. They misrepresent.
The Global-dex
Old yellow/black n-strike
Metro Exodus, Windows game pass edition: I can't save anything, game progress, settings, nothing. I am running it as administrator but still nothing.
If you're looking for some "gotcha" over saying they're hypocrites, don't bother. They've been openly letting the rules slip for some groups while beating with the book for years now, they make no effort to hide or deny it.
What are we looking for?
just checked, my game is 1.0.9.0, while apparently the fix update is 1.0.10.0 Do you know if it's possible to force it to check the update? i think it released *while* i was installing the game, so it seems to have not picked up on it?
[it's not offering any kind of update for it](https://i.imgur.com/LQ6sfj9.png)
oof. thanks. painful at my 3mbyte/s download speed.
The games still all launch and run through the MCC hub. Thanks to the match composer, you don't have to pick one game, you can, for instance, queue for slayer and objective games in halo 2 and 3 at the same time, or any other combo of gametypes and games.
Here we go, some sources for the kiddo, found with a simple search of "40k first edition book" (it's a tabletop hobby game, not a video game series but it had adaptations). First edition rulebook, 1987, back when it was called Warhammer 40,000 Rogue Trader. https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/en/thumb/b/b8/Rogue_trader_cover.jpg/200px-Rogue_trader_cover.jpg Note the eagle shape behind the title facing. And a sort of brochure/beginners guide they published in 1989 when they realised it had actually caught on and was a big thing https://i.ebayimg.com/images/g/pvMAAOSw-9Ncxv7Y/s-l400.jpg At this point had made a full transition into the stylised twin-headed eagle with the "beam" wings.
Made another reply sourcing two book covers from the 80s, it existed on first edition 40k rogue trader. https://www.reddit.com/r/Nerf/comments/c1gs3h/hmm_the_litany/ere6x5a/
Knowing gamefreak, dynamax Pokémon don't do something sensible like scale up the model, but actually pull a whole new asset from the ROM (which is just the same model scaled up, but taking up a 2nd set of storage) and the same for its animations.
Compared to the 3ds, they've got buckets more power.
No, this one won't let you transfer anything from outside it's regional dex.
I was under the very certain impression that shadists is *not* shadman. Is that not the case?
Please don't leave magazines loaded, and especially please don't leave smart AR blasters like that Triad on the ~~right~~ left loaded. Magazines squash your darts but can also weaken the magazine's. While smart AR springs get weaker when they stay loaded, so instead of firing one dart at a time properly, it fires one dart weaker and kinds just poops another dart out.
The "accidental fix" was increasing the frame rates and the server tick rate to something acceptable.
They plan to start the insiders this month.
No, they haven't deliberately reintroduced glitches caused by a rushed dev cycle and a lack of play testing. They also didn't actually fix them, just the increased polling rates made the windows for the inputs narrower.
Same with Titanfall 2, there's this one perk you can put on a load out that lets you hipfire and reload while sprinting. Turn that on and it feels like a completely different (better) experience.
even moving the base speed up to sprint speed, people complain that there's no sprint.
the tick rate is 60 now, for all the mcc. it used to be either 20hz or 30hz, i cant remember.
even better, this was posted when the account was 1 minute old.
Yes, they call it "smart AR."
Unless you were looking for the shell, not much. They spit out only a tiny bit of salt, they won't have the energy to move a fat heavy piece of foam much.
Somewhere on the other side of a time machine.
Polygon is a crap rag, a waste of bandwidth, who will tell absolute lies just for your clicks. Yes it's invalid.
Can confirm, no text or other content, just usernames, present in mobile app, chrome android and Firefox android, logged in and logged out.
Yep, it came back right after I posted here.
50 hopper, drac has a video of it from some toy fair a while back. Hopper is removable and looks a little more size-friendly than nemesis hoppers if you *were* to try hotswapping them for reloads, but this looks like it's basically begging for paintball fillers (whatever you call the tube things, not the actual paintball hoppers). Edit: I think they're called paintball pods.
Is this the same person who, shortly before the attack, tweeted a picture of the milkshake and the reciept, saying something like "coincidentally there's a political rally in town today"?
Good lord mate, where have you been since march? Reach is being added to MCC, and the whole thing is coming to PC too.
I've taken the time to replay half life 2 and it's episodes, and then I'm gonna replay Metro 2033 and maybe last light if there's still time.
I think they're asking for ones that come before reach and the rest of the MCC begin releasing on PC, which according to 343 could be happening any week/month now.
by the look of it, every surface has the same reflectivity, so i'd wager that with this turned on, the grass will look like its made out of polished metal and still reflect all the lights and details.
Just going on a limb here, but maybe... *maybe making publishing retractions for stories less financially comfortable is the point.* how fucking **beautiful** would it be when we have a world were the editor goes &gt;"okay fact check that first, we can't afford to publish this story and find out the kid in the red hat didn't start the confrontation" and then they actually have to check shit before starting a hate train and a doxxing rush on some kid because they wrote the article based on the first twitter post they saw?
Remember this when you see people asking for Halo BR spinoffs. they leech development resources and unless they're DOA, they permanently scar the franchise's future direction.
I... I think you've genuinely missed a whole page in this story. we're talking pre-borderlands, the [original trailer.](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BlZv9fEY_co) Gearbox then contacted a guy called Ben Hibon, creator of [this short, called Codehunters](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OmeP1YkaeTo) They exchanged a few emails, saw some concepts, then cut him off. And then they proceeded clone his artstyle and made borderlands what it was.
Either the x-shot revolver or a hammershot beat the disruptor handily.
reflex 6 hits a solid step above the disruptor, and is smaller too.
you have to pull the slide back on a disruptor too. if you want to have a pistol that doesn't need pulling back, you're either wanting a stryfe (very big but still pistol size, i reckon) or a nailbiter which has a single action. (it has a very chunky trigger than you grab with multiple fingers, and pulling the trigger levers back then releases the spring all in a single motion) A hammer prime, like the doubleshot or the hammershot is kind of a best middle ground, they have a rotating lever that you pull down with your thumb, rather than needing to pull something back with your other hand.
yes, i agree, it *is* one of the 5 worst blasters ever made by a toy company.
I'm not mean to you, just to the blaster. they took a recon-shaped platform, removed its rails, stock, and barrel attachments, made it chunky, and swapped the magazine attachment for a flappy 8 dart slider, then they sold them for about the same price anyway.
She'll have the time. She's on like stage 3 out of 50 increasing levels of "make me relevant again". she'll start some shit with another dev or influencer to be a victim and get patreon bucks back again.
Not at expert but my understanding is it's the head. Accustrike dart heads rub on tight barrels because they're the same width as the foam, while elites and waffles make sure foam is the only thing touching the barrel.
It baffles me as to why it doesn't even use sledgefire compatible shells, they've designed an entirely different outline for these.
Play Anywhere games get them, I think, but games that have a standalone windows release don't.
Depends where you are. It's long gone here in the UK eBay though.
didn't work.
good point. i think i brain-farted and conflated "existing windows store releases" into just saying play anywhere.
There will be multiplayer testing, these first ones are basically just to survey how the game runs and how the controls are performing.
This isn't "hey okay play the game early have fun!", these are functional tests to fix the end product. I hate the word "entitled" but I don't think it's a stretch to say it to you.
Other flights will be different content.
Maybe look into Killteam too? only need like 3 or 4 more of these guys and he can start some games with them.
if you want to add a photo in comments, upload it on imgur or something and put the link in the comment.
f10555 is another name used by Worker, as i understand it.
They did plan that before, but they pushed it back as they had a lot more work to do on it before it was ready for testing. (I think they actually added a lot more to their features list, the March AMA responses gave a big "maybe, we don't know" to a number of things which then were shown to be features in the dev blogs in April and May.)
This is only the 2nd time they've said it. First time they said April, then they apologised and pushed it back, then they said "we're now targeting June" and now targeted a week within June.
Considering it's just one campaign level (tip of the spear) with no multiplayer, and considering these flights are for technical data, not marketing, probably not.
Considering it's just one campaign level (tip of the spear) with no multiplayer, and considering these flights are for technical data, not marketing, probably not.
The only way I've ever seen Valve "interfere" with a fan project is by hiring the devs.
No, you cancel the ultimate and then sub to the normal service once ultimate stops being cheaper.
Considering it's just one campaign level (tip of the spear) with no multiplayer, and considering these flights are for technical data, not marketing, probably not.
You can still run custom maps, just they've got to be made on an Xbox until later on when forge is added.
There's no irony left to be had, projection is the name of their game, and has been for a decade.
Xbox reach tests come later.
For now, yes. I'm hoping that in a few months when we have it with an improved UI, it'll be for the best in the long term, and we'll get more and better forge creations when people aren't having to fight with the controls.
Very nice, looks like a throwback to the old yellow n-strike line. I'm planning on doing so to my modulus as my first paint work.
They're not worth any more or less than normal ones, literally the only difference is the stock attachment having an extra bit of tube on it or not.
"I don't even know where here is", just spoken pretty fast.
From what i can gather from what was mentioned by them in various places (dev blogs, stream etc), It's a sampling of the insider population. So they'll be using a system to choose people in a way that gives them a wide range of different peripherals, different regions etc involved in the test.
did you buy the PC or build it? I built mine in 2013 for £450 and i still use it today with the only change being an added hard drive. works fine.
in 4 and 5, the undersuit colours were the same colour as the armor panel colour you chose, so they all blended together and lost definition at more than a couple of steps away, and they just looked like they were wearing coloured jumpsuits rather than plating. the black undersuit outlines and defines the armour pieces on top of it.
it'll happen on both, it just makes more sense to run tests on different platforms at different timings.
I think he was saying Microsoft were the ones who took the L and moved on, hence them focusing on the lineup for the next console rather than pushing more out for the tail end of the xbox one.
Different teams and devs. 343 dev resources are *all* being spent on Infinite. MCC reach and MCC PC are being worked on by Ruffian and Splash Damage.
Halo 1 feels a little... robust(?) by today's standards (still worth it), but 2/3/odst/reach are all good fundamentals of FPS.
you mean the coffee one? [here's the original video, and the creator's channel](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NYeaukbFEAI)
that's the fourth one, but [here](https://twitter.com/aman9919/status/1112768261832228865?lang=en)
No. ignoring them doesnt work, that led to the current state of university faculties. ignoring them *is* playing into their hands, its an even more profitable outcome for them than everyone being vocally angry at them.
The master chief collection is coming to PC soon. The OG Xbox disk works in a 360 but you get a weird lighting glitch get stuck to the screen that stays across multiple levels. Project cartographer (website is halo2.online , funnily enough) works for halo 2 on PC today.
Smells like a battery fire in here...
Figure out why you don't want to open the shell, and deal with that issue. This isn't some elitism thing, theres a legitimate high risk of a battery fire with what you ask for, and even if it doesn't catch fire in a big way, it'll break itself.
Reach on PC will be one $9.99 purchase for the whole game, firefight included, rather than being a "split" like the xbox one version getting half of it for free and buying the other half. Forge comes later because it's being refined for PC UI along with h2a/3/4 forge.
Personally I think views and scenes, especially interior ones, look much more majestic and and to scale in fps
First bit of advice: play the rest of them. Don't be discouraged by the more robust feel of halo 1, it's worth it.
Most blasters have something like this. Most toys will. It's usually just a code identifier of where/when it was made, so they can track defect batches and stuff.
Ske7ch confirmed nothing transfers from 360 unlocks/progression. Stuff you've unlocked on the xbox one MCC will transfer to the PC MCC.
I think they mean in actual performance of the blaster, not battery life.
Oh hey its this video, for the 20931th time this month.
http://haloinsider.com
Can we get flights for everyone else, and only delay yours?
Flights have been pushed back *once*, and they apologized for it. Get off your horse and stop acting like they personally owe you. If you're complaining about flights being pushed back, you're directly complaining about the idea of them releasing a polished product, so I'm going to call you out for trying to make the game worse.
Insert pikachu jpg
He's directly painting valve as the bad guy for not cleaning up the mess that gets made when he walks in and pays a dev to drop everything and follow him.
I checked, my strongarm has a full sling point in the back of the slide, and I'm 90% certain the disruptor has a loop or a hole on top of the slide that you can run some paracord through for a DIY sling point, but maybe the string hole being on top will pull it at a bad angle for priming, idk.
I think Sweeney took the wrong idea from hearing someone discuss "paid mods" For real though a whole lot of gaming subs are compromised by the game's publishers.
Go make a positive post about EGS in pcmasterrace, pcgaming, games, or gaming sub, you'll see just how many people like it when the votes hover around 0 (because Reddit doesn't show negative scores on content)
They're only drawing a very small number of applicants for the first flights, but will open them up as they go along.
[Read this](https://www.reddit.com/r/Nerf/wiki/bot/blaster) If someone wants to run a nerf event, and they have to ask the land owners or whoever else is in charge of saying yes or no, there's a solid chance those people will Google around for places that shut events down, and places with problems with it. Google has this wonderful little feature of associating words and terms together based on how people *talk* about them online, and the further away we can get "nerf" from the other G word, the better. Also theres this whole thing of bringing yourself around to the right vocabulary without having to think it over. its at the point where i cant really go "nerf g-" without automatically stopping myself, which means i'm not gonna suddenly shout out "my gun is out of ammo" or something dumb like that across a school campus during a heated hvz game or something. Terminology alone ***has*** got events shut down before. Then accept that nobody cares what else you have to say about this because it's already been discussed ad nauseam and this is the consensus of nigh on everyone in the hobby except edgy kiddos.
The Ionfire has to be one of the most confusing design choices i've ever seen. it doesn't seem to have any *reason* to exist at all, yet people actually went through the whole designing, focus testing and brading processes for the thing.
A fairly common mod for nerf blasters is to replace the rails with picatinny rails and use airsoft gear on them. optics are useless except for aesthetics with them though.
what blaster even is that?
scratch that, it isn't an airsoft sight at all, it's a "thermal scope". actually more of a laser thermometer that just changes a colour if it detects a heat increase. http://www.blasterhub.com/2017/11/review-buzz-bee-thermal-hunter-15m/
it's not an airsoft sight, and definitely not $300. http://www.blasterhub.com/2017/11/review-buzz-bee-thermal-hunter-15m/
basically a cheap aperture sight with a thermal sensor on it. other than that it's a regular nerf alternative.
go to the post, change "reddit.com" in the url to "ceddit.com" while leaving the rest the same. it should change to "notabug" or something. Give it a minute or two, it digs around and displays deleted comments from the server as long as they were live for more than a couple of minutes.
It's actually terrifying. The company that built, filters and manipulates nearly the entire world's flow of information and public knowledge has created an ethic by which they want to use that data to build an irrational super intelligence, training it to ignore conclusions of raw data and try to create it's own context instead.
There's where it lies though, people support this kind of censorship because the idea of "people who disagree with me get banned and lose their voice *just for disagreeing with me*." Rational thought leads to that concept being abhorrent, but instead it's celebrated.
Specifications of the hardware.
when i was younger used a pen spring for a trigger spring in an old buzz bee, dunno if its viable for the recon mk2 though.
&gt;don't ask questions just consume product and then get excited for next product, YOU BIGOTS
Bunch of *seemingly* reliable statements and allegedly real leaked docs, and a few hidden camera interviews with google staff, showing at least some part of google thinks it's their responsibility to "prevent the next trump situation". Considering the control google has over public perception, this is a pretty big deal. And if google wasn't legally a "neutral platform" they'd have been strung up by antitrust law already. So what's come out now appears to prove what has been said for years, that google is biased and abusing their position to sway elections and other public matters.
I get the solid impression that google genuinely sent someone who doesn't know shit. And the reaction she shows is realising she's been set up to stand in front of some pretty fucking serious questions, even if she doesn't know the answers.
That's the point. make words mean nothing and then spin you on whatever they want. They found some of their enemies talking about something and being part of something, so they redefined what that something means until it lets them win future arguments.
&gt;linking wikipedia grow up child
This. very much this. I'm strongly hoping gears are turning and the committee actually WANT the answers, so will want to dig up someone who can answer more than "lol idk can i go now?"
They reckon it's too short notice for them to organise another front. They'd have done this a long time ago if the goal wasn't to have them disrupted at a key point in time.
Coolest thing was being able to use the Grizzly in SPV3.
&gt;anti-evil operations jesus fucking christ, this is some minitruth tier shit.
Yeah that's what I was getting at, I think I combined "deliberately" into genuine
Leave brim out of this, it's you and pink stirring the shit most of the time.
C O N T A I N M E N T B O A R D once we stop being a useful filter/magnet for this stuff, they won't be so friendly.
By going back to it.
Look who still hasn't taken the hint about their own reputation here.
&gt;I-i-i wasn't being dumb, it w-was sarcasm...
They bought Psyonix when the game had already been released and for sale for like 4 years. That's even worse than picking up a game a month before release after its gone gold, this game was already finished, and was in its 4th year of post-release support when they got bought. Are you trolling here, or do you genuinely somehow not understand the distinction here? If it's the latter, I worry for you.
Yes, they can. Once the game is on sale on Steam, they're free to generate whatever they want. They just can't do it before then.
Source specifically saying they can't generate keys after its on sale on Steam? I've seen that a few times but so far can't find mention of it, and that steams policy just prevents them generating keys during the period it isn't available for purchase.
Epic buying psyonix is.... Wait for it... A **PLATFORM** *Influencing* a **DEVELOPER**.
And I'm asking for a source that isn't Tim Sweeney, as in an actually reliable one.
The first wave is basically to test the distribution system (their method via steam), test performance on a range of hardware, test the new feedback system, and a few other things. Also checking into how the KB/M input feels and performs, but that'll probably be more focused on in a wider flight.
Yes, that is what Tim is trying to say. People here are calling him out on what smells like BS, yet there's still comments here like your one above seemingly backing up what he tweeted by saying it actually is the case.
Thanks for confirming you still don't understand, that's okay, we'll go more basic here. You seem to have made 2 false equivalencies there, but we'll aee. What game(s) were Campo Santo and/or Turtle Rock advertising, crowd funding, hyping or (in the case of rocket league) actively selling on *other PC platforms*, before being made exclusive to steam *after* being bought by valve?
The first games out will take the longest, firstly because the same teams are making reach for both the Xbox one and PC, and because they have to figure out a lot of stuff from scratch (regarding how the controls and PC experience works). They're also working on Halo CEA at the same time. The later games are just being worked on for PC because they're already on Xbone, and they can copy their work and feedback from the reach dev and flight feedback to work on the later games too.
I'm trying to address the topic, you keep trying to mis-represent the issue at hand in order to say "but valve did it too" even though you and i both know full well that's a fucking lie.
Because they had nothing to do with the development or the funding or the support of the game, Psyonix published and released it themselves. Epic came along after and bought them out with the express purpose of making it exclusive. They didn't fund the development, they didnt publish it, they weren't even there at the release window. Yes, if Epic bought them and Rocket League 2 *started* development as epic exclusive, it'd be annoying but actually understandable. But taking the existing game out to be an EGS strapon is scummy.
Is that why the [may devblog](https://www.halowaypoint.com/en-us/news/mcc-development-update-may-2019) was asking one developer questions about both platform's versions?
I'm 99.9% certain they'll tweet something out which will be immediately posted here, and picked up by the ~~bloggers~~ games *journalists* when they're sending out flight emails, rather than just sneakily hitting the send button and letting people maybe notice them.
For just a split second, i thought there'd be a "emails are now going out" note.
I don't think anyone would consider it incorrect for me to call these, and other movie license games that aren't being sold on a store front, abandonware. Other games, there's a chance of a remaster, but a movie rights holder isn't gonna waste time even considering doing it.
It does seem like a rather *large* gap in the story line to actively not have on the platform at all. I've not played 5 but I've overheard about the whole Cortana "not being so nice anymore" thing and it seems like that would be a huge gap between Halo 4 and Halo Infinite.
I get the impression that *that* was the goal, to get him to drop his guard to kill him.
there's no transferring of game ownership, the 360 version is its own thing, not connected to the MCC version. Also no transfer of save data, rank, xp or unlocks.
My mediator stock does the same thing. Push the thing really firmly together, and push the [little plastic tabs up](https://i.imgur.com/Jqn9bfC.png).
[Hmmm... 🤔](https://i.imgur.com/8UrCcBL.png) and i was talking about the 2nd interview, since i have an attention span of more than 12 seconds and actually read the latter half of it.
it is, it's even still orange and blue on the inside.
you gotta REALLY firmly push it.
Thanks for this, the page blocks out people who arent insiders but this paste is useful.
[found an oopsie](https://i.imgur.com/9vlb8ui.png) looks like a placeholder which they forgot to swap for an image.
They already answered a few of these. files in someone's MCC fileshare will be linked across both PC and Xbox One, and PC players will be able to play with existing custom maps, it's just we wont be able to create them on PC yet.
It uses them on Xbox one and has done for the last few years. They said this game would use the same infrastructure before.
They explained why the April target wasn't achievable in the dev blog. "Found work", it's called. They had a road map, a list of jobs, they had them under control and then they take a quick look at a function/feature that should just plug in and run, and open it up to find its entirely incompatible now and needs to be remade. "Opening a door to find a wall" sort of thing.
Xbox flights aren't around right now, they'll come later.
They're doing 2 different days, one where it's just maps and the other just game types, so you don't have to sacrifice game variant transfers for map space.
They *didn't* do flights. They *did need* to do flights.
That's 5 or 6 people. Not 5 sixths. YouTubers/streamers/community members have already been part of VIP insider testing for months, they've already had access to this stuff.
if the cube gained no momentum at all, it would have to be crushed upon exiting the blue portal. The back end of the cube "pushes" the front end relative to the entry portal. this remains by way of intertia, and once the orange portal stops moving, the momentum imparted on the forward end of the cube is inherent to the whole cube, relative to the exit portal. it's a violation of the written law of conservation of mass in the first place, the whole portal concept is, but for it to be option A and not move, you have to violate another law to say the cube magically loses all its momentum relative to the exit portal.
I almost feel like that would be a better use of my fileshare space - theres a *lot* of good stuff on there, with a bunch of great creators having dozens of quality maps, so maybe my fileshare slots would be better spent helping some creator on there ferry their stuff rather than a handful of whatever junk i scrabbled together or downloaded for customs back in the day.
Would maybe be cool for halo 3 seasons for that reason, because of the allegiance at the time of the game and being able to play as custom elites in any mode too.
Also remember that you'll still be able to earn points for previous seasons after they're over, so you can back-work it.
Please do notice, they literally explained the whole "we thought it'd be ready for testing in april" bit. "Found work" they called it, where they'd done a bunch of work on the game in some ways, only to find that other things that were working before need to also be adapted now, and more.
Nah, they were even mentioning halo 5 forge as an example of how they *don't* want the new mouse/keyboard functionality to be. H5F basically just remaps the xbox controller functions to key strokes, it's still interpreting the mouse as a thumbstick even with raw input turned on.
&gt;fuck pc no u
Very very nice. Now take the next step and sell the drum and darts seperately as a refill set, and they'll sell a ton.
3 before ODST is more a practical reason, it makes zero damn sense to work backwards on those when so much functionality and back end in ODST was tweaked up from H3.
Where did you "hear" this? When i see someone go "i heard they (negative thing)" they "heard" it from their own thoughts first, and just want to pass it off as a rumour.
hitscan (halo 2)- when you shoot, it instantly draws a line in a direction from the shooter, and the first thing the line crosses is instantly hit. projectile (halo 3)- when you fire, it spawns a "bullet" which moves very fast but not instantly. so if you're firing at someone across the map, it can miss because they moved out of the way from where you first aimed.
I mean that's false, i can look up right now people's videos playing halo 2 coop over live on the mcc.
Microsoft and it's subs (I think it's a policy of MS) avoid using the word beta for actual functional testing+feedback programs, since the word has become so mixed up now and is rarely used to mean anything except hype demos and multiplayer server load tests.
They didn't give it out to streamers and such, or there'd be big streams of it. there were like 10 people last night streaming it, tops, and the biggest of those were regularly pulling maybe a few hundred viewers in their normal streams. Youtubers/streamers/big competitive names in halo community already have been involved, they've been "VIP insiders" since about 6 months before they ever announced anything was even coming out.
there were a few last night, they'll be under "The Master Chief Collection" category rather than under "Halo Reach", most likely.
even a step before that, this was also a test of the selection system in the first place, as in making sure they can even pick people to invite.
Yes, it is. That's why i'm more excited for this than most of the new shooters shown at e3 this year.
technically you can just flip it over, stryfe lock switches are symmetrical. If you turn it around, the button is constantly pressed as if the door was closed. if you want to solder it, check out rewire guides i think?
And the PC version has the one where the trajectory is slightly adjusted, not the one that slows aim movements and slightly tracks targets once the crosshair goes over them.
Must be impressively ill considering you aren't even playing as him.
They explained this back in march. It's because they know full well a higher standard is expected for the forge functionality and controls on PC, so they're tackling reach, 2A and 3 forge at around the same time, a bit later on.
Now look at rarara for colluding too, trying to cover this shit up.
it's the other way around, socjus "support" (use) these guys.
hey, dunno if you're still here. [slippery slope done slipped.](https://twitter.com/PortlandPolice/status/1145106839618502656)
you mad bro? you seem pretty pissed about something, but idk what. They acknowledged what was wrong with h5f down to a T, they literally used it as a "what we don't want to do again" example. and H2A on the MCC is actually solid, the problems are in the classic graphics of HCEA.
[had a fun little exchange with someone just under a month ago about this stuff, in a post about British politicians getting assaulted with liquids](https://puu.sh/DMFcm/0761040438.jpg). names censored, please don't gulag me, mods. That one in the middle isn't any name, I fucked up typing the word "someone". I'm getting pretty fucking tired of telling people the future and getting called crazy before it happens a month later.
They haven't confirmed the presence of split screen on PC yet, they were apparently "surprised" by the amount of people who wanted it. They said during the may stream that it won't happen at launch but might well come along in an update.
No, the MCC should work on the "Scarlett" system natively, maybe they could drop in an even higher level "X enhanced". Not even through some backwards comp, it should just run like a regular game, since the new consoles are the same architecture as the current ones, just higher spec.
notabug/ceddit actually retrieves deleted comments after the fact.
That's what I was getting at. Whoever put up the "slippery slope fallacy" page is probably the most successful troll in the business. I explained every step in my logic there, it wasn't a slope, it was a clearly marked ladder. The only remaining "slip" to go between throwing milkshakes to throwing chemicals is *whether there exists an idiot who wants to harm their opponents, not just ridicule them*. Reality gave me an even bigger margin by making it happen on the other side of the Atlantic, against a journalist and protesters rather than against a politician.
You and I called it, btw. Reports of milkshakes with quick drying cement (highly caustic, destroys eyes and membranes like mouth and nostrils, pure mix can burn down to the bone) mixed in with milkshakes and thrown by ant.ifa at people in Portland yesterday. https://mobile.twitter.com/PortlandPolice/status/1145106839618502656?s=20 When the only remaining "slip" is whether one person wants to harm someone else over politics, slippery slope isn't a fallacy, it's a guarantee.
Was pretty much an inevitable thing. The pirated version still needs an MS account login though, so there might be a bunch of people banned for this. RIP to anyone dumb enough to use their current/old main LIVE account.
Anyone who's had to do *any* manual labour in their life is aware that shit is caustic. It just shows how sheltered and privileged these bloggers really are.
Make sure to emphasise it wasn't just an assault but a chemical attack too.
These people don't know it's caustic, they've never had to do a day of manual labour. They hear cement and think it's just sticky sand that might go hard.
oh, no, the cunts who put the shit into the drinks and handing it out? they're definitely aware 100%, probably read the Safety data sheets and all just to make sure they were using it ~~right~~ wrong. I'm talking about the bloggers tweeting about it.
even diluted with milk, a tiny amount of that shit will start causing physical damage in seconds if it gets into your eyes. and they were throwing it over people. quicklime is really nasty shit, especially when wet.
no, it isnt caustic when it's solid. it's one thing to brick someone, its another entirely to try to blind them with corrosives.
Well yeah. that's expected. some guy got their xbox account banned for with a cut-off date in the year 9999 for pirating and launching the halo 3 closed beta on a 360 while online once.
this isn't marketing. if this WAS for marketing, they'd have announced it first at e3 and be making this shit preorderable and stuff. it's not anyone elses fault you just incriminated your main live account by pirating a single level test build, you did that yourself after being warned.
This *is* for testing and data collection. they've got a huge list now of reported issues that need work done, and they've got a whole lot more data about how the input experience feels. you know what happens without flighting? remember how halo mcc first launched? how they ported the games from one xbox to another, using a nearly identical controller and similar networking system, yet still broke the game for three whole fucking years? If you want that again, you're actively wanting the games to be worse, in which case i ask you why you want to ruin the MCC's chances at being a good PC release?
https://halome.nu/ click the screen to change game menu edit: spicier version, interactive menus, has more music. http://halo.thefeeltra.in/
go take a look at how the MCC launched in 2014. take a look at forums from around that time, and tell me there's any way at all that can be considered successful and acceptable. it took 3 years to fix it. and they fixed it after insider flights. i'd rather get the "we fixed it" version rather than the "oops" version.
how many studios make a game collection that is 10 different in-house engines developed over 2 decades, plus a brand new unreal engine environment on top, without testing, while having to adapt games for keyboard when they have gamepad adaptations built into the physics, and pull it off fine with no testing?
"beta" doesn't mean battlefield multiplayer hype demo weekend. if you think it does, you've fallen for EA marketing. good jobbo
Microsoft haven't used the term "beta" for a long time, even for internal testing teams working for microsoft. beta implies its just a cut point of a fixed roadmap, not a data gathering and "work finding" exercise.
you say that like this started as gaming marketing https://insider.windows.com/en-gb/for-developers-app-insider-programs/ https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/windows-insider/flight-hub/ no, it was lifted from the aviation industry, like how a revised and re-engineered design for an aircraft goes on *test flights*
cool. and? what does that matter? call it whatever. its still functionally performing something that needs to be done. you're just salty you didn't get in on a test session made of one single level that they said a month ago would only be a tiny handful of people.
1- from the amount of clips going around of people being told to stop filming altercations, or straight up having their phones/cameras confiscated and switched off, i'm slightly inclined to think that maybe at least some of those "community members" might be downplaying such things. 3- yes, that's how numbers work. 10 grams of salt in a 0.3L cup of water is a stronger salt solution than 20 grams in a 1.0L bottle of water. Crime-rates are generally reported "per 1000 people" because then it actually allows to compare areas of different sizes and densities - for instance comparing a 6-block cordoned off area with a whole city minus a 6 block cordoned off area.
