I think based in the chain of events and the staff involved (NHS staff, social workers, police) that mental health issues is likely. I can say from experience it is a very unfortunate but very common issue particularly in acute hospitals. Not saying it is definitely the case, but I wouldn't be playing the blame game about it at the minute.
&gt; Honestly just imagine for one second one of Boris kids was involved in racially aggravated assaults, you honestly think the sub regulars here would be saying "well they ain't the PM" or "they ain't a politician" yeah right. Can't speak for other regulars, but no BoJo is not responsible for the arrest of his grown up children. I think people are justifying attacking Abbott here by saying it would definitely be OK for the other side of a Tory MPs child was doing it. Which maybe says something about them.
Attacking NHS staff and police though? People don't just run into hospitals and start rows.
&gt; I'd say the same against anti-circumcision protestors at a synagogue vigil or anti-iran ones at a mosque vigil. The precise detail isn't the point, the point is you're bringing up something irrelevant to the issue and that is (rightly or wrongly) associated with those attacking the group you're there to support. I think it's important to remove BDS from association with the Jewish people when it is clearly about Israeli state action, first of all. I'd agree that if it is unassociated to this protest, no reason to do it (I wouldn't have wore it for example). But I'm not going to speculate on the reasons they had a BDS badge or banner, and don't see it as anti-semitic. It's quite clear in this case "The Israeli Advocacy Group" want to make that the case.
Wearing a BDS badge is hardly a en masse demonstration is it, they look like they are just attending the vigil. They are not the ones rabble rousing in this video in case you hadn't noticed.
I wouldn't have explicitly worn it personally due to the optics, but them I don't the clips used exactly encapsulate the exchange. It's a complete storm in a tea cup to distract from the actual vigil.
No I agree with you in general. I agree it is not something that looks particularly good at a vigil, but to be fair it's one badge on a hat in a big crowd. It's hardly something to be getting incredibly woumd up by, particularly since it is not related to anti-Semitism. That's all I'm saying.
I haven't seen any other pictures, just this video of a fairly incendiary and accusatory group trying to break up and rabble rouse at the vigil. Share them if you have them.
And wear thumb rings.
There is something really toxic bubbling under the surface in British politics at the minute.
Yes Derry is part of the UK mate. Yes I'm sure about that.
It's the constant boogeyman some people under their bed at night. Like parrots that learned a new phrase and now use it all the time.
Aside from the passes, Ozil was closing down, chasing back, winning tackles, making defensive headers in his own box. Fantastic performance.
Ah yeah not shitting on AWB, I was more suggesting on today's performance if AWB is with 50m, it's amazing we got AMN through the academy
I don't think he owed one, unless we owed him one too. His fuck off response was to the fans booing him consecutive games, not all fans. For those people who think it's okay to boo the club captain coming off, I'm okay with him telling them to fuck off too.
I cringed pretty hard when I saw that in the ad
Yes mate, here you go: https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Britain
Yeah it is if you've ever heard of a 136. You maybe don't work in healthcare.
That's a huge loss
It's not a very good sign let's out it that way. I think it might be too early to tell, but I think a mad out of the box twist like that makes the final episode a bit more likely to be shite.
You talking about Iraq or Afghanistan? Because there was sizeable British involvement in both.
I'm questioning your statement that American did the last wars by themselves, when there was large British involvement in both those wars I mentioned. Can't see BoJo being at all interested in this one. I'd wager there was no advanced discussions with allies on this one. Has enough going on without getting involved in one of Trump's vanity projects.
Seems really important to you in this thread to say that pansexual is not a thing.
Such energy
They buy into it hard. Trump came in saying he would get a better deal with Iran, and now may be sending more troops into the middle east. His supporters will lap it up too
&gt; So, you don’t have any qualification in medicine, you cannot practice medicine. Not medicine, another clinical discipline. Again worked clinically and read journals all the time. &gt; yet you feel you can speak down to me Well yeah you got this right. From your responses so far I absolutely do feel this way. They are mad. &gt; The fact is that you need a good understanding of statistics and medicine to properly interpret medical articles, hence the reason peer review is undertaken by doctors and not quiet batpeople like yourself. I have advanced statistics from university thanks. Anything in this article in particular you take issue with? And doctors did undertake the peer review, hence why the study is appearing in the Lancet. Good grief. &gt; Your opinion can be dismissed out of hand. I'm flattered you think it's my opinion, but I can't take credit for the findings of the research.
&gt; And what about the lives of American servicemen and women this act has saved? Let's see how many lives this costs.
I think this team could be butchered with the number of absences. Murray in the second row that's a real baptism of fire!
You'll be downvoted, but I totally agree. That was utter shite after the first two episodes were good.
&gt; Episode 3 has ruined Dracula. They sherlocked it. Completely. Absolutely no reason to take it the direction it went. It became absolute nonsense.
Christ I just shuddered when you mentioned ATOS
Can I ask until how recently were ye on Windows XP? Like 18 months ago, like local trust?
Not only that but these services include family therapy. His family which he suggests was the problem would also be involved in the process and would have to address unhealthy attitudes they may have to gender.
&gt; What's your evidence for saying its bollocks? Because the treatment is evidence based, I can link you to the GIDS standards and WPATH if you need. Puberty blockers are used in conjunction with individual and family therapy, to alleviate the distress that is brought on by puberty. The claim that it makes gender issues worse is the claim that needs evidencing.
&gt; Why are you trying to advocate this to someone who clearly went through enough of it? And yes that's exactly what I said. I know multiple people who have been negatively affected by process. I'm also In contact with a person who has completed the process entirely, and their clit expands to the size of my thumb and gets erect when they're 'excited' or 'aroused'. Advocate what? You think I'm encouraging you to go to GIDS? It was a legitimate question, not many people would know someone who has gender dysphoria, or even someone who has been referred there, let alone has had a problem with the process. Not sure of the significance of that clitoris story either. &gt; This process is far from perfect or complete, I'm not sure why you're trying to advocate that, and you're literally discussing with me stuff on the internet, all of this in anecdotal, everything you said is anecdotal, this is a discussion on a website. Something I will forget about less than 10 seconds after I go do something else. I don't know you, I don't like you, I don't care about what you say, and it's all pretty much meaningless to me. Fantastic. I have no idea why you are being so bizarrely hostile, but after this I'm going to leave you to it. I have not tried to diagnose you, and I'm not advocating that the process is perfect, or that you should undergo it. But it is not just all anecdotal, there is an evidence base that exists outside this conversation by which treatment is delivered. Hence why I say the treatment is evidence based. GIDS are not just doing it off the hoof. &gt; Your use of language to me is either wrong or you have given away that you work in the sex change business or somewhere along the lines of health to do with trans, which would explain your huge bias. Never tried to hide my background. I have worked in mental health including CAMHS, that's why I use the language I do.
I don't mean to throw definitions at your family, I'm just saying within feminism it is a very minority view, largely because it is not trans people who are denying women those rights. In patriarchal societies they are very much an out group to the point they aren't even accepted to exist, and if they do they are perversions that deserve death. You can the that from even hatchet job you see about them in the papers, and this would be one of the more tolerant countries in the world. It is not trans men and women that are stopping the proliferation of feminine hygiene products. If it was the Daily Mail wouldn't let you forget it.
What you are asking for in a mental health context is very difficult to measure. What evidence is there that clinicians are reliable at picking up the symptoms of depression, or SAD, or any other mental illness or emotional distress. The one thing you can say is that clinicians are not going to force a young person on to hormone blockers they don't want.
Yes mate, have a look at Gillick and Fraser competence: https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Gillick_competence
&gt; As far as I know, based on their judgement alone, they're not, which is why things like the Beck Depression Index exist. Yes it wouldn't be based on judgement alone, but the same is true of young people going to the Tavi. They have psychological assessments as well. But those assessments are measuring something that is itself inherently unreliable. The reliability to assess something that is already subjective without the reliability test also being subjective is incredibly difficult. Hence we have to look at broader measures: patient satisfaction, health outcomes etc. &gt; Ok, but isn't the standard we want higher: that they will also spot if a (pre-adult) patient wants hormone blockers, but isn't genuinely gender dysphoric? I mean the process of getting to the point of even being seen is near two years, never mind getting on to hormone blockers which you need to have been seen for a certain amount of time to access (I think it's 12 months). After that you'd need to have continuous individual therapy and family therapy alongside your hormone blockers, which from your first meeting includes a cadre of different physical and mental health professionals constantly monitoring your progress. Anyone doing it as you suggest without gender dysphoria would need to not only need to be hugely committed for years but also able to convince their family and a battalion of specialists. It would be easier to get on to the international space station.
Yes but apparently, at least in this thread, you are dangerous.
&gt; it would appear that people who were bullying gay people 15 years ago have now moved onto bullying trans people That's it mate, nail on the head. It has become unacceptable to be aggressively homophobic, so the hate had to move somewhere else. Even if trans rights are supported, melted hams like Rod Liddle will still be frothing at the mouth. Says more about them than it does about the trans community.
Yeah you can never reference Hitler because it too obviously proves your point
His sabre rattling has been detrimental to the peace process there. To pretend otherwise is idiotic.
It's not about what a direct war. You don't see Iran as being able to react as a guerilla force?
Can you give a legal example where the guardian (parent or otherwise) lost legal responsibility and the decision passed to someone other than the child? I dont mean this rudely, but not sure what point you are making
Agreed, so maybe you shouldn't bomb them in the first place like you own the globe.
Can see why Leeds are on a title push very well organised and put on fantastic pressure in the first half.
This is becoming a crisis now along with the Carbery news: potentially no Sexton and Carbery leaves basically only Bryne, Burns, and Carty. After that we are talking lads with a handful of pro 14 caps, and out of them even JJ and Fitzgerald are out.
He qualified now?
SOB is still an abrasive and energetic backrow, currently had a bad run with injuries (who hasn't). Will hopefully be able to get back up to speed, only signed an extension there in November.
Gonna be like Supermarket Sweep
Is Ronan Kelleher injured or just not in the squad for this one?
Player three has entered the game
That floor doesn't look regulation, would give you much grip if you are lower!
Ozil looked completely lost under Emery, if he can keep up the form of the last two games he could become an actual asset again.
I think that's still leaves them some way short in terms of the full development, suppose some can come from the club, greyhound racing crowd, and private investment, but it would be a sizeable enough chunk!
Ah good stuff, full steam ahead then! Great to see it being redeveloped!
Money and analysis cannot predict the future. &gt; Can’t you think of a player recently who got frozen out in a loan spell who actually made it here? Well this club is not the only example wher it is possible that a player go in to make it, but aside from the Gnabry example, off the top of my head both Bellerin and Gibbs had fairly uninspired loan cameos before they went on to make triple figures in appearances for the club. That neglects anyone else who's loan didn't inspire and they made it elsewhere.
Yeah I agree
The song you are talking about is about the old IRA from the Irish War of Independence. It's not about as the IRA that were active during the troubles. It's really disingenuous to pretend they are the same thing.
Nah you are right that is fairly central, not where id expect to see a Millwall pub. I think they claim a lot of the watering holes around London Bridge on match days.
I wouldn't say that, I think a lot of his leanings in psychology are towards Jungian Psychoanalysis, which isn't exactly at the forefront of research psych.
Yeah fair enough it wasn't a great interview. Realistically it was as much Peterson's fault as it was the interviewer, because when asked to clarify some of his weird statements about gender politics and lobsters, he gives these verbose but really vague nothing answers.
On similar timescales that would have you joining the EU in 2070
Oh for fucks sake. It's not bootlicking to think he should turn up to the meetings of committees he was on. Particularly when he then whinges about policy in relation to those topics up and down the country.
Yeah poor misunderstood Arron Banks. Can't she just leave him in peace to do his shady business?
TIL some people think she should just be a royal incubator and wife rather than have any pursuits of her own.
Secure the lineout
I think of he keeps plugging away he will get his shot, especially with the injury profile of Farrell and Henshaw.
Yeah I totally agree it could be a familiar face being picked. I don't think it's that he is definitely not in, I'd say he is next in line, but he can definitely feel hard done by. Hope he doesn't let the head drop and keeps plugging away, because he offers something as a package that none of the others do as well.
You know what's weird? The one time he ever got his chance proper, Vs England at Twickenham years ago, I thought him and Henshaw were class. But he was immediately dropped next game!
And hitting rucks hard as well, adding a bit of venom to his game in attack and defense which I always thought was a bit missing from someone his size
&gt; Biggest surprise is Herring and Kelleher as the only two hookers What about Heffernan, you mention him later on!
&gt; There isn't systematic inequality When there is disparity across race in the system then there quite clearly is, the question is why are those reasons significantly different across race ie more like to plead guilty, more likely to receive longer sentences.
Near every single research conclusion published says the findings should not be considered conclusive. It isn't remotely controversial to add that statement, neither does it dismiss the findings.
Yep, last time I was speaking to some of the trust they were setting new ED attendance records every new day. I don't know if the new ED there is finished but last time I saw it part way through the redevelopment it was tiny.
That were diabolical!
Dan Hannan might have more credibility to be believed if he didn't so frequently lie through his hoop.
Haha. It's pretty apt to have a lad trying to look as much like a cockney gangster as possible, bdcuase that's how shady betting companies are.
&gt; The mafia loves this comment. The number of people who would illegally gamble in this way is magnitudes less than having multiple bookies in every single village and town, and every couple of doors in metropolitan areas. And if you know the history of where lotteries and bookmaking comes from, then we probably agree they are just legalised versions of gangsters games. &gt; Other than the personal freedom you just mentioned. We restrict access to loads of things that are detrimental to society. As I said personal freedom is great, but it is not an argument for you to be able to spaff you life savings on one horse or buy cocaine at aldi. I'd restrict the living fuck out of their shady practice.
&gt; People who want drugs find a way to get them, and gambling addicts will also find a way to get their fix. By opening the market we have created thousands more gambling addicts than the illegal bookies ever could. It's pure saturated, there is a bookies every five doors on some streets here. &gt; Go look up the stats on illegal gambling in the US; it is very common. Authorities estimate thousands of illegal gambling dens in NYC alone. And they’re all run by criminal organizations. Imagine what that would be if near every single bar and offie in NYC was a Paddy Power or a Coral. The big difference there is the Mafia don't also run the gambling addicts support services presumably. &gt; Prohibition does not work, never has and never will. There was a life before a bookies every twenty yards here and online mate. Prohibition and regulation works for limiting the number of addicts for plenty of things: prescription of medications, limits on payday loans, access to drug replacement.
I didn't know you literally meant "you could see what we had become". Incredible insight.
I don't disagree with the suggestion that it has to do with the death of the high street. I would say that the Gambling Commission puts the number of problem gamblers, or at risk, at about 2 million. That is not an insignificant public health issue. And I'd be surprised if the areas with problem gamblers do not have a higher concentration of betting shops. &gt; Maybe they're missing out on a potential growth opportunity here. Ha agreed. Well apparently the betting companies have beat them to it. "Want to kick the gambling? Come to the local Labrokes for the gambling anonymous meeting" &gt; Regulation, sure. But prohibition means cutting off access through legal channels, and the distinct lack of victories in the various wars on vices stretching back for over a century are strong evidence that not only are they ineffective but they are counterproductive. Yeah I think my personal preference for those companies to become extinct is not realistic. I just consider them near the most parasitic legal enterprises possible, and would have no sympathy for them were that the case. Fuck them. More realistically I've said elsewhere I would love to see a properly toothed anti-gambling public awareness campaign and stricter significant regulation around activity and losses.
&gt; I can't help but feel that the best way to curb unhealthy behaviours in a population is through education and public awareness campaigns as you suggest. Look at the meteoric drop in the number of smokers and the success of campaigns to improve recycling. See smoking not only came with education and public awareness (which I absolutely agree are important), they have had massive curbs on on their ability to advertise, where you can smoke, and increased pricing.
Does yer man Bruno have a Euro passport?
I think you can't stamp it out entirely. But it's definitely possible to significantly reduce the cases of neglect and abuse, and where those continue to happen, penalise and prosecute.
There have been transgender people sexually assaulted in prisons in the UK after being forced to prisons that were not their preferred gender. There were a few cases brought last year about it I believe. I think someone stating they are transgender the day before the prison is chosen would be iffy. Someone who has been transitioned or in the process of transitioning for years, there is no reason not to send them to the prison of their gender.
There already are transgender women in women's prisons. HMP Downview actually has a transgender wing.
&gt; There are loads of men in prison that are at risk of sexual assault but that doesn’t mean that it is sensible to dump them in a woman’s prison. Self identification is a terrible way of doing stuff and it means that certain prisoners will find it easier to manipulate the system. There is a reason why prisons are segregated. It is not about validation but rather that male and female prisoners have different requirements They cases reported were transgender inmates who were living their lives as women prior to committing any crime before forced on to a male prison. For all intents and purposes considering them men in that case is insane, and basically condemning them to violence. If you acknowledge that's why prisons are segregated and accept they have different requirements, then you'd have to agree transwomen can not be safe on a men's ward. And this has been borne out by the cases so far. &gt; With males being overwhelming represented in violent crime statistics and sexual assault even more so. We have already seen with the likes of Karen White, the consequences of such a policy. Where this individual who is a biological male was transferred to a female prison and raped 4 of the inmates. Yeah I would not gloss over the Karen White issue at all, but you yourself are then applying a bit of a double standard when your first statement above says "There are loads of men in prison that are at risk of sexual assault". Both men and women at risk deserve the safest most risk free enviroment. For the vast majority trans women are in womens prisons to absolutely no event, even unknown to other prisoners. I think given instances like Karen White and the same happening to transwomen in male prisons, the HMP Downview solution of a segregated unit in a women's prison makes sense. It acknowledges the legal status of the transpeople people as women while also addressing some of the concerns.
You are dead right. It's completely bad faith. Fuck them, move on.
Yale Study from last year in Sweden and publish in the American Journal of Psychiatry: https://ajp.psychiatryonline.org/doi/10.1176/appi.ajp.2019.19010080
Haha thanks I was going to come in and call him a complete moron, you've said it way better.
Eh? Judges factor previous behaviour into sentencing all the time.
Man is crying the blues for Neo Nazis character factoring into sentencing. Is he for real?
They are already unified, that is not what's going to unify the rest of the country.
Yeah we should abuse EU citizens more. Oh wait that's me.
The have won a majority in parliament and are still whinging about remoaners. Suppose it's a consequence of having no identity of their own.
&gt; How do you combat the quick drug money though? Smart and effective policing I think, but I'd know less about what that should look like. I'd start with community engagement and visibility, and targeting crime structures rather than street level busts. &gt; The problem is role models - in those communities a lot of the role models are all criminals, rappers for example whom have a criminal past. The culture needs to change, it's one where the endgame is showing zero respect for other people and commanding respect from everyone. That results in death or prison. Eh I don't know if that's the case. Poverty wherever it is, regardless of music, is constricting and permeated by crime. Rappers are role models from these places in the same way sports stars are, because it is one of the few ways out. And that extraordinary means are the only way out I think is more of a fundamental issue.
Who wants to bet this lad has angrily posted about Greta Thunberg in the past?
What even is the story?
Thanks for clarifying mate, that's really helpful. Honestly I'd heard all this but the way some people are going on I thought I'd missed something in the story. The press seem to love doing hatchet jobs on them.
Sargon of Akkad is an unflushable turd for this subreddit. I've seen him claim that women's involvement in politics is causing the downfall of western society. The guy is a halfwit. Some very quick refutations of his nonsense: https://youtu.be/l9E2iEi6vMY
Yeah it's insane. Completely different approaches, it was chalk and cheese in Northern Ireland and the NHS
&gt; "If the man says feck, shoot him in the neck" Haha never heard that before, I like it. And yeah was just saying to another poster, I should have mentioned Major too there. Was under him that the IRA were brought into peace discussions (albeit when John Hume was doing it a year earlier, Major was calling him shameful in the HoC!)
What is people's issue with her? Genuinely don't know. Some peoe see to unduly loathe her.
Mate for fucks sake come on. What racism you can say the average white person has experienced here is utterly miniscule to what people of colour experience in the UK. To pretend someone can reasonably conclude there is no issue with racism in this country, contrary to the experience of people of colour in this country, is fucking ridiculous. Why would you even defend it.
The answer is yes. Utterly yes.
Ha I know mate I was joking :)
Yeah I'd say there is a bit of racism, but non-conformity I'd say hits the nail on the head.
Think he is up to it at international level? Feels so thread bare there.
I don't know what to do with this information!
That call was later than my grandmother. She died in 92.
&gt; Except look at Aldo, and Eddie and Mendes after their Conor fights. Non of them have been near top of their division. For fuck sake there are two championship fights in there.
Haha that's amazing.
Fuck your allegedly Peter Hitchens ya gasbag. Military chevrons are not a licence to shoot unarmed civilians. People like Soldier F should absolutely have their day in court. Be great if he cared as much for the families of those that were shot as he does for the soldiers that did the firing. Edit: also I imagine it is not accidental he is posting this as we come up to the anniversary of Bloody Sunday.
Paramilitaries are still being prosecuted in the same way. Soldiers should be held to account for the crimes they committed.
The paramilitaries are being prosecuted. Of the 1,118 legacy investigations 530 relate to republicans: https://www.bbc.co.uk/news/uk-northern-ireland-44054424 James Downey, who Hitchens mentions in his article, is currently on trial for the 82 Hyde Park Bombing like: https://m.belfasttelegraph.co.uk/news/northern-ireland/alleged-ira-bomber-john-downey-denied-bail-for-second-time-38767240.html It is a ridiculous myth that it is just soldiers being prosecuted.
To be fair there were next to no soldiers convicted for the crimes committed in NI. From the Pat Finucane Centre: "Four soldiers have been convicted of shooting civilians while on duty in circumstances where the courts ruled they were guilty of murder (one murder conviction was overturned on appeal). All four were freed after just five years of their life sentences through the use of the “Royal Prerogative of Mercy”. All were allowed to re-join the British army."
Yeah sorry I meant can, stupid auto correct.
I think they were borrowing quite heavily anyway to recover healthcare from lack of investment in the 80s. I think also the truth is they agreed to some awful borrowing terms
Yep, and should also be noted some people will have been discriminated against without feeling or knowing that was the case.
&gt; i'm not 100% sure who Mark is Try to keep it that way for as long as you can!
I think the anti woke crowd are much much worse. They view any challenge about improving equality in this country as something to attack. And for the most part I think they are pretty obviously dishonest. There is not maybe people espousing that view that I think represent themselves very well. From the old standard issue bigots like Rod Liddle to the alt-right adjacent Sargons or Paul Joseph Watsons, they come across like bloated gasbags whinging about indentity politics from a position of near absolute security.
Same as meself, typically look in around 6Ns because I'm digesting as much rugby content as possible. Used to use Boards and that has the same problem, flame wars between the same five lads after near every match.
Which is going to be the method of leaving, they are now one and the same for all practical purposes.
&gt; Did we learn nothing from the refugee crisis? What specifically could be applied to the UK, we took fuck all in. Despite being completely involved in the destabilisation of Libya, Iraq, Afghanistan and Syria, when people flee those wars we put our hands up and say "Oh not our problem."
The above poster is pointing out the definition of deminished responsibility and how it is applied, not self-defence.
See you present this completely differently. Your initial heading and whole post suggest the problem is women's organisations using this claim. If you have the problem with the whole law you need to clarify that, because diminished responsibility has certainly been used by men to justify their state of mind in legal cases.
&gt; We both know men in the same situation wouldn’t be freed. Diminished responsibility” is an absurd concept that only seems applied to female rather than male spousal killers. I'd have near to no doubt I can give examples where a man has been charged with manslaughter on grounds diminished responsibility rather than murder for killing their wife. Saying it only applies to women based off three cases is absurd. I've pointed out to you how utterly lopsided the CJS is when it comes to charging and prosecution domestic violence and spousal murder of women compared to men. It is not even close.
Ah mate I had a Peugeot for years if was a great little car.
5 years?! No way, surely not.
That's himself yep. Incidentally his girlfriend said racist things about Meghan Markle, which could be informative for Laurence Fox. He was carrying a briefcase and it was very evident to everyone that it only contained an apple core like Lionel Hutz.
I suppose it is worth finding a substitute or qualifier if it helped the conversation, but to be honest I think privilege was a fairly benign term. I think the term became loaded by those trying to insinuate it meant they were under attack, more so than by those trying to discuss it. And since the manipulators tend to buy ink by the barrel, they can generate a lot of outrage in the public. This has plenty of history for terms that are loaded by people becoming defensive behind them, because it happens to be an effective way of avoiding discussion of the concerns being raised: sexism, feminism, political correctness, discrimination, civil rights, equality etc.
Ah sorry I was also speaking to someone else about Piers Morgans view on this. To be fair I think either him or Laurence Fox claiming persecution is a bit ridiculous. He went straight to crying foul.
You maybe missed his now deleted comments below or are unfamiliar with the poster. I wouldn't die on that particular hill.
Ha come on mate you can't have that level of hypocrisy with your username. I agree most people on the political spectrum are decent, but last time out UKIP cuddled up to Tommy Robinsons gang of football hooligans who went round the country starting brawls and threatening people. Nigel Farage would cross the road to avoid them now.
Evidence based practice mate. It is not as if they are just thrown on to puberty blockers. The decision is made as part of an MDT of mental and psychical health professionals after months (often years) of individual and family therapy. The best interest decision is made on the basis that the onset of puberty will be too distressing enough to lead to incredibly risky sometimes suicidal behaviour. You can get more information here: https://gids.nhs.uk/about-us
As in puberty will have happened you mean? May as well be giving contraceptive pills to 80 year olds.
&gt; The crux Im always getting at is what can be tangibly done to make changes to this? And I posit, at this current point in time, the answer is pretty much nothing. As a start lets have the conversation without lads like Fox or Morgan shouting it down? We have plenty of laws in place but that doesn't mean that societal and systemic issue don't still exist. You can say it only feels that way, but the same applies to people who feel victimised by the use of the word "privilege". No one is saying it can be litigated entirely, but we need to be able to have the conversation about where it still exists. As an example, I inspect hospitals and acute care for a living, and we recently came across an ambulance service that wouldn't pick up certain ethnicities. I've been in countless taxis where lads have started rants about different ethnicities before I suggested I'm not the person to have this conversation with. We need to admit that it can bubble under the service and that some of us are insulated from it without lads throwing their toys out the pram that their assertion dare be challenged.
Yeah it feels like a death rattle. They may get traction in dark incely corners of the internet, but the Sargons of this world get short shrift when they are exposed to the light.
&gt; It's why Brexit is happening, why Trump won, and why Johnson won Much more complex and nebulous issues at play in those cases obviously. Here we are talking about those morons who cry about how racist it is that they can't confidently assert racism doesn't exist in the UK, or the incel weirdos who whinge about feminism in cartoons and Magic:The Gathering. When those types get too much exposure they crash and burn. In the two examples above they end up saying something idiotic about the Sikhs, or getting laughed off the stage as a UKIP candidate.
Yep, absolutely. And not only will you being required to go through the referral, assessment and individual and family psychological therapy before (which takes years), you will only be able to continue on them as long as you continue to engage in continuous mental and physical health monitoring . Here is the exact words on the services website: "The blocker allows the young person time to consider their options and to continue to explore their developing gender identity before making decisions about irreversible forms of treatment. We are therefore only able to offer the blocker if the young person continues to meet with us for ongoing psychological exploration and support, as well as attending appointments with our doctors and clinical nurse specialists." https://gids.nhs.uk/puberty-and-physical-intervention
The quote was evidencing the second part of the statement I made. There is no, as far as I'm aware, minimum time limit that you need to have been going through the service, as the assessment period varies for everyone. But we are talking years from first referral. The waiting list alone at the minute is 18 months +. That's before you get into the assessment period which requires extended individual and family therapy before referral to an endocrinologist. You can't just be dropped on to them.
Plenty of course, perhaps in this case as well. But I've yet to see what the correct circumstances are without someone wanting to reframe it in terms of what the Jewish people have had to endure. In terms of what the Israel state is doing to the Palestinian people it seems like a constant deflect.
Source of publication matters, the New Atlantis has a colossal unignorable slant that scientific journals do not have. Their purpose is not publication research but to lend fake credibility to palatable points of view. I shed no tears for New Atlantis being accused of bias when it is so clearly and ridiculously biased.
Any suggestions what he did?
Or round towers!
Will at least one of ye drop the shoulder
Yeah those three. Not sure what you expect them to do but turn to armed conflict, when they turned out in protest last year, they [were shooting civilians as they ran](https://www.theguardian.com/world/ng-interactive/2019/mar/29/a-year-of-bloodshed-at-gaza-border-protests). They are in an open air prison which they are not allowed to leave.
I'm one step removed from a neo nazi? Lol. Criticising Israel state action, which has nothing to do with ethnicity or the religion of Israel, does not make you anti-semitic. What is happening in Gaza is brutal.
Yeah because that allows you to remove any element of persecution from the term and make it be about near anything.
&gt; Also go to Dough Bros Pizza. You will never have better I'm an Apache man. I know its a chain but sweet lord its great.
&gt; It's your openly expressed antisemitism that makes you criticise Israel. Want to point me to that? I have consistently said this has nothing to do with the majority ethnicity or religion of Israel. &gt; that an international conspiracy of 'Jews' use false allegations of antisemitism for a secret, nefarious purpose That's very different to the Israeli state claiming it to deflect from actions taken against palestinians. It's not a conspiracy, it's a state, and there is nothing secret about it. For example, when Ireland in the past have taken action to recognise Palestinian rights, including over illegal settlements, it has been immediately called anti-Semitic by the Israeli government: https://www.irishtimes.com/opinion/deep-empathy-of-irish-for-palestinians-is-in-no-way-anti-semitic-1.3780678?mode=amp
But I think him confidently asserting that when we have examples of how that is not the case is the problem. Which means either his is uninformed or he is blinkered.
I love one of the comments on the article is "Ulster says ON!"
I'd say we are looking at Henshaw, him and Ringtone as a partnership have been great since the world cup (even if Henshaw hasn't been lighting it up the same way Ringrose has). But honestly I'd be happy with any of the 12s in the squad.
Every so often I'll go back and watch Fez return after a long injury and his first hit. Warms my heart: https://youtu.be/ry8PZINojgo I know also this isn't wasted potential in terms of injury or attitude, and was a much much bigger tragedy outside of rugby, but Nevin Spence was an absolutely fantastic talent.
Is there anyway we can crowd fund him shutting the fuck up?
Come on ref that's not realising after the tackle!
Come on some of her songs are bangers
Boris was no better for rents. It would be moronic to suggest otherwise. I've lived here for ten years.
If we could have kept him suspended on the wire then yes
Poch job was to get the best out of Spurs, not advance Kyle Walker-Peters career.
Jeez no need to go in two footed on Besiktas there mate.
Don't know about racist, but Brendan is definitely a weird misogynist.
The British public also showed they were sick of this gasbag when they laughed him out of the MEP elections. He can go back to whinging about "woke culture" in cartoons to the fanfare of halfwits.
Gaza is very important to some people, not so much to the US and Israel who are happy to reduce it to ash and blame Hamas &gt; Israel has been terrorized since it was formed, always attacked by its own neighbors. I wonder why they might defend themselves. And that legitimises them terrorising Palestine how?
&gt; Defending yourself isn't terrorism Then why in the fuck wouldn't you apply that to Gaza. Again, and you should know this, it's been brutalised since before Hamas ever existed.
Like the link I just showed, how can a hospital not be in the vicinity of a qassam rocket site, they cant pick up and move. Israel can't just bomb the hospital of hundreds of sick people hoping the rubble falls on two lads with the rocket launcher. &gt; Imagine if the IRA were launching rockets at British cities, and we were forbidden from trying to stop them. And the British and Irish both knew there were IRA men with explosives in Belfast and Derry, they didn't bomb the Falls Road and Bogside. Because that would be barbaric, as well as idiotic
&gt; Their government could not set up rocket launch sites next to hospitals perhaps? Again, Israel could not bomb hospitals. Because it isn't stopping the rockets. &gt; So what is Israel allowed to do in your book? Are they just meant to sit there and take it as Hamas rains rockets on civilian targets and sends suicide bombers against them? Go back to the peace process and negotiation. The rockets only started being fired after the start of the Second Intifada. Israel have killed magnitudes more than the rockets have. You seem more than willing to accept that Israel is justified in attacking Gaza including their hospitals, but don't seem to understand why rockets are being fired then.
I think that's why the got Joe to do the recent Rory Best interview. Someone like Ger would have made an absolute haimes of it.
Jesus. Are we sure he isn't smuggling a Terry's chocolate Orange in his throat pouch?
&gt; Bottom line: Ireland will play 10 man rugby and kill us. They know they've got our forwards and there's no way they'll let the back three play I'd be very disappointed not this were the case. Ireland really should be looking to start the right way, and against a weakened Scotland side we shouldn't be looking to just go one out carriers until they are ground down. There is opportunity here to instil a bit of that Leinster play from the get go.
May need to be nationalised
Also starting on the wing over one of the best young wingers in World Rugby!
It's a bit weird for the Tories to seize traditional halting sites for travellers in the 80s and then enact legislation against them for illegal halting and try to confiscate their property. Make your fucking mind up like.
I've said elsewhere in the thread, but the Tories confiscated and closed loads of their halting sites in the 80s. So what exactly were the Tories expecting. Reap what you myopically sow. Persecuting travellers again is not going to be the solution to the problem.
&gt; They're free to stop doing it then. They really aren't. You think travellers get a fixed home they stop being travellers to the settled community? Nope, once a traveller always a traveller. Look at some of the things that will be said every time in these threads. Aside from the fact that it's tough to drop your culture altogether and move into another, people will loathe you before you even move in. &gt; Taxpayers and landowners shouldn't be forced to subsidize their lifestyle choices Taxpayers weren't too fussed when their old halting sites were taken, but hey ho. The only subsidisation would be address the issue a former government created in the first place.
&gt; Did they own those sites? I couldn't say about ownership, but they had been using them for hundred of years and the government closed them with the Caravans Act 1968. Over the next two decades 2/3s of the traditional sites were closed. &gt; I would suggest you are in a tiny minority in believing they are predominantly benign. Opt out of society, don't expect any favours from it. I wouldn't say predominantly benign per say, the community as I say certainly has problems (some that I'd raise that others probably wouldn't). But the issue is bigger than they are tax dodging criminal scum, which seems to be the refrain from people that froth at the mouth over the idea of travellers with very little exposure to them. I also say it's wrong to say they opted out of society. They have been on the road for hundreds of years, the fixed abode and current societal system grew around them. Some times (as with confiscating their halting sites) at their expense.
The Wind that Shakes the Barley too
Come on mate, you should really link to the evidence if you are going to make claims like that..
It's not even that mate, it's more explicitly about what they army have done in Derry.
"Ugh can't you be quieter while we brutalise you?"
Latent? Racism has had its dick out in the town square for the last three years
Yeah there is a High Level Infection Unit at the Royal Free Hospital in North London. That's where the ebola cases went
It's the right wing media trying to export it here as much as anyone else. Then they can be outraged about it.
I work in healthcare reg mate, you can't pull that shite with me. Try the blue passport angle
Haha fair point, but as you mention the trade is the key. Like if from that tenner you spent at least some, if not more, on my Etsy store
Err afraid not so much mate: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Anglican_Communion_sexual_abuse_cases#Church_of_England https://www.theguardian.com/world/2019/jun/19/church-of-england-reveals-50-rise-in-abuse-claims-and-concerns
Future Irish 10?
What's happening with Freddie? This England Squad looks spectacular by the way, mad that no Chiefs can even make it into the 23. Can see 0ast England winning.
Ah mate, I'd be all for it. But the cry for the last few years is you can't call Brexiteers old, thick, or bigots. They get very upset. I think they want to dish it but play the victim at same time. Sure yeah as you say, kind of a moot point now.
Why in the fuck was this this young fella arrested: https://v.redd.it/qas8e7ng39251 Parts of America are fascist shitholes.
&gt; It's the fact that there's so much worse injustice but that's not quite the right kind of injustice. Right so after yet another black man is policed to death, we should be talking about the Uyghurs because that is to some people much worse? This line of think just discourages any type of direct action.
Sorry I've touched a nerve there. You'd probably forgotten you had any.
He is not remotely antagonising them or a threat. It's idiotic to get three big lads to arrest him and cuff him on the ground. The couldn't have made his point any better for him.
"This is why we voted to leave" is commented on everything from Farage stubbing his toe to EU legislation on stopping SUVs from rolling over when turning corners. Piss moan repeat.
It does say that private owners can have them removed, but that is not the reason that was given by police in the article. The reason was not a permit for assembly which is outlined in the guidance above in the first paragraph
Sorry but why should the Tories release a report that likely shows how in bed with Russian money they are? That could be really detrimental if the party had any integrity.
Can't stay out of the papers this lad.
People can obviously have specific interests and areas of concern without it being superficial. I'd admonish companies for getting involved for commercial reasons, but pretending you can have no cause unless you have all causes all the time is absurd. People need to believe this is vacuous and vain because it challenges them not caring.
Single handedly generating a news cycle.
&gt; I don't think it is. I think that a lot of people struggle to understand other people's beliefs and that leads to believing that they're insincere in them. For example, right wing people dismiss left wing people's arguments as virtue signalling and remainers dismiss leavers as ignorant or racist. I think that's a fair point. I'm sure in the past I will myself have consciously and subconsciously misrepresented views that were not my own. &gt; In all honesty, I think I have a problem understanding these people's concerns since in my opinion a lot of these people that get killed resisted arrest. I can't get past the fact that if they'd just complied with the police then they'd probably be ok. So firstly I don't necessarily blame the police and secondly it just seems so fashionable like we spoke about before. I'd like to think if I was being arrested, even if I was resisting for whatever reasons, that the police would not treat you like an animal or expendable. Particularly recognising your need to breathe. I know id be resisting if I was being suffocated &gt; I did like your point about criticism of protest being more superficial since it requires no investment for the feeling of superiority, to be honest. I hadn't thought of it that way but there's something to that. Good talk, enjoy your evening.
I had just moved to London, living in Dalston. Nipped out to get cigarettes, and while waiting at the crossing an unmarked police car screech to a halt in the middle of the cross and shouted to people "get out of the streets!!". About two minutes later from the direction they were travelling, a horde of rioters came up armed with bits of wood and pipe etc. The Turkish shop and restaurant owners were all out on kingsland road armed with cricket bats, and had formed a line to stop the rioters going their direction. So they turned down towards the shopping centre and broke into a few places. Not long after about two vans worth of police arrived and cordoned off the area, and I went home. It was pretty fucking insane.
Christ that is insane. Honestly can't see it getting better overnight after Trump's speech
My sister lives UWS, and said now there is gatherings around Times Square and Columbus Circle. I'd expect maybe around Trump Tower as well.
It is just obscured from view by the child's legs.
Very little about the police actions have been lawful or orderly. Is been chaotic from top to bottom, and leadership from the POTUS down as been farcical.
Doesn't look like it hit anyone
&gt; At that time he said nothing about the credibility of the cause of the protesters. Because he is conflating them with all looters. Seriously if you can't see the hypocrisy in the way he has spoken about these two events then you might be trying not to see it.
He had a "remoaner countdown list" and lost count, so did No.5 twice 😂 Not the sharpest tool in the shed
So if you want to have a an inscription of love from your family in your native language, you have to be off consecrated ground? It says "in our hearts forever", not "Up the RA"
The fuck has Tony Blair got to do with it.
Royal Academy of Arts? Sure. Of Engineering? Scum.
&gt; It's a permanent problem that's here forever as it is engrained in the human psyche. Eh? People are not innately racist as far as I'm aware. Neither does individual racism need to be systemic.
By "defined by your anglophobia" you mean "founded by winning a war against the British Empire"? The UK will of course feature heavily in Irish history because, well, not many other countries have had a go at us. But I'll take that definition over some of the dark shit that defines the UK tbh. And in the modern day I'd say Ireland is more defined by our lapsed catholicism, earnest yet technically poor footballers, a broad diaspora, quality beef, Saoirse Ronan, and commercial stouts.
Partly I'm sure because of larger international events taking priority. But also in part because it is a bloody ridiculous idea.
&gt; This is is a year where very few voters will hold politcians to promises made a 6 months ago. Generally I'd agree on most promises, although I'd say there wont be much leeway around Brexit deadlines. Either way I think this bridge idea dies on the vine
You don't want high sided lorries cast into the sea to please Poseidon?
For real, work on the infrastructure within Northern Ireland before a vanity bridge.
&gt; Lazy guy. I will always remember his lazy walk/run back from midfield which allowed teams to run through the middle and score. I remember seeing him against Huddersfield in the cup at the Emirates. He pulled up with the ball at his feet as if he was injured, and rather than put the ball out for a throw in he let it roll out for a corner. He was then back up and running fine 30 seconds later. It was atrocious.
That will be demonstrable if that is the case. We know from previous BLM protests everytime another black person is killed by police brutality, that there is always some effort taken to delegitimise it.
I think for me to say that when BAME people are constantly saying otherwise would he a bit rich.
Their experiences are evidence, unless you think they are en masse lying, and their is plenty of evidence of issues relating to race here
Presumably the Bristol protestors have been at least outside the M25
&gt; They dont use tear gas, fly military helicopters over protestors, use water cannon, position snipers on roofs. Good because that has looked absolutely awful in America. Responding to police brutality protests by brutalising protesters.
Yeah can't argue with that in terms of perception. That will be the headline in a few papers tomorrow rather than the number of peaceful protestors that showed up
I mean it would be between 200-300 a year based in this: https://mappingpoliceviolence.org/ That's if we are literally just looking at police shootings. I mean would every other day be acceptably accurate?
I'm not making a judgement on justifiability or not, but that we consistently known of unjustifiable cases.
Are you asking if black people agree with protests against police brutality against black people? And suggesting they would disagree with that because they can't go down the M6?! Weak effort to co-opt there.
Silence in relation to repeat police brutality obviously. Does that message really even need to be parsed, rather than read literally?
Don't think Marx or Douglas Adams did any slaver trading.
&gt;a night out in any large city is enough first hand experience for me. How do you mean?
The civil rights matches didn't necessarily always have a specific goal though, and included some violent action.
&gt; It’s a very reductive description You say that while reducing women to their mentstrual cycle. Including womoen who don't naturally have, or have stopped having, them
What the fuck.
Roads to Selma and Montgomery would have been blocked too. The point is that the significance of the issue is decided by what it achieves and not by what motorists not being able to use the M6 feel.
But sure people are shitting on any form of protest about this. It is like their problem is with the issue
He talked on international issues all the time: Vietnam, India, Ghana. &gt; He also didn't have a pandemic to worry about, so he wasn't putting public health at risk if he did protest international issues. Completely different issue than him not protesting everything. You are picking up the goalposts.
&gt; Groups and ideologies are always more radical when they're excluded and othered. They don't have to make themselves palatable or compromise. And they have a sense of (rightful) anger And how does that apply to men, particularly those of us who are in even more secure demographics, when we are clearly the least excluded and othered characteristic. If they are uninterested in making even their ideas palatable, it gets misogynistic really fast, then it's a movement I want no part of. I'd rather dispense with identity politics altogether. Because there's very little you can do in terms of policy to eradicate abstract and unconscious biases anyway. There is lots you can do, normalised relationships for mixed raced people, women in the workplace and voting, gay rights etc have been supported by legislation. Even where policy doesn't bring equality, it can take approaches that reflect difference in characteristics ie the causes of homelessness in men and women are quite different, and so require different solutions.
As much as the right wing try and make it one.
Arron Banks will give to that, he has been bankrolling every other Farage project for years.
Is that money still going to their estates? If so that's pretty absurd
I was talking about the Antifa Twitter accounts that the far right constantly set up, so they can then point at it as evidence of organisation
Good that they are jailing the die hard neo nazis. But I think we should also be careful about the casual or weekend neo nazis.
You should have seen the BNP goons hanging around his statue today. Shady as fuck.
They are one of those smoothbrains who thing significant police reform means no law enforcement at all.
&gt; You make out like slavery was illegal and not a vital part of the British economy. Not being illegal and economically viable does not suitable for commemoration in pride of place in Bristol, especially in the modern day. &gt; Slavery provided the funds to start the industrial revolution and make Britain a mighty Empire. You might want to have that argument with British Historians and other posters on here, who would be very reticent to say the industrial revolution could be built on the back of slavery. If the Empire was built on the wealth and infrastructure generated from the bodies of millions of African slaves, then that is criminally misunderstood. And you need to argue that with people like Nige there.
True that, this will appeal very much to his base.
&gt; Historians will argue the toss about most things, it is a perfectly logical argument As I say, I agree with you that slavery was the groundwork, it cannot be ignored the wealth it generated and the infrastructure it produced in the UK pre-industrial revolution. But that is certainly not the narrative in the public eye and would be met with hostility in some quarters. &gt; My only point is that Colston was just one cog in a giant machine. If people don't want a statue that's fine but it changes nothing. If they really want to make amends for their racist history they should be looking at reparations Again, I don't disagree (although considering the country continued/continues to rip the mineral wealth out of the third world I don't see reparations discussed). And while Colston was a cog in the machine, given his role in the Bristol slave trade, a statue of his still being up there was ludicrous.
I'm Irish, and again wouldn't disagree. Although you'd have to say big difference in relative stature between Cromwell and a local slave trader.
Yeah there are a few of those in politics. For example former Tory MP Jo Johnson's brother wrote a book riddled with anti-semitic tropes, was fired for his journalism job for fabricating stories, and has famously used racial and homophobic slurs.
Rodney Dangerfield made some bad movies: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Ladybugs_(film)
Definitely. I'd wonder if he'd ever be keen to play again, it was such a freak accident but would be a very tough one to get over
Missing from picture: [Robert Milligan](https://i.imgur.com/jGqznGh.jpg)
Agreed to. They has been no threats of violence. In fact there are still pictures of the statue in historical context up right next to it.
People who get racist abuse kind of have no choice but to see skin colour. They are made acutely aware of it.
Well I think the final sentence you have there is to broad to apply to most countries either way, so that would be fair. But then it shouldn't be used as a dismissal of the issues we have with racism. You see it often where someone raises the issue of race, some one goes of on a tangent about how this is one of the least racist countries. The "you don't know how good you have it" is such a weird amelioration.
No I got your well made point mate, I was just agreeing while adding a bit of sarcasm
&gt; You may want to read up on the British abolition of slavery and the use of force we liberally applied to force our morality on the world. If we are convicted of our beliefs and that other nations are doing profound evil we have a duty to impose ourselve no? I'm very familiar with it, and I think you would agree that is not a possible approach to take anymore. It was the very real application of gunboat diplomacy based on having a navy that could enforce it. The UK doesn't have remotely that power anymore. &gt; This is where particarly left wing moralising collapses. If you wish to defend your morality in the world you have to be willing force it. We can't set the rest of the world's problems to right. And honestly, the abolitionist movement excluded, there have been umpteen times the UK has stuck it's oar in aboard and ended up making the situation much worse.
It appeared to be an attempt to equivocate and suggest a hypocrisy, which is flawed for plenty of reasons, including the one I pointed out.
Not the above poster but I'd assume he means Paul Mullen.
Absolute fiasco, if we could get them out of health now I'd be delighted. I remember reviewing one of their ambulance services before, it was a complete shambles
&gt; Remind me who the bad guys are again. It's the far right.
I still think we might see a lot of senselessness come Saturday.
Come on, you know yourself that they who "We built the greatest empire this world has ever seen" and "we saved Europe in the War massage" are not uncommon refrains from Brexiteers in the media. If you are going to have a populist movement in this country as sure as shit it will have Churchill emblazoned on it.
Extremes are bad. That doesn't mean they are as much of an danger as these fascists
Not at all condoning the language, but that would be a very weird thing for a right-winger to accuse a person of colour of, considering their stance on that person's "Britishness" based on the colour of their skin.
How dare she be those things. You should call HR and explain the situation.
And right wing posters here jumping on it as evidence of a woke left wing cabal taking away their slurs. Nearly no one wants Fawlty Towers taken down.
&gt; Oh dear, they've taken a dislike to walking past the likenesses of slave traders every day, quick - better remove every single potentially offensive thing that exists." Groups have been calling for statues like that to be take down for years, Colston and Cecil Rhodes particularly. There is no equivalency with Fawlty Towers which no one has been campaigning to remove.
Thanks I will. We have tonnes of them now that we are in charge of growing them, ye useless shower.
Yeah sorry was just agreeing!
Some SJWs make a fuss, some neckbeards make a fuss about them. It's almost like a symbiotic relationship. Personally I find the anti-SJW crowd more hateful and resentful, but that's just my experience. A lot of them seem to be tumbling down into the alt-lite rabbit hole and more than a bit misogynist.
If you want to talk about improving the lot of the working class I'm all for it. But it would be fairly naive to think that being black working class vs being white working class does not have some additional hurdles due to racism. A friend of mine recently was saying how they used to get bricks through their windows for being a black family, thats not an experience I could really relate to.
&gt; I would question the wisdom of that I'd agree to some extent with this, its the main reason I'm not out there too. But I also would not diminish their right to protest.
I mean not just slavery, colonialism is its own beast altogether.
Yep, completely.
Actually I don't think I've seen that brand in years! Are they still going? Must have been run out by BLM and the immigrants.
Yeah, has to be expected a bit.
What is the defence here? It is not only poor application of the law it is needlessly antagonistic. You can of course defend some police action, this would not be one of them.
&gt; There's absolutely no evidence from the video that this woman was targeted by police because she's black Realistically what evidence would you accept beyond overt and explicit racism. There is no evidence in the action that George Floyd was racially motivated either, but let's not be naive.
This shouldn't be surprising. Not reading but waxing lyrical about Marx is a past time here. You also see it in the YouTube alt-liters, they haven't a fucking clue what Marxism is but blame it for everything.
You can't really account for which cases get traction, but it happens so frequently that eventually one does. You are sort of making the point for the problem really. Let's be honest they are not going to be wearing Kekistan armbands and shouting racial slurs while they kneel yet another black person to death. The issue with race is less overt than that.
&gt; Apparently the ‘far right’ are protecting the statues because the police didn’t or won’t. They are no more protecting statues than I am a professional footballer. They hare having a pissed up chanting session. Happy to deface memorials themselves if they can be used as urinals.
&gt; They've successfully defended them just by being present. Well done lads. Lol if you think they are there to defend statues you are deluded. It doesn't defend a statue to throw barricades at police &gt; The different response from the police towards the BLM (kiddie gloves, allow themselves to be beaten with no recourse, don't enforce the law or the thugs will riot) compared to the "far right" (full on riot gear on day 1), is frankly disgusting. One protest is actually about something, the other is just the far right coming to town to drink cans, throw fascist salutes, and make a show of themselves as usual.
Where is Tommy Robinson today? The little snake in the grass. Is he down there among the crowd after turning puse about it on twitter Midweek?
Yeah I live here, it's just Sharia Muslamic Law and gangs looking for white people to miscegenate. I was lucky to survive my lovely Victoria Park picnic today.
I agree, no way he was going to walk his own walk. All mouth.
Well still not great But it is better than saying it's a no go area for "some people".
Is there a specific law for that? I assumed it would be under criminal damage.
Well not with the EDL lot around. Don't think they would be on our side
Feckin Ironman in Avengers Endgame over here 😃
I'd feel bad for normal staff who would lose their jobs, but it would be great to see the Scum fold
&gt; Also, it wasn't BLM itself that drew out the protesters, it was the cenotaph/Churchill thing I think that's a bit of a red herring. The pissed up thugs were going to come out.
He literally said he also didn't want to see the man perish for fucks sake.
He also said he didn't want to see the man perish. Are you just ignoring that?
He gave two reasons: "he didn't want to see the man perish" and he didn't want to see the movement delegitimised.
No go back and watch again. He gave two reasons, he didn't want to see the man die and he did it also for the people protesting. It is like ye are deliberately trying to slander him.
My partner's granddad is from just outside Scunthorpe, served in the army. He thinks very little of some of the more toff Tories MPs. Quote, in relation to Mogg and Farage: "I was done doffing my cap to wankers like that when I left the army."
Fucking hell. Report that.
He could take that as a message not to march with fascists and thus need to be rescued. But I doubt there is much learning in that man.
There is a very good podcast on the Irish Revolution I'd recommend. It covers home rule, the war for independence, and the civil war. It's from a uni level history course, by a history professor at University College Dublin, in ten parts (the podcast not the professor): http://historyhub.ie/theirishrevolution I would also recommend the BBC documentaries on John Hume, and the Battle of the Bogside. Both are excellent for context on Northern Ireland.
Holy shit do British people not know what that is?! I never even thought to have to explain it.
&gt; I’m just making the point that what prevented the Irish ruling elite from being accepted by Irish society more broadly at the time was their Protestantism Eerrr not really mate. They were for the most part the landed and connected while the Catholic Irish rented the land and lived hand to mouth. Not to mention that the laws of the time persecuted the Catholics in terms of their language, culture, and religion. The system was near caste in terms of its separation. The Protestant Ascendancy would not have considered itself Irish in the same way as the native Irish, nor would the British MPs consider the ascendancy in Ireland as the same as the Catholic Irish. Honestly it's a weird script flip to try to suggest it was the protestants that were unaccepted, when we have repeat examples of persecution of the Irish rather than the ascendancy.
It's interesting to say that (aside from the Battle of Hastings) any civil conflict in the UK included Ireland to some extent. One of the more decisive battles of the English civil war was fought near my home town in Ireland.
Eh? When the Easter Rising happened Ireland had been a bit of the UK for near centuries (at least officially since 1800 but way earlier in effect). It was essentially a civil war. And is there a more recent example of a war the UK lost?
It's a great show, you should watch it! But in the scene Don says he doesn't think about him at all, but he spend the whole episode agonising over the talent of Ginsburg and the idea that he had, which was better than his.
&gt; This other mob was too busty chucking beer to notice this fuckwit Agreed. There were lots of chubby right wing man tits on show.
I assume Paul Staines is catatonic given the quality of his output. But he is probably just drunk again rather than in a coma.
It absolutely is. The EDL are constantly adorned in the Cross and England jerseys. It is them you need to argue with.
&gt; most people couldn't even tell someone is a roman gypsy until they start behaving in a way that makes it obvious That's not really true. As soon as caravans move in to an area and people here the accents they are treating people like gypsies.
On the trespassing issue, travellers used to have hundreds of halting sites up and down the country. They were confiscated by the conservative governments in the 70s and 80s
I mean it does, I thought you more meant actions of criminality
Yes but not always the at George's cross. It became popularised with the far right. The BUF used their own flag and the Union Jack like.
Not sure why I assumed the dad, but to be clear I don't agree with arguments against Robert Peel PM. Incidentally his son was also Robert Peel.
If you want a more positive English identity, I'm all for that. It's the far right nationalists you'll have the big problem with.
Lol yeah that's what's happened here.
I mean for some yeah you could. I'd wager at one point it was the case for things like gay marriage
It's a complete drain on society, I have no sympathy for them in whatever draconian measures are meted out on their shitty parasitic enterprise
I can see it being unpopular, but detrimental how?
Does seem like the story has legs though. It'll certainly be featuring in PMQs next.
&gt; Greta Thunberg syndrome To me that's more politicians and political pundits getting unreasonably upset by the overall credible concerns of a teenage girl. Often to the point of personal attack.
"So we are now in favour of drowning sailors and starving children."
Fair play to Rashford for spearheading this. In between the politics of this issue, he has pretty much singlehandedly assured some very vulnerable children up and down the country will being getting meals. He seems like a good lad and a very decent role model for young people.
"Their bite" being "removing food security from vulnerable children during a pandemic and pending mega recession"?
I'll make a small polymer clay statue later on when I'm finished work!
A man flailing widely about being forced to say something, while nationally publishing his complete opposition to it to absolutely no event. The paranoia from a position of absolutely security is pretty ridiculous.
Yeah you could very well be right, aside from being a liberal policy it actually had financial resources to make positive changes to the lives of a lot of people.
I mean you can debate some of them but there is some quality there. IMO if you don't like Attenborough you haven't got a heart, and if you don't like the Thick of It you havent got a head. FWIW most of my favourite shows of the last few years have not been on the Beeb, but I'm not going to pretend it has nothing.
The real reason Norther Irish pubs are reopening on the 3rd July: https://twitter.com/Sean_Hegarty/status/1272798899355385857
Meh, Boomers: the Roadshow never really did it for me so it was no great loss to put them out to pasture on Amazon.
Haha true that. "We would also like to announce a reopening of antagonistic marching from the 11th July, provided you are wearing your special PPE sash"
Totally agree. It's pretty embarrassing.
You get the Tudors, and WW1 and WW2? I'd like to know what's on the more modern curriculum
I think you are overstating that. Things like Dunkirk, WW2, the Napoleonic Wars, and Abolition of Slavery (which should be told in terms of the warts) and the history of nursing would be fairly positive, with things like the Tudors/Battle of Hastings, the Glorious Revolution being fairly neutral. Some of the more difficult aspects might be transatlantic slave trade, colonialism, Ireland.
They are still trying to push the narrative that it wasn't far right football goons down there having a pissup.
Of course, those panels are last means of resolution, and yes disputes are aimed at being resolved through diplomatic channels. The point was they are part of an system that is underpinned by process, precedents and rules.
Report also says the global league table is the same for "atrocities committed during colonialism".
Absolutely no supply. He was parched
Julia Hartley Brewer giving remedial level interviews to a Tory cabinet minister, and he still manages to make a fool of himself.
But you understand kneeling has different meanings in different contexts right? Or does that need to be explained. Like when a rugby player kneels to place the ball for a conversion, do you think he is submitting to the rugby ball? Or is he receiving a knighthood from the goal posts? If I'm kneeling to tie my shoes am I proposing to Adidas? Honestly the context of the kneel in relation to this situation clearly suggests defiance in the US and solidarity here. This line of dispute that kneeling can only mean supplication is just utterly idiotic.
White nationalists making pricks of themselves as usual.
&gt; also looks like an act of submission Certainly seems that way for people who need to pretend that it is submission. Like any solidarity or support represent submission.
In Scotland (and NI) you would normally differentiate between the two, in the same way you would for Nationalist and Republican.
Haha. I'd say it did it a handful of times his whole career. Man was slow as a wet week
&gt; You need the soft skills you mention to be successful Lol what! I know some very successful Oxbridge grads with next to no social skills.
&gt; I don't recall them all coming out for it actually, but it's irrelevant. To a group or individual, all of the above. And I think you kind of need it to be irrelevant, otherwise it's a concern. You see yourself walking with the skinheads and the white nationalist you have to ask yourself why. &gt; No doubt some racists backed Scottish independence as they love some blood and soil division, but it doesn't make other yes voters all racists. Maybe, but the question isn't are all yes voters racist, it's why do racists universally support X.
More money up the swaney there. Complete wasters
Switzerland, Macedonia, Cyprus, Wales and Albania all really flung the templates out the window
Yes. A lot of Africa is still dealing with the process of European decolonisation (while still having their mineral wealth extracted from under their feet and the profits repatriated to the first world), that is before you get into the industrialisation of slaving through transatlantic slave trade.
&gt; giving Africans back control of their countries Giving?! Lol. The Empire fought some of them pillar to post for their independence, including but not limited to mass executions and concentration camps. Many countries that petitioned for independence had the governing infrastrucure withdrawn without warning out of spite (not limited to the UK, France also did this). &gt; the fact that Africans are still engaging in slavery is by your reckoning the fault of the west? The aftermath of colonialism, the creation of arbitrary nations along religious and cultural lines, the western propping up of dictators and juntas, the sponsorship of cout d'etats, and the continued impact of extraction of mineral wealth are significant factors in the continued destablisation of Africa, yes. Since colonial times the continued aim has been to get the money out.
And fling a critical care nurse in jail for 18 hours because the final straw for you was "is this how you treat black people".
Particularly after a hard stop boxing the car in, and in the compliant it says the officer was in casual clothes. I doubt she is used to that and was probabyl quite shocked.
I thought it was unclear, but can't really editorialise titles.
I think its a very good reason to be scared, particuarly when an officer is saying he is going to put your windows in
She brought up her race after being hard stopped for tinted windows (which were legal), threats to put the windows in, threats of arrest, and after requesting a femle officer, which she is entitled to do.
She did respond, she twice said im scared. Even a moment to reassure rather than suggest he didn't believe her (why even say that?!) and then on to knocking her legally tinted windows in.
&gt; The officer clearly tells her that front tinted windows are illegal. The law: https://www.gov.uk/tinted-vehicle-window-rules Any of the news stories on it state that the windows were subsequently shown to be legal. I don't think a critical care nurse is going to illegal auto shops to get mega tints. &gt; Which the officer acquiesced to as well. Before then nicking her anyway when she presented absolutely no threat
She very much looked like she did not want attention.
https://metro.co.uk/2020/06/18/nurse-calls-greater-accountability-police-stop-search-powers-12840473/ Legally tinted, she had documents to prove it
Had a bad injury if I remember right
&gt; There is a limit on how long the officer can be expected to wait whilst someone has clearly no intent on even talking to them He didn't wait at all, her first audible sentence was I'm scared which he immediately followed curtly with the sentence I quoted you. Less than 30 seconds in he was threatening to break the window. Completely unnecessary escalation when a measured approach for a scared person would have gotten a much more positive response. She obviously do not appreciate his approach at all, and if it was a hard stop as reported, followed by a bolshy cop, I'd completely understand her being a bit shock and scared.
Well he actually decided to search after she said "I'm scared", at which point he jumped to "I think you are concealing something in the car".
Referring to it as subjugation and supplication is fairly disrespectful, especially given the context of actual subjugation
They are not asking you to bow, Z Dominic Raab learned. It's a kneel in support and solidarity. Anyone viewing solidiarity as submission need to have a little look at themselves
Need affordable housing here. And even if you disagree with the local council rules, a Tory Minister can't intervene to overule them just to save his donors money. It is pure cash for favours.
What was his word for word response to "I'm scared"? That wasn't particularly calm.
You can make affordable housing and still turn hundreds of millions of profit in this borough. Richard Desmond has done it with other developments in Tower Hamlets, who the cost is bunged to, but he gets to make 300 millions instead of 200 mill. Which is a aside from the point, which is that a Tory minister intervened on behalf of a donor to increase his profits. You can't blame the developer for trying, if he knows Tories can be bought so cheaply he near has a fiduciary obligation to try.
When she said she was scared, he curtly replied that she couldnt be and said now I think you are hiding something. That's not how to defuse a situation you instigated with a hard stop of a civilian.
She acted like she was scared, that was patently clear. And doesn't mean she has something to hide.
This isn't the activists saying this though, it's the RFU reviewing its use. However it's more eye-catching to write a story about a beloved sport song, at which everyone then misdirects their outrage to BLM.
Lol why are straight men trying as hard as they can not to be gay? If you don't have to try.
Just a bit extreme, the casual threat of mass murder.
No look if something happened in the past it's fine. That's why my collection of caricatures dolls of black people is staying on the mantle piece.
I think the red wall fell because they couldn't countenance Corbyn. I in no way see the normalisiation of trans rights as killing the women's vote with Labour. Younger generations coming through are much more accepting of it, so the transphobes are going the way of the homophobes.
Well no you don't because you are not looking in their pants. Why am I having to explain this to so many people in here? You treat them how they express themselves, in the same way you do as someone who is gay, adheres to a certain religion etc. If you live in London you have almost certainly had interactions with people who may have expressed their gender differently to their sex, which you may or may not have been aware of. It is no skin off your nose to call anyone what they prefer to be called.
&gt; No. But they're still women just born with defects. As opposed to a normal man who takes hormones and has a tit job or whatever. So being abnormal in that case wouldn't be the same kind of abnormal as a trans woman. This is the problem if you define people by their bollocks rather than their expression/neurology/identity, and was the same problem with people contesting gay rights ("Its unnatural", "Its not Adam and Steve", "Pray the gay away" etc.). It is just trying to pretend the problem away You can show that the neuroanatomy of transgender brains are more like their desired gender [from an early age](https://www.sciencedaily.com/releases/2018/05/180524112351.htm), and this continues into cognition through [adolescence](https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/27070350/) &gt; Yeah some women don't menstruate but menstruating isn't the only signifier that someone is a woman so it's not a problem in 99.98% of cases. The point is though that you still treat those people like women even if they don't feel they meet your definition. Once you get into any definition that isn't based on self-identity you are excluding someone. And I think most women would indentify with who they are as a person (cognition, personality) rather than just the fact that they menstruate. &gt; I still haven't got used to having to have this argument. It seems so obvious to me. Well in the nicest possible way it is not really me you are arguing with, it is the position of all UK organisations in health and social care. As I say it is not because they have cowed to some transgender cabal, it is because the evidence and prevalence informs the position.
In that vein I don't think reflection and being proactive is a bad thing. If it could not be flash in the pan that would be great.
The far right are either coked out or keted up.
😭
Woah you for got Alex FroGay and Sargon of Rapevibe.
White supremacists inevitably always overplay their hand and tank their own cause. Because they are morons, and so are there supporters. They are laughable.
Definitely Katie Hopkins, definitely Tommy Robinson.
No there is a broader definition of the far right, which has some subjectivity around the margin between right wing and far right. But these two are definitely far right.
He doesn't seem that outraged. He appears to be just taking the piss of the outrage. &gt; Historical nuances Enlighten us. Why should a town square be named after a man who killed thousands of slaves?
"Being one of the first black footballers in the UK. He was not allowed to play for England because of the the colour of his skin."
If you were looking for an idiot, he would count as two.
Not just a black footballer, he was notable for being possibly the first in England and was denied a cap because of the colour of his skin. That is also part of this country's history. &gt; Was sqaure named after hawkins for slave tading or was it to do with his work agianst the Spanish Armada? I'd wager it wasn't stated, much like Colston it may have been him being from their and putting money into the place. Any reason we still need to commemorate a man who killed thousands in slaving, which has no impact on commemorating the Armada?
See any other thread here with fans downplaying it too
Honestly it looks really fake.
I don't think this mob is going to become something similar to Khmer Rouge. It's a bit pearl clutchy to suggest so.
Who has been jailed for racist jokes?
It's hilarious watching all of socially conservatives types reach for the Nazi comparisons now. "Boo hoo they are intolerant of my outspoken xenophobia and homophobia. Nazis."
I mean it's stupid thing to say, so worthy or derision.
"Why can't they just accept that I'm openly homophobic and racist?"
And?
DAE think people who use racist dogwhistles are racist?
Who are protesting similar things to the other places I mentioned, which makes your dismissal of the people in Oxford very broken.
You are sincerely comparing the Apartheid to suggestions for more open inclusion? You want that to be the basis for your argument?
&gt; If you want representation by race then by definition an organisation can have too many black people. I’m not endorsing this view as I think it’s ridiculous but if you go down this road you end of with overwhelming white representation at all levels because that’s the demographic of the country. Theoretically yes, you can. But as you say yourself calls for inclusion are not even remotely close to that and are ridiculous. &gt; I’ve never understood why people feel represented by people the same race or gender than them. I think you, like me, have never had to feel the need for that representation.
It's not discrimination to call for more inclusion. It is absurd to suggest so. To compare it then to Apartheid is even worse.
Right will if this progresses to genocide I'll come back and admit I was wrong.
That's a good point, hadn't clocked that.
I think that would be the case, and on the other side the attitudes to education in for working class families can to put less emphasis on it
I would say there probably are also systemic barriers to working class people getting into higher education. In terms of attitudes I was speaking from my own experience. Most of the crowd I grew up with just weren't interested.
The country is 87% white British. Also the other poster is right you are so clearly metanorman, did you get banned or something?
What group are you referring to?
You don't see how PR departments jumping on a current affairs situation is different from actual systemic change?
That women are generally not funny?
Can you share the full text please. It's paywalled. But we don't need the full text to know that the toffs are hard into Russian money.
If MI5 groups them i dont think that qualifies as a community. Are you sure that is what you meant?
&gt; I am not even saying he is right, I just don't think you've made an argument. Why bother arguing? It's a ridiculous assertion which doesn't need to be argued.
How? Not being there vs something still having an effect today are two different things.
It is also made up of institutions and governments, who can address the actions of the past. Look at having an inquiry into and apologising for Bloody Sunday.
It's not that I can't make an argument, it's that you already know the answer: &gt; They're massive sweep generalisations
The BBC should absolutely not be making policy on bookings based on one man's hot take.
Police were walking behind them
I mean there is a video circulating of him bragging about soliciting sexual favours for gigs on Rogans Podcast. Comes across as a 24 carat shite.
I'm not saying it impacts me personally. Just that being smug on social media about the shitty things they said is not a great look. They are coming across as knobheads.
But to most people, they don't give a fuck about context. What kind of argument is that? So we should just let the far-right continue to push ahead with "white lives matters" slogans, rather than draw attention to the context?
The people in this thread defending "White lives matter", not this police investigation but the obvious far-right slogan itself, are exactly who you would expect. I may be wrong, but I think they know full well how it differs from the "Black lives matter" slogan.
That I can agree with, but investigation sounds like looking into if a crime was committed. Which i have no problem with. Unfortunately people see this as an opportunity to defend the actual slogan, as you will see throughout this thread.
Nazis trying to co-opt phrases is obviously different than Nazis literally defining them. If you want to chant US white supremacists slogans you have to have the backbone to own where it comes from.
It is not some indecipherable message for fucks sake. That it comes from literal US white supremacists is in addition the fact that it is an obiovus dog whistle. Plenty of people using it in the UK know thar full well, including some of the people in this thread.
WLM was actually a founded organisattion by a co-founder of the US National Social movement in the months after Ferguson: https://www.splcenter.org/fighting-hate/extremist-files/group/white-lives-matter BLM comes from a protest movement, WLM comes from literal US Nazis. Next week i look forward to hearing people defend a plane flying over Goodison park with a burning cross on the back.
It is pretty fucking vile that you would try to co-opt that horrible attack to fall under "White Lives Matter". I'm not giving you the time of day.
Yep you are spot on, brain fart there. It was Trayvon Martin
Lol god almighty. Lets leave it there shall we. Try not to end up in Whitehall with the EDL, if this is the rabbit hole you are heading down.
Is that bellend PJW a race?
Literally one of the key messages of BLM, the abuse and death of black people in police custody. What's the key principles of WLM again? Oh yeah, there isnt any because it's a literally made up by US neo nazis.
&gt; In America. Its an international protest. You not noticed? &gt; 'WLM' isn't a movement with principles, it's bait to highlight lefty double standards for what they are. Mad how you're all falling for it. Oh its a movement alright. By White Supremacists to obfuscate the argument around BLM. And here they have halfwits parroting their line.
Pretty big change then, which given how episodic the changes have been makes sense. Honestly I think the pace is about right. Although I can't really envisage any circumstances where we are not looking at more cases in Aug/Sept time. I know most NHS trusts we work with are prepping for that.
I actually agree that JS is more concise than any of those he schooled, with the only exception of Colbert. Both actors and improv specialists. But if we are honest the Trump crowd would be pissy about Stewart too. They were under Bush as well. They just have to make a fuss.
Everytime you bring it up it is handwaved away by Brexit voters. They really don't want to hear it, for obvious reasons.
He is absolutely bang to rights here. If he doesn't go the only reason is the Tories rally round and use their vote to insulate his cash for favours bullshit. It's one of the most deprived areas in the country, why should some conservative toff care about affordable housing there when he can turn a quick buck instead.
By fight they mean the economic impact of leaving our main trade partners for the vacuum of space
Yeah that is more likely
I'm happy to be bigoted against Spectator contibutors. They are generally shite hawks.
Pictures of him emerging arm in arm with Tommy Robinson, to the surpise of absolutely no one.
I'm not saying biology never wins, we still breathe air and would gorge ourselves to death if left in a room with unlimited cheese. But where it is behavioural there is much we don't give into.
&gt; Like what? We still hunt and murder. Look at remote tribes. They're the same species as we are. Like near anything. Our collective behaviour is not generally what you would see similar to ones in remote tribes. Those things you specifically mention are not societally acceptable, we are living examples of that. Discrimination based on race is certainly not a call of the wild we need to give into. &gt; If you're talking about human biology that would be modern humans. We used to breathe through gills as well. Language had to develop from somewhere. Do correct me if I'm wrong but as far as I'm aware the species is determined physically, not by our capacity for language. It may still have been in the stone age a lot of pointing and grunting.
&gt; I think it's exactly like remote tribes. We are deeply co operative but that rather relies on a shared culture. High co operation relies on a high level of shared culture. I don't think it does necessarily, just shared or even common values. And I don't think the values of people here are so diametrically opposed that minority groups should not be included. &gt; Language is human. There are no human communities without complex language I agree. But this is a big debate in evolutionary and cognitive neuroscience: do we consider language innate or learned. It's very hypothetical, but I thick pre-history man's communication is not much above what we see in primates. Once settlement and agriculture occurs that becomes different.
&gt; Once we abandon nationalism we explicitly don't believe there are any national values at all. There is no compulsion for people to have anything in common especially values, history, culture. Mitigation can only take you so far. I don't think you have to believe in nationalism to hold similar values. Unfortunately that gets racist real fast. There are more appropriate totems. &gt; I don't think that's a workable in the long term. But here we are. With a little thought and understanding. We have even come a long way in the two decades, never mind going back to the abolition of slavery.
It's also been a developing story for the last four days. It's basically been reason Jenrick has had to address it. The bought and paid for weasel.
Yeah she literally said "white lives don't matter. As white lives." That's not going to stop the far right going mental though.
Honestly I don't think it is stupidly written. You are right it was meant to be provocative, and you can see she has drawn out the exact type of abuse from the twitter far right to make her point. To them even the suggestion that their identity as white is considered brings out explicitly racist abuse and slurs based on the colour of her skin.
How is it remotely pseudo-scientific to suggestion "whiteness" as an indentity exists? We still have groups that organise around its perceived supremacy (ironically though they tend to be the worst examples for that argument)
That was police investigated because it's a white supremacist slogan, it wasn't into him personally. She got a promotion because she is capable of making nuanced arguments. She here has white supremacists making her point for her. The more they abuse her the more they make it. I'm whiter than white, and I agree with her. My skin colour does not matter in the way hers is made to.
&gt; very critical of the country's past, particularly with respect to how indigenous people were treated. I was going to say this too. I think maybe this country is less exposed to the criticisms others have of their countries but it is certainly there. In Ireland it is the Magdalene laundries and the systemic abuse of the Catholic church. But since it's less relevant to you guys here it probably doesn't make it over as much.
&gt; Some events and attitudes are products of their time, it's not fair to judge people for failing to uphold standards that didn't exist at the time. I mean if can take pride in events that were also products of their time (presumably you're referring to things like the Empire, abolition of slavery, the development of the institutions of law), I think the same could apply to negative events or actions too. &gt; There are definitely some things which can't be explained by "it was just how things were back then", those are embarrassments and lessons to future generations. Feeling guilt or shame about these events is counter productive, as it just gets used as a weapon/angle of attack against you. I don't think it has to be guilt or shame, you weren't involved, but then I suppose that applies to the events you have pride in too. I think acknowledgement of those things goes a long way, because some of those periods you celebrate have painful histories attached to them for others here. That type of acknowledgement has only really been happening in the national consciousness here for the last few generations, and can still be met with a lot of hostility (particularly by those for whom pride has become something warped and aggressive).
&gt; The myth is an embellished version of reality. I enjoy the myth, but take pride in the reality. But you recognise the myth as being the thing people take pride in, yet you take pride in the part that includes the horrors? I can understand someone having a surface level patriotism that they don't really challenge the reality. But you know the warts and all facts, and don't want to see how that can be difficult for people here. That is that part that seems baffling to me. &gt; Because it's a bad idea, ethnic diversity is a source of tension and division, highlighting how we are different drives a wedge between people and there is no real reason to be proud of it. Eesh if I am honest this territory is where you lose me. You can't pick and choose who is reflected in the national picture based on ethnicity in this country. The parts you are championing or proud of is a reason we have this diversity. So their investment in the story is as valid as yours and should be reflected. &gt; Focusing on our differences will produce nothing good, you can integrate former colonial peoples into the national myth, but focusing on grievances just creates festering wounds. The point of a national myth isn't to be balanced or address grievances, it's to unite a nation so that people can be more invested in the society they live in. Focusing on our difference is what the national myth does now. There is a very big difference between how the national myth portrays some, and I imagine you get what I'm saying here.
&gt; English Lab Cor blimey!
&gt; It wasn't political at all. I agree that she was wrong to retweet that. But I'd say it's a bit naive to say there is nothing political in it. One of his main challengers like.
Homophobes really, and people trying hard to be anti-woke.
&gt; Strange isn't it that an ideology, or movement, gets its own flag like this to be flown everywhere. Lol are you serious? You want me to point you to all the movements and ideologies that have had flags? The post would he as long as War and Peace.
&gt; Do you honestly think if the weather had been crap this whole time, that we would have seen people just going out for the hell of it? No of course not, but that isn't the point though is it. He literally said "“the practices of individual cultures and societies". What cultures? What societies?
If he was making that point then say that, he just made vague reference.
&gt; so there's no need to bitch about it when someone doesn't agree with you. Literally what you are doing right now. &gt; So yes, weather is a factor. Different cultural habits will also be a factor. That doesn't mean, as the headline suggests, that the whole thing is down to the weather. You can read past the headline you know. I'm not contesting the headline, I'm saying JRM had a vague hot take based on no evidence and it was idiotic. &gt; I don't care enough to drag this on any longer. The information you need is already in front of you, so you are free to pay attention or to ignore it and continue being misled by dishonest reporting. Either way it's not my problem. Misled by dishonest reportinf? It's his own quote. It's in the story! Are you treasurer of his fan club or something? I hope you are getting paid at least in dog biscuits to defend him..
"Can I get a king if I got a player to the end?" "That's chess Boris. And they are on rails."
Tories prioritising billionaires margins, over affordable housing for the poor? I won't believe it.
The Spectator can get in the bin. Maybe they can tell us why the affordable housing needed to be reduced when the Planning Inspectorate disagreed. Jenricks excuse doesn't explain that at all. (Not shooting the messenger!)
Tory voters don't appear to know what they stand for anymore in this case. Apparently rinsing affordable housing from the poor is grand by them. If you are a Tory voter, you should be especially fucked off at how badly this situation reflects the government you voted for.
That is clearly not what is happening here. Those are entitled to that position since it is not based on complete exclusion, and as you say are not homephobic.
Lay of the Jordan Peterson there dickhead.
I'm not disagreeing on Labour, look at the Iraq war like. I'm saying I don't think the Tories can come at the "we love Britain unlike Labour angle".
I do. Starmer I think hits the centre left mark pretty well, enough to appeal to the swing voters. But you need the working class northern reps and the progressive vote in the party too.
Don't you see any other country challenging them? The only people they would remotely listen to are the UK and the US, and I can't see either doing anything.
I'm criticising Israel for having used "anti-Semitism" as a stick to bat away criticism in the past. &gt; likely mischaracterised https://jewishnews.timesofisrael.com/israel-accuses-irish-vote-palestinian-statehood-giving-voice-hatred-anti-semitism/ Direct quote from the article: Israel has slammed the decision of the Irish parliament to adopt a non-binding resolution supporting an independent Palestinian state. Foreign ministry spokesman Emmanuel Nahshon accused the Irish parliament of giving voice to “statements of hatred and anti-Semitism directed at Israel in a way which we have not heard before”.
&gt; You just kicked up a lot of dust while implicitly conceding that you mischaracterised the episode. People calling it genocide in no way makes a bill to recognise Palestinian statehood anti-semitic. &gt; So how about you retract your accusation and apologise for spreading inflammatory nonsense? Israel government calling the ban on Israeli goods from occupied areas in the West Bank, Golan Heights, and East Jerusalem [anti-semitic] (https://www.irishtimes.com/news/politics/israel-gives-irish-ambassador-severe-dressing-down-for-anti-semitic-d%C3%A1il-bill-1.3770529?mode=amp). Well? &gt; I'll then ignore the fresher inflammatory nonsense and we both move on with our lives. No don't ignore it. Please, address the indiscriminate bombings and shootings.
I'm not a labour voter, and you are obvious as fuck. Good job not addressing the other clear example of the point I gave you. And this is just talking about one other country.
&gt; Why are you using it on them? You can reject the label, fair enough. I have no idea why you would then oppose the inclusion of same sex marriage in the marriage act since that would cover everyone? &gt; The state overreaches its competence when it attempts to redefine an institution based in ontological realities. Christ almighty you could apply that to near anything. Why that should exclusively apply to same sex marriage I have absolutely no idea.
He took exception to "the level of discussion that took place in that parliament" and said certain statements in that discussion were antisemitic. And what, in relation to the religion or the ethnicity of the Jewish people, was anti-semitic in those remarks?
Can't be surprised at the far-right kicking up dust when they see racism being challenged, but it is good that it is being recognised at the upper echelons.
Huh, I must have imagined the boozed up far righters down Whitehall shouting all lives matter and pissing on memorials.
That was the total tweet. It is a response to the common response to black lives matter, which is "White Lives Matter"(a phrase first coined literally by White Supremacists in the US,). She is suggesting that white people have not had to consider or live our lives in terms of our skin colour, which is something people of colour do have to do. This is exemplified in the racism they experience which we as white people do not. Our lives are not defined by that hence it doesn't matter in the same way to us, hence they don't matter as white lives. Her point was perfectly made for her in when saying the statement, the far right came in and called her every racist trope under the sun based on her skin colour. See the difference?
&gt; Do you ever get bored jumping around trying to defend obvious nonsense? I find it very hard to believe you really think she was saying "white lives don't matter". I don't think you are an idiot. &gt; If she wanted to say the multiple paragraphs you just wrote she could of. She didn’t. Because it was made to be provocative. It provoked far right goons to racially abuse her, making her point exactly. If she wanted to say white lives don't matter she could have just said that and left it at that.
No need to argue with any of the points I made mate. The far right scum on Twitter already lost the argument for your side. They couldn't help themselves.
&gt; She says that 'whiteness' refers to how white people are at the top of social hierarchies. That's a very debatable position, not one that should be treated as settled. Most white people are not at the top of the social hierarchy, and to treat them as such - based solely on their skin colour - is racial prejudice. Most white people are not, but the majority of people at the top are. In terms of social hierarchies her point is correct: white people do not have to consider our lives in terms of our race. People of colour have had no choice but to &gt; She is framing it as opposition, when it is in fact complementary. She assuming ill intent, based on race. More prejudice It is oppositional I'm afraid, the term comes from US white supremacists. It can't really be used by them and by a complementary movement to BLM at the same time.
They do though. People of colour have to consider their lives in terms of race, I don't.
Yes on all three counts. Not the same as being defined by race.
In what way? I've lived here in Lond for a decade and never had to. That's not to say anything about your experience, but it is not the same as every person of colour having to be defined by it.
&gt; What about if Farage says on Twitter "black lives don't matter, as black lives" Different since blacks lives do matter as black lives. They have been defined by their skin colour, where as for me I've never had to worry about that. &gt; "Abolish blackness" Whiteness is in no way an identity in the same way. &gt; And receives a bunch of people calling him racist slurs is that exposing the racist attitudes in these communities? What historical slurs of second class status could he receive?
&gt; Unless of course, you adhere to the "white people can't experience racism"? No they can, but to say they have to consider their race in the way people of colour do would be absurd. Which is the whole point
Again, I'm white and have absolutely no problem with that statement. I don't identify with whiteness, and those that do (particularly when grouped) I want to be far away from.
&gt; That's racist It's really not. The application of a white identity is though. Or at least any example of it so far has been.
I directly address one of the things you said. But here: &gt; Yet because of the colour of my skin I need to read books to understand racism? No you don't necessarily, although it can be helpful. Listening to opinions of people who have consistent experience of racism is useful too.
Great point
Yes it is completely different. You show me a way that someone expresses pride in their whiteness without taking it to an utterly racist place.
I have family in the North and have visited there tonnes, I don't know any organisation there that healthily makes the focal point of their community their whiteness.
&gt; Yeah same with JK Rowling though. They don't argue with her, there's a lot of "suck my dick" "kill this bitch" etc. Misogynistic abuse of that kind is used against women. Again still terrible, but it's not because she is a woman. Men also get abuse along these lines when they say transphobic shit. Not the same as the place people spamming the N word to her comes from, or posting pictures of lynched black people. She is also getting the same misogynistic abuse. &gt; You should at least try to be consistent rather than this openly biased. Pretty easy to be consistent here. Far right neanderthals make themselves very obvious.
I said "pride in their whiteness". Show me where in the fuck that happens in NI. &gt; And you failed to answer mine. Pride in non-whiteness? BLM, the civil rights movement, the Maori, the Aborigines, Native American Tribes, anti-miscegenation protests. Want more?
She doesn't need to hold her tongue to appease white nationalists. Appeasement doesn't work with those goons.
&gt; You also make a point of whiteness though. You just make a negative point of it. I make a negative point of people who peddle whiteness as an identity, because those people are fucking loops. You want an identity for whiteness? Your biggest problem is white supremacists. I don't view my own skin colour negatively at all. Just those that wish to exploit it. &gt; I'm interested into what the end goal is for you people? I don't really think in terms of end goals, more improvement on what we have now. The goal of those who push whiteness is very clear. I'd hope you would not want that.
Yes I do, brain fart on my part. You read it?
&gt; The Jay report is not unbiased - it's politically correct (so inherently biased). It reported it because non-white girls came forward saying they were also abused by grooming gangs. To suggest they did it because it was politically correct to do so is not only absurd but it is pretty scummy to towards those victims.
Then in relation to the conversation we were having your (incorrect) point about the Jay Report was irrelevant. At best a very strange deflection from the point.
And Chad Mendes, who at that point had only been beaten by Aldo.
Robert Jenrick put his hands out for billionaire donors, but I don't think it was applause.
What is the sound of one man clapping. I think the appreciation they get is the big payoffs (and not being held remotely responsible when they collapse the economy or launder money for Iran). I'd much rather pay the NHS frontline staff more and improve their working conditions than applaud them, for what that is worth.
