Are you sure? Haven't driven at speed in real life yet, but standing at corner stations, I've noticed the opposite. Cloudless August day with the sun beating down on the asphalt means big greasy black lines and squirrelly Miatas and SRFs through high speed corners. Cloudy August day and they're a lot more well behaved.
For the non-religious and even many people who consider themselves Christian, Christmas is essentially Thanksgiving Part 2: Now With Presents!
Yes, we still have customs enforcement and customs does not need a warrant to inspect anything. Customs can't touch any domestic mail/shipments though, it's beyond their jurisdiction.
How about the Jeep with a flashlight ziptied to the bumper?
Network Specialist \~ $70k (\~$33.65/hour).
The US's country TLD is .us, but it isn't very common. .Com is prevalent in the US because it was, and possibly still is, the internet's largest single market.
&gt;court ruling that a certificate of live birth is the same as a birth certificate Part of the problem is that, in many states, hospitals issue "certificate of live birth" while the state government issues "birth certificates." The hospital-issued certificates are not acceptable for most things that require a birth certificate.
Ah, yes, "I've got mine so fuck you."
The UK doesn't have a law prohibiting housing discrimination based on family status? In the US we have the [Fair Housing Act](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Fair_Housing_Act), which makes it a federal crime to refuse to rent or sell to, or to advertise a preference for, anyone based on race, color, disability, religion, sex, familial status, or national origin.
Well, if you get your 75lbs kid to do it...
Didn't he get it repaired?
And if I refuse to sign your release?
If you're in a state where you don't have the authority to hold an unsafe car that isn't going to work out very well for the shop. Absent money owed, you have no authority to hold the car, if the owner asks you to drop the lift and give even the keys and you refuse, you're looking at legal issues yourselves.
How old is your battery? As they age they can't provide as much current, and they slowly discharge as they sit. If your battery is more than a few years old and definitely if more than 5, that is very likely your problem.
&gt;Otherwise Puerto Rico behaves just like any other state Not quite like just any other state. There are a few key differences, notably that the Constitution does not fully apply to PR and that Puerto Ricans living in PR do not generally pay any federal income tax.
That's why I step down to 17s pin my winter wheels.
Then you get to pay whatever it costs another shop to diagnose and repair along with any associated costs like a rental for the customer. It's not going to go well for you in court when you are asked to explain why a car you drove yourself into the bay had to be towed out of the bay.
Have you tested yours in court? If a car is under your control when it stops working, especially with the history of you attempting to force the customer to buy your services before his car that he drove to you and you drove into the bay suddenly stops working, and it's diagnosed as a pulled wire or fuse that's necessary for the car tti run, I wouldn't take your odds. Remember this isn't criminal court, they just need to convince a judge that their story is more likely than yours.
The majority don't pay federal income taxes, which, Social Security and Medicare excluded, are the primary source of funding for the federal government.
No, it started as a way of referencing the day and time (H-hour) of the invasion before the exact times were set and to not give any details of the plan.
And none of the kings before that spoke English either.
Yeah, most T1 cruiser hulls are 5-6m or so. Amarr prices anyway.
More than likely, no, that could plausibly be attributed to preexisting damage. But if I drive my car to you with no issues, you drive my car into the bay with no issues, then try to sell me services that may or may not be needed, and when I refuse my car is unable to start. I have my car towed to another mechanic where the issue found is a missing starter relay fuse or something like that, you're going to have a rather difficult time explaining how that was preexisting or incidental damage.
Timed racing is common at all levels of road racing, from amateur clubs to IMSA/WEC.
I guess this is the one time it pays to be fat?
No, not like states at all. With the exception of federal employees, all PR-derived income of PR residents is exempt from federal income tax, regardless of how much they earn.
&gt;unless they're working for the Feds. Military people stationed there, scientests, post office workers all pay federal tax. So yes, Puerto Ricans in general do not pay federal income tax, regardless of how much they earn. The majority of Puerto Ricans are not federal employees. &gt;Also, even with avoiding Fed tax, PR local taxes are pretty steep. What do local taxes have to do with anything? The comment I replied to said that PR was just like a state in almost every way except they can't vote for president and don't have representation in Congress. That is not true, there are massive differences beyond that regarding the status of PR.
Federal employees pay federal income tax, yes, but federal employees are a minority of all employees in PR. Non-federal employees (anyone employed by the local government or by a private company) does not owe federal income tax on their PR-derived income. In general, PR residents are not liable for federal income tax. Compare this with any of the 50 states or DC where all people are liable for federal income tax, regardless of who their employer is.
Immigrations enforcement is a federal issue and states have no obligation to assist the federal government in any manner relating to it.
Then why do they fight so hard to deny LGBTQ people their rights?
Nope, federal law only requires emissions testing if air quality falls below a certain threshold. I moved out to MN this summer and there are no inspections at all here, emissions or safety.
I wouldn't say that the question is confusing at all. Nothing says we have to refer to networks by their network ID and mask bits, or by their network ID and subnet mask, we just need to give an address (which may be a host, network, or broadcast address) and a mask or subnet mask that uniquely identifies a network. Also the question is likely very deliberately worded, as are test questions often worded, to catch people that don't read the entire question or who don't really understand the concepts, and see a [172.16.85.0](https://172.16.85.0) and assume that its a /24.
That depends how often he has to do it. If you spend a day writing a script that saves you 5 minutes once a year, that's not a great tradeoff. If you spend a day writing a script that saves you 5 minutes a day, that's a great deal.
NPS doesn't support tacacs though, does it? I thought it was radius only.
1500 hosts is too big but best practice says up to a /21?
My point is that the poster above me says 1500 is too big but best practice says a /21 is as big as you should go. A /21 is 2046 hosts.
I thought lot lizards where ladies of ill repute that hung around truck stops?
To be fair, rioting and striking are French national pastimes.
UBI replaces all/most other welfare programs with one that is easier to use and eliminates the mess of dozens of different programs with different eligibilities and phase out plans. Let's say that the UBI is set at $10,000 and phases out at 50%. Someone who doesn't work earns $0 and gets $10,000. Someone who earns $5,000 would lose $2,500 of the benefit and get a total of $12,500. Someone who earns $10,000 would lose $5,000 of the benefit and get a total of $15,000. Someone who earns $20,000 or more would lose all of the benefit and get whatever they earn. Income taxes would start somewhere above $20,000 with a marginal rate on the first $20,000 of 0%. With this there is always an incentive to earn more, unlike the current system with many benefit cliffs, and it is easier to administer.
Yes, every day for the past 10 years or so.
What do we do when someone's private key is compromised? Also being able to prove who you voted for opens us up to voter intimidation and coercion. We have a secret ballot for a reason.
There is a database somewhere that would tie keys to people, otherwise you can't invalidate them when they die, move, or otherwise become ineligible to vote. We must assume that database will be compromised, at which point the voting ledger becomes public knowledge. Even without a database compromise, private keys could be disclosed voluntarily or stolen and then used to pay or coerce votes.
A call/email/letter purporting to be from your local election commissioner that says they need to verify you are still in possession of your key or you will be dropped from the rolls. The vast majority of people simply do not understand what a private key is or it's significance and will disclose it with little concern. Even people who should know the significance of private keys do things like email them because it's more convenient than securely transferring them.
They don't have to use it themselves once they have the key they can prove how you did/did not vote. This opens us up to paying people for votes or coercion. If you validate votes with blockchain you cannot also have a secret ballot. At best, you're obfuscating who voted for who, at worst you're creating a public ledger of how individuals vote.
Better, but we're still a compromised key away from a public voting ledger, and what advantage does this give? Presumably one knows whether or not they have voted. If the issue is votes not being recorded or not being recorded properly, effort would be better spent addressing those problems.
Which we why we don't just rely on some random volunteer. There are multiple with independent observers and each interested party can send an observer.
Depending on specialty, the debt from med school isn't a big deal anyway. Sure, $200k sounds like a lot now, but if you do pretty much anything other than family med or peds, you're looking at 50%-150% of your salary. Even family med/peds in a big city and you're looking at 200% salary or so, not that different than many people see after getting an undergrad. It gets interesting when your deferrals and forebearances start running out the summer after you graduate but before you start practicing.
I passed the current version, also with an 860/860. The OCG is not nearly enough. Also if you don't have ASDM to play around with you're at a major disadvantage.
I would hold off on Security until after you have the R&amp;S. Security assumes an R&amp;S level understanding of many topics, and its a difficult test to begin with, especially if you don't have a way to play around with ASDM.
&gt; And as the 2nd car was getting read to pass the bus I tried warning them by flashing my high beams to get their attention, but no dice. They didn't notice the giant yellow bus with flashing lights everywhere. What made you think they would notice you flashing your lights? &amp;#x200B;
I'm still in the relatively early stages of my career (in IT for 5 years or so), but I've never had anyone ask how well I can type. Your knowledge of troubleshooting, servers, OSes, networking, security, or whatever is far, far more important than how fast you can type. Typing is a learned skill though. Unless you have a disability that would prevent you from typing "properly," there's no reason you can't learn how to do it *if you want to learn and are willing to put in the effort.*
Yes, you give an SVI (or RVI in Juniperland) an IP address. The VLAN itself doesn't have an IP and there isn't any reason you can't have arbitrarily many subnets on a given VLAN (not that it's a good idea in most cases). Nobody calls them SVIs in practice though, you just give the VLAN an address, either for management, for routing, or both.
Hmm, we've never had any need to distinguish, except on tests. I can see why you would want to call it an SVI, especially if you had routed ports.
Were you interviewing at a trademark law firm or something? That's pretty asinine.
&gt; It slows the car down while not affecting the wheel rotation. If it doesn't affect wheel rotation, and it isn't aero, how is it slowing the car down? &amp;#x200B;
I got one for my CCENT and R&amp;S, all I got for Security was a letter saying I meet NSA/CNSS requirements for INFOSEC recognition.
The truck is approximately 1 second behind the Dodge, that's tailgating.
Great. My girlfriend finished her residency and we moved halfway across the country together. I found a new job in about 2 months making 20k more than I was previously in a lower cost of living area. Went on an awesome vacation to the UK this summer right after we moved. Ring shopping now, hopefully 2019 will be just as awesome, if expensive.
I don't know you, I probably don't care about what you're going to talk about, and I have my phone. Why would I want to talk to you?
&gt; but provided as $10K from rental income and $20K from cashing old bonds. Cashing in a bond is not "income," so there's your problem.
When has the memo ever been upheld by a court?
Then you need to practice. Is *so* much easier to just rattle off phonetics than try to hope they heard you correctly or do the whole "c as in cat" thing.
Cores are running MSTP in auto-edge mode, the switch I was adding was not running stp at all. STP *should* have put one of the two ports into blocking mode, but it didn't, at least not immediately. &amp;#x200B;
5 minute response time, if in the US, isn't even "on call," it's "working." See "engaged to wait."
Generally, no. There are some circumstances in which some classes of individuals are required to report knowledge or suspicion of certain crimes. But in those cases failure to disclose is an independent civil and/or criminal offense, not an accessory to the original offense. With the exception of the limited classes of "mandatory reporters" of limited classes of crimes, there is generally no obligation to share with law enforcement any knowledge of any crime, absent a warrant or subpoena. An accessory to a crime must commit actual actions furthering or concealing the crime. Merely failing to inform law enforcement of a crime does not meet this standard.
Two reasons for me. One, because many companies get so many applicants with experience *and* a degree that step one of the filtering process is "throw everything without a bachelor's in the trash." Two, I want to finish my degree. I started a BS in Mechanical Engineering when I was 18, but I was too immature and failed out of college. 10 years later and it's time to finish a BS, even if it isn't in ME any more. There's also very likely an MS in my future even though I know it is unlikely to help my career.
Is General Tso actually spicy anywhere? It's always labeled that way on menus, but it's milder than boxed taco kits...
Yeah, let's completely ignore the intervening 100 years and everything that has happened in the meantime.
What law prohibits private companies from cooperating to block specific viewpoints on their platforms?
Antitrust maybe, but there is no civil rights claim to be had. There is no 1st Amendment claim and political views are not a protected class.
If the state voted for the Republicans, surely they would have won the election for at least some of the state-wide offices that were up last month. Unless, of course, you are suggesting some sort of widespread election fraud...
But this means I have to buy, and then eat, "parmesan cheese" that comes in a can... I'd rather slip and break my neck on ice.
Unless the ISP has a valid lease with the landlord, which they very well may. In that case, what happens is entirely for a judge to decide, and most of the replies in this thread are going to have the judge very unhappy with OP and his company.
You asked "What is the best shade for tail-lights n' reflectors tint so other drivers could see the illumination output (i.e. turn signal, reverse, and brake light)?" The answer to that is very simple; do absolutely nothing. Tinting your headlights and taillights at all makes them work less effectively. If you happen to be in an accident, regardless of whose fault it is, the fact that your lights are tinted is going to be used against you.
&gt;How can it be nearly 2019 and we can't find a cure for spam calls? Because the fundamental principles behind the phone system are essentially unchanged since the 19th century. It was never intended to be secure in any way other than the trust in the exchanges nor was it ever imagined VoIP would come about or it could be automated to this degree. Any attempt to "fix" phones is going to be a massive clusterfuck.
One of the fundamental principles of insurance is that you cannot insure willful malfeasance.
I don't think anyone, anywhere, "asks" what pronouns someone uses. But if you're talking to someone and they say "hey, call me he/she please," how hard is it to accommodate that?
Unless I'm mistaken, the case Englander-Henning ruled on is a separate case in the Florida courts. Bloom is correct in applying *Warren v DC* and *Castle Rock v Gonzalez*, but they do not preclude Florida's constitution or laws from creating an obligation to protect the students.
I'm not aware of any circumstances where a warrantless search of a cell phone can be compelled, with the exception of at the border. Search of phones incident to arrest was ruled to be a 4th Amendment violation a few years ago. However, if there is a warrant, you cannot refuse to unlock with biometrics but you cannot be compelled to divulge a password or code.
The bike was also stationary long before the car initiated the turn. Hitting a stationary object is always the moving driver's fault.
&gt;And of course they're interchangeable. A great athlete makes for a great athlete. You're not talking about a golfer going to soccer. It's the relative same motions. Baseball pitching and softball pitching are two very different motions that have nearly nothing in common aside from the fact that you're throwing a ball. Also, she was a great athlete at 12. It is not at all unusual for the exceptional 12 year olds to be above average or even average athletes by the time they're 18. An exceptional 12 year old girl can throw just as hard as a very good 12 year old boy, but an above average 18 year old girl is going to need to have the control of someone like Jamie Moyer or she'll be batting practice.
&gt;Now our hero is a resident at a hospital somewhere making the average $55K/year. Sounds like decent money, right? Except remember he has that $50K monkey on his back and now he has to make payments on that. A resident with $50k in loans? That's cute... Though most of your residents are in IBR and/or forbearance.
A squirrel or rabbit can certainly cause problems, especially in the middle of the desert. Impact with an animal at those speeds can very easily result in radiator damage. I watched a Porsche 911 drop *all* of his coolant in about 150 yards at Summit Point after hitting a groundhog. Do that in the middle of the desert with no/poor cell service and you have a pretty big problem.
Good reason to use one? None. Reason someone would try to use one? Generator -&gt; wall socket to power the circuit when power is out.
30 minutes out of the cities here and there's a noticeable accent. I am a transplant though. Let me keep my wooder and you can have your rufs and baegs.
The ECs power to do that is just like the Queen's power to overrule any law Parliament passes. The first time it happens will be the last time that body exists. The people would not stand the EC voting for a candidate the people did not select in sufficient numbers to change the outcome.
That depends on where you stand on moral relativism and moral absolutism.
$300 a night cash or after expenses? Otherwise you need to deduct fuel, tires, wear and tear on the car, depreciation, insurance (you did pay extra for the insurance that covers rideshare use, right?), the extra taxes that apply due to being 1099 and not w2...
God help you if you run into a Leoncello with any of the UK's 40mm 2-pdr guns. Very limited ability to pen from most angles. You can get through the turret cheeks but often does little or no damage.
Baby it's cold outside
I did my written test and applied for my license at the site in Anoka at US-10 and Cutters Grove Ave, then registered my car at the Anoka city hall dmv where they tried to charge me sales tax...
No, haven't followed up in person yet, might do that this Saturday if the one in my town is open. I saw somewhere online to check status by you need a DL number first, so that doesn't help.
I don't see anything on it that looks like a MN number. There is a number at the top that begins with 2018, but there's no letter and the website won't accept a number as the first character.
The power loss due to resistance is proportional to distance and current, not voltage. It is more efficient to run high voltage low current over long distances than it is to run low voltage and high current to achieve the same power. Transmission lines from power plants to cities are usually 250-500kV. When they get near the community they serve they hit a substation that drops the voltage to 10-20kV. Once those lines get to the towns they serve they drop again to the voltage that is delivered to your house.
Soft power means you can often avoid using your hard power. Using hard power means people die, theirs and ours.
&gt;He said that they have differences of opinion Yes, Mattis said that he believes our allies are important and must be preserved and we need to treat them with respect. Something that Trump and Mattis disagree on. A president that does not value our allies is deeply concerning.
Your state doesn't share enough of its data with the federal government.
Unless you were black in much of the country. Or a woman who had aspirations of a life beyond the house. Or a gay man. Or any of the other innumerable groups of people who were marginalized and oppressed.
Fuck that. The client can deal with downtime at a time where anything not going absolutely perfectly doesn't mean working a major holiday to fix it. Their business is *not* that important.
We can't unfuck the situation and make ISIS never have gained a stronghold in the first place. We've made our bed, now we need to lay in it. Staying is the least bad option.
Soda. But I'm from NJ.
Also, I've noticed that doctors other than OB/GYN just don't like to deal with lady parts. My SO is an OB and she often gets calls from the ER while she is on call for a woman with bleeding or something else relatively minor, and they call the on call OB before they even attempt to diagnose themselves. There have been too many 2am calls that she finishes with "And? You're a physician too, you can do a speculum exam just as well as I can. Why don't you do that and page me if there are any problems."
Possibly, yes. But if they didn't want liability they shouldn't have gone to medical school. The MD/DO in charge is ultimately responsible for all patients under their care, that isn't a secret. This is something that any ER physician is trained to handle and they should be comfortable with it. I'f it's unusual bleeding and they can't determine a cause, sure, call in the OB for a look. But that's the last option, not the first. It might be wanting a woman to do it too, but not all OBs are women. The doctor can handle it with a chaperone present if the patient requests (and it might be policy to have a female RN/LPN/MA/etc in the room anyway.
ER physicians are trained, to a degree, in gynecology, as are family medicine and many internal medicine doctors. Yes, an OB/GYN has *more* knowledge of gynecological issues than an ER or family med, but there isn't any good reason that an in-house ER physician needs to call an at home on-call OB/GYN before even attempting to examine the patient for something relatively minor. If the attending had examined the patient and been unable to determine the source or had found a problem that needed immediate attention from an OB/GYN, then yes, a page would be warranted. For the second part, that is why hospitals generally have same-gender staff chaperones available if a patient requests, and are sometimes required by policy.
They have a trademark on a very specific color brown, not just any brown. Also trademark enforcement is much more limited than copyright enforcement.
I was over in London this summer and I definitely remember reading that at the Churchill War Rooms.
Pretty much everyone would consider the valvetrain to be "inside the engine."
Routers that have 5-10 separate interfaces are not at all in the price range of a SOHO. You probably have a consumer router and/or modem combo that has an integrated switch. In which case, you still have a switch, even if it isn't a separate box.
True, most companies lease printers/copiers from a vendor, but those vendors and/or the manufacturer still need techs that can repair them. I saw tons of postings for copier technician positions, mostly from MSPs, the last time I was looking for a job.
[This](https://media.kare11.com/assets/KARE/images/613044849/613044849_750x422.jpg) is from Minnesota during our first snow storm back in November. People up here still can't drive in the snow even though it happens for 4-6 months of the year.
The Devils are a NYC team in all but name.
The truth. Tell them you need to give your current employer notice and you can start 2 weeks or whatever other period applies after you have an offer letter and/or have passed the background check and drug test if needed. If you think there's any chance you might fail a background check or drug test, try to delay resigning until you know you've passed. If there's any chance you're going to fail the drug test (and not because of prescription drugs prescribed to you and taken as directed), well... you knew you were going to be applying for a job, right?
A piece of paper and some scotch tape would have the kid drawing on something that can just be thrown away...
The "limit" isn't really a limit. It's illegal to drive impaired. If you're acting impaired, you can be arrested regardless of BAC. If you're above the "limit" you are impaired regardless of how you're acting.
They'll get in the house one way or another. Through a window, or cut a hole in a door/wall with their pulaski.
Or, the executive branch cannot be allowed to ban an item that they themselves have repeatedly said is legal at their whim. Especially when their ban is plainly contradictory to a law passed by Congress on the subject.
Do you have any recommendations? So far I've only been to Yangtze near the doubletree at 394 and Xenia. They were pretty awesome.
If they shut down ATC the weekend before Christmas there would be literal riots.
Partly because one party starts bringing up bullshit like "government death panels."
Fighter pilots are just different. I can see a lot of them really not liking that.
They also shut them down somewhere between -10 and -30 F, depending on which winterization package was applied. Below that and the oil used to lubricate all of the bearings gets too viscous and stops being a lubricant.
Cornmeal isn't "corn" though. It's pretty common to put cornmeal under any kind of bread dough as it's baking.
I never said it was a good idea.
Do the networks in the different VLANs overlap? Do your switches pass the appropriate VLANS on their uplink to the router? &gt;Have it configured correctly and everything &gt;still doesn't work. Since it isn't working, how are you sure it's configured properly?
MDs (and DOs) that specialize in psychiatry are not psychologists, they're psychiatrists. Psychologists are Ph.Ds in Psychology or Clinical Psychology. There is a great shortage of both psychiatrists and psychologists in most of the US though.
&gt;If they want to go even faster than me, go around. If you're passing people, that's fine. But if they could "go around" that means you've got a break in cars that you're passing and you should move over. &gt;There is already enough to worry about in front of you If you're only worrying about what's in front of you on the road you're a terrible driver.
Absent a warrant or other official police business, police have no right to enter any premesis against the owner's wishes. If a business owner wants to tell a cop that he can't bring his gun, then the cop who is there *as a customer* has the choice of not entering the business or leaving his gun behind.
Nope, a tractor trailer full of fans just went past me on track.
Qualifying is 42 minutes from this comment.
What exactly would you like us to do.
There was also a person down at turn 3/4. An extrication van with a doctor onboard pulled up just as the marshal's buses were going past. An ambulance went past me on the bus at about 9A (straight before the hairpin) a few minutes later.
I was right in front of you and slightly to the right. Intervention/Lights at turn 2.
Even if Haddonfield is full, Woodcrest is only a 10 minute drive from Haddonfield and has more than enough free and paid parking that it never fills up.
Or they could hang on to their butts and deposit them in an ashtray or other appropriate receptacle like a god damned civilized human being.
Disagree on the ear plugs part. I was at Montreal this weekend, and sure, the Porsches were louder than the F1 cars. But the F1 cars were still loud enough that being 10 feet away from one at full throttle is a bad idea.
The symbol in the top right is the United Church of Christ, which is congregational but as an organization supports LGBTQ rights, will marry gay/lesbian couples, will ordain women and gay/lesbian people, and is pro-choice. I'm not sure why they have both the UMC and UCC symbols though.
The UCC is sticking to their interpretation of the Bible in that they believe God calls us to love all, even gay people. One of the central tenets of the UCC is that the church is for *everyone*. Without exception.
50 year olds that use computers for games are a very small market today, just like 40 year olds that did 10 years ago. In another 16 years, it will likely be a much larger market than it is today.
Which is why it isn't called an emergency brake anymore. It's the parking brake. Parking brakes are much cheaper and easier to service than transmissions.
&gt; Property also generally appreciates He said property *generally* appreciates, not property *always* appreciates. [https://fred.stlouisfed.org/series/MSPUS](https://fred.stlouisfed.org/series/MSPUS) Take a look at the data here. There is no 10 year period where the median sales price does not increase.
I didn't realize bikes had so little torque. 23Nm is about 17 ft-lbs. Certainly enough that it could hurt you if you aren't expecting it or have your fingers in the wrong spot, but any adult should be able to stall the motor with little difficulty.
Great for cyclists, but I have some serious concerns about traffic light controllers that accept connections from any internet sources. Industrial and other IoT devices are notoriously insecure. Rule #1 is no internet. Perhaps they have connections limited to just those IPs used by the app's servers, but it's not unreasonable to assume that they do not. It's also not unreasonable to assume that the app's servers live in AWS or another cloud provider and that IPs that are used by more than just that app are open in the firewall for these devices.
Abortion is legal in Ireland largely because of a high profile case where a woman and her baby died recently because she was denied an abortion.
Blue flag. F1 and WEC (and possibly others) use light panels in addition to traditional flags because they are easier to see and the signal from the panel can also be transmitted to the car (in some series). For F1, a yellow or double yellow will also show on the steering wheel for any car within the sector controlled by the light panel. Yellow, double yellow, surface, green, and white are controlled by a marshal near the panel at all times. Blue is controlled by a marshal during practice and qualifying, but not the race, and you may not see many panels being used for blue flags in F1, especially at Montreal, because the panels and/or marshals controlling them are not always in a position where they were capable of blue flagging. During the race, blue flags are controlled by race control, that's how they get the car number to show. Race control only is capable of deploying a SC, VSC, and red flag. Based on what I've seen today, the blues are probably controlled by marshals at Le Mans as well, but I'm not positive. Source: Ran light panels for F1 at Montreal in 2017 and 2019.
&gt;It's pretty much completely illegal for government funded public schools to teach, feature, or promote any religious ideas or concepts at all here. That's simply not true. It's illegal for the government to fund religious education, but it is absolutely not illegal for the government to fund education about religion. Most history classes will include sections about the dominant religions relevant to the times and places studied, including what those religiona believe(d) and possibly including excerpts of relevant scripture. *Promoting* religion is not permitted. But to fail to teach about religion at all would be to do a great disservice to the students.
&gt;I'm crossing my fingers that CP is strict liability. Please no. There are far too many ways digital CP could end up in places where the people in control of the machines do not know it exists. As much as I hate Jones, he could plausibly be telling the truth. Computers are relatively easy to compromise, especially if a specific group is targeted by a competent attacker. If compromised, the attacker could load arbitrary code and/or files onto the machine. Timestamps, permissions, and access logs are not always reliable and may not even exist.
Why should the FIA apologize for catching a team that is not following the rules? For all we know they were compliant before the race and deliberately cheated and thought they could get away with it. It's *probably* a mistake, but there's no way to prove either way. I'm involved with umpiring baseball, and it's the exact same way there. Before the game we check equipment (bats, helmets, catcher's gear, etc) to make sure it's legal. If it comes to our attention during the game that a piece of equipment is not legal, the consequences are the same. It doesn't matter if we erroneously said the equipment was OK pre-game or if the team hid the illegal gear and hoped to get away with it. I'm not going to apologize to a team for catching an illegal bat after they hit a game winning home run with it, even if they say I checked it pre-game. It's their responsibility to show up with legal equipment.
&gt; Which leads me to question 2: would that be jumping the start? Per game rules, yes, because it isn't smart enough to distinguish between jumping the start and P1 gaming the system, and fixing that is not in any way a trivial task. For any real people, absolutely not. Once P1 hits the gas, they hit the gas and racing has started. If, in a real race, P1 accelerates and brakes like that after the safety car/pace car has pulled off, they're likely going to be invited to have a chat with the stewards.
Source for lemon laws on used cars from a private seller?
So it's not "if you sell me some beater that breaks down completely within 30 days, then legally I can return it to you." It's "if you sell me a broken car *and* I can prove that you knew about the problem and failed to disclose it, legally I can return it to you. That's a pretty significant difference. Have fun trying to prove what another person knew about the car.
I wouldn't be surprised, depending on what kind of inspection is required. Power companies use helicopters for visually inspecting (and sometimes servicing!) Power lines because it's faster than driving along them.
Above ground pools are significantly cheaper and don't have to deal with potentially complicating problems that might be in the ground, like very rocky soil, high water table, and freezing.
Deposits over $10k are automatically reported. Structuring deposits such that you attempt to evade that requirement is a federal crime. See 31 USC Sec 5324.
&gt;I think the attitude is that if the device isn't connected to the internet, who cares? Because it's *probably* still networked even if it doesn't have internet access. That makes it a vulnerable point in the network for any malware that is able to get onto the network, either from an internet connected PC with access to this PC, or from a flash drive.
Unless it is an obsession that is adversely impacting relationships, responsibilities, or work performance, it's not really a problem. There are some health risks involved with being seated for such a long time, but that's not unique nor directly related to gaming.
Yes, though thankfully I don't need them often. I have GERD (gastroesophageal reflux disease) which causes me to get severe heartburn (to the point of aspiration while sleeping) daily, especially at night, regardless of what, how much, or when I ate. Fortunately it's well managed by a daily medication that I take now (Omeprazole, a proton pump inhibitor).
&gt; where racing circuits are pretty smooth. Sure, the track itself is usually very smooth. But a lap around a racetrack will often include 1-6 significant impacts with curbs comparable to, or worse than, the potholes a road car sees.
Quite a few Protestant denominations don't view homosexuality as inherently evil. The United Church of Christ, the Episcopalian Church, and the Presbyterian Church (U.S.A.) will all perform same sex marriage and ordain LGBTQ clergy.
An MCAS failure would present as runaway trim (uncommanded, undesirable trim inputs). The fix for runaway trim is to disable the trim motors and trim manually.
Unfortunately for Martin Luther, he's been dead for several centuries and the reformation has progressed far beyond what he could ever have imagined. He doesn't get to decide what is and isn't Protestant.
Laparoscopic surgeries often get converted to open if there are complications. OP likely started laparoscopically.
Not all denominations believe that the Bible is God's literal word. Some believe that it is divinely inspired but ultimately the work of man.
/r/im14andthisisdeep *Every* belief system is man made and full of wrong and stupid ideas. This includes all forms of secular philosophy as well. For many, religion can provide an important guidance for life choices as well as a structure and community to aid when they are dealing with life's troubles.
So no secular philosophy contains anything that a person could consider wrong or stupid? If that's the case, the wikipedia article on an arbitrarily selected philosophy would not contain any "criticism" or "controversies" sections, or anything similar. https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Utilitarianism#Criticisms Since there appear to be at least one aspect of Utilitarianism that at least one person views to be "wrong or stupid," it looks like secular philosophies are not inerrant after all. In the words of a wise woman many years ago; &gt;Seek the answers, but run from any who claims to have them.
I didn't miss the second part. Degrees of "wrongness" or "craziness" are subjective and dependent on the beliefs and experiences of those evaluating them. Also some of the things that utilitarianism critics argue the theory supports I would consider to be "crazy" (see the Baby Farming section). &gt;And whatever you linked is not agnosticism or atheism. Neither agnosticism or atheism are philosophies. Agnosticism is the belief that the existence of God (or many gods, or other divinity or supernatural powers) is either unknown or unknowable. Atheism is the belief that God (or many gods, other divinity, or supernatural powers) does not exist. Neither atheism or agnosticism speak directly to any moral or ethical arguments. Furthermore, nothing meaningful can be said about the moral or ethical principals of "atheists" or "agnostics" in general because many people who subscribe to these beliefs have widely varying moral and ethical beliefs. You're free to believe that all religion is bad, always, if you so choose. But would it not instead be wise to seek to understand why religion exists and why billions of people around the world actively participate in one form or another?
Your interpretation of the Bible.
It is amazing. We actually have a place up in here in MN that does it justice, despite half the state thinking ketchup is spicy.
&gt;Why do the dumbest of the white people have the most hate for people from other countries? Is it because it's the only sense of power they have? In my opinion, it's largely due to a lack of exposure. I grew up in a relatively wealthy suburb of Philadelphia and spent the first 28 years of my life there. Very few people were (at least openly) xenophobic or racist. People that looked and thought different from you weren't limited to just foreigners, they were your neighbors, your children's friends, your coworkers. Your child's baseball/soccer/football team had black, indian, and Hispanic kids. You drove past mosques and synagogues on the way to the grocery store, not just churches, and those churches were far more varied than I see here in rural MN. Out here, just west of the cities, I think my workplace of about 150 has two or three black people. No Asian people, nobody from India. Nobody from the middle east. The nearest mosque is at least 45 minutes away, and the same for the nearest synagogue. Many people are afraid of the unfamiliar.
My dad avoided the draft by going to college and then optometry school. One of my uncles enlisted in the Navy.
You should be at highway speed until you are completely within the deceleration lane anyway.
Do you trust your employees? If yes, what's the problem. If no, why are they your employees?
Check your auto insurance policy. Many of them apply when any covered person is a driver, passenger, pedestrian, or cyclist.
&gt;And in reality only some spots can you see the tower from within the circle. In at least 90 percent of the circle you cant see the tower. If you can't see the tower from a specific location because your view is blocked by terrain, buildings, or trees, then a person on top of the tower can not see that spot either. &gt; You can see the Universe from Earth but can you see the Earth from the Universe? If you know where to look, yes, absolutely. It might take some magnification, but yes yo could see it. If any arbitrary point A can see any arbitrary point B, then B can necessarily also see A.
Impersonating a federal agent, plus possessing a stolen car and attempting to obtain money by false pretenses in OK. Sounds like a real winner.
I was in front of the grandstands in t1/2 of Montreal a couple weeks ago. So many people just kept throwing their trash off the grandstands, it was disgusting.
&gt;The fourth amendment prohibits unlawful searches and seizures. The 4th Amendment prohibits *unreasonable* searches and seizures. So far, no courts have accepted the argument that these mobile inspection checkpoints are unreasonable.
&gt; Car insurance can be extortionate, especially for young (&lt;30) male drivers reaching into the £5-600/year range. £600 ($765) per year is extortionate? I pay $700/6mo, no accidents or tickets, and I'm a 28 year old guy. When we were in the UK last summer, prices didn't seem that unreasonable for food/restaurants and similar things, even after accounting for the currency exchange.
Not that your counselor was necessarily using it this way, but yes, people can become addicted or obsessed with many types of behaviors and that is bad. Generally the threshold is when the behavior starts adversely affecting relationships, responsibilities, or work perfomance. So if, for example, you feel so compelled to work out that you start neglecting your SO, or children, or if you work out instead of going to bed knowing that you won't be able to get up and go to work tomorrow, it's a problem.
Only when we get a request from HR to specifically look at browsing habits. By that point HR is looking for a reason to fire you though, so you're screwed anyway. We do track the location of all company vehicles at all times however, but that's more of a safety issue. We're a power company, so if something happens we can dispatch emergency services and have a very precise (&lt;10m) GPS location 24/7.
No, absolutely not. My family hadn't even moved to the US until after the civil war, should I have to pay reparations because I'm white? What we do need is a more robust and effective welfare program open to all people, regardless of race.
It *could* be allowed to go into effect, but given the fact that it is wholly contrary to Supreme Court precedent, there will almost certainly be an injunction issued before that happens.
Car, public transit doesn't exist here. 20-25 minutes, 17 miles.
The last time I was looking for jobs I saw posts from both Uber and Lyft that ended with "great for &lt;insert every job title ever here&gt;" How obnoxious could you possibly be?
The germans were also better at not getting invaded than most of their neighbors. There's a reason German isn't another Romance language and it's not for a lack of trying by the Romans.
I don't know what the laws are like there, but I work for a power company and you aren't getting a connection from two power companies in our territory. It's illegal for another company to run distribution lines within our territory. Depending on where you are and how much you're willing to pay, we can get you a feed from two different substations though.
You actually have a choice of distributors? As in you can call multiple companies and have wires run to your building? Or can you choose your "provider" which is a company that just resells power, and you pay a separate distribution fee. This is the one that's common in states that have deregulated electricity.
Yes to both. My current employer ran a background check on me and I had to take a drug test. Both paid for by the company. Network admin at a small power company.
The alternative that the majority presented is untenable. They admit that partisan gerrymandering is anti-democratic yet they told the very group that benefits most from it to fix it. Do you expect the legislature in NC to ever entertain an anti-gerrymander law?
A non-priest individual has no obligation to report knowledge of a crime to the police. Why should priests be different?
&gt;Priests should face the same legal compulsion to divulge first hand knowledge of utterances by criminals that any citizen does. Which, in the US, is exactly none.
The "different" here is having an obligation. The vast majority of professions have no such obligation and also have no legitimate religious freedom argument to make.
In most of the US, you can't choose not to drive. It's not a luxury, it's a necessity when there is no public transit and employment and grocery stores are 10-20 miles alway.
Reparations is a terrible idea. Nobody alive today either owned slaves or was a slave. What is a good idea, however, is a robust and effective welfare system available to all who need it, regardless of race.
&gt;There are several dozen practical alternatives. Please, name them. &gt;Nice straw man by the way, this has nothing to do with applying for a license. It's choosing to drive under the influence. Did you read the title? It's about getting a license implying you consent to a blood draw, not about driving drunk.
Why use a refueling station at all? I typically just fuel trains at the main base where they load/unload.
There will be lead in the solder of all of the joints, but there isn't any significant lead poisoning concern.
It likely doesn't have the right coupler to pull freight. Most high speed trains are designed to be used only with a specific locomotive and cars.
&gt;I work in government so staffing was limited. I was on vacation so I spent my evenings off performing FORTY in place upgrades. What the fuck is wrong with you?
Not every union works in the interests of their employees. My first job was a union position at a local grocery store. We were paid about $0.25 above minimum wage and had benefits comparable with most retail workers. For this privilege we paid $100 initiation plus about $8/week. My second job, also retail but non union, paid about $2 more than the union job and had comparable benefits. The union leaders were making almost half a million dollars per year by taking it directly out of the hands of minimum wage workers. Working part time, I often didn't make minimum wage after dues (a bit more than 1 hour's pay) was taken out.
Half the employees were high school kids and would be gone in 12-24 months. Of course they were unengaged. That doesn't change the fact that we would literally have been better off with minimum wage (which nobody pays. *all* retail jobs in the area started at minimum + 0.25-0.75) and no dues than with the "deal" that the union negotiated.
It's not a dam at all. It's the outflow from a power plant.
It was purpose built for whitewater training for the 1992 Olympics. Kayaking in any whitewater has risks, but artificial courses are safer than rivers. And somehow I doubt they would have built anything unusually dangerous.
Private property only matters if you own or control the property. If you invite your friend over for the evening, he can't bring his handgun and he can't carry yours around your property. It's probably more relevant that it's a firing range.
Incompetence. I never thought I would accuse NJ of having their shit together, but when you get/renew a driver's license in NJ, it's issued on the spot and in your hand before you walk out of the DMV. When I moved to MN in 2018, it took almost 4 months to get the license and the issue date is 3 months after I applied, took the written test, and submitted all my paperwork.
The cost of the tires themselves is negligible. Tires are a consumable and with two sets, you use each set (approximately) half as much. You do need a second set of wheels, but these aren't that expensive, especially if you go for steelies. &gt; If the all seasons work why pay for the second set of tires and rims? All seasons work, up until they don't. There is a massive difference between all season and snow tire performance in snow. With all seasons, driving on packed snow is still driving on snow, it's going to take you longer to stop and you won't be able to turn as well. With good snow tires, packed snow is pretty much indistinguishable from dry pavement. I drive a mustang, not the ideal winter car, especially here in MN. When I bought it I was living in NJ and only used all seasons. It was workable, but snow noticeably reduced traction and I had to be careful with the throttle, even in 3rd gear. I put snow tires on for my first winter in MN. Now, I have to *try* to make the back end break loose in the snow. Either deliberately turning off traction control, stomping on the gas while turning, or something else that you obviously shouldn't do. Every time it snows I pass pickups and SUVs with all seasons in the ditch. I live and work in rural areas and take back roads to work. &gt; I do not think even snow tires would have helped on the glare ice coating hwy 35. They don't, and they aren't supposed to. The only thing that works on ice is studded tires, and those are usually illegal because they absolutely wreck the roads. The correct answer to glare ice is to not drive.
I have (for a few more days) a new car loan with them. I've had no issues with them. You do get a slight discount if you have your paycheck direct deposited with them, so they're my primary checking account now. There are no branches near me, but they are part of a credit union network of free ATMs (nearest to be is at the Walgreens a mile away) and refund $10 of ATM fees per month. Now almost 5 years out of date, but I have a 1.74% apr with (at the time) about a 760ish credit score. I had no history other than a credit card that was always paid on time and student loans that were in deferral when I got this loan.
That depends on where they live. I didn't vote for either Trump or Hillary because I believed (and was correct) that my state would strongly favor Hillary. Had I lived in a swing state, I'd have voted Hillary.
As someone in their early 30s, a bar that won't accept my ID is a bar that doesn't deserve my money. They can fuck right off.
(In 2016) People who support Donald Trump, why? Hes your racist uncle with zero actual political experience who bankrupted his companies multiple times whose greatest claim to fame is being the host of The Apprentice or maybe his cameo in Home Alone 2. Like why would anyone support this guy?
If you have a range on your property, then yeah, they might be able to. If you don't have a range though, 2c:39-5b says it's illegal to possess a handgun without a permit to carry. 2C:39-6e lists some exceptions where the previous prohibition does not apply and "your friends house" isn't one of them.
&gt; Before you jump in and say ‘never keep anything personal on a work computer’ I think the answer is a little more nuanced. It really isn't more nuanced. Work is work. Personal is personal. And never the twain shall meet. I don't own my work devices, I don't have any right or expectation to continue having access to my work devices. They could come and take them away from me right now with no notice and give me no opportunity to access any personal information. They could wipe my cell phone and all contacts right now with no way for me to interfere. My work cell phone is used for work. It doesn't have personal contacts in it. My work laptop is used for work. It comes home with me every night and sits in a bag next to the garage door. My personal cell phone is my personal cell phone. It doesn't get used for work (except minor and incidental things like checking if a publicly accessible resource is actually accessible). It doesn't go on any work networks. It doesn't get any work apps installed. It doesn't get work email. The number isn't given to anyone at work (except my manager and HR). At home I have personal laptops and desktops. They don't get used for work (again, minor and incidental things excluded). They don't get work email. They don't connect to the VPN.
Just found out I never put an updated card in my glove box when my insurance renewed last September. I was at the dealer for some recall work and they wanted proof of insurance to give me a loaner, thankfully they accepted the emailed copy I sent.
I have 5505s and a pair of 5510s in production in critical infrastructure (electric utility). At least the 5510s and a pair of 5516Xs are getting replaced in the next couple months.
He would have been freed before too, unless he was too poor to pay bail. Until he's convicted, he doesn't "belong" in prison. Pretrial detention is only used when the person is an exceptional danger to society (think serial killer, not drunk driver) or is a flight risk.
Bail isn't a punishment, it's a way to ensure that people show up to court. Cash bail does little other than result in a system where the middle class and above get to be free while waiting for their trial and the poor get to wait in jail.
Yes, that is absolutely illegal in NJ. Your friend needs to come to your house, or a range, to see your new gun.
All units are, more or less, "made up." Sure, we're going back now and redefining them based on fundamental physics of the universe, but that's not how they were originally defined. The meter was originally defined as the rather arbitrary "one ten-millionth the distance between the North Pole and the equator along the merdian passing through Paris." From 1795 to 1960 the meter was defined by a prototype bar. The liter is currently defined as the rather arbitary 10cm cube. Prior to that it was also defined as the rather arbitrary volume occupied by the arbitrary one kilogram of the arbitary pure water at maximum density at the arbitrary "standard pressure." Until 2019, the kilogram was always defined by a physical object. Until 1799 that object was one liter of water. From 1799 to 1879 it was a prototype platinum object. From 1879 to 2019-05-20, it was a platinum-iridium object. Since then, it is now defined based on the planck constant, the meter, and the second. The Planck constant is a constant, the meter is defined in terms of the speed of light, as is the second.
There isn't really anything you can do to control what public IP you get from your ISP. Most likely they're assigning it via DHCP with a 1 to 7 day lease. If you renew your lease (the gateway's GUI usually has an option for this) or power off the gateway, you *might* get a new address. If you leave it unplugged or powered off for a long time (at least the remaining lease duration, should be viewable in the gateway's GUI), you *might* get a new address. You also might not get a new address at all, they may have a reservation for your gateway's MAC. &gt;I'd like to force a change by plugging in a third party router to the gateway they give you and changing the MAC address of the router No. The MAC address that your ISP is looking at is the MAC address of their gateway, not your router. Also it's likely that replacing the gateway or otherwise changing the MAC presented to the ISP would require a call to the ISP to work anyway, as many ISPs use some form of port security in their infrastructure.
My brother did this to a early 90's Escort almost 20 years ago. Impact was to the driver's side rear door with about this much intrusion. Front of the car separated at the firewall and was across the road from the passenger compartment. He spent a week or so in the ICU, a few years afterwards recovering, and is more or less fine now, amazingly. Surprised the hell out of some of his nurses when they saw him again in the same hospital a decade later doing his clinical rotations for a paramedic course.
There are no cars on the road that won't fold up like this if they go sideways into a pole/tree at any kind of speed. Even cars with good side impact protection are designed to protect against impact with other cars, not 1-2 foot wide solid objects.
&gt; I’ve seen tips to lie about education because some people will not even look at you without a degree *Never* lie on a resume, application, or in an interview. If you get caught before you're hired, you'll no longer be a candidate for that position and if they have a half decent HR system, you'll never be considered for employment with that company in the future either. If you get caught after you're hired, you'll be fired and in most jurisdictions you won't qualify for unemployment at all.
My only complaint is that the opening isn't big enough. It's a huge trunk, but you can't actually fit large boxes into the opening. It's too narrow between the taillights. Also have fun opening it at night. Those taillights are blinding unless they've changed at all since the 2015s.
Place of business, not place of employment. Regular store employees do not have places of business.
The temperature of the water is mostly irrelevant. Water's ability to keep things cool is derived from its high heat of vaporization. The specific heat of water is 4.186J/g °C. The heat of vaporization of water is 2256J/g. Even if your water is at 0C when the fire arrives, you add only 419J to the energy required to boil it off. More realistically, you add 200-250J. When most organic fuels have specific energies on the order of 10-20MJ/kg, a couple hundred kJ/L of water isn't going to make the difference between your house burning down or not.
It creates a mist as opposed to just hitting the house with a stream of water. Misting is more efficient at cooling than a stream of water is.
The system is being changed in some areas, generally by reducing or eliminating cash bail. In jurisdictions that have reduced or eliminated the number of crimes eligible for bail, they generally have not seen significant changes with how often people show up to scheduled court dates. If bail's purpose is to make sure that someone shows up to their trial, and people released without bail show up to their trials anyway, what's the point of continuing to use bail? Cash bail is a relic of the past. Two hundred years ago if you were wanted for a crime, and you could get a state or two over, you had a realistic chance of not getting caught. Law enforcement in Virginia had no idea who was wanted on warrants issued by New York, except for maybe the most high profile of cases. And even if they did, extradition was difficult. Today, if you have a warrant issued by NJ and get pulled over in CA, the CA cop will absolutely know you have a warrant out for your arrest in NJ. They will know what that warrant is for. And they can also have an answer in 10 minutes as to whether or not NJ is going to put the effort in to extradite you from CA for that warrant.
Anyone that says you can't daily a Mustang year round simply hasn't experience good snow tires. Source: Mustang is my only car up here in rural MN.
Where in NC? NC is a big and long state. If you're in Asheville, Road Atlanta is an hour closer than VIR. If you're in Wilmington, Road Atlanta is 3 hours further away. Also, pretty much anywhere in NC is more or less 3 hours from VIR. Racetracks are pretty spread out and 3 hours isn't that bad to get to one.
It's fairly common to ask their parent's blessing, but permission less so. If I asked for my fiancee's mother's *permission*, I probably wouldn't have a fiancee.
All of the major airlines (Delta, United, American) are about the same. Southwest is decent, but you have to book with them and you're more likely to have a layover or start/end from an alternate airport. The budget carriers are all about the same as well. For one off flights, Southwest or a budget carrier is probably your best bet. If you fly often, pick the major carrier with the best service to your city. I live near Minneapolis, so almost all of my flights (3-4 a year, usually) are with Delta.
Keep in mind that while the liability insurance may or may not increase (likely will to some degree) you'll need to add collision and comprehensive coverage as you will have a financed car. These will add a significant amount to your quote. Ultimately, only an insurance company (you should get quotes from multiple) can give you a remotely accurate answer. Insurance companies base their quotes off a variety of different information and quotes often vary wildly between companies.
I had no issues finding them for mine, though I did drop down to 17s (still factory wheels) to have more sidewall. They did have ones for the 18s that my car came with too.
Most racetracks have limits. Commonly 96-103Db, but occasionally lower. Laguna Seca is one of the worst. Many (modified) cars at events will angle their exhaust away from the microphone. At least with the SCCA, the supps have to include if sound is being used, what the limit is, and where the mic is located. When the supps say that sound is located driver's right at the end of the main straight, all the cars that commonly have issue with sound suddenly have 90 degree tips pointing driver's left installed.
Does your university provide public IPs or private IPs to devices that connect? If private, they will be 10.X.X.X, 192.168.X.X, or 172.16.X.X-172.31.X.X. If it doesn't fall into one of those three, you *might* be able to port forward, but it depends on what kind of firewall(s) sit between your dorm and the internet. Your college is not likely going to be very helpful here. Also, what is your college's policy on allowing routers/switches in dorms? Many colleges do not permit them and will shut down offending ports.
If you've been given a private IP then you're already behind at least 1 layer of NAT. You would need to configure port forwarding both on your router and the university would need to configure a static NAT in their firewall. You can ask, but don't be surprised when the answer is no. If I were in their shoes there's zero chance I would be configuring static NATs for students to host publicly accessible resources.
Your router's WAN IP, not the addresses that devices connected to it get. If your router has a 10.X.X.X or 192.168.X.X or (less likely, 172.16-31.X.X) address as it's WAN address, then your router is also behind NAT.
If your router has a public WAN address, then you might be able to just port forward. There's also a good chance that your university's firewalls will still get in the way though. Try it out and see what works!
I hope you didn't expect anyone to be able to see anything in that picture. It has about 15 pixels total.
Maybe imgur is broken or something then. For me it shows up as a 148x89 jpg.
Runways (often) aren't flat, so they would need to be elevated which messes us the perspective.
&gt; Frictional force is a product of the coefficient of friction times the normal i.e the force the road pushes up on the tires which in this case is the weight, Tires don't produce the majority of their traction due to classical friction though, especially when we're talking about driving on a loose surface like snow. Traction doesn't scale linearly with weight (downforce excluded for simplicity). There's a reason why cars designed to handle well are lighter.
For classical friction, sure. But that's not how tires work, especially on a loose surface.
Our work-centric culture. We should work to live, not live to work. The US is the *only* major nation with no mandatory paid leave for workers (other countries are Kiribati, Marshall Islands, Micronesia, Nauru, Palau, and Tonga). About 75% of employers give paid public holidays. About 75% of employers give paid vacation. For those that give paid vacation, the average is 10 days after 1 year of service. Most developed nations require a minimum of approximately 30 days of paid time off when paid vacation and paid public holidays are combined.
I had intended to buy a moissanite stone last summer, but with larger sizes (approximately 1 carat), the moissanites are distinguishable from diamonds. Lab diamonds are a decent choice also. Cheaper than natural diamonds (though still expensive) and also no chance of them being a conflict stone.
&gt; You absolutely do **not** finance it. Absolutes are always the wrong advice. I financed my fiancee's engagement ring. It was the only sensible option. They offered me 12 months 0% interest and it was the same price as cash.
Mine turn on when they turn on. Benefits of having a modern car with $0.50 worth of electronics I guess...
&gt; If each beer is \~1 pint then I'm already over a gallon. Because of the varying concentrations of beer, wine, and liquor, volumes of alcohol are given in terms of "standard drinks" or volume of pure ethanol. 4 pints of 5% beer is 0.2 pints of alcohol, or 0.025 gallons, not 4 pints (0.5 gallon)
"Cheap" because you're paying for a second hand tube frame and engine, and that's about it. It doesn't stay cheap, especially if you want a competitive motor in the classes that those cars race in. Even if you don't need a competitive motor, consumables are shockingly expensive for stock cars.
Like my fiancee, who turns the heat up as high as it will go despite my repeated attempts to tell her that it doesn't make the car warm up any faster and just results in us getting hot enough that we have to open the windows when it's -10.
Please no. Rain on a roval is a shitshow.
&gt; Brexit is meaningless for the US, if anything a slightly positive thing. Brexit is not meaningless to the US. The UK and the EU are both major economies and uncertainty or poor outcomes in them will have lasting effects on the rest of the world.
In 1950, the average new car was $1,510, equivalent to $16,018 in 2019 dollars. In 1960, the average new car was $2,752, equivalent to $23,769 in 2019 dollars. In 1970, the average new car was $3,542, equivalent to $23,338 in 2019 dollars. In 1980, the average new car was $7,000, equivalent to $21,718 in 2019 dollars. In 1990, the average new car was $15,472, equivalent to $30,264 in 2019 dollars. In 2000, the average new car was $21,850, equivalent to $32,439 in 2019 dollars. In 2010, the average new car was $29,217, equivalent to $34,255 in 2019 dollars. In 2019, the average new car was $37,185. So yes, prices of new cars are rising. A 2020 car is not the same thing as a 1950 car though. They both have four wheels and an engine, and that's about where the similarity stops. Cars are designed to (and do) last far longer than they ever did before. How many people here grew up with their parents saying a 100k mile car was on its last legs? Not the case today, 200k miles or longer is excepted. They also do it with far less maintenance. Gone are the days of 3000 mile oil changes and yearly tuneups. Cars today are also far safer than anything in the in the past. So much so that you can't really even compare the safety of a 2020 model to a 1950 model. Cars today also have far more features included as standard and far more technology. And you *don't* need to buy the "average" car. You can certainly find a good, safe, reliable new car for $20k or less. But it won't be a full size pickup truck or 3 row SUV.
I love F1 and all road racing. Oval racing is boring as fuck. I've been to Montreal for the Canadian GP half a dozen times or so, 2 of them to marshal and the rest to spectate. British GP, Le Mans 24H, 12H of Bathurst, and Nürburgring 24 Hour are on my short list of races to work too.
Flying near term is a bad idea. You don't want to go into labor on a plane. Taking a newborn (&lt;6mo) on a plane is a *very* bad idea. They haven't had many vaccinations at that point and are extremely vulnerable to things like whooping cough that can easily kill them.
Neither rent to own nor car leases are a "scam." Rent to own typically has higher rent payments than a simple lease would. Those higher payments are applied to the value of the house, and if the terms of the contract are fulfilled, the renter will gain possession of the house. The problem with these is that any breach of the lease usually results in a forfeit of the right to acquire the house and all of the extra payments disappear. Similarly, if the renter moves out, they lose all extra payments. Generally, rent-to-own is advantageous for the landlord, not the tenant.
&gt; What happens when the landlord decides not to sell it? SOL? Then you sue the landlord for breaching the contract. In a rent-to-own contract, the landlord doesn't have a choice once the terms of the contract are fulfilled. If it's not a written contract, you don't do it at all. That said, most rent-to-own contracts don't really let you "build equity" while you're renting. The rent payment is higher than if it was just a simple lease, and if and only if the contract is fulfilled, the renter gains possession of the house. Any breach of the lease, failure to pay rent, or moving out early will typically forfeit any interest in the property and the "extra" rent payment.
Metric was supposed to be used. The contract specified metric, part of the software expected numbers in metric, Lockheed wrote code that output in US Customary.
&gt; I guess sometimes orders are written for teaspoons or whatever for the patient's sake Not anymore, or at least they aren't supposed to be. Too many people see "teaspoon" and grab the teaspoon from their silverware set, not a measuring teaspoon. Doses should be given in mL now.
&gt; What about construction? Standard lumber is all in inches. Standard lumber is in inches. Sort of, but not at all really. Go ahead and measure a 2x4, it's sure as hell not 2" x 4". Metrication doesn't necessarily mean that the size of physical things needs to change though. In most cases, they would get rounded to a more friendly number (for example, 500mL (16.9oz) water/soda bottles are gradually replacing 16oz (473mL). Metric fasteners are replacing (or have in some industries like automotive) imperial fasteners. But in cases where there's a compelling reason to retain the orginal physical dimensions, there's no reason we can't sell 2x4s identical to what they are now and call them 38x90mm (close enough to actual size to not matter for construction) or 50x100mm (close enough to nominal size). Drywall/plywood is actually 4'x8', but there's no reason it can't stay the same physical size and be sold as 1219x2239 (or rounded to 1220x2240).
Road signs have a limited lifespan and are replaced on a regular basis anyway, usually 10-30 years. Starting at some date, new signs are dual unit, starting at some future date, new signs are metric only. Transition with no extra cost involved at all.
About 7% of our gross income.
Spent my first 27 years in NJ, what do you mean by no snow? Less snow, sure. But when it does snow it's usually 6-24 inches of slush, not 0-6 inches of dry powder.
I hope you mean *tried* to charge him for it.
Not nearly as ridiculous as a C63 AMG, but I daily my 2015 Mustang in central Minnesota. 8-12 inches of snow coming tomorrow! Drive home from work will be fun.
Easier to remember. It's about 10.75% of net income.
What kind of moron doesn't leave a manual in gear?
Sure it was. Cars in gear don't roll on that gentle of a slope. Either the clutch failed disengaged (not very plausible), the transmission failed (not likely), the shifter got jostled into a gear from the impact (possible), or the car was simply not in gear (most likely).
When the headlights on a stock pickup/SUV are higher than the beltline of a sedan, there's something seriously wrong with the regulations.
Then this video should serve as a warning to why you should *always* park in gear.
Yeah, he did. But cars that are in gear don't roll like that. Go find a manual, leave it in gear, and try to push it. Either the car wasn't in gear, or something catastrophically failed in the drivetrain. If they drove the Corolla away, the only reasonable explanation is that the car wasn't in gear. It's also not implausible that the jolt of the impact knocked the car into gear, but it wasn't previously. Particularly if the car was in 3rd or 4th. Believe it or not, people lie. People lie all the damn time. Go find a doctor or a mechanic or an IT guy and ask how many days it has been since a patient/customer/coworker lied to them, I can guarantee you the answer is 0.
&gt;I’ve heard that if someone were to hit your car while it was parked it can fuck up the transmission And? Then that person's insurance gets to pay to fix your transmission too.
&gt; You do know that the buyer's realtor is no cost to the buyer? So that money just comes out of thin air? The seller pays it out of the goodness of their hearts? No. Buyer's agent fees come out of the price of the house. The price that the buyer pays for the house.
I assumed US, like most of the Reddit population. If you're in Ghana, I doubt you need the defroster very often...
&gt;Also the fact they expand makes them sharp like RIP rounds and that will cut up doctor's gloves even though there has never been a documented case of that happening Doctors don't usually pull shrapnel out of a patient with their hands...
Maybe in Kansas it is. Try that in NJ and people will call you an asshole to your face, in MN they'll just call you an asshole behind your back.
Electric heat is actually 100% efficient. The problem is that per unit of energy, electricity usually costs significantly more than gas or oil. Electric heat is still common in rural areas though. Up here in rural MN the power coop I work for has a special program where people can use dual fuel heat and use electric for half price when we are in low demand and use gas, propane, or oil when electricity is in high demand.
&gt; Also getting money out of DCU’s system isn’t easy. I've never had an issue. Debit card works everywhere, they have a decent network of nationwide free ATMs, and they refund $10 in ATM fees a month. I've also never had any trouble transferring money from DCU to other bank accounts or paying bills from the DCU checking account.
Interesting. My fiancee's pager just gets a sent a phone number to call back.
It's a medical pager. She just gets a phone number to call back unless it's an after-hours patient call forwarded by the answering service. Then she gets a name (but nothing else) so she can check the chart and call the patient back.
Pretty sure that's the same one she has. I guess they just don't send any details out over the page then.
If you live on this planet and you remove your cats, you're a massive asshole.
&gt;Bit it's not keeping a record of the location, as in the LAT/LONG, just the road type. You could be anywhere in the country. Given a map of road types and a record of road type + distance and turns, those distances/turns could be mapped to a location. Yes, it would take resources, but it's possible. In fact, the more datapoints you have, the better it would be.
AMA is much larger than ACP (100k or so). And even then most physicians are much more strongly associated with their specialty's organization than ACP or AMA.
&gt; I know I have read several accusations that they suppress the number of med school graduates to increase doctor scarcity to increase their members pay. The bottleneck for new doctors in the US is residency slots, which are funded by CMS. Between FMG and US medical schools, there are qualified MD/DOs that don't get residencies every year. If you haven't completed a residency, you can't practice medicine.
&gt; Obamacare would have literally cost me five times as much for less coverage. When you account for the portion of your premiums that your employer is currently covering, is it still 5x as expensive?
I bought a new 2015 a few years ago and took out a $25,000 loan at 1.74% interest to pay for it. Over the course of the loan, that cost me an extra $1,121. Was going from a 1999 to a 2015 worth an extra $1,121. Absolutely.
&gt; He discourages student loans for medical, dental, or law schools, which can have up to $70k a year in tuition alone... He recommends MD PHD, but that is an additional 4 years He's an idiot. Law school might not be such a solid investment, but med school and dental school are. There's a reason many mortgage companies will give a brand new doctor a 0% down jumbo mortgage with nothing more than a contract that may not even start for a few months. My fiancee has about $300k in student loans, most of it from medical school. Going MD PHD, she would be delayed entering the workforce as an attending for 4-6 years. Those 4-6 years would be $1-1.5 *million* in lost income, conservatively. MD PHD programs are for people who want to do research *and* be a physician. Not for people who want to go to med school for free.
They already had to hire someone to install the gas lines to the furnace and fireplace(s) though. Running gas to the kitchen and laundry room at the same time wouldn't be all that much more expensive.
Since when are threats, intimidation, and coercion protected speech? There are no new crimes here.
I have no idea what Virginia considers similar crimes against normal people, so maybe making it more severe? Also looks like they explicitly give Richmond jurisdiction to preclude any arguments in court about where the case should be tried.
Occasionally. When I was at Staples we did have to do training on HP printers every year or so when they came out with new models. It wasn't super in depth though, maybe 30 minutes long.
You're missing the first part of the sentence, you can't just ignore it. "With the intent to coerce, intimidate, or harass..."
Making a vulgar comment isn't a crime, and still wouldn't be under this law, unless there is the intent to coerce, intimidate, or threaten.
A judge and jury, the same people who decide the facts in any criminal case in this country. A reasonable person would not interpret "fuck Trump" to be meant to intimidate or harass lacking context to the contrary.
Sorry, your source doesn't mention anything about making it illegal to criticize the government or government officials.
Yeah, still not reading anything about it being illegal to criticize the government or public officials. Just that it's illegal to use a computer to harass, coerce, or threaten them. Harassment, coercion, and threats are not nor have ever been protected speech, this is nothing new.
Physician mortgages tend to have higher fees and interest rates, but they have benefits that make them attractive, especially to new doctors. Most physician loan guidelines will allow jumbo loans with no down payment. They typically treat student loan debt differently if it's considered at all as many new physicians will fail debt-to-income tests for standard mortgages. And they'll issue a loan with a contract, which may even start after the loan is issues, instead of requiring past and present income.
Currently have a '15 with Ruby Red. It's the best color they offer. Also unrelated, title came in the mail on Monday, it's finally mine!
Wait, so you have $15k to buy a truck and the best you can find was a 10 year old truck. So you decided instead you'll buy a newer truck that was wrecked bad enough to get a salvage title? And you thought that was a good idea? Wow.
¯\\\_(ツ)\_/¯ My car runs, everything works, and has a clean title. You do you...
&gt; DUI's are minor and even inconsequential if nobody is a victim. The victims of DUIs are everyone who is threatened by the recklessness of the drunk driver. If we only punish DUIs that result in injury or fatality, *far* more people would be hurt and killed by drunk drivers than there are today. &gt; I could drive better with 0.10+ BAC than probably most of the population...and I'm not bragging. Bullshit.
Driving a manual transmission doesn't make you a better driver in any circumstance, and experience driving in severe weather (yeah... this is half of the population), on the track, and commercially doesn't make you a better driver when you're intoxicated.
We only design things to be inherently unstable when instability is advantageous (your example of a fighter jet, instability makes them more maneuverable). Instability is not advantageous in a pulley system. It *can* work while unstable with active correction. But it works better when inherently stable (point of attachment in line with CG and higher than CG).
&gt; I'm not aware of misdemeanors that carry 5 year prison sentences. Not every state follows the strict misdemeanor &lt;1 year, felony &gt;1 year delineation. Hell, NJ doesn't even have misdemeanors or felonies. They have Petty Disorderly Person Offense, Disorderly Person Offence, and then Crime of the X Degree where 1st degree is the most serious and 4th degree is the least. In this case, a simple google search for "PA 1st degree misdemeanor" brings up multiple lawyer's websites which all say that in PA, a 1st degree misdemeanor is punishable by up to 5 years' incarceration and/or not more than $10,000 fine.
I get it, you think you can drive just fine drunk because you're a god who can drive stick, in snow, and on the track, and you've been paid to drive. Those of us who are sane know you're wrong. Also, what if I told you I've driven a stick in the snow on a track? I'll admit I wasn't paid to do so.
After Pingdom made some changes that made getting reports incredibly annoying and time consuming, I spent a couple days figuring out their API and writing a script to grab all of the data that I need each month. I still need to manually enter some of it and make it pretty, but it cut the time for the report I need to give my boss every month from about 1.5-2 hours to 20 minutes.
You *never* use the parking brake in emergency situations. Unless your service brake is completely dead, maybe. But even then you should expect to end up backwards upside down in the ditch. Parking brakes, especially foot-operated parking brakes, are difficult to adjust and foot operated parking brakes need to be fully set before they can be released. Parking brakes don't have ABS, so if you set it too hard and lock your wheels, you have no assistance. Parking brakes also only work on the rear wheels in most cars. Locked front wheels = you go straight. Locked rear wheels = you go backwards into a tree. Parking brakes are also incredibly weak compared to the service brake. If your throttle is stuck wide open and you set the parking brake as hard as you can, you're going to keep accelerating. If you stand on the service brake as hard as you can, you'll stop. If the engine isn't running and you have no vacuum left for power brakes, stand on your service brakes anyway, they're still *much* stronger than the parking brake and work on all four wheels. Lastly, use your parking brake every time you park. When an automatic transmission is in park there is a small metal stud that engages with the transmission body to stop the car from rolling. It's rare, but these can break. Fixing the transmission if it happens won't be cheap. When you park, stop, set the parking brake, and shift into park. This way the parking brake holds the weight of the car rather than the parking pawl in the transmission.
Honestly the biggest adjustment going from my daily to a budget rental Skoda Fabia in the UK was learning how to deal with a 50hp 3-cylinder...
Yes, you would assign your internal clients private addresses (RFC1918 space, [10.0.0.0/](https://10.0.0.0/24)8, [172.16.0.0/12](https://172.16.0.0/12), and [192.168.0.0/16](https://192.168.0.0/16)). You would use a router with an interface on [11.11.11.13](https://11.11.11.13) and an interface in whatever internal network(s) you plan on using, and that router would need to support NAT because the internal addresses are not publicly routable. RFC1918 space can be routed within an organization however you like, but your ISP won't accept a route for it (and if they do they're bad at their jobs and you shouldn't trust them).
Learn VLSM (Variable Length Subnet Mask) and CIDR (Classless Inter-Domain Routing) notation first. Then remember that "Class A" means a /8 in 0.0.0.0 through 127.255.255.255, "Class B" means a /12 in [128.0.0.0](https://128.0.0.0) through 191.255.255.255, and "Class C" means a /16 in [192.0.0.0](https://192.0.0.0) through [223.255.255.255](https://223.255.255.255). Then promptly forget about all classful addressing and "subnet zero" because they haven't been relevant since the mid '90s.
Packet loss is only a concern if the destination itself has consistent packet loss. If your destination is hop 10 and hop 2 always has packet less but hop 10 does not, then hop 2's loss isn't real. Traceroutes work by sending packets (usually ICMP) with incrementing TTLs starting at 1 until your destination is reached or the configured hop count (default usually 30) is reached. When a router receives a packet, it first decrements the TTL by 1, if the new TTL is 0, the router has to process that packet itself and decide whether or not it should reply to the origin with an ICMP TTL Expired in Transit. This is how your computer knows what path it takes through the internet to a destination. Routers have specialized hardware to route packets and are *very* efficient at doing it. Expired TTLs have to be handled by the router's CPU though, and doing so is computationally expensive and can cause performance impacts if the volume is too high. For this reason, many routers are configured to either not respond at all, or to rate limit packets that need to be processed by the CPU. Also if the service you're using uses ICMP traceroute, know that ICMP is the least priority of any traffic on the internet and is generally considered "best effort." If anything in the way is congested (and even if not, there may still be ICMP rate-limiting configured), you will see latency and packet loss with ICMP that may not exist with real traffic.
Yes, you can use these to directly connect two servers using these. For less than 5m, twinax will be your easiest option. For greather than 5m, fiber is preferred. If it's going in walls, look at single mode fiber, if it's not getting permanently installed somewhere that replacing it is difficult, multimode will work also. You will need to manually configure network settings to get them to talk as there will be no DHCP on these interfaces that are directly connected between two servers.
What does the packet loss at your final hop look like?
You posted a screenshot of 50% loss at hop 2 and your destination is hop 11.
I know how pingplotter works. The packet loss and latency statistics for each node are specific to that node. If you don't believe me check their documentation. https://www.pingplotter.com/manual/interpretgraphsexampleone.html Loss on hop 1 would be loss by your router (if on a wired/wireless LAN as opposed to a cell network or something where you are directly connected to the WAN). What that problem is can be many many things and none are necessarily an actual problem. So again, what is your packet loss at the final destination?
That's not how traceroutes (which is how PingPlotter works) work. You want to get statics between you and Google, let's say that Google ([172.217.6.4](https://172.217.6.4)) is hop 4. The application sends 10 packets to [172.217.6.4](https://172.217.6.4) with a TTL of 1, that TTL expires at the first hop (your router, [192.168.1.1](https://192.168.1.1)) and the application expects to receive 10 ICMP TTL Expired packets. It sees that these ICMP TTL Expires originate from [192.168.1.1](https://192.168.1.1) (or more accurately it *doesn't* see them originate from [172.217.6.4](https://172.217.6.4)) and then sends 10 more packets to [172.217.6.4](https://172.217.6.4) with a TTL of 2. These packets hits your router, the TTL is decremented to 1, and it routes them upstream to hop 2, let's call it [10.10.10.10](https://10.10.10.10). The TTL expires on [10.10.10.10](https://10.10.10.10) and it replies to you with ICMP TTL Expired packets originating from [10.10.10.10](https://10.10.10.10). You don't see a response from 172.217.6.4, so you again send 10 more packets this time with a TTL of 3. Those packets hit your router, TTL is decremented to 2, and they're routed to hop 2, hop 2 decrements the TTL to 1 and routes to hop 3. Hop 3 sees that the TTL is expired and replies to you with ICMP TTL Expired. You again don't see a response from [172.217.6.4](https://172.217.6.4), so you send 10 more packets with a TTL of 4. These packets hit your router which decrements the TTL to 3 and routes them to hop 2, hop 2 decrements TTL to 2 and routes them to hop 3, hope 3 decrements the TTL to 1 and routes them to hop 4. Hop 4 sees that the TTL is expired and replies. Your application sees the incoming ICMP TTL Expires with a source of [172.217.6.4](https://172.217.6.4), which matches the intended destination, and declares that you've reached your destination and stops sending packets. The packet loss statistic shows how many packets expired on *that node* and were not replied to. Routers treat packets that need to be routed and packets that expire *very* differently, which is why you can have 100% packet loss on nodes 1-9 and yet have 0% packet loss on node 10. This is still quite simplified as there are entire classes of devices and connections that are completely invisible to traceroute. Packet loss on a node that carries through to all following nodes is real, but you as the end user don't know where that packet loss is actually happening. At best you can say it is between the node reporting the loss and the previous node, inclusive. Packet loss at a node that is not carried through to all following nodes is *not* real.
Benefits are greatest when there's an income disparity. My fiancee is a doctor, I'm not, we'll be married filing jointly for 2020. There's an 8% jump between the 24% and 32% tax brackets. Filing single, the 32% bracket starts at $160k. Jointly, it starts at $321k. This brings a significant portion of her income out of the 32% bracket. Before deductions, filing single we would owe a combined $84k. Filing jointly we would owe a combined $75k. It also opens up options like me maxing out my 401k (would be possible, but difficult on my current salary) to shelter some more money from taxes. It's not all rosy though, we both lose access to tons of common deductions as well as access to traditional and roth IRAs.
Is it just me or is the trackpass website broken? The sign in button doesn't work on any of my devices and I can't find anywhere to make an account.
Yes
Hong Thai northwest of the cities is pretty good (Rogers, Albertville, one other somewhere). Haven't been here long enough to find the best in the state though.
The rest of the world would have yanked it into the pits under a local yellow. Hell, many SCCA clubs would too. North American (professional) racing insists on going FCY for everything.
BW3 is orginally a Minnesota company. Though they're now Yum! I think and based out of Atlanta.
If I *have* to buy beer, probably bud light or something since I don't know anything about beer and don't really like beer. When I drink, I usually have mixed drinks.
Choice of material is just as important as workmanship. Flatpack furniture *could* be made out of solid hardwoods and be just as good as quality furniture from a furniture maker. But it isn't. They use particleboard because it's cheap and "good enough" for most people. So it's worse quality than solid hardwood furniture.
&gt; The big gubment claiming authority over literally every pond they dig and stream they divert or occasionally dump into was just, This seems like it should be pretty simple to me. Dig a retention basin to deal with stormwater? Fine. Impound or divert a stream without permission? Not fine, ever. This directly impacts things downstream. Dump into any stream, ever? Not fine, ever. Even if it's only once.
Still not seeing the problem.
We live in a state where it can take 4+ months for them to bother to print a drivers' license and mail it. Do you trust them to handle voter ID?
No DRLs sure is news to me and my 2015 Mustang...
Still not seeing a problem. Anything in that wash is going to end up in the stream eventually. Pollution doesn't respect property lines.
&gt; He’s an intelligent businessman who’s built a brand around teaching people **debt is bad.** (Emphasis mine) That's the problem. He's teaching misinformation at best. Debt isn't bad. Debt is a tool. When used correctly, debt can be greatly beneficial. When used improperly, it can be devastatingly harmful. If you're renovating your house you might need to use a saw. If you cut the wrong thing and cause tens of thousands of dollars of damage to your house, are saws bad? Or are you bad at using saws?
Nurse Anesthetists (CRNA) can make $150k+ per year, which is comparable to a family med, peds, or internal medicine MD/DO. This is substantially less than their comparable physican role though, anesthesiologists, which can make $400k+. Other Advance Practice nurses (NP, Nurse Midwives) can make \~100k or so per year, which is less than most physicians. Both of these routes are more than just "nurses" though. They first have to become RNs (today usually done with a B.S. in Nursing) then complete a BS if they don't have one already, then attend a 3-4 year APRN program in their specialty (either MS or DNP, many schools are transitioning to DNP). These programs are generally competitive, and for CRNA they are extremely competitive. RNs won't make more than physicians without extenuating circumstances (tons of overtime, travel nurses, etc). RNs *will* generally earn more than residents because residents are basically slaves. Med students earn negative $50-100k/year for 4 years...
Run singlemode, not multimode. 45m of OM3 is $24. 45m of OS2 is $14. 1000BASE-SX transceivers are $6. 1000BASE-LX transceivers are $7. If you want to do 10gb, 10GBASE-SR are $18, 10GBASE-LR are $24. If you want to go above 10gb in the future, it's easier to do with singlemode than multimode. 100GB full duplex over two strands of SMF is possible (currently quite expensive). 100GB full duplex over two strands of MMF is not possible. Also - switches on each side rather than media converters if you can swing the cost. Media converters are notorious for failing, and most of them are passive. If you have no connectivity and you have managed switches on both sides, it's trivial to eliminate the fiber as the suspect. If you have passive media converters on each side, you have to rule out the media converters themselves in addition to making sure you didn't accidentally put a shovel through your fiber while gardening.
If people were having a private conversation and see someone walk over, they would be able to choose to stop talking if they didn't want to be overheard. A microphone is not so obvious.
&gt;25m single mode OM4 fibre - I need to confirm such a short length is ok but I think so Singlemode is OS2. OM4 is mutlimode fiber. Single mode should be yellow unless you specify a custom color. Multimode will usually be orange (OM1, OM2) or aqua (OM3, OM4). 25GBASE-LR has a maximum TX power of 0.5 dBm and a maximum RX power of 0.5 dBm. Zero-length is fine. Once you get above the 10km specification (-ER, -ZR) you may need an attenuator. &gt; whatever SPF28 is appropriate from fs.com for this setup 25GBASE-SR for multimode, 25GBASE-LR for singlemode. Depending on your switch you may need/want a customized transceiver with that will make it look like an OEM part. Edit- Thought I was in a different thread.
Terrible implementations of servers are all too common. We're dealing with an issue where our end reports a service as up, but their end reports it as down. Did a capture on the firewall, we're sending data out and getting ACKs back, but their end insists we're down and hasn't heard from our end in hours/days. Restarting the service on our end fixes it. Honestly not sure how we're going to monitor whether or not its *really* up and it's a pretty critical piece of software. Of course no API to query if their end thinks we're up or not.
$3000 deductible and $3000 out of pocket maximum. So if I hit my deductible (unusual for a relatively healthy 30 year old) I don't pay anything after that.
&gt; prefer using the TP Link as I believe it does a much better job with data transfer over wifi between my video editing pc and my NAS If you use your TP Link as an AP, this is exactly what it is doing. Alternatively, if you can configure static routes, you can have NAT performed at the ISP device, not at your TP Link.
Fiber. Many switches do not support 10GBASE-T sfp+ modules. And most 10GBASE-T implementations are limited to 30m.
And email broke at 7am EDT Saturday morning. Clients all have the new cert, servers all have the new cert. Best we can figure is that we have a load balancer and it doesn't trust the new cert. It also doesn't complain about the cert bundle in the admin page, so who the fuck knows. All I know is I'm never buying another goddamn Barracuda product. We've had far too many hiccups where the admin page shows nothing wrong, but when you call support some guy who hardly speaks English has access to some secret backend which (often) shows exactly what the problem is.
240/4 is reserved and has been since forever. There's no guarantee that all of the routers, servers, and hosts in the world would treat [240.0.0.0/4](https://240.0.0.0/4) as a valid routable address.
We just bought 2 3250s with 5 years of HA licensing for \~150k. They certainly aren't cheap, but we're done with the pile of shit that is Firepower.
&gt;I suppose he hasn't been caught stealing library books yet Well that's one law that Trump would never break. What use does he have for books?
If you are sued and if you are found liable for cutting down a tree that was not yours, you are responsible for returning the damaged party to their previous state. Trees are expensive. Big trees are very expensive. If found liable, you don't need to give the neighbor a sapling from a nursery. You would owe them a tree comparable to the one you cut down. Edit - Also some jurisdictions have "treble damages" for certain damages related to trees. This means that if the court finds that you caused $30k worth of damage (i.e. it would cost $30k to find and transplant a comparable tree to the one destroyed), they can award $90k in damages. Further damages may also include the value of the lumber from the tree, this value can vary greatly depending on species and age of the tree, but in some circumstances old growth hardwood lumber can be quite expensive. TL:DR - Don't cut down trees that you aren't *absolutely* sure are yours without written permission.
I grew up in New Jersey. The first black teacher I had personally was 3rd grade, Mrs. Wilson. The school had at least one black teacher for kindergarten and 1st grade as well, but I didn't have them. After that, my Spanish teacher in middle school. I can't recall having any during high school. Definitely had a few in college.
Even though it was obviously allowed and expected, it was still really weird just wandering amongst some guy's flock of sheep at Avebury and Glastonbury Tor.
In my (American) opinion, yes, it's good. It's a sausage that tastes mostly like other sausages.
&gt;You might get evangelicals who are okay with Trump using their churches to pretend like he's religious, but you bet your ass the Episcopalians are not amused. It's not quote "outrage" for them, it's the real fucking deal. I came here from r/all. I am an Episcopalian. You won't find many friends of Trump among us. To say that I am "not amused" would be a gross understatement. The very idea of chasing people away from a sanctuary providing them respite and compassion so that you can take a photo to tout your supposed religiosity is contrary to everything that TEC believes and teaches.
But can we please invest in them intelligently? Like maybe not giving companies like Subaru millions of dollars in tax breaks to move "into Camden" when they literally moved less than 4 miles.
A misdemeanor is, by definition, a crime. The only place I can think of that a "misdemeanor" isn't a "crime" would be New Jersey, and that's because they don't have a misdemeanor/felony system at all and "Crime" has a very specific definition.
&gt;We are advised to put up signs of beware of dogs and to contact the energy company to inform them we do not want visits and entering of premise without notifications. It is unlikely, unless required by law (also unlikely), that the utility company is going to agree to this. Utility companies generally don't need your permission or notification to enter your property to read meters or perform work within easements.
No. Routers form layer 3 boundaries, if IP broadcasts are crossing a router something is very wrong.
I cannot fathom just how out of touch you would need to be to think that the police, of all people are being oppressed. I think Marie Antoinette might have understood better.
A mask won't do anything. You would need a respirator with cartridges certified for organic vapors. I can't think of anyone that wears one while cutting the grass. The fumes shouldn't be a concern unless you're cutting your grass inside or have a tube running from the exhaust to your mouth. You shouldn't really be exposed to any noticeable fumes when working outdoors with properly functioning equipment.
If you want to bring real world into it, start by slowing submerged submarines down to 5-10 knots. WWII subs were surface boats that could sink in a controlled manner, not submarines designed to be submerged.
Without USMLE and at least 1 year of residency, no state will issue you a medical license. You would be limited to working in non-licensed positions, and there isn't a ton of demand for medical graduates who are not licensed.
Everything but contests. And collected and sold all of the trailers scatters around. I'll do the same with Alaska before moving on to Russia.
Do you have any evidence the people that these cops just threatened to kill were rioting, looting, or shooting people?
So far I've used it for every high-saddle haul except for the first. It did give me a little bit of trouble on ice, but not too bad. No AWD isn't too big of a deal since it has permanent diff lock and great traction.
For the past 15ish years I've been able to know that *everything* I owned would be in some station somewhere if I stopped playing for 6 months. That's no longer the case. This does nothing other than decrease the likelihood that I come back to the game.
[https://projects.fivethirtyeight.com/2016-election-forecast/](https://projects.fivethirtyeight.com/2016-election-forecast/) &gt;Clinton would handily beat Trump. They continued that narrative up until Election Day. Get your facts straight. 538 gave Trump a 28.6% chance to win.
Why is it that you assume anyone who has different opinions and beliefs to yours is a "paid shill?"
I've taken 6+ month breaks from EVE multiple times in the past, as have most vets that I know. Most of them come back even if they intended not to.
&gt;first of all my friend, not you or anyone else gets to definitively decide when someone is wrong. &amp;#x200B; But he *is* wrong. That is an objective fact. Many jurisdictions do not recognize the common law distinction between assault and battery and the relevant statue criminalized all applicable actions as either assaults or batteries, depending on jurisdiction. One such example is New Jersey.
I don't know how the world would react. But I would be upset. Not because I have any love for the man, his policies, or his supporters, but because even a man as despicable as Trump does not deserve to be murdered. I would also ensure that all of my guns are in good working condition and that I have sufficient ammunition on hand.
Three blocks of IPv4 addresses have been reserved for private networks. This is because the address facing the internet as a whole must be unique\* in order for traffic to be able to flow from the client to the server and back to the client. The reserved IP ranged are very old, dating back to classful addressing, which is why there are three reserved blocks of different sizes. The reserved blocks are: Class A - [10.0.0.0/8](https://10.0.0.0/8) \- 10.0.0.0-10.255.255.255. Class B - [172.16.0.0/12](https://172.16.0.0/12) \- 172.16.0.0-172.31.255.255 Class C - [192.168.0.0/16](https://192.168.0.0/16) \- 192.168.0.0-192.168.255.255 Originally, under classful addressing, the private Class A network would have been only a single network spanning the entire [10.0.0.0/8](https://10.0.0.0/8) range. The Class B reserved range would have been 16 individual /16 networks (e.g. 172.16.0.0-172.16.255.255, 172.17.0.0-172.17.255.255, etc). The Class C reserved range would have been 256 /24 networks (e.g. 192.168.0.0-192.168.0.255, 192.168.1.0-192.168.1.255, etc). Since the mid '90s with classless addressing, any network can be subdivided into smaller networks. So now you can use [10.0.0.0/25](https://10.0.0.0/25) (10.0.0.0-10.0.0.127) as a private network if you want to. Most consumer equipment tends to use the old "Class C" address space and typically has a default network size of /24. This gives it up to 254 hosts which is large enough to never be an issue for consumers. It also fits nicely in the classful addressing scheme just in case there's some weird legacy hardware in use that doesn't support classless networks (they exist, but are rare, especially in the consumer space. They become much more common in industrial settings). Provided your network remains entirely within the reserved private ranges, you could make your private network whatever you want it to be. But there isn't anything to be gained by changing the address size or which specific range you want to use other than satisfying your own curiosity. There is no security advantage to using an uncommon address size or range. There is no performance advantage to using any particular address size or range. \* There are reasons why a public IP address would be non-unique and appear in multiple places on the internet, the most notable example being Anycast, but such implementations are *very* complicated and beyond the scope of this question.
&gt;Every time someone mentions classful addressing concepts, God kills a kitten. We haven't used classful addressing in 20 years or so. I don't know why it's being taught. Come join the OT side. I have a handful of devices that don't understand classless networking. I also have a handful of hellish devices. Serial over RS-232 -&gt; Serial over Fiber -&gt; Serial over RS-232 -&gt; Serial over IP -&gt; Serial over RS-232 -&gt; RTU...
&gt;The subnet mask is what was previously used to determine the network class, not the network address. I disagree. Using the definitions in [RFC 791](https://tools.ietf.org/html/rfc791), every IP address that has leading bits of 0, 10, or 110 belongs to exactly one classful network.
UK citizens need a visa to enter the US. US citizens do not need a visa to enter the UK. Here is an unofficial list of which countries do and do not require visas for US citizens. Note that there are currently travel restrictions for the indefinite future for nearly all countries. [https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Visa\_requirements\_for\_United\_States\_citizens#Visa\_requirements\_map](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Visa_requirements_for_United_States_citizens#Visa_requirements_map)
Were the previous owners the first owners? How long ago did they buy the house? Especially if they recently purchased the house, how would you prove that the previous owner knew about the problem and the person they bought it from wasn't the one to do "fix" it and not disclose?
They may be using [192.168.0.0/24](https://192.168.0.0/24) in their internal network somewhere which could break connectivity for you when using their VPN. In my professional opinion, a business using [192.168.0.0/24](https://192.168.0.0/24) is stupid, but if they've already done it they've already done it. As for why they want *you* to change? Nearly all home networks are strictly DHCP. Change the setting in your router and everything works just fine. Worst case you have to issue a few release/renew commands on devices or restart them. Re-IPing a business network is often *not* simple at all and has far reaching consequences. Some devices might be statically assigned and need to be touched to reconfigure. Firewall rules need to be reconfigured. ACLs on switches may need to be reconfigured. PBR needs to be reevaluated, etc.
How much precision do you need? Because 18% of 73 = 73% of 18. And 73% of 18 is approximately 75% of 18, or approximately 13.5. The exact answer is 13.14. This is a difference of about 2.74%.
Are you talking about confessional privilege? That is, where a minister cannot be forced to testify to things said to them in confidence? If so, yes. Minnesota law respects confessional privilege/clergy-penitent privilege. If you are asking about whether or not these religions are free to practice in the state? Also yes. There is a large Roman Catholic presence in Minnesota. The Episcopal Church (predominant US branch of the Anglican Communion), of which I am a member, also has a presence in Minnesota. Both denominations have cathedrals in the state. The Catholics have two co-cathedrals, The Cathedral of Saint Paul in Saint Paul and the Basilica of Saint Mary in Minneapolis. The Episcopal Church has Saint Mark's Episcopal Cathedral in Minneapolis. The Episcopal Church also has the Cathedral of Our Merciful Saviour, the oldest Episcopal cathedral in the US.
&amp;#x200B; &gt;RFC 791 2.3 Function Description: &gt; &gt;Addresses are fixed length of four octets (32 bits). An address begins with a network number, followed by local address (called the "rest" field). There are three formats or classes of internet addresses: in class a, the high order bit is zero, the next 7 bits are the network, and the last 24 bits are the local address; in class b, the high order two bits are one-zero, the next 14 bits are the network and the last 16 bits are the local address; in class c, the high order three bits are one-one-zero, the next 21 bits are the network and the last 8 bits are the local address. An IPv4 address is a 32 bit number that is displayed in 4 octets of 0-255 for human convenience. For example, the IP address [192.168.53.125](https://192.168.53.125) can be represented by the following binary string, still in octets of ease of reading: 11000000.10101000.00110101.01111101. The leading bits, also called the most significant bits or high order bits, are the bits starting from the left. A class A network has, by definition, a leading bit of 0. This gives a valid range for the first octect of 00000000 through 01111111, or in decimal, 0-127. Now, this is 1981, classless addressing hasn't been invented yet, so every address *must* be a classful address; therefore, by definition an address with a leading bit of 0 *must* have the following 7 bits define the network and the remaining 24 bits define the host. In classful addressing, *every* IP address that begins with 0 through 127 *must* fit into exactly one classful network, determined by bits 2 through 8. In modern CIDR notation, the size of the network would be a /8. A class B network as, by definition, leading bits of 10. This gives a valid range for the first octect of 10000000 through 10111111, or in decimal, 128-191. By definition, the next 14 bits define the network and the remaining 14 bits define the host, so again every IP address beginning with 128-191 must fit into exactly one class B network, defined by bits 3 through 16. In CIDR notation, the size of the network would be a /16. A class C network has, by definition, leading bits of 110. This gives a valid range for the first octect of 11000000 through 11011111, or in decimal, 192-223. The next 21 bits determine the network and the final 8 bits determine the host. So every IP address beginning with 192-223 must fit into exactly one class C network, defined by bits 4 through 24. In CIDR notation, the size of this network would be a /24.
One example of a range that cannot be reliably used is the old Class E range, [240.0.0.0/4](https://240.0.0.0/4). These addresses were reserved for "future use" since the beginning of time. Many TCP/IP stacks will refuse to consider them a valid IP address entirely.
&gt; The constitutions of the USA I know only superficially: during the alcohol prohibition the Roman Catholic Church got special rights with its sacramental wine for the final meal but later the people's right to use cannabis was denied because of damage to the USA During Prohibition any church could continue to use wine in religious ceremony, not just the Catholics. With regards to marijuana, religious use arguments have typically not prevailed. The US doesn't need to respect any particular religious practice *unconditionally*, and I would argue that unconditional acceptance of *all* religion is impractical. For example, consider the trivial case of a religion which has human sacrifice as a sacrament. Would Germany permit my religion to perform human sacrifice just because it is my religious beliefs? I think not, nor should it. &gt; Now I was wondering why your President visited two Christian places and presented the books \[that accept slavery and discrimination against dark skinned people\] of these two religions in a special way Many of us are wondering the same thing, including the leaders of the two denominations Trump saw fit to visit. The Presiding Bishop of the Episcopal Church, the Episcopal Bishop of Washington, and the Catholic Archbishop of Washington all denounced Trump's actions. I think you will also find that the teachings of both the Episcopal church and the Catholic church would disagree with you that the Bible justifies or preaches slavery or racial discrimination.
I have the 18V Ryobi One+ line trimmer and I don't have any problems with it. Sure, it's not the most powerful thing out there, but it trims grass just fine. I don't have much edging to do, but it does that acceptably well for what it is too. I can get 2 mows out of the battery and I have about 1/3rd acre.
&gt;Loudly and proudly let kids know that obesity is not normal, and maybe *maaaaybe* will improve things in a generation or two. And *maaaaybe* they won't. But in the mean time we know for a fact that shaming has real negative consequences for people right now. Both mentally and exacerbating the weight problem itself. The evidence says shaming is a bad idea.
And shaming is physics? I can't believe none of the physics courses I took in high school or college addressed shaming...
&gt;I don't need some sniveling power tripping bureaucrat telling me where I can or can not have my burn barrels. To be fair, if you're somewhere that has a HOA in the first place, it's very likely that city ordinance says you can't have burn barrels at all.
Are the trees near power lines? National standards is a *minimum* of 10-foot clearance in all directions around distribution (typical neighborhood power lines) lines. Some utility companies will take more than that. If the lines are higher voltage than that the minimum clearance increases. Transmission lines are typically clear-cut for 50-100 feet either side of the lines. If they're working within an easement, they will typically have the authority to take anything that is a potential problem at their sole discretion.
Do you have any evidence that fat shaming results in an actual decrease in the number of future people becoming fat? If not, how do you justify enacting such a policy with a potential but unknown benefit to future people and real known harm to current people?
Shit, I guess all those people with Ph.Ds in psychology should go back and read a psych 101 book then. We've been fat shaming people for a *long* time. Discrimination against fat people in various settings is among the most common form of discrimination in modern society. If fat shaming worked, there would be no fat people.
It's definitely not weed. It might be *a* weed, but it's not weed.
We have a toaster oven but no pop up toaster. We use the toaster oven for making toast, but also reheating leftovers that we don't want to microwave (basically anything that is supposed to be crispy), and for making some snacks like s'mores when we don't want to go outside.
No. They would argue that the victims are there of their own free will and can leave at any time, but choose to subject themselves to the punishments that they "deserve." Unfortunately many of the victims are so brainwashed as to agree.
If you think St John's would complain about the street right in front of them being renamed "Black Lives Matter Plaza," you know absolutely nothing about the Episcopal faith.
You do realize that was the day before the events in question, right?
I didn't study at all. It stopped me after I answered 30 questions or something and it was no longer possible to fail. 99% of the questions are going to have the same answer in every state. 1% of the questions are bullshit like "How far from a school bus do you need to stop?" with options for 10, 20, 25, and 30 feet.
I'm 30. Typing was "taught" in school. I use the word "taught" very loosely though, because even in kindergarten most of us were better typists than our teachers. I've been using computers since I was 5 years old.
That depends entirely on what your website does. Static content? Sure Something relatively lightweight? Sure Something with lots of active content? Nope Streaming media? Nope
&gt;Never threaten someone before you do something and definitely dont post your intentions on social media. Disagree. If you're going to kill someone *please* threaten them in a public setting and post evidence on social media. With any luck you can be arrested before you have the opportunity to carry out your threats.
Wireshark is two parts. 1. Packet capture 2. Packet inspection Which one doesn't Wireshark do well enough for you?
Crunchie. Honeycomb toffee isn't very common in the US and it's great.
You can buy preterminated fiber in just about any length you want from various online stores. They usually carry a few standard lengths that can be drop shipped and you can custom order lengths if you need them as well.
&gt;I get it but most of us refer to terminated fiber as SFP. Most of us who do this for a living don't. Source: Network Administrator SFP/SFP+ is a transceiver form factor than can accept transceivers to work over a variety of media, including fiber. Fiber is most commonly terminated in LC connectors and those are the connectors that most SFP/SFP+ fiber transceivers will accept. Some fibers are terminated with SC, and more rarely ST connectors. There are also dozens of less common connectors that could be used. Other common media for SFP/SFP+ transceivers are 8 conductor copper (standard category 5/6/etc), and copper twinax (aka direct connect).
What goal are you trying to accomplish? Why do you have 2 ONTs? Are they from different providers? Please don't put them on the same layer 2 domain. Best case scenario: Nothing happens Medium case scenario: You make one or more network admins very confused and angry. Worst case scenario: You break something in one or both ISP's networks (unlikely, but possible).
Assuming OP uses gigabit switches, why would it matter if he uses the switchports built into the gateway or daisychains a switch off of the gateway? Nearly every device that has 4 LAN ports and 1 WAN port on it, consumer or otherwise, has the same topology. There's a 5th internal "LAN port" (may be a physical ethernet connection built into the device or it may be logical) attached to the router portion of the device. All four LAN ports are still bottlenecked through a single 1000BASE-T connection to the router.
&gt;main machine. What's a "main machine?" Their desktop is one of many, and we have spares in the closet. No data is stored locally. Image a new machine, troubleshoot the old one if and when time allows. Most issues aren't systematic or recurrent, so your chances of hitting that exact bug in the future is unlikely.
In most consumer gateways, the router won't be processing local traffic either. Switched traffic is handled by switching-specific ASICs, routed traffic is often handled by the CPU or less commonly a separate routing ASIC.
* 63% of the audience are male * Women are statistically underrepresented given that men account for 49.2% of the population (2010 Census) * 20% are minorities * Minorities are statistically underrepresented, given that non-Hispanic Whites account for 61.5% of the population (2010 Census) * 47% are between the ages of 18 and 44 * Without other demographics, this is relatively close to the US's demographics. 39.9% of the US population was 18 to 44 in 2010. * 15% of NASCAR fans live in the Northeast, 25% live in the Midwest, 40% in the South, 20% in the West * Using the following definitions: * Northeast - NJ, PA, NY, CT, RI, MA, VT, NH, ME * Northeast - 13.6% of population \~ 15% of fans. * Midwest - OH, IN, MI, IL, WI, MN, IA, MO, KS, NE, ND, SD * Midwest - 20.8% of population, 25% of fans * South - DE, MD, WV, KY, NC, SC, TN, GA, AL, MS, FL, AR, LA, OK, TX * South - 35.5% of population, 40% of fans * West - MT, ID, WA, OR, CA, NV, UT, CO, WY, AZ, NM * West - 23.2% of population, 20% of fans * 54% of NASCAR consumers make $50,000 or more * This would be the 59th percentile for individual income and the 40th percentile for household income. So things to take away from that data: 1. Women are significantly underrepresented 2. Non-hispanic Whites are significantly overrepresented 3. Young to middle age adults are somewhat overrepresented. 4. Regional distribution is fairly close to that of the population with a slight lean towards the midwest and south. 5. If the income quoted by NASCAR is individual, then NASCAR consumers are fairly close to the population for income distribution. If the income quoted by NASCAR is household, NASCAR consumers skew towards the lower end of the socioeconomic spectrum. Which number this is depends on how NASCAR posed the question and how respondents interpreted it.
Also I imagine that the USAF would much rather train someone who has never flown but is eager to learn than to have to unteach bad habits that a self-taught sim pilot is likely to pick up.
Most modern fiber is more resilient than people give it credit for, but it is still relatively fragile, especially compared to cat5/6/etc cable. If you put fiber into a typical home wall plate that is \~1 foot from the floor, you will more than likely break the fiber eventually by something running into it.
In this case, the wheels (well built and respected ones, anyway) come from groups of people that don't need to ask basic questions like "why do ISPs use dynamic IPv4 addresses."
&gt;If your organization has specialized in Aruba or Dell switching, then a CCNA isn't needed. My gut tells me that the organization that you interviewed with probably doesn't have a very large cisco presence in their network. So they don't see the value in the CCNA. I currently work an an almost exlcusively HPE/Aruba environment. My CCNA is vastly more helpful than a Net+ would be. Most of what is on the CCNA is vendor-neutral. OSPF is OSPF. STP is STP. LACP is LACP. BGP is BGP. Sure, you won't find EIGRP or PVST+ anywhere in my network, but CCNA covered all of the things that you do find. The difference between working on one of my few Cisco devices and my HPE/Aruba gear is syntax and terminology (Trunk, for example, means very different things in Ciscoland and HPE/Arubaworld).
Just checked mine, 6 calendar days also. Submitted on a Friday, received an email congratulating me for graduating the following Thursday. Diploma shipped a few days later.
The only time you would expect to see DNS requests originating from a switch are if the switch itself is making the requests. Usually this will only be seen from NTP requests, Radius (only at authentication), TFTP, or similar management protocols.
What you use as your DHCP server doesn't really matter, but yes you could do it either on your router or on the pihole. If you do it on the pihole, be sure to turn DHCP off on the router.
None of which are DIN mountable or particularly like industrial environments.
The Food Pyramid I was taught growing (90s-2000s) up was the exact opposite of what we now know to be the ideal diet. We were taught that your diet should be based on carbs. In reality it should be based on fruits and vegetables.
Other than moving expenses, all of those should be itemized in your documentation under "closing costs." Keep in mind that you will subtract your earnest money from all of the closing costs to get a total amount due at closing. Depending on where you are and what you are buying, earnest money could be a few hundred to a few thousand dollars.
A deposit paid to the seller when they accept your offer. The specific contract you sign will give the terms for the amount (often \~1% of the house value, but it may be higher or lower depending on your market), when it needs to be paid (typically within 1 week or so of the seller accepting your offer), and under what conditions it can be refunded (seller failing to complete the contract, inspection or financing contingencies, etc). For example, if you offer to buy a house for $500k on 6/18 with closing 7/31, you might have to pay the seller $5k by 6/24. This $5k will be applied to the total you owe at closing (down payment, pre-paid taxes, application fees, etc). You pay the total amount due at closing, usually with a cashier's check or wire.
You can thank Prop 13 for that. It limits property tax increases except at the time of sale. The previous owner has been paying less taxes than they should have been since they bought the house, but it resets at sale. Now your property taxes can't increase more than 1% per year until you sell the house.
You *could* do an allow &lt;source&gt; &lt;not-internal-nets&gt;. But why? Why does it matter if the implicit deny at the end doesn't do anything? Curating an outbound ACL to the internet is a fool's errand.
If they were bred to track escaped slaves and named "coonhounds" because of that, then yeah, maybe we should change the name. If they were bred to hunt raccoons, then no, the name is just fine.
Episcopal here, not entirely sure how you *wouldn't* count us as Protestant...
No, there's no way in an ASA to define a group as not-Something. But: 10 deny ip &lt;source&gt; &lt;RCF1918&gt; 20 permit ip &lt;source&gt; any and 10 permit ip &lt;source&gt; &lt;not-RFC1918&gt; are functionally identical. You would need to define the RFC1918 and not-RFC1918 objects yourself.
&gt; I'd like to improve my general DNS by using PiHole pointing at Quad9 Quad9's closest server is, at best, miles/kilometers away from you. If you don't live in a major city, make that hundreds of miles/kilometers. There's also at least half a dozen routers between you and them. Why would 20m and 3 switches make a difference?
NAL - What does the contract say about the property being vacated? If the contract says Seller will vacate prior to closing (most purchase agreements state that the Seller shall deliver possession to the Buyer immediately after closing), a smart person would refuse to close until Seller vacates. Edit - In the standard MN Residential Purchase Agreement, this should be found in paragraph 13 - Possession.
You would need to have a machine in the 192.x.x.x network send the magic packet. WoL is a layer 2 technology and as such works with MAC addresses, not IP addresses. WoL packets are not forwarded across routed links. Also classful networking is dead and has been for more than 20 years.
My advice is the same. Hire someone. This is beyond the scope of this subreddit and beyond your skillset.
Same advice as in /r/homenetworking Hire someone. This is beyond your skillset.
You can load cargo in Wien on a riverboat, not an oceangoing ship. Oceangoing ships can reach the entirety of the Great Lakes (PA, OH, MI, IN, IL, WI, MN), as well as ports on the Delaware river in PA.
1. I am unsure what restrictions Unifi switches may or may not have with transceivers. Most switches will take any brand of transceiver, some are more picky and/or require a command before they will accept non-supported transceivers. 2. For 30cm that isn't permanently installed, it doesn't matter. You can push 10GB over OM1 up to 33m if you really need to. Match your fiber type to your optic type. 850nm optics use MMF, 1310nm optics use SMF. For 1gbps, MMF tranceivers use 1000BASE-SX, for 10GB, MMF tranceivers use 10GBASE-SR. For 1gbps, SMF tranceivers use 1000BASE-LX, for 10GB SMF tranceivers use 10GBASE-LR. 1000BASE-LX and 10GBASE-LR do not have any minimum cable length requirements (maximum Tx power is equal to or less than maximum Rx power). MMF optics are generally intended to be used in short range implementations and therefore also have no minimum cable length. &gt;10km SMF optics (-ER, -ZX, etc) *must* have sufficient attenuation in either the fiber itself or an attenuator installed such that the received power is less than or equal to the published maximum Rx power. If you're going to permanently install fiber in a wall or ceiling or somewhere else that access will be difficult in the future. Run SMF.
Auto MDI-X is specified as an optional feature in 1000BASE-T standards. Nearly all modern gigabit NICs will support it.
&gt; I thought assigning it the command switchport access vlan XXX would change it to an access port. That just tells it what VLAN it should use should it become an access port. It won't actually be an access port until you run `switchport mode access`.
Read your contract *very carefully*, and you may want to consider having it reviewed by a lawyer. Rent-to-own schemes are commonly, but not always, predatory. The rent is often higher than a comparable home that is not rent-to-own. Also if the contract is breached for any reason, all "equity" built is often forfeited. Think of rent-to-own like a mortgage but without any of the protections of an actual mortgage. If you decide to move after paying off half your mortgage, you get to keep whatever the house sells for in excess of what remains on your mortgage. If you decide to move halfway through your rent-to-own, you don't get to keep anything.
Then they are likely still running in the default configuration of dynamic desirable. In most cases a dynamic desirable port will act like an access port. Also, it's best practice to disable DTP. Ports should be explicitly configured as access or trunk.
&gt; My point is I don't need to fully understand the topics. I won't go to an interview And your point is what? Should your alma mater give me a BSEE if I promise to never try to get a job with it? No, of course not. Either you learn the material and pass the required course(s)/test(s), or you don't get the credential. &gt; That's what I wanted to know, if it is possible not to learn everything and still pass. Yes, of course. The test doesn't require a 100% to pass, so you can get by without learning some things. If you want a CCNA for shits and giggles, for a raise, or to get a job with it, go learn the material and earn it. It really isn't that difficult of a test. You managed to earn a degree in EE in 4/5 years. You can learn what's in CCNA. From personal experience I can tell you it's far easier than Diff EQ.
Who the fuck is Pat Buchanan?
Possible conflicts with other things already scheduled by the venue/vendors?
Pretty much everyone involved in cybersecurity in any professional capacity will tell you that online voting is a *terrible* idea, myself included.
Advising people to commit a crime is generally frowned upon here...
Congratulations! I got married last weekend in my backyard. The only part of the original ceremony and reception that we kept was the cake. Nothing was going to stand between us and that delicious cake.
In a single drive? 935 miles and about 14 hours from Philadelphia to Daytona Beach, after that it would be 452 miles from Philadelphia to Montreal, then 380 miles from Philadelphia to Alton, VA. Longest trip? 1,400 miles from Philadelphia to Minneapolis over 4 days through the UP. The first Montreal trip was less than a month after I bought the car.
You come up here and try to use a bike as your primary transportation in rural Minnesota in January. I'll follow you around in my car so you don't literally die when you get a puncture 5 miles from town when its -30.
&gt;What about TLS? Assuming a state actor, assume they have a root CA already trusted on the device and can create a cert on demand using it for any arbitrary domain. &gt;Why should the browser continue to original site after it got what it asked for? Because the server redirects the browser. &gt;Why the downloaded file is installed automatically and silently? Browsers helpfully execute scripts that make modern websites work. There are often vulnerabilities.
NVR systems are universally dogshit. I hate everything about working with them.
We use primarily HPE/Aruba switches. They're significantly cheaper than Cisco and similar enough that someone familiar with Cisco CLI can pick them up very quickly after learning a bit of new syntax and terminology. We have one Ubiquiti switch, I'll never buy another again.
Another $10k in the bank or a toy that turns gas and rubber into smiles... Not a hard choice for some of us. Not everyone is a broke college kid. Some of us are adults with real careers that pay decent money.
There is no way to access router #2 or any devices on its LAN without breaking the airgap that you have in place. Your use case and intended use will determine what means of access is most appropriate for you. Most likely, this will involve placing a firewall between the two networks and managing what traffic is allowed to cross the firewall. I would not recommend multi-homing a computer and using it as a jump box in most cases. A firewall is usually the simpler and better choice, but again it depends on exactly what you're trying to do and what the security concerns are. \-Network admin for a utility with IT and OT networks.
This is a single frame OTA every 10 seconds or so. Well, two frames, I guess, one request and one reply. It has a trivial impact on Wifi performance.
New driver's license, which may require you to take a written test (stupid MN...). Register to vote. USPS Address change Change address everywhere else (banks, Amazon, etc) individually New professional licenses (if applicable) New firearms/CCW license (if applicable) Register car(s) Transfer title for car(s) More that I've probably missed And figuring out how all of the above actually happens in the new state.
You worked for a Superior Court yet you type "here say" instead of the actual word, hearsay? This isn't even hearsay in the first place, not that it's particularly relevant if the police have a warrant.
Government requirements mean you can't walk into the local courthouse, DMV, or McDonalds naked. Nobody considers that to be a poltiical issue. Why are masks during a pandemic different?
&gt;Minis Mini is German now. Owned by BMW since it acquired Rover Group in 2000. The current Mini Hatch is produced in both Oxford, UK, and Born, Netherlands. The convertible models are produced only in the Netherlands.
To be fair though, ruins that look like this in Europe are more likely to be from 1480 than 1880.
There are only 2 pairs (4 wires) in the cable? This cable plugs directly into your Archer C6? If so, it is not possible to provide gigabit service over a cable with only 2 pairs. 1000BASE-T requires all 4 pairs.
I think this is a big one, there really needs to be regulation and enforcement of things that directly impact the safety of vehicles and dangers they pose to others. For example, all of the lifted Jeeps and trucks with stinger bumpers. I understand their purpose in offroading. But on the road, you've negated *all* of the side impact protection of any car you might come across by placing a steel pipe as the furthest forward point of your vehicle and placing that steel pipe at head level. A side impact from a stock Jeep into a modern sedan means the Jeep's bumper and crash structure hits the sedan's door and side impact structure. This isn't a good situation, but with modern crash structures and side airbags, this is likely a survivable impact at 45mph and slower. A side impact from a Jeep into a sedan with a stinger means the stinger hits the driver's window, and then the driver's head before anything touches any solid structure of the sedan. This is likely not a survivable impact at *any* speed.
Are you or anyone else living in the home prohibited from owning firearms per federal or Arkansas law? The most common reasons would be convicted of a crime is punishable by more than 1 year in prison (regardless of actual sentence), conviction of certain domestic violence misdemeanors, involuntarily committed due to mental health, an alcoholic, or an illegal user of controlled substances?
I don't know who told you this, but masters and PhD programs in the US are typically separate programs.
*Can* you? Yes. *Should* you? Dear god no.
DNS requests and replies are typically a single frame on the wire or OTA, so there is minimal difference provided adequate wifi performance. If your wifi is so bad that DNS has issues, you aren't going to be able to do anything more demanding like stream YouTube either.
If you need to use lethal force to defend your life or the life of another, you shoot the person(s) who is causing the threat. If you don't need to use lethal force, you don't shoot anything or anyone. If you're going to intentionally miss your target, you need to hit the ground or other similar solid object at such an angle so as to not cause a ricochet. Shooting a gun into the air is reckless. If it's a rifle/handgun or shotgun with slugs, the bullet can travel miles and still be lethal when it comes back down.
If you went up to a random person and asked them what an "air balloon" is, would you expect them to know? People would know what a *hot* air balloon was. They would know what a party balloon was. They would know what a lead balloon was. They would even know what a water balloon was. I doubt you would get any responses to "air balloon" other than guesses.
You can't. Your public IP address is assigned by your ISP. They are not portable like phone numbers. They cannot be moved across ISPs. They generally cannot be moved within ISPs. If you have a residential service you almost certainly have a dynamic IP address and are not guaranteed any particular IP address at any time.
It can't be. "Air balloon" has no meaning in English.
Of course wired is preferable if it's an option, but for DNS there isn't really much to worry about. If you visit a single ad-heavy website there might be 50 DNS requests, that's *at most* 25kB and more likely somewhere around 5kB and 50 frames broadcast. According to a completely unscientific Google search taking the first result, a single web page is typically about 3MB. That number seems sane to me. At standard MTU, that's going to be 2000 frames. In a typical home network, there won't be enough DNS traffic to cause problems with available airtime.
&gt;If PC2 is reading and writing from NAS2, is it correct to say that any data exchanged between the two "travels" through switch 2 but not directly via switch 1 nor via the router? Switches learn what ports MAC addresses are on. Traffic between PC2 and NAS2 will be switched through Switch2 and Switch3. It will never\* see Switch1 or Router. \*When a device is first connected or has been idle for a long time, the switch may not know where the MAC address is. If the MAC address is not in the switch's MAC table, the switch will broadcast frames destined for that MAC out of all ports except for the ingress port until the MAC address is learned. &gt;If the above is correct, does it mean that, theoretically, PC2 could use the full Cat6 bandwidth while reading from the NAS2, and, at the same time, PC1 could use the entire CAT6 bandwidth when exchanging data with NAS1? Yes. Traffic between PC2 and NAS2 will never be seen on Switch1. Traffic between PC1 and NAS1 will never be seen on Switch2 or Switch3. &gt;If instead PC2 reads from NAS2 while PC3 reads from NAS3, is it fair to say that the two PCs will have to share the maximum CAT6 bandwidth, because both PCs must "pass" through the cable connecting switch 2 and switch3? Yes. &gt;What is the technical term for all the devices connected to the same switch? Eg all the green, all the orange and all the purple ones in the chart? There is none, really. Assuming you are not using VLANs, all purple, orange, and green devices as well as Switch1 and Router's LAN interface are in the same Layer 2 broadcast domain. Because you are using switches and not hubs (hubs are obsolete and you probably can't even buy one today, included only to differentiate between broadcast and collision domains), each host &lt;-&gt; switch connection is an independent collision domain. Properly configured, all purple, orange, and green devices as well as Switch1 and Router's LAN interface are in the same network. &gt;CAT6 bandwidth Available bandwidth is determined by the physical interfaces of each device, not the cable specification. Though the cable may impact what speeds the interfaces are able to successfully negotiate. Assuming you are using relatively modern hardware (&lt;10 years old or so), all of the devices except possibly the Modem's ethernet interface and the Router's WAN interface are almost certainly 1000BASE-T, or more commonly known as simply gigabit ethernet.
With respect to ethernet and TCP/IP, frames are swtiched, packets are routed. Those are two are very different things, mean different things, are accomplished in different ways, and have different implications.
Why would anyone buy a property with an oil tank *known* to need remediation? Why not just hand the federal and/or your state's EPA a blank check? It'd be simpler.
VPN is the only way to go, IMO. Facilities stuff and other IoT are notoriously hot garbage and you want to restrict access to and from them as much as possible. Letting the internet bang on it is a *bad* idea. Port forwarding and restricting source IP is better than nothing, but VPN is preferable.
Damn. $1 in minimum coverage? Minimum liability coverage in most states in the US won't cover you totaling a clapped out Camry.
I had a 1999 SC2 before I bought the Mustang. It was an amazing little car. Sure, it need an oil top up at every stop to the gas station, but the engine and trans were bulletproof other than that. I sold it with 180k and no major issues.
&gt;Some cars will score low automatically now if they don't have some crash-prevention systems even if they are safe when they do get into an accident. That's the whole point though. The best method of preventing injuries in crashes is to prevent the crash entirely.
&gt;Personally I would not want to eat it based on the thought but is it actually proven to be unsafe? No. There is no evidence that chlorine-washed chicken is unsafe. The European Food Safety Authority itself said in 2005 that "exposure to chlorite residues arising from treated poultry carcasses would be of no safety concern." The EU argues that chlorine-washing chicken merely compensates for a lack of hygiene protocols elsewhere in the process. The US argues that the EU's stance is merely protectionism. [https://www.bbc.com/news/uk-47440562](https://www.bbc.com/news/uk-47440562)
&gt; Once you are in residency, you’ve beat the system. Only if you actually know what you're doing. Someone who buys an MBBS and brain dumps their way through Step 1 and Step 2 is likely not going to have a great time in residency. Residency is difficult even when you do have the requisite knowledge going into it.
What credential were you actually issued by your school? Most likely it was one of these three: 1. Certificate 2. Associate of Applied Science (A.A.S.) 3. Associate of Arts (A.A.)/Associate of Science(A.S.) If 1, certificates are not degrees. If 2 or 3, you have an Associates degree which is inferior to a 4-year Bachelors degree. Certificate programs generally cover the material relevant to the focus of the certificate. They generally do not require "general education" courses like English/Writing, unrelated math, social sciences, etc. A.A.S. are college degrees at the Associate level which generally concentrate fairly specificly on the major but do include a number of general education requirements. A.A. and A.S. are college degrees at the Associate level. A.S. usually has more emphasis on the major concentration while A.A. generally has more emphasis on general education. Generally, any AAS, AA, or AS is "half" of a BA/BS in the same major and can be transferred into a 4-year college/university for credit that will cover most, if not all, of the first 2 years of courses for that particular major. Depending on the organization, their policies, and the hiring manager, an unrelated degree may be considered or may not be considered.
SCCA B-Spec, probably. Fit, Yaris, Fiesta, Mini Cooper, and a couple other cars, basically off the showroom floor with a cage. There are a few performance mods thrown in like stiffer springs, sway bars, and better brakes.
&gt; I switched jobs for a 100% wfh gig, I can deduce my expenses for my home office in relation to the area of my house. I have no idea what Canada's/Quebec's laws regarding this are, but if they look anything like the US's laws, be very careful and make sure you do it right. In the US you can only deduct *exclusive* office space. If you use your office for non-work things in the evenings, or let your kids do their homework there, or anything else not work related, you can't deduct it at all.
I purchased a /24 through Hilco Streambank (now [auctions.ipv4.global](https://auctions.ipv4.global)) last year. The process was fairly easy and we had no trouble with anything in the broker's control. The only minor issue we had as a buyer is that the broker's policy is that the buyer pays the ARIN transfer fee while ARIN's policy is that they only issue transfer invoices to the transferor. So it was a bit of a pain in the ass to get our AP people to pay an invoice addressed to a different company.
The broker's commission isn't disclosed to the buyer as far as I can tell.
That's about how I felt when he explained to me what those boxes were supposed to be doing. They never worked properly and caused nothing but headaches with their random unexplained outages. Then Barracuda explained one of the outages and said that the active box reset and caused a failover because there were too many active connections. When I asked how many connections is "too many," they didn't have a solid answer but said the devices were only good for 20k or so. Happiest day working here so far has been ripping those pieces of shit out of my network.
Oh, we didn't use them instead of Cisco. The ISP's CPE devices, the Barracuda devices, and an HA pair of 5516-X firewalls were all in the same ménage à trois from hell. The Barracuda devices and 5516s were constantly sending GARPs and defense-ARPs because they thought the other device was stealing their IPs. So we got to pay I don't even know how much up front plus a couple thousand a year for the Barracudas, plus the Cisco gear anyway. Now the Barracudas are in the trash and I'm praying the 5516s don't notice the Palos racked right beneath them and kill themselves out of spite.
Short between conductors 1 and 2. Also NC on conductors 3-8.
Yes, the screen with the distance measurements shows how long each pair is. TDR doesn't require a connection at each end though, so it shows the approximate distance to the end of the conductor. I agree, it's non-obvious. I've ran into this a couple times when troubleshooting a flaky connection not realizing one conductor was 1 pixel short of a full connection. I wish they put a giant X through the open conductors or something.
Lemon essential oil (d-limonene) is a solvent that can attack certain types of plastic, most notably polystyrene. [https://www.usplastic.com/knowledgebase/article.aspx?contentkey=950](https://www.usplastic.com/knowledgebase/article.aspx?contentkey=950)
Most likely, yes. Ethanol and isopropanol (ethyl alcohol aka drinking alcohol, isopropyl alcohol), the two most common alcohols in hand sanitizer are relatively safe to use with most plastics, especially for short-term contact.
Much shorter, at least for the planes typically used for transcontinental travel. The Concorde could carry a maximum of 128 passengers up to 4,500nmi. Two common domestic airliners today are the Boeing 737-800 and the Airbus A320. The 737-800 can carry a maxmim of 189 passengers up to 3,000nmi. The A320 can carry a maximum of 186 passengers up to 3,300nmi. These are only used on transcontinental (transatlantic) routes by budget airlines stopping (usually) in Iceland. Two common transcontinental airliners today are the Boeing 777 and the Airbus A330. The 777 can carry a maximum of 550 passengers (typical 400) up to 6,000nmi. The A330 can carry a maximum of 406 passengers up to 7,250nmi. Two of the newest transcontinental airliners in use are the Boeing 787 and the Airbus A350. The 787-9 can carry a maximum of 406 (typical 290) passengers up to 7,635nmi. The A350-900 can carry a maximum of 440 (typical 315) passengers up to 8,100nmi. The two largest airliners in use are the Boeing 747 and the Airbus A380. The 747-400 can carry a maximum of 550 (typical 416) passengers up to 7,700nmi. The A380 can carry a maximum of 853 (typical 575) passengers up to 8,000nmi.
The circumference of the Earth is 21,639 nmi, so about 1/3. With some modifications and passenger restrictions, Qantas is currently testing 22-hour long London to Sydney flights (about 10,500nmi). The problem here is largely psychological, not technical. The plane can make the flight, but can the crew and passengers put up with 22 hours nonstop on a plane? Pre-COVID, they were hoping to have Sydney-London and Sydney-New York nonstop flights in 2022 or 2023, though we'll see how that goes now.
They do, one cabin crew, two cockpit crews, beds for them to rest in during the flight. But it's still a *long* time in the air.
Per-passenger, it might be, but any stop is going to significantly increase the total distance travelled, most likely, as well as significantly increase the total time for the trip. In November Qantas made a London-Sydney flight in 19 hours and 19 minutes. Including layovers, the current shortest flights I see from London to Sydney are 22 hours and 35 minutes, stopping in Dubai. London Heathrow to Sydney is a minimum of 10,575mi (17,019km). Stopping in Dubai adds a minimum of 324mi (521km). Other common layovers are Doha, Qatar (additional 370 miles (592km) and Singapore (&lt;100mile 160km increase). Layovers also add complications. A nonstop London-Sydney flight that gets delayed only has to find another landing slot in Sydney. A layover flight not only has to find another landing slot in the layover, but the airline also has to deal with passengers who may miss their connecting flights. Some passengers may also be hesitant to stop in some of the common London-Sydney layovers (Qatar, Dubai) due to local laws and complications leaving the airport should they miss their connecting flight. And all else being equal, passengers prefer nonstop flights to layovers. Many passengers (especially business travellers) are also willing to pay a premium for nonstop flights.
What subnet did you try to scan? If you scanned your local subnet, that traffic would not be passed through the VPN because your physical NIC is directly connected to said subnet. If you tried to scan a different but still RFC1918 subnet, that traffic would likely have been rejected by your VPN client as the client does not have a route for those networks (except the network that your VPN provider is using for you).
V8s last weekend, IMSA, Indycar, and F1 this weekend. Real life racing the next two weeks near me. So happy that racing is finally back!
&gt;If you flat foot a moderate/high performance turbo car all the time it won't get good gas mileage, that's a fact. If you flat foot *any* car all the time it won't get good gas mileage.
Tires really are critical for winter driving. I bought my mustang when I was living in NJ (Camden county), and it was fine with all seasons. I moved to rural MN and still daily the mustang year round, but with winter tires (Michelin X-Ice XI3) from Nov-April. It gives me *zero* issues on snow or ice. I regularly pass poorly tired and poorly driven trucks and SUVs in the ditch every time it snows out here.
&gt;Montreal is probably about 6 hours away from WG, and 10 from NYC. 10 hous from NYC to Montreal? That's way over. I did Philly to Montreal in 7 hours. NYC should be 5.5 to 6. NYC to Watkins Glen is about 4 hours. Montreal is 5.5, Toronto is 4. I think the most obvious draw from a WG or other northeast track would be people in the northeast US that don't have passports, which is a not insignificant number of people. While there are lots of amazing racetracks in the northeast US, I can't think of any that are a good track for F1. They're either too far away from cities and lack the necessary hospitality industry to support a race (WG), or they're not suitable for F1 (Lime Rock, NJMP, Summit Point). VIR might be a better option than WG, but it has many of the same issues.
The problem that makes Watkins Glen "in the middle of nowhere" is access to a major airport and hospital, as well as a local hospitality industry. I've been to Watkins Glen, the local B&amp;Bs aren't going to cut it for the kinds of crowds that F1 would draw, and there are no major hotels. NASCAR and IMSA work there because the vast majority of NASCAR and IMSA fans camp on site. Watkins Glen International, Watkins Glen, New York, USA - 2.5 hours to Buffalo Niagara International Airport (no established international routes), 4 hours to Toronto Pearson (but in a different country complicating travel), 4 hours to Newark Liberty, 4.5 hours to JFK, 4.5+ hours to La Guardia, 4.25 hours to Philadelphia. 100km to Upstate University Hospital, 105km to University of Rochester Medical Center/Strong Memorial Hosptial, 170km to Erie County Medical Center, 155km to Geisinger Medical Center. Watkins Glen is more than twice as far from any major airport than the furthest track currently in use, and other than Suzuka, most flyaway tracks are approximately 30 minutes or less from the nearest major airport. The nearest trauma center is also nearly twice as far away as any other track currently in use. From the 2019 calendar: Albert Park Circuit, Melbourne, Australia - 30 minutes to Melbourne Airport, less than 10km to two major trauma centers. Bahrain International Circuit, Zallaq, Bahrain - 40 minutes to Bahrain International Airport, less than 30km to a major trauma center. Shanghai International Circuit, Shanghai, China - 35 minutes to Shanghai Hongqiao International Airport, less than 30km to a major trauma center. Baku City Circuit, Baku, Azerbaijan - 25 minutes to Heydar Aliyev International Airport, less than 10km to a major trauma center. Circuit de Barcelona-Catalunya, Montmelo, Spain - 30 minutes to Barcelona El Prat Airport, less than 20km to a major trauma center. Circuit de Moncao, Moncao - 45 minutes to Nice Cote d'Azur Airport, less than 15km to a major trauma center. Circuit Gilles Villenueve, Montreal, Canada - 25 minutes to Montreal-Pierre Elliott Trudeau International Airport, less than 10km to a major trauma center. Circuit Paul Ricard, Le Castellet, France - 1 hour to Marseille Airport, less than 35km to a major trauma center. Red Bull Ring, Speilberg, Austria - 1 hour to Graz, 2 hours to Vienna Airport, less than 55km to a major trauma center. Silverstone Circuit, Towcester, UK - 70 minutes to London Heathrow, less than 40km to a major trauma center. Hockenheimring, Hockenheim, Germany - 50 minutes to Frankfurt am Main Airport, less than 15km to a major trauma center. Hungaroring, Mogyorod, Hungary, 25 minutes to Budapest Airport, less than 30km to a major trauma center. Circuit de Spa-Francorchamps, Stevelot, Belgium, 90 minutes to Brussels Airport, less than 40km to a major trauma center. Monza Eni Circuit, Monza, Italy, 50 minutes to Malpensa Airport, less than 30km to a major trauma center. Marina Bay Street Circuit, Singapore - 20 minutes to Singapore Changi Airport, less than 5km to a major trauma center. Sochi Autodrom, Adler, Russia - 10 minutes to Sochi Adler Airport, not sure where the nearest trauma center is Suzuka Circuit, Suzuka, Japan - 90 minutes to Central Japan International Aiport, less than 15km to a major trauma center. Autodromo Hermanos Rodriguez, Mexico City, Mexico - 5 minutes to Mexico City International Airport, less than 20km to a major trauma center. Circuit of the Americas, Austin, Texas, United States - 10 minutes to Austin-Bergstrom International Airport, less than 20km to a major trauma center. Autodromo Jose Carlos Pace, Sao Paulo, Brazil - 15 minutes to Congonhas-Sao Paulo Airport, less than 15km to a major trauma center. Yas Marina Circuit, Abu Dhabi, UAE - 15 minutes to Abu Dhabi International Airport, less than 30km to a major trauma center.
There are only a few dozen astronauts in total, and only a fraction of those are pilots or commanders.
Why would the iOS mail app respect an Outlook setting?
&gt;Generally speaking, when your on private property &amp; your asked to leave &amp; you don’t, things are probably not going to go well for you. Generally speaking, pointing a gun at a trespasser who is not otherwise engaging in threatening behavior is not going to go well for you. Moreover, leaving your home to confront said trespasser *really* isn't going to go well for you. Trespassing does not justify the threat of deadly force.
&gt; So yeah, if you're out on a farm, sure, but if you're 10 feet from someone's front door, are asked to leave, and refuse, you've become a threat. That's really not how it works. If you shoot someone sitting on your front yard and refusing to leave without otherwise threatening you, *you* will be the one going to prison. In every state in the US. Don't believe me? Go ask a criminal defense attorney if you can shoot people for trespassing.
Correct, "fuck around and find out" Just pray you're never "finding out" from your defense attorney that whether or not you spend the next decade or more in prison rests on you managing to convince 12 random people that you feared for your life *and* that you were not the aggressor.
Citation?
&gt;IANAL but I did just review Missouri's statutes for Castle Doctrine and they do cover property such as your yard, car, and outbuildings But do they cover other private property not owned or leased by the person, such as a private road owned by the HOA? More than likely not.
Videos show people walking through an intact gate that is being held open at the start of the events. At some point after that the gate was damaged.
Yes, absolutely. But I think that Trump presents a far greater danger to this country.
*Looks at 2016 and 2000 presidential elections...* No.
Who said anything about a mob? The person I replied to, and my post, are talking about trespassers in general.
The person I replied to was talking about trespassers in general, not this incident in particular.
I'm curious what extra functionality a ping monitor would add to a piece of software with an established SSH session. Latency, sure. But if pings start timing out (unless it's an ACL that only impacts ICMP) your SSH session is going to drop real fast too.
