[Wilson has one more TD at 34](http://www.espn.com/nfl/statistics/player/_/stat/passing/sort/passingTouchdowns)
I thought Assault was good!
Some of the greatest games of all time were on the Playstation dude
I know there's a lot he hasn't proven yet but I just think you are being way, way to negative about him. Especially given that he just came out of a season where his team ended up having the best record in the league. I think he deserves a little more benefit of the doubt at this point.
Sure
&gt; while listening to angry guests demand refunds because Jumanji is too full. Maybe there's virtue in not selling more tickets then you have seats
Me too, surprised to see that so many people have such very negative opinions on it.
There's something that is just magic about FE6 to me. I enjoyed various characters and their supports. I enjoyed the world building with the cool variety of different countries with history to them to boot and the story didn't do anything majorly wrong in my eyes. Pretty much all of the games have these down chapters story wise where nothing crazy happens but I felt like FE6 structured itself well enough where it minimized that problem. And interesting player characters were spread around enough to keep things fresh. There was the Lycia defense arc, then the Islands arc, then the Etruria arc, and so on. It just worked. Past that I'd go FE9&gt;FE4. Path of Radiance had excellent world building and I could say most of what I said about FE6 here too. It just didn't feel like the complete story because of hanging threads that lead into Radiant Dawn. Genealogy has the best actual story and world building but I don't think that story was told the best out of all the games. I hate to talk about pacing in terms of storytelling but I think the game's slow pace took away from the story at parts and much of the backstory was not actually in game.
Yea man it's obnoxious, too many people with a loser's attitude.
Why are they speaking english if it's a galaxy far far away?
We got more in movie backstory about Snoke then we did the Emperor for the first 30 years or so
Well my point was really that these references to the real world you are naming really aren't as immersion breaking as you make them out. The concept of insulting mothers, boring books or parking tickets are not crazy pop culture references.
There's criticism and then there's "This was one of the worst movies I've seen in a long time." It's absurd.
I can see the "phone call" being one but "page-turners"? Really? No need to condescending.
Yea dude every single planet and species in the Star Wars universe has evolved past the need for writing and books. I know this because they have computers in the movies. Nice conversation.
Any QB worth having was already on a team. The only benefit they can bring is being a backup to Foles and LBSH, we're done if we get to that point.
It's vogue to call it trash.
Anyone who actually thinks this movie ruined the Star Wars franchise is a fool
It's not caught up to the game but you don't need to have read any of the comics to enjoy and understand the game's stories.
Star Wars is going to be making billions after we are all dead
Her B3 is really good with dumb low profiling, her J2 is really good, she has great walk speed, a great backdash, great damage with various strings to hit confirm with on top of all the other tools she has. Almost everyone has her at the top of the tier list now.
I think Red Hood, Black Manta and Hellboy are the best three. Atom may well be but it's too soon, I need to play and see him more.
I really hope they don't bring back Smash 4, it was my least favorite in the entire series despite the great roster. Still a great game, but I want new gameplay.
&gt; feedback and listening to the community are not the same thing as communication. It pretty much is. &gt; This community had to wait for 3 months after launch to find out there was no Green Arrow hood. There's obviously practical reasons why it wasn't put in. It's a hood on a character, not the end of the world. Most people only care because it became a meme and Tyler made the mistake of saying it was coming when it wasn't finished. &gt; Other than that what examples can you give me of significant changes made in a timely manner because of community feedback? Balance changes, the inclusion of various characters, QOL changes, the overall way they design the gameplay. Ed Boon has polls on twitter to help decide DLC content. When that update caused issues with people's gear, they quickly responded and had it fixed with in the week. They completely revamped the netcode in MKX because of complaints. That was a MASSIVE undertaking and I'm still amazed that they actually did it. It cannot be overstated how big of a deal that was. But hey, no GA hood so I guess none of that matters. &gt; I also think stringing your fans along What? They haven't released the trailer yet, how is that stringing along anyone? What does it matter if the trailer is released before the stream? Stop whining about nothing. The trailer will be out in less then 24 hours, you'll live.
That's what feedback is. &gt; My point wasn't about the hood not being in the game. My point is that they didn't communicate to us that it wasn't they told us it was and then kept quiet about it for 3 months. The opposite of good communication. Alright, and it's one example about a cosmetic item. &gt; Hey, that is just what game developers do and it took months for changes to come to Deadshot. This does not come off as more dedicated than most companies. One of the biggest complaints about MKX and all NRS games was them patching things too quickly and nerfing strong characters too harshly. Not doing so in INJ2 was them listening to the community. And TBF, 90% of the people bitching about Deadshot that first month would still bitch about him. &gt;A lot of the gaming sub reddits I am in regularly have Devs comment on posts about problems. Yea, just like how you have NRS people post in this sub about stuff and post on TYM about glitches and whatnot. &gt;Just patching and balancing your game is not special. It is the minimum of the job for an average Dev team. That's not all they do, but when those changes directly reflect people's complaints then you give them credit for listening. &gt; Yeah but it took 8 months. The games netcode was trash for almost a year before they fixed it. Alright dude, you aren't going to give them credit for shit. They have some of the best netcode out of all fighters now and they changed it in the middle of a game's lifecycle. &gt; What you said implies that they are intentionally not releasing the trailer to get more viewers. How is that not stringing people along? You don't have to watch the stream... If they released the trailer tomorrow and then had the stream on Sunday then no one would be complaining. People are creating an issue out of nothing because they want something to complain about I guess. NRS has a far better idea of how to effectively release trailers and streams to create hype for their DLC then any of us do.
I also see no reason why his lightning kick is only -13 or whatever it is. It should be easily punishable, Flash already has a -8 special and you can cancel the lightning kick. With the lack of block stun it becomes a tough punish where if you fuck up you're getting hit with a massive combo from his d12 string.
I wouldn't mind seeing it again but preferably with just two variations or just nixing the system and having something like other games have where you can choose between a couple different specials. So it would be variations but much less significant. My whole point is that I loved the system but it clearly hurt the overall balance of the game and seemed to be too much work for them. DLC characters balance in particular was not good on release and I think it was just a case of them trying to do too much. Meanwhile Injustice 2 keeps the gear abilities(vaguely similar to variation stuff) outside of the balanced "competitive" mode and that game is very well balanced and every patch has been more balanced then MKX ever was.
I played MK9 casually on 360 and to this day I haven't had a worse experience with a controller. The dpad is absolute ass for a game with precise precision and you'd get a ton of errant jumps. On top of that, the joystick could get a little worn down which would cause it to read a directional input which usually wouldn't matter but with a precision game like MK9 you would get more errant jumps and other issues. It was a nightmare.
Don't have one but I have wet dreams about having a hitbox for NRS' games. All the inputs just seem like they would be easy as hell, and the instant jump specials!
It's been so iconic ever since this image was drawn like a year ago
&gt; The cost of the new characters is more then the original game for christ sake. Check your math
You know I just threw out an arbitrary number but I'd also count Captain Cold as a true zoner though he has to set it up more. It's definitely not the game full of zoners people make it out to be.
Nah it's gear
He was literally just Red Hood with a different costume. I just don't see why he would even deserve inclusion.
Flash is good though
MKXL is the more complete game but it won't have the same playerbase. People still play MKX though. I can still find games online even on Xbox. And you can just go to testyourmight.com or r/mortalkombat to find games anyway. MKX may be easier to pick up then SFV but I'd say it's more complex and execution heavy. SFV definitely will offer you more chances to play in a competitive environment but it seems like you'd enjoy MKX anyway. It can't be that expensive, if you are a MK fan I can't not recommend it.
60$ for base game + 40$ for ultimate pack = 100$ Let me know if you need me to run you through that.
Apparently the actual release patch has a lot of changes for her current build.
60$ for base game + 40$ for ultimate pack = 100$ Let me know if you need me to run you through that.
No problem! So first up we have the original game price, which like the vast majority of major releases from the last decade is priced at 60$. You could get that much cheaper now but that was the original price. Then we have the DLC, which is priced at 40$. You could get both the game and DLC for cheaper then listed now but 40$ is the official price. So when you take 60$ and then you add it to 40$, it becomes 100$. This looks like: 60$ + 40$ = 100$ When listed out like this, we can clearly see that 60$ is a greater amount then 40$. Just to be sure, let's check with subtraction. 60$ - 40$ = 20$ [Wow!](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZOXxxQBPMhg#t=53s) So thanks to the power of math we can see that 60$ is, in fact, a greater number then 40$ by a whole 20$! What this ultimately proves is that the DLC price is 20$ less then the price of the whole game!
Lol, people actually say yank? That's bloody hilarious! The pricing I listed was what it cost in the US, if you were using a different currency, then maybe don't use the symbol for the US dollar($) or have the competence to otherwise mention that. You are also missing the concept of the ultimate pack which will make the DLC cheaper. And I somehow doubt that the price of DLC becomes unproportionally larger in other regions. No amount of snark is going to make you right here pal.
How about we just nix it all together and say we sang it
Looks awesome. I'll never get over Shaggy's voice.
She was featured in the trailer that included the Turtle announcement
Stop, his wakeups are not shit. They were shit, now I'd say they are above average. His Cybernetic Sweep is a low attack with full invincibility that leads to a +18 hard knockdown and is only -9. Meaning a lot of characters can only get a small punish even if they were fully ready for it. This by itself is better then what some characters are working with. On top of that, he has Nova Blaster for a quick projectile to wakeup with and the anti air version is great for stopping jumps. If you want to be cheeky you can use his disruptor too. If it's bad oki you can challenge with Power Fist with a great hitbox that will give you a full combo. Techno Tackle is a thing. Still kinda sucks as a wakeup but if you are confident it will hit you can MB for good damage and it does have some invincibility frames. He is vulnerable to MB F3s but he has a lot of options here and I think it's better then most have.
I don't know what you need more out of a wakeup game though. Low hitting wakeups are a good thing. Certainly not the best but I think it's good.
In what way is a low hitting wakeup not preferable to a mid/high wakeup?
Which could be said about any mid/high wakeup. To block a low wakeup you need to be blocking low, which limits the ability to walk back and is arguably more predictable because most pressure comes from standing position and not ducking. It's inherently better then mid and high.
Being able to jump over a wakeup doesn't make your wakeups bad
No, it doesn't at all. I don't know what game you guys are playing where there isn't usually a good answer for beating an opponents wakeup when you have good oki. Cyborg can stop jumps in a lot of jump in wakeup situations with his up nova blaster but any time the opponent is jumping they are giving up their standing pressure opening up opportunities for effective delayed wakeup, back and/or forward dashes or even counter situations with anti airs and quick jump attacks.
And you give up your traditional pressure to avoid his wakeups while potentially risking being full combo'd. Where are all these characters with these amazing wakeups that have no counters? I'm not seeing them.
This is more speculation then science. And what about injuries that are caused solely by poor field conditions on a grass field?
So far they have not added enough to make me feel justified in my Deluxe Edition purchase. They've added Tekken Bowling which is very mediocre and Geese Howard. Geese is cool but it's really all they've done. They also announced Noctis from FFXV but he's not out yet. You don't get Eliza which is bullshit. You also get some costumes. Totally not worth if you ask me. Maybe some day but they haven't evoked confidence.
Another day, another spoiler in the title in r/dccomics
It's the first arc of *Justice League Dark* from the New 52 line in 2011.
I picked up the Injustice comic after the first game came out and then since The New 52 line had just started months before, I had a great jumping on point and have never looked back. Comics kick ass and DC has been great for the past five or so years.
That's what I'm talking about! If you are jumping every oki situaton then you are opening yourself up for other stuff.
It gets annoying when you start cancelling stuff, especially from normals that require you to hold down, back, or forward.
His J2 is what makes his standing float combos work so it does serve a good purpose.
Superman's not faster then Flash
Flash's speed feats &gt;&gt;&gt; Superman's speed feats http://i49.tinypic.com/2cg0kgl.jpg Note that in a previous race where they tied, they had Superman flying.
What if my motivation is arguing semantics, what color is that?
Fuck yea! What does the "hlu" in "(kick failed, hlu)" mean?
The input isn't that tough TBH after a little practice but knowing when you can actually do it and timing it right in the heat of the moment is the hard part.
Why does she lose to rushdown characters by just virtue of them being rushdown?
I get that they don't give it to the Superbowl winning coach every year but does postseason really really not matter when to the associated press giving out the award? Will they have no bias towards teams with bette post season results? Or is it voted and done already?
She doesn't throw herself at Bruce at all until the steamy moment at the end where they've been stuck in that place for ten years and think it might be more.
Go back and look at the page you are talking about, Wonder Woman is sitting there while Bruce is being eaten by a monster. So flirty. At that point we're already 15 pages into the issue, a far cry from "it's so obvious early on". And the point being debated was "Diana oddly throws herself at Bruce throughout the issue."
I think there were some truly great books and a lot of good books but really I think the best thing New 52 had to offer was a clear starting on point for new readers. I got into comics from reading Injustice and wanted to get into the main universe. The New 52 having happened months or so before made that transition incredibly easy for me and I'm sure many others. Some books worth mentioning: Justice League, Forever Evil, Animal Man, Swamp Thing and while it came later and arguably wasn't part of New 52 but Multiversity was excellent as well.
All of the top sub reddits are trash
Yea but MKX had only had 4 DLC characters at that point. This time around they planned on having 9 characters from the get go.
Yea but that time spent there could be spent on MK11 or some other game that will make them way more money at this point.
I mean that's nice and all but it doesn't entitle you to any new content past what was promised in the Ultimate edition. It's also not like the game was lacking in any major area where you should feel ripped off.
She'll be back, it's just a matter of time. I think they may skip her for MK11 though, after all they did make a grand note out of killing her off. Always could be DLC. Personally, I hope to avoid getting low profiled by ball roll for at least the next game.
Hindsight my dude
Better then a bandwagon flair
Agreed, loved Shady but he cost too much. Had Demarco Murray been given a decent running offense then I doubt people would be talking about the trade like they are.
Way too much
Scum
Request: Fake double reverse type play by Eagles that went for one yard. Ajayi I believe struggled for a yard or two with a guy around his ankle.
He didn't have the Eagles for the last two games, fuck him.
To be honest those three are kind of funny. Throwing beers at people walking around is just fucked up.
&gt; 1) I don’t think you understand how that word is used. Talking about Wentz being acquired as part of the Shady trade is 100% hindsight. Open a webster. &gt; 2) how else are you supposed to judge a move like this? The same as any other move, you judge it with in the actual context that the move was made in. Drafting a QB two years later wasn't the idea behind the trade, it just happened. So you'd judge it based on the money we freed up and the play we got from Kiko Alonso. I think it was a good trade despite Alonso but I think it's silly to list stuff like the Wentz pick up as a plus of that trade. Go Eagles.
Yes. It's a bus, it will be alright. Preferably not glass bottles but I think it's hilarious.
Injustice 2 has by far the best balance of any NRS game and it's not close. I think it's a very well balanced game. People forget that Supergirl was a character that people whined about to the point that they buffed her. Swamp Thing is also now a good character, he got really good buffs. Not every character will be as good as others but most are very competent and can compete. You say a thing like, "it took them awhile to agree with our collective logic?" Well, most people don't agree on what is balanced or not and TBF, a lot of the balance talk on see on this site is really poor. On TYM the character I hear complained about the most is Catwoman by far, but on this sub it's all Supergirl and zoners.
Half shell
The Wizard actually.
How comfy is that horse?
Just make sure you have a good angle to look down at all the lesser beings
And I'm confident no matter where that you'll be there to act superior about it
He had us losing the last two games which would of been fine but he had no faith at all. Spent half his Vikings hype video talking about his relationships with other youtube personalities rather then the game.
Yes, crying about the Millie sign because you are so offended is a case of having thin skin. Bringing up beers being thrown when I clearly wasn't defending that doesn't help your case here either.
Ivy's Nightshade isn't that bad most of the time, you just need to be patient. Mileena's ball roll in MKX was absolute trash. It was punishable but it was stupid fast and could low profile low pokes. Some characters couldn't even pressure her in the corner after landing a throw because you'd risk being hit by ball roll wakeup or tech roll &gt; ball roll wakeup. Playing footsies with her meant risking a third of your life bar. Add in the fact that she was arguably the best character in the game and you had thousands of people online where their entire gameplan was to ball roll as much as possible. Dumb fucking character.
DC/Milestone thing is weird but I think DC ultimately needs to pay some kind of royalties when they use Milestone characters. Regardless, there's definitely more red tape surrounding their use then the typical DC characters and certainly the MK characters.
All of the DC comic crossovers I've read over the past couple years have been excellent. Batman/TMNT was great, Space Ghost vs Green Lantern was great and Batman vs Elmer Fudd was excellent. Hell, even the Green Lantern x Reboot Star Trek and the freaking JL x Power Rangers were good. (Names of comics are all butchered here.)
View all of those character's arcade endings on youtube, each one is explained. Basically they all get teleported to the Injustice universe one way or another, it's not really canon though. TMNT isn't out yet but I would expect them to come up with something.
I could see how you would think that with his head being smashed into a brick wall by Croc but he's almost certainly still alive. There have been a couple continuity errors but they wouldn't fuck it up that bad by killing off Deadshot when he makes appearances in the game. I'd imagine that they'll explain how Grodd takes control of Deadshot in the coming issues.
Outside of the obvious part where Will Smith is black, he fit the role great. It would of mattered more if it was a more important character who didn't have a mask on 95% of the time in the comics.
I feel you man, I've had many different comics spoiled on r/dccomics, people should take more care. That said, this probably won't be a huge plot point.
By far the best Mario RPG IMO. A story worth caring about, fun gameplay, great music, cool environments and great humor. A truly excellent game.
Johns JL, what was Luthor plotting with Owlman? A lot of stuff in that run was just not expanded upon or fleshed out, but that's one that just seems to be swept under the rug.
Ahh that's brutal I wish I never read this comment
Just who is Cave Carson? I know next to nothing about this character.
I doubt Yamcha is very unique when it comes to damage from 6-bar corner combos with both assists.
DBZ is for kids, you should play the game with Batman and Superman in it!
And DBZ is pretty violent and sexual for a kid's show. It's a dumb criticism anyway but in this case it's just silly.
Pretend she's an Eagles fan
Hey guys here's a picture of my dog, now give me karma and attention
"Journalism"
Just confused that people upvote shit posts is all. It's a picture of a dog.
I just find it strange when people talk about Super having no stakes when we're talking about a series where bringing people back from the dead is a casual occurrence.
She's not hard to play but I would guess that it's because she doesn't have an obvious answer for zoning which is what most low to mid level players seem to have the most trouble with. Supergirl will just zone herself and use the teleport, that will work on any level and you don't need the same patience with her that you do for the majority of the cast. Prepatch, when Catwoman had armor on MB catdash you would see her all the time. She still gets around zoning very easily with her mobility and tools but that's more nuanced then a lesser player who just wants to tier whore might be looking for. TLDR: Because she doesn't counter zoning players as easily as someone like Supergirl.
Awesome mate, thanks, just what I needed
Green Arrow is a way better character in general, it's not even close. Find a new slant.
Sensationalist title for the article, they didn't order anyone to do anything and didn't even mention that the show should be cancelled. It's stretching the words "must demonstrate" very thin. Strong language sure, but hardly what the title wants you to think.
Well I suppose they could have her make a formal apology and do some other stuff. I don't care enough to have a view there TBH. But the important thing is this isn't an official order or anything from the White House like the article is making it out to be.
You can have shotguns be good without them being 90% of the game
CQC is extremely common in this game, part of the reason being that shotguns are so strong. Having a low fire rate doesn't matter when it's one of the only guns in the game that can kill in one shot at high healths. Also the fact that people use two pump shotguns, that should tell you all you need to know. What gun in the game would you drop a Blue Pump Shotgun for? What guns would you drop a Green for? That's not the type of gun I would call balanced.
Seems really silly, if there's any problem they just need to make better movies. Not to say that KoTR type stories wouldn't be rad.
I agree. A movie that really got trashed on but I appreciated was Batman vs Superman. In a genre that is often very samey, I felt that movie tried to be something special. Not to say it didn't have any tropes or any issues, but it was a ambitious movie with dream sequences and character exploration. It's won't always work for everyone, but I like it when movies take some risks and it's definitely becoming an issue where the genre is too safe. I wonder if a Pulp Fiction type movie can come in and add spark some new ideas but it just seems like the industry has become really bloated and stale.
Dude the guns are whack, they can be powerful without being fucking dominant. They invalidate half the weapons in the game. Spin it whatever way you want, they are clearly overpowered.
I'm not sure why you think your snark here is making a point, you just look silly. You're being disingenuous and focusing on this apology thing when the point is that there is no order from the White House to shut the show down, which you know, would actually be a violation of free speech and would justify you posting it on this sub. That's great if you have a hard on for Trump, I couldn't give two fucks less about that. I come to this sub to see threads about free speech and free speech being violated, which isn't a relevant issue here. Could it become such an issue? Probably not, as I'm sure the WH understands the PR hit they would take from violating the constitution, but until something like that happens this is just, as Trump might call it, "Fake News". I recommend trying to be more mature and intellectually honest in your posts, it will make them way more effective at getting your point across if you have one.
I don't care for your snark dude. We've gone from, "oh pumps aren't OP because people use Tac shotguns" to "oh they are just good because of building" to "oh it's just part of the game for guns to be overpowered" to "did you even read OP's post? You're getting outplayed, get gud". Decide where you want the goalposts to be for pete's sake. I'm telling you that incredibly high damaging shotguns in a game where there's crazy mobility, third person, building and shields should be toned down. And you make it out like I'm saying the gun should do "30" damage. No point of continuing this, feel free to come up with every possible argument under the sun to defend the golden calf that is Fortnite.
Deep breaths now
When your face starts turning purple, you know you've gone too deep
&gt; "Straw man", lol, the refuge of the panicked Redditor. I'm glad you are becoming self aware.
Not particularly on topic but I wonder how much streaming affects their judgement of how well a show does. Being on TV will give a show way more publicity then if they just streamed it on their site, and I wonder how much that affects their opinion on how well a show does even if the show has lack luster TV ratings.
I still think BvS was good
Anyone know why I can't view the older comments on this thread? It seems to stop right around when Hunter x Hunter was on. I want to see everyone's reaction to the dapper beggar
Just keep watching
Little late on this one but I'm not a fan of Phinks voice, quality voice actor, but he needs a deeper voice IMO
No, honestly doesn't matter if he actually did anything wrong, the controversy is there.
Fantastic, the show just captures something about adolescence. You could scoff it off as a pervy moment but the scene where Glasses kid notices Hidomi walking in was brilliant. Everything goes quiet, nothing his friends his friends are saying matters in that moment. He watches her as we get a close up of her doing that cute thing girls do with their skirts when they sit down. He then gets embarrassed and tries to stop his friend from talking about his apparent relationship with the teacher. He doesn't want his crush to hear. It feels real. It's a scene we've seen a million times, boy has a crush and notices her enter the room, but FLCL just seems to know how distill it down and evoke the raw emotion of it rather then just being a throwaway trope. It brings back the emotion I felt when similar situations happened to me. The same with Hidomi failing to give her mom the silent treatment or Naota's awkward lust. There's just something about FLCL, and it smells like teen spirit.
They should just go ahead and drop the number system
I really doubt people can consistently react that fast when they are pressuring In many situations they will probably have already input the next move by the time they even see it happening.
It's easy to scoff at 10 million when it's not your money
Yea me too I was wondering what crazy bullshit a character had to do to get banned in DBFZ
Does it really matter at the end of the day?
I love shitting on Capcom as much as the next guy ever since the SFV Beta was released for 60 bucks but LBSH, does the game actually have bad netcode? It seems like it's rollback and other videos I've watched have had no issues. I've seen people call it shit, I've seen people say it's solid enough. Thoughts from someone who's actually played this shit?
I should have responded to a higher comment. Point being it doesn't matter if you can get a TOD with say Vegeta/Zamasu/Frieza team, OP posted a combo for one with Tien/Zamasu/Frieza. Treat it like the teams are two different characters.
It's only ever happened once in the whole series. I suppose you could count Armageddon as well, but it was super obvious that having so many characters in that game reduced the overall quality of the gameplay.
&gt; Except the legal scholars said the president can't do that. It's really not as black and white as you make it out to be. Some say he can, some say he can't, most just talk about the moral implications of it or how he'd surely be impeached for doing so or before he had a chance to. There's no consensus. https://www.cnbc.com/2018/06/04/here-is-what-9-experts-say-about-whether-president-trump-can-pardon-himself.html
Alright, but like I said, I should have responded to higher comment. Because you said, "zamasu can easily kill without using tiens neo tribeam, bad tod". Calling a TOD bad just because it used Tien. You then showed off a TOD with a different team. People will play that team with Tien, making it worthwhile, even if there are better teams to use. It's only bad if you can show a better TOD with the same team and same resources or less.
I'm with you on that being potentially awesome, but we just aren't going to get the quality of say MKX with the roster size of Armageddon.
Nah man you just have to get used to it. Maybe it's not your game, but it's certainly not a case of you being too old, especially if you play Tekken without issue.
It's just saying that he can't pardon cases of impeachment. He couldn't pardon his impeachment if he was impeached. Perhaps there's argument concerning other clauses or cases that make it so he can't pardon himself, but to me, that passage is just saying that he can pardon every crime/offense/etc. except in cases of impeachment. &gt; It just doesn't seem to explicitly forbid it. That's kind of the crux though. But at the end of the day we can all agree that SFV is trash, R. Mika's ass doe
It's what it says. Is it an oversight? Did they just think that the president would be impeached anyway? Did they realize they weren't making a perfect document for government and allowed it be amended? I don't know, but I haven't seen anything concrete to suggest that the president cannot pardon himself. I'm all for an amendment to prevent it, but I don't see how you can stretch any meaning (at least out of this passage) to say that it's illegal.
&gt; Mortal Kombat XL. The most competitive and balanced game NRS has ever made. I guess you are saying that MKXL is more competitive but Injustice 2's balance is way better
Yea I already mentioned that. There doesn't seem to be a real consensus on the matter.
There's also mind games when you are slightly minus. If you are -3, and you poke after with your 6 frame d1, it will effectively be like 9 frame move. D1s go under highs. So if the opponent wants to pressure you when you are poking after -3 they need a 8 frame or faster mid(as your d1 will go underneath a high) which usually means they will have to use their own d1 to check you. So it becomes a guessing game of whether or not you will poke in which case you can start making reads in your favor. If you think they are going to just do a d1 after, just block and then they are minus. If you think they will just block, throw or go into some other pressure. Things like that. It also depends on how much pushback there is, a lot of moves will push back on block so far that many characters d1s will whiff, keep that in mind.
I need to press at least 3 different buttons in my tutorial combos or the game is fer cashuals
I think the automatic targeting system actually makes random battles more trivial, you don't even have to think about which enemy you are going to attack otherwise, and it turns into you spamming fight/attack/etc. with no brainpower involved at all.
Not really sure why it's letting you without the disk, but it probably has to do with the disk just being a glorified key to access content already downloaded on your xbox.
At this point it's the Capcom treatment
&gt; Heroin is an addictive substance. I had no idea, why didn't you say so in the first place? &gt; Allowing the addict to continue his addiction doesn’t solve the problem So the solution is obviously to make it illegal and put people in jail for doing the drug. I'm sure 40 years or so down the line we'll have no Heroin addicts and criminalizing it will have been a raging success! Snark aside, the idea is that we can't stop people from doing Heroin, so if we want to combat Heroin overdoses then we can create "safe" injection sites where it will be easier to monitor them, helping prevent deaths. The drug war is an objective failure, ideas like this at least try to improve the situation. Does it work? Is the example in SF a good example of the idea in action? I haven't been following it enough to know, but I'm not just going to scoff at it in favor of a policy that just doesn't fucking work. In an ideal world there would be robust rehabilitation options available to these people for free, but in reality that costs money, a lot more then it probably takes to setup one of these sites. It's not like people are just not going to do Heroin if they don't have a safe injection site. I would think people on r/shitstatistssay would be supportive of alternatives to the government throwing people in jail because they chose to use a drug.
&gt; Yes, it enables people to continue their addiction. But they'll likely continue their addiction anyway... Unless they get thrown in jail, in which case they'll get addicted to whatever drug they get their hands on in there. Otherwise they'll continue to do the drug. You do understand that thousands and thousands of people die from overdoses each year right? Do you think they cared that it was illegal for them to take the drug? These sites can save lives, they've been shown to reduce overdoses in a given area. The one in Vancouver has apparently been a big success, and there a lot more of these places across the world. On the other side, people may get addicted who otherwise wouldn't without such a site. Now, I don't know how often that actually happens as people obviously find a way to get their drugs despite the law, but it could definitely happen. The question is, how many people would actually get addicted or continue their drug use where they would otherwise quit? Hard to quantify, but if you could, how does this compare to the deaths that were prevented because the site existed? &gt; It allows them to more easily avoid the consequences of their actions. I'm not really sure what this even means, or rather what your point is. Do you want them in jail or do you just want people to overdose and die? There's a huge difference in saying, "I shouldn't have to pay for that" and "that's just the way it should be".
Damn echo chamber always shitting on Capcom, don't they know NRS games have bad animation, amirite?
Double Diccolo lolol
I don't know about any chain but it's not tough to make some delicious ones of your own. Especially if you use an easy to cook fish like Tilapia.
I find that Tilapia is a better when it's cooked a little more to make it crispier, but I don't know if everyone likes it like that, it's perfectly fine when cooked to be softer. But the best part about Tilapia is that you really have to overcook that shit to ruin it, some fish get overcooked easily but not this one. I would definitely recommend just finding a recipe you think sounds good and going for it but generally I just bake the Tilapia at like 350-400F. I use some pan spray on aluminum foil, keeps the clean up super simple. Then I just cut up some lettuce, onions and if I want them some peppers. I personally like a lot of spice. Get some cheese as well. Ready that all up and chuck it on a taco roll(I prefer soft, let that sit in the oven for a minute to warm it but not make it crispy) and then eat that shit. Hot sauce and additional spices as needed. So yea, go find a recipe you like, but even the simple low effort stuff can be really tasty.
Not sure you understand how objectivity works, but nothing in Injustice 2 or even MKX looks half as bad as Falke or Abigail
Because they think that their inclusion means that some other MK character was cut because of it when in reality they probably help developers make even more DLC and whatnot because they sell so damn well.
Best part was collecting the green orbs. If I bought that game for 60 bucks, I wouldn't have liked it. But I bought the Halo 3 beta for 60 bucks and they threw in Crackdown, so I heavily enjoyed it. Edit: Might have been 40$ it's been a long time
Yea that game was pretty fantastic, some of the best art design/aesthetics I've seen in any game. Even the menus are gorgeous. [And the music too.](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MR24-fAWwg0) The game has charm for days. It's a very relaxing game while at the same time being a challenging(on hard anyway) and deep RPG. And it's got god damn Fire Emblem references and characters everywhere. Criminally underrated.
If I fucking say fucking a lot my fucking point comes off fucking better, this is how fucking adults fucking speak
That was the one of the only games I can remember where it felt the mixture of random encounters, bosses and your ability to heal yourself were all balanced well to make it enjoyable. Rather then the random encounters being just tedious ways to get experience and to spend your time on the way to the boss, only for you to use items to get back to full health to smack down the boss. I felt I enjoyed the random encounters enough to try to minimize resource usage, you could grind for healing potions(and pretty much had to) but it was annoying(stopping me from over doing it) and you IIRC you couldn't replenish your MP with items. So it all made for some enjoyable dungeon grinds.
That'd be awesome, TMS was one of the best RPGs of the past decade
I thought it was good, I don't know what to say. Some parts felt padded, things like all the out of battle enemies looking the same and there's definitely some nitpicks but I enjoyed it heavily. I thought the battle system was really strong, the aesthetics are some of the best I've ever seen in a game, the music was great and it had charm for days. It's obviously not for everyone but I think it's damn good.
&gt; i swear greg chun only has one voice Dude he's literally doing the voice for the same character but a couple years older, what'd you expect?
I think it looks just like Radiant Dawn but with a different artstyle. We might have gotten used to consistency with the GBA games but they change the art style alot in this series.
Yea I don't know how people are going to lodge that complaint after Awakening and Fates anyway...
It's very similar to Sonic, clearly that was intentional. Doesn't make it a bad thing but it's definitely a sonic ripoff.
I think Earthbound final dungeon was great because getting through the trash mobs was the real final boss and I found it enjoyable enough. And storywise it's excellent. I think that game has some problems, but I don't think that's one. Off the top of my head, I really liked Mars Tower in Golden Sun: TLA and the other side of the door in Paper Mario: Thousand Year Door.
So his Twitter feed can get blown the fuck up anyway by people bitching about the game not being released? Give them a break
What a monumentally shitty opinion. Do you just not want the games to be good?
The idea that continued support is what keeps people playing SFV is silly. The game was unfinished, they needed to add characters just to get back to the baseline. Like yea, they've been adding DLC for a while, but Injustice 2 still had just as much if not more content on release then SFV does currently. Do we want NRS to release a game with as many characters as 93's Super Street Fighter 2 with no modes and then charge for DLC characters? Hell no. Sure I would like to see an NRS game get more and more DLC but SFV is a trash example of a game being supported after launch. Street Fighter has the greatest competitive legacy out of all fighting games so it remains popular. Capcom realizes it's important to the franchises's success(More so then in other games) so it heavily supports the tournament scene.
Well they had all their eggs in the SFV basket, MVC is a little more niche. They couldn't afford for SFV to be a complete failure. I just think it's silly to think that a game like Injustice 2 doesn't thrive competitively because they aren't doing DLC for years and years. It's just not popular on the competitive scene like that. NRS tries, they gave us 9 DLC characters and are having a second pro series, there just isn't that many people into it. You say it like if they added 4 more characters that people would start watching and going to Injustice 2 tournaments but it's just not the case. It would help, but the game is clearly just not that popular in the competitive scene compared to other games. And I love Inj2, I think it's a way better game then MKX and SFV, but the numbers aren't there like they will be in Street Fighter.
Well my point is that I view those trash mobs as the real "final boss" because Giygas(while an amazing sequence) isn't really a challenge in the normal context of the game. I get your point, but to me if those trash mobs were non existent or easy then there's nothing in the end game to challenge you and make your progress seem worthwhile. They were over the top hard and I see the Cave as the game's final challenge before an emotional ending. So I cut them slack for it being a straight forward trash mob grind because I view it as part of the final fight essentially. Unless you are super low on resources/hp going into Giygas you should beat him handily, at least in my experience.
I still think Hunters is the worst game in the series, multiplayer was neat but the rest of the game sure wasn't
I mean it tells you exactly where to go, you just have a little bit more freedom to explore for power ups then you do in Fusion. I don't really get why people seem to knock Fusion for it when Zero Mission is almost just as bad in that regard. I think Fusion has the better areas, better boss fights and the story is super solid. I think it captures that Metroid tone(alone on a space ship, can't even trust the AI helping you, etc.) better then most games in the series.
Definitely popular enough to justify buying it at a reduced price. It's a fun game all around. Unless you are on PC, it could be rough finding gams on there.
"Using thicc wrong reeeeeeeeeeee"
What games even have that? At any rate, it's definitely not a consistent thing across all fighters. It's not in NRS games, it's not in old MK games IIRC.
What about the Shiva-esque armored dude with the multiple arms? That fight was sick. The final boss is pretty cool too.
Melee Trophies were the shit
Yea but from what I understand it's only 20 bucks for all the DLC characters so with the reduced price you'll only pay 70$ for the whole package unless they add more DLC down the line. It's hard to criticize them too much for that. Also I seriously doubt that all of the characters are actually done, I think people are jumping the gun on that just because they are on disk in some form. It's not like they are making character models from the ground up here. Not the best DLC model ever but overall I think the game gets too much flak for this DLC thing. Tekken 7 charges you more for two characters and bowling. Most other games prices get way higher with all of the DLC. So it's just not that bad in BBTag TBH.
The worst FG example in recent memory is SFV yet that remains the most/one of the most popular FGs. To be frank, that game's release state was a disgrace. Don't know what to say about it, people on the competitive side don't seem to mind too much.
This final run of episodes in Stardust Crusaders is the best part of the series and one of my favorite parts of any anime.
Hopefully Diamonds are Unbreakable, would be silly to go this far into the show and stop at the season/part with the best consistency of quality.
Last episode or two does a time skip. Dragon Ball GT was originally the "canon" sequel to Dragon Ball Z. They decide to throw out GT and made Super as an alternate sequel series. So a result of that is that the final two episodes of DBZ actually take place *after* the events of Dragon Ball Super, and they are now questionably canon. I don't know if Super tries to tie that issue up nicely or if it just ignores it entirely.
Depends, do I like it? Yes? Then it's a fighting game. No? Then t's casual garbage that isn't even a fighting game. At the end of the day genres are just ways to help describe some work, as long as people get your meaning that's all that matters. Just look at RPGs, what the fuck is even an RPG? But people still kind of get your meaning when you say RPG.
Who are these badass sword wielding dudes in Melee?
And it only cost 120$!
Nintendo is a huge company that's been in business for over a hundred years, I think they have a better idea of how to run their business then people on the internet who think they are experts because they play video games.
It's not the easiest combo but he can get a solo Body Change using sparking + vanish with Guldo.
It's pretty much universal across fighting games that characters have different hurtboxes. I don't really know if it's on the same level as Tekken, but I've already found Iron Tager combos that seem to whiff on some smaller characters.
People should stop focusing too much on semantics
Partly people still hate him from pre patch when he was too strong but mostly because people get triggered over projectiles. Simple projectile use exposes bad players while at the same time being easy to use so it's a common cause for salt.
If you were a huge Metroid fan you would have bought Samus Returns
Play for shorter periods of time. Never play a set past ten straight losses. Throw out any ideas you have about "respect" and whether or not certain strategies are scummy or unfair. Don't worry about the tier placings of your character and the character you are fighting. Calm your ego so that you don't place too much value in winning or losing. Stay hydrated and don't play when you are overly tired or in a bad mood.
It's a little tool you use in certain situations, I barely used it. To actually not buy the game because of that is absurd, even more so to call yourself a huge fan and then pass on a fantastic entry in the series.
I get to decide what my opinion is, and my opinion is that you aren't a huge fan of the series if you are going to pass up on Samus Returns. Sounds like you didn't even give it a chance.
It kind of depends on what you mean by competitive, I saw that you posted in a comment that you meant stuff like "Game Balance, mechanics, depth". Take Dragon Ball Fighterz and Injustice 2. I think Injustice 2 definitely has the better balance, I find it to have more depth and I don't really think it'd be fair to say one has more competitive mechanics then the other. But if you go to Evo this year and enter both Injustice 2 and DBFZ, you'll have to face more and possible tougher competition in DBFZ then you would with Injustice 2 just based on the sheer number of people playing it. A lot of fighters are super competitive but are also very niche so you don't have many people playing them. I think your question is too subjective to have much value. Maybe be more specific about what you mean? If you are personally looking for a game to play, go with the one that looks the coolest.
Injustice 2, MKX to a lesser extent, Killer Instinct may have a solid population still and SF 30th Anniversary seems good. BlazBlue Cross Tag Battle is going good now but it's hard to say if it will be that popular going forward. I think most games that have come out recently will have solid enough playerbases. Games like MVC:I may be a struggle and some older games obviously won't be as good.
Yea I've been loving it. Aegis/Tager arouses me. Just not sure this game will avoid having low playerbase issues months down the line, hopefully it gets the recognition it deserves.
Missed last weeks episode and starting watching this 5 minutes ago, was hoping to be sufficiently confused. Am not disappointed
This is honestly one of my favorite Toonami blocks of all time, I don't get to watch Toonami every week but I'm still recording 5-6 shows every week to keep up.
MWOAHHHHHHHHHHHHHH I CAN'T BELIEVE WHAT I'M SEEING!!!!
I fucking love this show
&gt;His voice is practically identical to his Smash 4 announcer voice He is the Smash 4 announcer lol
DAMN YOU STUPID THUNDER
No Last Train Home :(
Probably harder then SFV but easier then Tekken.
What about Hyper Fighting?
Because the game is more accessible and FG players(anime in particular) tend to be snobs. They don't like how their character in game X is dumbed down for a tag battle game that's meant to more friendly for beginners. I play a ton of different fighters and while the game is certainly more streamlined and just easier then a lot of fighters, it's very fun.
Cmon bro lol How are you going to say something like "I'd argue Hyper Fighting isn't even the most balanced version of Street Fighter 2" and then turn around and be like "oh yea I never really played it, was before my time". I don't have enough experience with it to really say but Hyper Fighting is praised for its balance and balancing the game was definitely something they were looking to do with it as they nerfed Bison who was a plague in Championship Edition.
NRS games are among the absolute best FGs in terms of being casual friendly.
You could but there's no practical reason to
We're objectively the best animals around
&gt; I hear he will play an aging and imperious lord of a British manor. Wut
I find the Pro Controller on Switch to be very good in general but it also works fine with this game. Although I don't seem to have as much issue as others with joy con.
Can't you read dude? He said "legit raped", it doesn't get more legit then that.
FG matches require heavy focus compared to other games. I think as you get more comfortable you'll start to be less stressed but it will always be a factor.
Where do you think he should be?
Ignore the weird combo I need to find a better way to end it. Tager's Wedge Catapult is invincible, if you time it right you can "meaty" the opponent after a tag-in; avoiding the hit and attacking the opponent. If you surprise them and hit you'll be doing massive damage. His Sledge is also invincible except for lows. If you time it right you can eat the tag-in attack, whiff your Sledge and then attack the opponent with frame advantage. Seems very strong. Edit: Why the hell is there no Tager flair!? angryTagerface.jpeg
Ha I swear I looked it up and down multiple times, I knew he had to be in there. Thanks for pointing out what my eyes couldn't see.
Lesean was gonna be gone soon enough. I can't remember how many years he had left but look at how we pay running backs, IMO there's no way Howie Roseman was giving Mccoy a big contract. Not that I athink trading him for Kiko was worth it but I don't think it was a terrible idea to trade him. Evan Mathis and Desean were much worse cases.
!gifbot eagles 2017
So what's your opinion supposed to be? That smacking women around is okay as long as you don't go too hard? I'm sure your desire for a good running back in no way is affecting your opinion here. He had to get held back by his posse because he was trying to fuck that chick up and his one buddy ripped the phone out of another girls hand to delete her videos because they knew how bad it would look. But hey I guess he should get a pass because I saw a chick on the news who got beat up twice as bad!
Word, TBH I don't know anything about Joe Mixon so I just assumed the worst
From the video, he pushes her before she goes for his slap. And cmon man, there's being held back and there's breaking through the people trying to hold you back, knocking people on the ground and then kicking a women on the ground. Was it the most fucked up video the world has ever seen? Of course not. But it is what it is.
There you guy kids, Master Roshi knows what the ladies like
What is filler?
Are you a badass mofo? Join the army!
Life Coach Reigan to save the day
LOL
Cool show
OHHHHHH MYYYYYY GODDDDD
Sounds like Berserk
You know shit just got real when the color scheme changes
I Want You tho
Great show
Sure, and I don't even know what the title was. But it's a very bad look for Hunt.
Well he didn't make top 8 so that's too bad
&gt; The Eagles need to go 5-1 to have a chance of a WildCard. Gonna be tough for them to go 5-1 when there's only 5 games left! Good post.
Well that's something alright, still don't know why you have a job
They are hype when they are done well/pick the right character and clearly it's very lucrative for these companies to do it. And you also have to consider that Character/DLC slots might not exist if it wasn't for the promise of guest character money. They aren't necessarily stealing a spot that another in-universe character would take.
Disney dude, won't happen. Not for one of the most controversial and violent game series. And TBH, as cool as it would be they don't fit thematically. At least with horror villains there's an aspect of hilariously over the top murdering and the penchant for gore.
At the very beginning, he was Superman. Shortly after that, he was a murderer and a tyrant on the rise. You act like he just snapped and killed Oliver, at that point he was setting up his dictatorship and using his power to control humanity. There was no "he was in the right" phase after it all happened.
He did a ton of terrible shit before that, killing Joker was the moment. It took him a bit to get into really terrible shit but he never really changed his outlook, just pushed it forward.
I thought it was really good but yeah I wasn't watching it on this go through. My only real knock on Progressive was that the animation seemed inconsistent and Alternative did a better job with that. Overall, I find all three shows to be about on par with eachother. To me, FLCL is about capturing that teen spirit and expressing complex emotions while rocking out a bit and I think all three shows did well with that.
Who gives a fuck, mind your business
I'd argue that arrogance and confidence come from a similar place and confidence is definitely an attractive male trait. It's like a spice, just a tad makes it better but too much and you ruin the whole meal.
Nice character designs and artstyle
How could it be construed as anything other then good
Always when you least expect it god damn it
Yes but you can't always tell the difference, and everyone can be arrogant
Yes, that's why it's so hard to tell the difference.
I think they try to connect you to similarly skilled played but they do a poor job compared to other similar games IMO.
What's wrong with the way they do combos? In terms of inputs the "dial a combo" system is the most common system of combos in fighting games. Tekken has it, Soul Calibur has it, Dragon Ball Fighters has it, most Anime games have it. Games like Street Fighter and King Of Fighters are kind of the exception. I think people just use the term "dial a combo" wrong anyway, you don't just mash the buttons like you are playing Simon Says, you have to time your combos.
Are you saying that all of these fighters are stiff and less creative then SF because of the "dial a combo" system?
He was bad but he wasn't nearly as tough as old school MK Shao Khan. Or UMK3 Motoro....*shudders*
These playoff percentages are garbage
Strings ≠ dial a combo They haven't had dial a combo since Deception and maybe Armageddon.
But it's not dialing, you don't just mash the buttons and a combo comes out. You input a string and perhaps a special cancel which gives a launch/recapture, and then you wait until the timing is right to go into the next part of the combo. Just like the majority of modern fighting games. I really don't understand what games you guys are looking at here when I see these sort of comments. What game allows you to "combo any move you want into another"? Killer Instinct is the best I can come up with and that game has a hella unique combo system.
"I have so little faith in my team that I think they jinx it everytime they talk trash, how dare they show confidence"
Good for them having confidence and showing it. If we were eliminated it would be petty and annoying but there's nothing wrong with a little trash talk otherwise.
Eagles LB can marry my first daughter
Kamu for Governor
And I'll criticize the data for being presented in the way it is, which is as if it's an actual percentage chance the Eagles make the playoffs. Speaking of context, the context of my above response was a guy saying I don't understand math when my point was about the fecklessness of "% chance to win playoff" stats.
The beginning here was actually a big moment that really got me to buy into this show when I was questioning it.(I watched with subs years ago.) Looking back it's funny because now I love the arc, it's like the beginning of a great RPG that starts out slow. And wow, just realized, Tonpa essentially has the same motivations as Hisoka.
Grow a spine, you guys are more concerned about looking bad the you are about winning. And obviously the reporters urged him on to say shit so they could get clicks anyway.
Hey man you responded to me, just sharing my opinion
He actually almost intercepted Dak earlier this year and I'm really curious to know if he genuinely doesn't know who it is because he's a fringe player or he's secretly salty about that throw
Looks great
Nah he definitely has at least 5 interceptions, pretty good compared to last year. He loves fumbling it though.
It may just be that good defensive play can affect how much your team scores. Who would have thunk it?
They updated the netcode during MKX and NRS netcode has been among the best netcode in fighters since.
And I'm sure r/kappa will keep meming(or just continuing to make shit up) so hard that they miss out on another great game
Injustice 2 on Wii U worked fine, at least outside of online which I never played. Although it never got the last two DLC characters which was a major bummer.
Downgrade, but I don't know what performance issues the above user is talking about, was fine for me.
PS4 will remain the standard and the Switch version will surely have worse graphics or some other compromise.
Its sbout time he missed one though, hes made everything since umk3 or atleast post mk4
Talking trash is a way people show their confidence. If you want to argue semantics go find someone else
Cool video, the importance of music in games is so understated.
I think it's gonna be three variations. I think you'll get one custom variation(the existence of custom variations is confirmed), and two variations that will be balanced for competitive play, similar to Injustice 2 loadouts. So we keep variations, keep the customize aspect from INJ2 and the balance won't be as negatively affected as it was in MKX because they only have to balance 2 variations to a competitive level rather then 3 per character. I think the one variation will represent the classic version of the character from the classic timeline(and maybe pre MK4 we'll have to see) and you'll have a modern variation for the modern timeline. So for a Liu Kang, the modern variation would be him as the revenant King of the Netherrealm like we saw him in MKX and the classic variation would be his non revenant classic Bruce Lee look. Thats what I'm getting based of rumors, leaks and just the general feel of where NRS is going with this.
The constant hate on NRS games here just shows how fraudulent you guys are. They make good, traditional 2d style fighters and you guys do nothing but shit on them. It's just not SF or Tekken or even MvC so it gets trashed on from the jump.
Well if we lose against the Rams/Texans then the Redskins game might not even matter so I'm kind of with you. I wouldn't be happy but the key is to win this Dallas game. If we beat Dallas and Dallas wins out and we just can't match their win total, I'll be mad but accept it. At least then we didn't let the division beat us and we just couldn't get enough wins. You know so, obviously I want them to make the playoffs but if they win tomorrow then at least I can get to sleep at night knowing that they didn't let this currently overrated Dallas team eliminate us in a head to head.
Goku's like "don't steal my kill bro" and then ends up getting Tien whacked
He was gonna help Goku with Gohan but then Goku said "nah I got him" right before Gohan messes Tien up. Gokus a shit teammate
Apollo Creed obv
OHHH MYYY GOODDDDDDD
You know shit just got real when the color scheme changes
Damn son
Old man hype
Imagine thinking Toonami would actually compete with Netflix
That's not how seasons work
That game was terrible dude, and I don't think I have any bias in saying that. One of the worst officiated games I've ever seen. It was a close and competitive game so that's nice but it was dramatically affected by poor officiating.
I haven't lost faith in Carson's talent and potential but stats are stats, there's no question that he played dramatically better last year.
Yes
People could also just get good and stop blaming balance for themselves losing
You mean their 3rd and 4th WR
Come back after you finish grammar school buddy
This is what happens when you take shit out of context. We went for two during the Panthers game when it was 10-10 to go up 18-10 early in the 3rd quarter. That was the "no-brainer". TBH I kind of wish they went for it but it's not even remotely the same situation.
What does good mean?
It will never be the same without the touch screen, and yes, the Switch has a touchscreen but it doesn't even have a stylus and seems to be lower quality "touch recognition" then on the Wii U.
No I think it's great because each character has set stages and enemies, making it feel more unique. And there's 74 characters, we don't need it to be super long.
He needs to come back so him and Bo' Rai Cho can be buddies like their intros in MKX would suggest. I agree that he has a ton of potential. He's just this low level thug in SF and then after going to the dream realm he become less human and more OP, both physically and mentally. And obviously his move set is awesome. I think Tremor should definitely make a return, if he can't be playable at least let him have his part in the story like Rain in MKX. Though Rain and Noob need to come first!
I was being sarcastic dog I have zero issues with Kamu's comments or play
Well obviously the stats tell you everything you need to know which is that he's been playing fantastic and in no way has his play been a factor in the eagles losing! Thanks Reub!
Can we criticize the guy for his actual on the field issues instead of just repeating the same out of context quote ad nauseam
&gt; "I don't know if it's been more difficult, but it's been challenging to integrate him," Groh said. "Certainly, with the way that we weren't able to stay on the field the other day and finding your rhythm to the offense, that part of it, then everything becomes a little bit disjointed. If we can do a better job of staying on the field and having drives, then everybody gets more involved in the offense." Because wheres the part where he talks about the whole offense struggling? All you hear is "hurr durr I don't know how to use Golden Tate". But maybe I'm wrong and it will be more productive to talk about a random quote from a month ago rather then play calling or things that matter.
It's not about making him look better it's about not being lazy with arguments, I'm really kinda anti-meming here I guess
I'll take a little soreness in the loins if it means I get to watch BDN do BDN things against the Rams
Actually that's how games work
Set the record straight about what? An unsubstantiated and widely dismissed rumor from that hack myrtetus? Acho saying the medical staff from 5 years (before pederson) ago sucks? Hes clearly told by the organization what to say about this shit anyway its not like hes making the PR decisions or the medical decisions
You are assuming that there was an actual injury that was diagnosed and that they then hid that from the injury reports without a shred of evidence
And they should be, god damn great analysis. Just a guy who loves the game praising quality play/coaching and occasionally ripping them when needed
Again, you keep assuming they didn't report an injury that was diagnosed and fail to provide any evidence or even attempt to. I don't see the point of continuing with this, have a good one.
Don't get mad at me because you have nothing to back your tin foil. You've had like ten chances to provide. They probably thought he had a possible injury or were concerned about it at the time, then after looking into it they felt comfortable playing him. Maybe it was something that got worse over time, like a stress fracture........ Now if you'll excuse me, it doesn't befit a genius of my stature to linger
I thought his back happened just this last offseason. At any rate, he played great last year and was crucial to the team's success.
No and don't feel bad for sports journalists
You're are buying into the narrative friend
Your point changed. Now you are saying it's possible that they violated league rules when you started out saying that he was clearly injured and they were clearly violating the rules. Still the same sort of idea but I wouldn't have commented over something along the lines of "I think they may have broke the rules." It's whatever
This is dumb as hell tbh
You don't have to tip(99% of the time), you are just a cheap fuck if you don't. Exceptions for poor service and the like There's also your choice in the matter, when we're talking a waiter the tipping aspect is unavoidable, but if you don't want to tip your valet parker or another service job outside of that? Don't valet park, don't get a caddy, don't hire a caterer, etc. If restaurants pay their employees more, then their prices will go up. You're probably gonna pay the money anyway, but as it stands your service will expect it
Pick a percent and pay that percent every time regardless of service. *Damn that was hard!*
&gt; Good service staff get payed WAY more through tips than they ever would through minimum wage. Yeah that's objectively false. True in some situations sure but entirely depends on where you work. Some of you should also consider that these can be really shitty jobs in terms of stress, hours and how people treat you. Most people doing these jobs wouldn't if they didn't make tips.
It's not a fighting game unless I have to churn butter with my joystick
Like from your computer to the TV? Literally just have to plug it in
Bolic
Wentz wasn't getting that this year anyway. Doesn't matter at all tbh
You sound pretty salty tbh
Azeroth is home to some great ass cities/towns mang, hard to go wrong with Dwarves
Everquest's terrible layouts are legendary, wasn't there portals or something in Neriak? Been too long but I remember being stuck inside that city and it being a mess. It's funny, nowadays people complain of too much hand holding in games but then you think back to the insanity of Everquest, some of the difficulty and design choices would be unthinkable today. What an amazing game.
R/MortalKombat is many things but one of those things is being a place to get the latest news about Mortal Kombat. In today's gaming world, leaks are a reality. Every single NRS game has had its roster accurately leaked before the game released. So by banning leaks, you are essentially banning news about the game. Leaks were the primary thing people were talking about for weeks before the trailer anyway, it's a part of the hype and it's beyond silly to outright ban it. And if people don't talk about it here, you can be sure that they will talk about it on TestYourMight, Discord, Youtube and other forums.
The argument that it was solely on the refs would work if the Eagles played a good game, they didn't. They clearly gave us make up calls(which shows how fraudulent is it but that's besides the point) which allowed use to score on that drive. At any rate, while our hobbled defense battled on the field for 50 minutes our feckless offense couldn't break 50 yards in the first half. We got fucked by refs and lost a coin toss in a shitty system for overtime but the Eagles had plenty of chances to overcome.
Our secondary was not shit last year stop it Depending on the future of Jernigan, we may have sore need of another D-tackle. Our D-Line is so important to our scheme and the lack of a quality 2nd D tackle is killing us. Definitely need to consider that in the draft. We also need to consider O-line, but certainly could use more in our secondary, but we have a lot of guys injured who could come back.
If he continues to give them this production and gets resigned then he will definitely have been worth that 1st round. It's the risk and the fact that their season was looking grim that made it such a questionable trade
It's about as necessary as suicide doors on a minivan
I'm not going to cry that the game is rigged but saying that you guys had a 100 yards in penalties belittles the fact that the officiating benefitted the Cowboys dramatically more then it did the Eagles.
Don't worry man CC players hate your character too
Dairou is kinda cool, I can actually remember his special moves. Kira just sucks. Darrius is sick, don't hate. The order realm is criminally underused. Mavado does suck, but he's not Kira tier to me. Some people seem to like him though. Kobra has the Evil Ken factor going for him. Hsu Hao is fun to hate. The only thing Kira has going for her is her hair color.
Just let me know when it's finished and I'll binge it one glorious panel at a time
The Cowboys are like DBSuper if we're talking early Super where it's okay but feels like an inferior version of the movies but with more filler
I'm sure that if Brown had survived the crash that he would have had no remorse about it
Yea he made a great play, just because you don't know where the ball is doesn't mean you can't play defense
We almost just scored twice bro relax, bad timing to talk about play calling
She did make it in the MKX comic but it wasn't the best showing
Imagine feeling the need to rip Foles rn
We'd have to either win the 5th seed or Dallas would have to win a playoff game. LBSH, neither of those things will be happening this season
&gt; In all seriousness Nick Foles could win us another SB and he would not be the starter next season. If we're being serious the Eagles would be insane not to try to resign him as the starter if he managed to pull that shit off
I edited my comment but 10% is a lot of plays man
&gt; Insisting he thought or did otherwise is silly. I'm really tired of defending myself on reddit for points I didn't make. I never said he thought he needed a mobile QB. Him trading for Bradford proves that he didn't think that. My opinion is that he was wrong and his offense needed at least a decently mobile QB.
No one was half assing it
So I'm gonna guess that's a vote of non-confidence in you guys beating the Vikings for us next week?
Well it would only matter if it was "incomplete"
&gt; Since when did we start blaming ACL injuries on the players? When they started calling players who get injured injury prone
*This just in:* The pro bowl is a joke
Instead of laughing your ass off try reading the article. The article is about the decision to sign him sooner or later, because of the affect of his injury on his value currently.
Yea man there's literally nothing to consider with his injury history, his recent play or our cap situation going forward
I agree, but I would hardly call it a no brainer. You are still going to have to pay Wentz a ton even if his camp will accept less, and there's argument for waiting to see how his play looks after more time to heal. There's no guarantee that he will come back to the caliber of player he was last year, even if he has a great career.
What are your thoughts on these last two games? I know the Lions aren't hot right now but is it any given Sunday with a division game? Do you think the Bears will have reason to play and if they don't is that pretty much a lock for you guys? I'm actually feeling good about the Eagles chances of going 2-0 against the Texans/Redskins but I feel like you guys are gonna get your revenge by winning out anyway.
Russell Wilson played his out of his fucking mind that game. Getting pressure is never a bad thing
Because it's not fun(at least in this system where you have to grind for days) and it's a big portion of the game. Personally I don't find the stats compelling at all because it's a PVP game even with AI, the AI will have better stats to match your "growth". Being able to change your moves was kind of neat though, despite the balance issues with them
&gt; he literally carried the whole team
Mike Groh isn't the GM
"Why trade for Tate if you're aren't going to use him?" is a question for the GM.
Yes but you're talking about the trade, don't get upset
Uncommon in recent years, fairly common about a decade ago
The balance is dramatically better, not just in terms of character vs character tier lists but in things like a general characters ability to anti air, how powerful wakeups are, etc. Injustice 2 is also a game that rewards good defense more then most fighters do but also has more character variety then MKX due to MKX leaning heavily towards aggressive rushdown offense.
2nd Cowboys game for sure, you can lose a game or two but you can't afford to lose to a divisional opponent twice and it was a must win game. Saints is the second, we got blown the hell out and it was the worst our team has looked in years.
It's reddit man
Good, it's not football. At least stuff like Madden reflects the sport
I think Fantasy is way worse. Sometimes it feels like they change the rules of the game to benefit fantasy and it's a big part of the reason people are obsessed with stats.
That's what I'm getting at. We want them to win this week so that they can play to either win the 2nd seed by having a better record then the Rams or by winning the tie breaker. If they lose this week and the Rams win their game, then the Bears lose their chance of getting a bye and will most likely phone it in for the Vikings game.
Agreed, and since badges were so interesting, that made exploring the world and finding all the secrets that much more worthwhile. So they maintained that aspect of "no stone unturned" that help makes so many RPG worlds engaging.
"Journalism"
Was a close one
He's talking about Black Manta dude
You aren't good enough at the game to play Cheetah. Stop posting about it every couple months.
If Nick Foles wins a couple playoff games this year I think it would be best for the team to let him walk
"It's a laugh factory" Lol Michaels with dead pan
[MFW the refs are garbage](https://i.imgur.com/YM3Ggih.jpg)
The horse is dead already have mercy
Honestly not sure what half you are talking about
I double checked and as far as I can tell those stats are as accurate as pro football focus website records. Please correct me if you see something that is inaccurate. For Foles, it's the last 5 non-preseason games, including the four this year and the Superbowl. For Wentz, it's the two Dallas games and the three in between.
Seriously, I get that there's time where that higher draft pick looks attractive but you don't build a winning culture but intentionally losing games in a 16 game season.
&gt; But I'm the one cherry picking, when you're putting it all on one game (or when you conveniently include stats for Foles across 2 seasons so you can include a particularly good game for him; you know, cherry picking). Yea dude the point is that taking stats out of context is a weak way to make an argument
Just because you lose a game doesn't mean you aren't busting your ass out there The Saints game was the only game you can question the team's effort
I'm not really sure why we haven't seen it more(Sproles being back has to be a big factor) but it's not an easy play for a QB, Foles was spectacular with it in Sunday
For sure, but I mark that down under "not executing properly". Maybe a coaching/practice thing but not like they were phoning it in on the field
The fans can affect the game in the stadium in subtle ways with momentum and more noticeably when they make it more difficult for opposing offenses to get set and cause them to take delay of game penalties, etc. It's the main reason for home field advantage existing in most stadiums.
You resign your two time winning Superbowl QB without even thinking about it. I don't know why people have so much trouble with this.
Do you like going to do your job? Most of us don't. Now just imagine you were being paid 80 million+ dollars to go do your job
I just don't feel like getting into on reddit in general but the Giants and possibly the Jaguars make sense. I just wanted to drop the point that he could make a shit ton of money next year, that may override any personal feelings he has. He may be picky, but I think he'll have options. I could even see the Titans doing it and I imagine there's more teams then that who need a QB or will make room to try for Foles after his recent success and the playoffs last year.
Don't waste your time arguing about genre descriptions, they don't make any sense
Eh I don't think the Eagles really do stuff like that(crosses fingers*), you always see fans say that about their teams. It's definitely true about the Flyers though
Fly Eagles fly
I for one am not tired of having the problem of too many good QBs being on the team
How can you simultaneous downplay Carson's injury history while ripping Foles for getting hurt?
Because you are making his injuries out to be a problem while trying to argue that the injuries to another player in the same position aren't a problem.
Nonsense, the Ninja moves made up 80% of his specials, they will definitely have them in a variation. His kustom moves might mostly be Ninja stuff. TBH the normal Soul Steal is the one that I'm worried about. That said, I strongly believe we'll get a variation with Ninja stuff and one with just Soul Steal.
I'll just say that they might not even reach 4 DLC characters if it wasn't for guests who sell so well. If Atom and Enchantress sold well in Injustice 2, it's because they were bundled with TMNT. That's not to say that Atom/Enchantress aren't fun but popularity wise, the guests will win out.
OHHHHHH MYYYYYYY GOODDDDDDDDD
You know shit just got real when the color scheme changes
I Want You tho
LEEEEEEOOOORRRRRIOOOOOOO
[Watch this!](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fh1Y1TfV86U)
When they get an overhead starter(like the rest of the cast NRS!!!) my main will finally be viable and I'll stop losing to people spamming uppercut
Still didn't really explain that last part
&gt; Goes without saying, but MHA needs to move back into the body of the lineup. Why does that go without saying? People are still tuning in for DBSuper, maybe this leads to more longterm success for MHA by getting people early for DBSuper to get into it. Would MHA reach those numbers without it? It's not automatically bad just because it has smaller numbers than DBSuper.
Toonami regretting the shit out of putting HxH behind Naruto rn.... /s
Sorry Shodown but I need me some Shang
Archetypes really aren't that important and in some games they all sort of mold together. There's a lot to get into here but I know MK11 very well if you have any questions about a particular character. &gt; The actual buttons you press will be different for each character, but when I play them, I'm basically doing the same thing each time. There's many situations that are basically universal across the cast. Scorpion does an unsafe teleport and you will use the biggest combo that starts fast enough to punish it. That's not really going to be that much different per character, the combos will be widely different but the idea is the same. If you are full screen, then you are going to use your projectile, right? The real differences come from how the opponent reacts and how their character matches up with you. How do you use Kabal's tools to open people up who are blocking? What pokes do you need to do with Ryu to get people scared to approach?(And when?) Imagine that you want to use Sub Zero's iceball to keep people out like a zoner, but when you play Scorpion he just teleports on reaction every time and blows you up, so in that match you would act like less of a zoner and more like a rushdown character. So it's really not that important to worry about the labels
&gt; Victarion recalls how sailing the Smoking Sea is impossible. So? Does Valyria have demons running around or is does it host an active volcano? We don't know and obviously there is a lot of unconfirmed claims about it. I do think he may just be a normal guy and this is all playing on that theme of "superstition versus magic" that we've seen so much of. But I also think it's likely that he has been to Valyria or at least around it.
TBH I think it's absolute nonsense to judge the success of a show on a tv block based off Nielson Ratings, and I always have, for just the reason you gave. I'm just going easy on it to maybe nudge some people into not caring nearly as much as they do about this stuff.
Poe's law dog, I understand it's the internet and you are just seeing text but it was obvious sarcasm. Champ isn't an insult in any way, don't take offense
Raiden is most certainly not the worst character. He's slowly and steadily rising up the tier list IMO. Kung Lao neither, don't believe everything people tell you about how bad their character is haha.
I think it's one of his best films. It just hit a lot of notes for me. A true period piece that offered a glimpse into an interesting historic period with great visuals and nice cinematography. It was a film with a strong spiritual aspect, but I never felt that it was preachy. It felt like an exploration into the challenge for the devout to keep faith, even in face of persecution, even when keeping faith was not the best idea. Not being religious myself, I still find this to be compelling. I was actually anticipating this film for a long time years back(a long with The Irishman, hah!) and when it finally came out it passed me by, but I'm very glad to have watched it because it's one of favorite films of the past decade.
&gt; Can we talk about how Tom Cruise's acting has never come close to being this good in any other film? He's really terrific in EWS. Agreed, he absolutely kills it
Pirates are men of the sea, making them great swimmers, Dart especially
I get that reddit becomes predictable and annoying but most of these posts get a couple nice responses detailing different options
#ZA WORLDO
Rohan-Sensei the Goat Sensei
JOJOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO Shoutout to "I Want You" who couldn't make it tonight Give us part 5
Ging is best worst dad
You are wrong, there are fighting games that are objectively easier to play then others and ones that are more beginner friendly. To argue against that is like saying that execution and gameplay complexity have no affect on how intuitive a game is for new player. And some fighters come with robust tutorials and more single player options which make the game more accessible for beginners. We'll keep getting these threads because fighting games are hard and and in all genres, there are games of various difficulty.
Ouch
You aren't going to get a ton of love starting with that first comment but yeah, this trailer was the polar opposite of the first trailer. Felt like two different games in the same series
We may never get Jojo on Toonami again fam, pour one out just in case
I'd actually be surprised if they didn't rerun Super. Like why not? People will watch it on rerun, I'd watch it sometimes
And the story seemingly has very little wonder and awe, and a whole lot of "military in space"
Ouch
Apparently not the above poster haha, otherwise they would remember that there was a white actress and an asian actor
I think the best this episode had to offer(at least after aborting the up-beat and swaggy tone of the first 10 minutes) was the humor but overall, I think it tried to be too serious. It gave you a bit of stuff to think about in terms of technology impacting people's lives but it was such a ridiculous and implausible premise that it was really hard to take too seriously. If was fantastic when they were playing up the absurdity of it all, as opposed to the more serious and angsty tone we got through out the episode. Too much generic, "I feel bad" music, not enough "I fucked a polar bear and still can't stop thinking about you!"
&gt; Don't fall for the appeal to nature fallacy. The episode's message was clearly that VR cross-gender sex isn't good, just because it's natural!
Tetris is fucking rad bro, there's a reason it's one of the most popular games of all time
Just because there's a story doesn't mean that every aspect is meant to be a guide on how to live your life
&gt; It might be best asking a transwoman this, who experienced both sides. That's not really how it works haha
IIRC he was still offered the position even after her resigned because he was so well regarded "He dudn't want eet"
It's kind of what happened
&gt; And why didn't Varys take Elia and Rhaenys as well? They are women. That point is easily justifiable with the first male being the heir, as shown to be a big deal in Fire and Blood
Brilliant game, but they were already really pushing it with the Xbox One, I'm very curious to see how well this will run
This game has frame issues on Xbox One though, obviously they are going to try to scale it down and make it work but we'll see
PrICe HiKe!1! The game has not been released on the Switch before, so there's no price hike to speak of.
What about the VR stuff wasn't? People do not simulate the experience of having a completely different body down to repoductive organs. The premise was objectively absurd. Carl and our main character are the first people to ever have sex in Striking Vipers? It has that application but this shit isn't extremely popular already as porn? How did a game with literal sex pass the ESRB? If the developers are that talented that they can emulate being in the opposite genders body then why are they wanting their time making niche fighting games?
And she was female. Did you have a counter point to that?
MeNTal GYMnaStIcS
I can nitpick it and it wasn't perfect(especially the theatrical version, why did you do that cut WB?), but god damn I love BvS. One of the most ambitious comic book movies ever. It tackled political implications, it had dream sequences, a time travel storyline that we'll never see the payoff for, character exploration and it had super badass standard comicbook movie stuff that you would expect. It felt like watching a great DC graphic novel, that would deconstruct character motivations and push the genre forward. It even had a Stanley Kubrick Eyes Wide Shut reference! This was the movie that really made me stop caring about critical/general consensus of art, it's better that way anyhow.
In the books, I very much doubt that they will solve the problem of the others(an admitted metaphor about global warming) for ever and ever so the Night's Watch could continue their duties the same as they have for however long
Do you not like book Sansa? I've been enjoying her quite a bit in her travels as Alayne
So what's the deal there? Run around forever until you find them? Look at a map?
&gt; He drunkenly rapes a slave girl in Essos. This comes up a bit so I want to cherry pick it. I don't think it is appropriate to describe it that way in the context of a world where slavery is common and when the girl was "working" as a prostitute. He used slave labor prostitution, that's reprehensible enough on its own.
&gt; Like closer to 15 if you count affc/adwd as one book, which I do. Pretty arbitrary, don't you think?
Who here is to say what Martin does with his time?
Boy I hope so, that would be an amazing show for late night rerun.
Sell it to me
I never said you couldn't criticize him but there's no point of getting into debates about how he spends his time when it's his personal business that won't be privy to us
You might as well debate how much chocolate is in the center of Pluto
&gt;Jesus does everyone on reddit have to defend rape and slavery? Pay attention more and you won't make up fantasies.
&gt; But that's not the case for the pokemon being cut from the game, the models are already done, and a fact, animating those models now is ever so much easier than animating a bunch of 2d sprites like they had to do in previous generations. That's just not true. And they reused some of their 2D sprites across games anyhow.
&gt; I don't want GRRM anywhere near Bittersteel, Barba, Bethany, Daena and the Blackfyres. Huh
Yeah but neither of those requirements are the only way to activate it. The Sunglasses one is actually very usable, you can just do a punish or a hit confirm into some combo with a fatal blow cancel. I've landed that one a decent bit, it's just a matter of execution with the cancel. And it's actually hilarious when you do land that one as a first hit, it can catch jumps at the start of a round. Say Cheese/Camera one is extremely tough to land as a first hit and generally seems impractical as is but it can still be used in some matchups. That one definitely should get looked at, the idea is for Johnny to be taking pictures of the opponent like he's taunting them, but having to do three whiffs in a row and then a hit is silly, it should be like you have to do three whiffs and then you have it loaded for good.
I don't know how he's going to die but I think he's going to kill Barristan
**Will female Goku prevail against the might of normal Goku!?? Find out this time on DRAGON BALL SUUUUUPPPPEEERRRRR!!!!!**
AUI Activated
I was at Summer Jam last year and they had this sick 3D Yu Yu Hakusho game but I can't remember what it was called. I didn't get a ton of time with it but it was fun and it looked like a Japanese arcade cabinet to me. It was like early DOA games level of graphics. Anyone know what I'm talking about?
MK11 looks bang bang
It's very good. They toned down offense to make it way more neutral focused.
&gt; Even things like making frame data and hitboxes accessible in game were pioneered (i think) by KI3. Games had those before but it really just had a whole package going on. Not enough games do the hitbox/hurtbox thing. The game had a weird release cycle but the end product was bang bang.
Killer Instinct wins again
Surely some dude on his couch with zero experience can parse out exactly how much space and work it will take for gamefreak to get all the Pokémon in the game
Cmon man it's fan speculation based on file sizes. They have zero idea of how much work it takes Gamefreak to put these Pokémon in and they have no idea of what all the other assets in the game are and how much space they take up. It's just arm-chair game development. If it's that easy, they would have done it, they don't hate money. They obviously felt that it wasn't worth the cost or that it was impractical with how they are currently doing it.
I thought the people were going to rise up and not buy because the lack of boodity
Nah, this game has solid balance and it hasn't even got a balance patch yet. Going kustoms might be the move in the long run but it's definitely going to hurt the balance, some of those moves are whack and the tournament variations were carefully put together to avoid the real cheap shit.
But Shang is still fucking rad, let me know when another fighting game franchise gets a character this great
If you see that as being a bad move or something then you need to try it more. Sonya wasn't going to meaty him on knockdown after that string and a jump forward would have worked perfectly if he just did a jump kick. Jumping avoids throws, avoids combo states on non meaty oki(if the string/pressure can't be converted into an air combo, which is often the case), it creates whiff punish opportunities and it creates a meta where the opponent has to respect your jumping option.
How did you transfer? SD card? I currently have my old DS with the games and old save files and then my New 3DS XL with newer files and a ton of space.
Yes, jumping is almost a universal option for avoiding throws in most fighting games. But if you jump you can get blown up for it, so you can also duck throws and if you know what throw he will do(back or forward throw) then you can tech it with the right button. Though the latter options will not work against the few mid hitting command grabs in the game, such as Geras's one in the New Era variation. That said, the throw loops people usually talk about are just with his normal throw. Make sure to do the tutorial to help you be aware of all the options.
Legendary
&gt; It was by no means a perfect series and had its fair share of flaws during certain portions of the story, yet stayed the course in terms of quality more consistently than many other adaptations of long-running shonen. Speak for yourself. I found the show to be consistently great. Among the top 3-5 shows ever shown on Cartoon Network in my book.
Well as you've seen there are mid hitting command grabs. A command grab is just a throw that is attached to a special input. Most commands grabs in NRS games have actually been mids but some have been highs and MK11 has more ones that hit high then otherwise. Back in the Pack Kollector, New Era Geras, and Ascension Kotal Khan all have mid hitting command grabs, the only universal option to avoid those is jumping. Pretty sure those are the only mid hitting command grabs in the game.
So stuff like D1~tackle and F2~tackle are cool and are useful tools, but as you've noticed it has the problem of only connecting if the opponent actually blocks the normal. And if they were going to block the normal, then you could have just done a straight tackle in the first place. D1~tackle is still probably good just because d1 is so fast but keep that in mind, if you think they are going to block then you don't need a tick throw, just do the throw. You want good pressure, with a dash of command grab. As tempting as it is, the command grab can be punished, so don't be afraid to stay safe with F212. Try to learn the opponent's defensive tendencies so you can go ham on them when you need to. F21~time stop is inconsistent with different character hurtboxes, I think it only lands on big/tall characters like Geras or Raiden. You could just yolo into F2~time stop or F3~time stop if you are that confident they will mash out. And obviously you want that big juicy damage but 205 from **F212, DB1** isn't bad.
He's like "Ahh shiiiit, here we go again..." I love how you tried to go for an air to air lol
Why tho? I really really enjoy the two Nidoran lines, essential gen 1 Pokémon IMO
I hate how this is a common take now. Very little wrong with those original games. The series has barely changed in terms of basic gameplay
I remember thinking that back in the day but it probably would have created programming hurdles if they combined the two genders, especially because they needed to trade from Gen 1 to Gen 2. And then it's just one less Pokémon and ruins our 250.
Alright man I don't need a paragraph full of glitches that a player will never notice in a casual playthrough. Played those games for years and the only glitch I ever actually noticed myself back in the day was that Focus Energy was shit
The bugs barely affected the game for normal play. Ghost type stuff was a total non issue, I don't even think it's fair to call it a glitch or a flaw. Ghost types were for the Gastly line. Focus Energy didn't work, I actually noticed that one when I was a kid. But there really isn't any significant glitches that noticeably affect gameplay or would be encountered in a normal playthrough. You have to look that shit up.
So the game is flawed because they couldn't predict the future? It's a primarily single player game and it played fantastically. I just disagree about the Pokémon designs.
Attempt to read my posts little buddy. I'm aware of some gitches and how this sub likes to circlejerk about non issues with the games
Can't say all these other replies agree lol
B12 is overhead that leads to full combo, B14 is low. B14~Ring can be a full combo in the corner if you cancel the amplified ring shot.
B12 is overhead, B14 is low, using the amplified ring shot cancel can let you combo from the low in the corner.
Wrap was obnoxious, but that wasn't a glitch. It was like that in Pokémon Stadium too. Psychic being good isn't a glitch. Freeze froze Pokémon, that's the point. There's an infinitely available item for curing the status. Not nearly as difficult to deal with as a hundred other status' from other RPGs. They nerfed it in later games but that doesn't make it a glitch. Swords Dance rollover is a glitch that takes away from the quality of the game, sure. But a lot of this stuff is a non issue outside of link battles. I don't think the game was originally meant to be played competitively(especially gen 1) so there's only so much shit I'll give them for the cheap stuff in that mode.
Fair enough. Did you end up taking the round?
Then you aren't playing the character right TBH. Forget the morphing, Soul Steal as an actual move is fantastic. It's a 13 frame(IIRC) mid that reaches half screen, anti airs and gives you a super plus knockdown. You should learn how to do basic stuff with each character just so you won't be crippling your self by avoiding use of one of his best neutral tools.
Literally everything. The national dex is actually already done they are just too lazy to publish it
My wifi connection is better than 90% of your guys silly string connections out there. Of course, a good wired connection is usually preferable but a lot of people on wired do not have good connections.
