.org must be safe to use. TPB still has theirs, right?
This seems to have fixed my problem. I'm now getting a little over 90 hours of battery life, with minimal use, which means the battery has lasted pretty well over the two years I've had it. Not far off 4 days, and certainly very good considering two years of battery wear.
&gt;come ooon bullshit. the only reason people keep track of crack watch is to play free games. I do download some games I see here. Some I use as a demo and buy the game, others I don't. However, the only reason I ever started following this sub was because of Denuvo. Denuvo, the big bad uncrackable DRM and anti-tamper, generated so much hype for piracy that I started following cracks of games that I had no interest in at all. In the early days, I even downloaded and played some of those games, having no interest in them other than the fact that they had Denuvo and were cracked. I never bought those games. Now I'm here. I bet it's a similar case to how The Pirate Bay saw peak activity when governments started blocking it. Restricting access to things just promotes more of the illegal activity you're trying to fight against.
This isn't really a plus. It's a limitation. If you're using an app that does loads of work in the background, then either it's been made wrong or you would be upset if it weren't doing that. Take Premiere Pro as an example. How would you feel if it stopped rendering your video just because you minimized it or didn't make it one of your two snapped apps in tablet mode? You'd probably call it a waste of space and blame the devs, yet this is the reality of UWP. There is a particular "restricted capability", which lifts background execution restrictions and will get your app denied on store submission, but even this particular capability doesn't lift all of the framework limitations. There's not really any issue with leaving apps open on Windows, so long as they're made correctly.
Yes. This is what all of the Xamarin frameworks do. They provide C# wrappers for the native APIs. Xamarin.Forms additionally provides its own UI framework which uses native controls on each platform you build for.
You mean in terms of signal strength?
VS2017 crashes on me several times daily. I have 32GB RAM and an 8700k.
Background tasks are not a solution to that problem, and most of them will be in-process anyway; and you opt out of suspending with the "particular rescap" I mentioned. As I also said, this rescap does not lift all restrictions, so it's a partial solution at best. Non-suspended processes are literally zero drain if they're not doing anything. You don't use power just for having some small amount of memory allocated and sitting at 0% CPU and 0% GPU usage. You use power by doing work. As I said in my previous comment, whether the app uses resources in the background depends on how it was made, and whether you're happy with that depends on whether it was made correctly. See the Premiere Pro example.
&gt;It's only scary because we're all helpless at Google's mercy Only if we use Google phones. OEMs have a lot of freedom. Most of them are braindead like Google and just want to make the ugliest iPhone clone they can manage, but Samsung in particular puts a lot of effort into UI improvements.
So when this happens, is your horse permanently dead?
Fair enough. I haven't tried targeting the wearable platforms. My mistake.
FYI I am a developer and have direct experience with UWP. I would say you are the one who does not know how UWP works, and clearly you do not understand power consumption.
How the fuck did they run out of money with all of the DLC they release?
It seems that we have differing standards then. Maybe I should expect more. I was pretty happy with the improvements I saw to gaming. Most games don't need the new CPU power, sure, but the heavier ones like Assassin's Creed and Battlefield show, for me, what I'd call major improvements. Maybe for you, the percentage increases aren't enough. I do use a few virtualization technologies, and on the basis of having more processors, I've been happier. I'd still like more processors however, as running several VMs is still difficult with this processor.
I was going to try this out, but unfortunately it's not compatible with secure startup. FYI for everyone else.
&gt; No, I don't want random software to be able to take over my device thank you That's why they introduced permissions. I agree, not having permissions is bad, but I believe that every capability should have an associated permission, and if they haven't gotten around to doing that, then there should be a setting that works around it; of course, the user would still have to accept this.
Just without the support level, as I understand it.
Oh, David Tennant is in it? What's wrong with S2?
At least Samsung fixes their problems. Microsoft wouldn't help me with anything, support rep even lied to me about my rights, so now I have to take legal routes. Samsung now performs extensive battery testing as part of the Samsung Reliability Test Group. Microsoft just uses us to test their stuff.
VPN, among other things, protects the data that you send and receive over the internet. It encrypts the connection, so that you can choose to trust your VPN provider over Starbucks public wifi. Starbucks could spy on you when using their network and steal your data, but if you go through a VPN, they can't do that because you have an encrypted tunnel to your VPN provider. So as long as you can trust your VPN provider, you're safe. All Starbucks knows is that you connected to your VPN - they don't even know what sites you're visiting. So it protects the data you send and receive. However, you're still using a browser. When you receive data from a website, say Facebook, it's decrypted on your end. Starbucks will not be able to get at this data. But since you've decrypted Facebook's website, it can now run all of its scripts in your browser, and send data from that back to Facebook. This data could make up your browser fingerprint. It's encrypted and sent back up to Facebook, so Starbucks can't get it, but Facebook just did. You can protect against this by using a privacy focussed browser, uBlock Origin, noscript, and more strategies that I'm not expert enough to tell you about.
Well, my mum really wants a pen since seeing my Note 9. She loves the drawing. I think that would be popular, and certainly should be worked in at XS Max pricing.
That's not how it works. You sign in to Google servers and Google authenticates you with Quora. Quora never sees your password.
Yes, but in his defense, wasn't that more about needing a stylus just for normal navigation? And these days, pens aren't really styli. They can replace fingers, but the main point of today's pens is to add features, rather than to be required for the basics. The ability to write, to calculate and formulate equations, to draw, to hover the pen over text to translate it, to annotate the screen, to open an app in "glance" mode. Very useful stuff, and Samsung packs loads of it in. Apple could do something similar, because it adds great functionality. I know that Steve Jobs quote is a popular one, but I can't see him having the same opinion of pens today.
Its added work, but I assume the revenue share is your incentive to prioritize their store.
The installer is in Galaxy Apps. Presumably Samsung agreed not to bill them.
Just start putting your games on the start menu as nice tiles.
I haven't used them, but there are some things I can still mention. Xamarin.Forms provides abstractions for "native" UI. So it renders WPF, Android, iOS, Tizen e.t.c. controls. This is inherently better in performance and efficiency than using a web renderer, e.g. Electron. Regarding React Native, it seems like it becomes painful when you need to do platform-specific stuff. In Xamarin.Forms, you can easily use any native API, no hassles. Xamarin provides C# wrappers for all of the Android, iOS, e.t.c. platform APIs. You can of course also P/Invoke any DLL you like on Windows. React Native also doesn't seem to have any proper threading model, which seems absurd to me. C# has very powerful threading features, to delegate work to new threads, thread pool threads, and to just do things faster. Please correct me if I've got this wrong, but that's my understanding of React. Qt, I don't know much about. I know Radeon Software uses it. I know it's expensive. Aside from that, it does look interesting. Xamarin.Forms uses GTK for Linux targets. JavaFX is just a dead technology. They never seemed to know what they were doing. I like that Xamarin.Forms uses native controls, and grants you all of the access you need to customize and leverage platform APIs.
Sorry, what I should have asked was, what's it like to use? Do you like Blazor? Has it helped you with anything?
I seriously doubt they will replace EdgeHTML.
I think GitHub is the place for issue reporting these days.
I don't see why you have to be so passive-aggressive. It's like you can't fathom why someone would want to fully enjoy their premium smartphone. I've never broken a phone, so people like me don't need to complain about the cost of fixing one.
Wait wait, AMD is jumping to 3000 naming? Just to look better than Nvidia?
I don't know anything about this OpenTK fork, but that is an entirely different, and irrelevant type of fragmentation. Xamarin is not fragmented from a developer's perspective - it prevents fragmentation by massively improving code and markup sharing between platform projects.
0.2 or 0.4 on my Note 9, you get to choose.
This just has to be fake. I've seen this posted multiple times now and I don't believe it to be anywhere close to true. It makes no sense for them. They enjoy bragging that Edge uses less power than Chrome. EdgeHTML is an important part of not just Edge, but UWP. It absolutely is not being discontinued. &amp;#x200B; EDIT: One day later, and it looks like I was wrong: [https://blogs.windows.com/windowsexperience/2018/12/06/microsoft-edge-making-the-web-better-through-more-open-source-collaboration/](https://blogs.windows.com/windowsexperience/2018/12/06/microsoft-edge-making-the-web-better-through-more-open-source-collaboration/) It seems Microsoft intends to take over Chromium. I know Microsoft enjoys discontinuing things now, but I think this is a pretty surprising step, and one that I don't welcome. There way too many Chromium browsers now. We need less of them, not more.
Well, 4K (3840x2160) does have 38% more pixels than a 3000x2000 display. Maybe that's 38% more power draw. Some displays are also more efficient than others, even at the same pixel count, and with the same backing technology (e.g. OLED, LCD).
You would have an identity system, probably accounts. Of course, like you said, including some key on the client is a terrible idea.
Some political stuff is a bit BS, but if you're going to break US laws, you have to stay out of US and allied territories. So she couldn't go to Canada, the UK, probably many other places she would have to stay out of.
Only if you're using some lock-in tech like Steamworks.
I think that if Apple said they will stop selling iPhones in Australia, the politicians would immediately be calling for a reversal of this bullshit legislation. But will Apple do this?
How do you pay with a card normally?
He's neither no longer? So he's still doing Daredevil? Thanks for the inside tip bro.
Most of them don't, and I think it's intentional. Malwarebytes does make the distinction, which is one of the main reasons I like it. I want truth from my software. However I can't tell you how it does this.
If apple were pulling out anyway then Australia would have limited means of punishing them, no?
If a website is doing so much data mining that they can't legally operate in the EU, then good fucking riddance.
When I open that link, it's called "Messages".
Because that's not what I want to do. It's not why I asked the question. I asked to learn how to manually decrypt the bearer token, because I wanted to gain a deeper understanding of what Identity Framework is doing.
&gt; most of these brands including samsung are behind apple on tech. stuff You mentioned a few things there, but Samsung is ahead with some of their own technology. Best display on any phone, period. That's what you get with the latest Samsung flagship. 2x optical zoom is fantastic for capturing detail. Note series has the s pen and all of the software that goes with it, very useful software. The pop up windows combine very well with that, and even transparent popup windows. I saw some people on here recently saying how Apples gestures are so good. I looked them up, and they revolve around swiping across the very bottom of the phones display. Looks terrible to me, the guy demoing it had to use two hands. Samsung one handed operation is way more ergonomic, with customisable edge gestures.
Camera looks better in the corner.
Using one httpclient is fine but you should also point out that this will cut off DNS updates, which you should be handling.
The people practising it don't have to be scientists, but people researching new methods of treatment will probably be scientists. Those scientists have a good chance of not being involved in directly treating patients.
I would like to see Samsung keep the jack on their flagships, at least, and for a few more years. I would not even consider switching to a new phone that doesn't have a headphone jack, and I don't see it necessary to remove. I do quite often use wired headphones with my phone, and if Samsung started removing that port from their flagships, I would be seriously disappointed in them, but they haven't gone that far yet.
I don't think it's true that your head hair has to follow your father.
I would have to use an adapter, which wouldn't be a great result. Also wouldn't be able to charge whilst using it unless I used a wireless charger, which I don't. And whilst the battery life of my Note 9 is very good and it charges fairly quickly, I still don't agree with having to use an adapter.
You would use entity framework and send your image as a byte array into a varbinary column, for SQL server. Or you could use FileStream. It is easier to keep these things in the database, but if you're using SQL server Express and want to keep using that, then store your images outside the database. Upload to Amazon s3 or azure blob storage and save some reference to that in a column.
I have a 6GB Note 9 and aside from a few apps that like to refresh when opened, like Samsung's Wear app, it seems to keep a lot open and ready. Do you have some kind of testing reference?
Yes, but that's because all you have is 54 pictures of what the apps looked like. Very few apps are actually allowed to run properly in the background on iOS. Even if they were all suspended in memory, you wouldn't expect a performance degradation unless you ran out of memory and needed to reclaim some, and even that would be quite minor.
They've made some great optimizations from what I've seen.
Well if CPY keeps this up, there will be no point in the devs buying it. Wishful thinking though.
My subconscious is always processing problems. I very often discover solutions to things whilst not actively working on them. I've never been employed (I'm quite well qualified, so it's currently my choice), but this is something I've always thought strange with the whole being paid by the hour thing. If I'm working on something, it's always in my mind.
I don't think they should release feature updates more than once per year. They clearly can't handle it. The Windows team has no self-respect for quality of work, and it makes me trust their work less and less.
If you'd like something that syncs between devices, you could check out Clipboard Everywhere. I just added searching and filtering through the clipboard history, as well as SuperDrop file transfer. It's not free though.
They will either follow Australian law, or Australia will probably block Facebook services. So they don't have to summon anyone.
Do you know why they call it a "Note"? I expected the Xiaomi Note to have a pen, like a Galaxy Note, but it doesn't seem to be the case.
I think it's preference, but personally I hate the white backgrounds.
I don't think black smear is a problem. It doesn't bother me, so I think it's definitely worth the power savings and, for me, the reduced retina burn.
Gray backgrounds are acceptable to me, considering eye strain, but I like to take it further with AMOLED to save power. I don't think the text necessarily has to be white. I'm considering gray for people who use their displays at higher brightness levels.
Only phone I've had that burned in was the S2. Had the Note 3 for 2 years, S6 Edge+ for 3 years, no burn in.
Where did this title of "Software **Engineer**" come from? I bet less than 0.1% of people claiming this title are actually qualified engineers.
They asked people on their own forum to participate in the vote here. They released one repack several years ago that had malware in it, supposedly a mistake. I agree that they should get a second vote. They release very good repacks. Haven't seen anything infected in recent history and now that they know not to bring people from other sites into the vote, they won't do it again.
I think that calling software development an "engineering discipline" is most often misleading. Most software developers and computer science graduates are not engineers, as you said. I feel that calling yourself an Engineer when you don't hold an appropriate qualification is a sign of over-compensating, and it just looks bad to me.
Personally I think it's an honest mistake. Whatever you make of their one infected repack from several years ago, that someone happened to find some months back, several years after it was put out; I think that bringing people in from their own site is an easy mistake to make. On their website, they're always keeping people up to date. They post their own news. They posted news on the poll. It was a natural process. I'm sure that in the future, they will be aware of that, and have to not mention the poll on their site.
Then why didn't he do another one in the 3 years it was undetected for?
I had not heard of software engineering degrees. What is the curriculum for such a degree? Gatekeeping is pretty much the business of professional titles.
It's just a prank bro.
I think it's supposed to be a reddit rule, or convention, but I agree that it's an easy mistake. They really should get another vote now that they know.
Thanks. In that case, I wish they had agreed to join together on Servo.
Secure Folder app, if anyone wants to know. You can have private versions of apps that can't be seen by the rest of the system, and also store private files.
Samsung has done most of this better than both Apple and Google. I've been surprised to see so many people here saying how great Apple's gestures are, but it's like they were designed by someone who doesn't like to comfortably one-hand their phone, or someone who only uses tiny phones. Take that iOS gesure where you swipe across the bottom to switch through all of your apps. It's visually pleasing but not very practical. What's the point in doing that when you probably have no idea which app is going to be next? Are you looking for a specific app or just playing with your new toy? Better to just open the app switcher so you can actually see what you're doing. This is why the Android Alt+Tab approach makes more sense. Going back on iOS is a natural gesture, but again not so practical for one-handed use unless you are left handed. What's so much better about how Samsung is doing it, you ask? Samsung actually cares about one handed use and customizability, and so their gestures use the Edge display, rather than the bottom of the phone. This is far more ergonomic. On my Note 9, I use Samsung's "One Hand Operation +", which hopefully they will make a part of the OS with the next Samsung Experience. This app lets you set up your own gestures. I agree that swiping in from the left is a natural gesture to go back, but if you're right-handed, that becomes a two-handed job with a Note 9, and I think my hands are pretty decently sized. So on my Samsung phone, I can swipe in from either side of the screen to go back. Having to swipe across the bottom of the screen to switch apps, or swipe up from the bottom to go home, shows another blatant disrespect for one-handed usage. I swipe diagonally up to open the app switcher. I long swipe horizontally to Alt+Tab. I long swipe diagonally down to bring down the notification shade. You can position these at any comfortable point on the Edge display. My swipe zones are \~the bottom two thirds of the phone, and then above that I have the Edge panels. There's a lot you can do, and you may say, "but the animations". The animations when you do things the iOS way are quite nice, but the way you use the phone is still impractical unless your phone is tiny. Trying to swipe across the bottom of my Note 9 with one hand is hurting my thumb.
Could you expand on why it was removed? The post I did 17 days ago was also removed, so I didn't think it would count.
Thanks for your interest. It's actually been fairly complicated, getting it all to work properly, and reliably. The stuff I put on my blog hasn't gone far into the issues I've had, as I've only recently started using it for this, but will contain more information going forwards. SuperDrop is intended to be somewhat like AirDrop, in that you can use it to push files to another one of your devices. Is there some other functionality you are looking for?
That is something I have in mind, but not for the near future. My main focus at the moment is trying to include additional platforms. Being a paid service does pose challenges, as people are generally much happier to hand over their data than pay for something, but I don't believe in that as a business model.
I started testing out an iPhone recently, and this really annoyed me. I actually like to start my apps from the bottom and work upwards or along one side.
Do they think iPhone users have an IQ of 5 or what? I'm sure people can handle it. They could add a setting to change the density of the icons.
It's interesting because in macos, you can put your icons anywhere, there's not even an enforced grid. It actually annoys me there though because it's not very neat and you have to tell it to straighten things out.
Yeah, its more like a guard than a bump.
Wait, so they put backdoors into some Chinese products or services, partially as a punishment to people who didn't buy American? But how would that incentivize someone to buy American, when they are the ones who just invaded your privacy? Seems like odd rationale. Or are they saying they already have backdoors in American products, so they needed backdoors into some Chinese products that others are buying?
Yeah, but if you're American and the Chinese are spying on you, then at least the Americans won't get that data. It will be held by the Chinese, and it's not like they're going to extradite you from mainland US. Still, better not to have anyone spying on you, of course. But you'd rather China than the US, as an American.
I tried using Firefox recently and decided to stick with Samsung Internet because the scrolling is so much smoother. Also stuggled to get a performant dark mode extension. Samsung's dark mode doesn't seem to slow anything down.
Thanks :-)
Yeah but the stock OS is quite barren. Samsung has all the good stuff.
The Note is a notebook that you always have with you. You can pull out the pen at a moment's notice and write, draw, and calculate around the ideas that just came into your head. Very valuable to me, and why I love the Note series. I don't want to carry a paper notebook and a pen with me, and I like my notes being cloud synced. The pen is also great if you play any games. Much better than using my finger, as it covers too much of the screen. Easier to see around the pen.
Thanks for your suggestions. A browser extension would require a total rewrite of the codebase, so is very unlikely to happen. Chrome extensions also do not offer enough system integration for this to work correctly, as far as I'm aware. Linux will not happen any time soon, but is a genuine possibility for the future. When Microsoft and the community get the Xamarin bindings to a good point for Linux, I will consider releasing an app there. Right now I'm working on the Apple platforms.
Apple doesn't allow runtime code generation (JIT), which means apps that are JITted need to be pre-compiled. This usually results in better performance at the cost of a larger install. JITting is done by Java and .NET apps. Java apps don't run on iOS, but for .NET apps, you have to pre-compile them. This isn't a requirement for Android so often isn't done. I'm not sure if Java supports it.
This could be good to quickly try something, but Hyper V interferes with so much other software that it's not even viable to run. Practically any other emulation software will not run if Hyper-V is enabled, so I have to leave it off so that I can use the official Android emulators, along with VMWare and VirtualBox.
I can't find anything to say that JITting isn't still a part of Android. Are you not referring to the Google Play thing where they (optionally) sign your apps and then modify them before distribution?
That is interesting. I did not know this. Thank you.
Will do :-)
I run them both simultaneously without issue.
Your two factor services should have given you backup codes, like Google did, or some other means of getting in without your authenticator. I would sort that out immediately.
The main point is that it would be a total rewrite. Maybe in the future I could solve that with Blazor, but I'm not sure if that will have a place in extension development. However, to answer your question; although you can read and write the clipboard from chrome extensions, I don't believe you can hook into the clipboard change event without the chrome dev branch. I'm not sure if you could loop over the clipboard as a replacement for that. I have to run a loop for macos as Apple's OS does not even have an event for when the clipboard has changed, but in its place they have something to tell you if it has changed since you last checked, which is important for efficiency. Without something like that, looping over the clipboard and doing manual checks would probably chew a bit of CPU if you're using a slow language like javascript.
I think the problem with trying to anti-tamper your app, which is basically what this is, is that even the most hardcore solutions are not that good. Denuvo games get cracked in days when the top groups feel like it. That's a big deal built on top of a C++ codebase. Anything like that with .NET is very difficult due to the much easier disassembly. If it's not for anti piracy and you just want to keep your code a secret, then you would run it on the server, if that's possible.
Maybe not, but all the Uber drivers I asked said they can work, or not work, whenever they choose. Perhaps the real solution was to update the laws.
It's pretty embarrassing that they are so bad at dealing with this. I saw the police say they were worried about collateral damage from shooting the thing. Don't the Americans shoot down drones?
No, that's not what I meant. I was thinking more along the lines of elite sniper, like the SAS sniper who recently broke a world record for longest kill, or a fighter jet. One of them can sort out the drone.
It's not the end of the world bro (lol), it still charges at a decent speed. And it's not just about charging speed, you also have to consider the additional wear you're putting on the battery from the fast charging. Important to keep those temps low.
Apple Watch looks like a Happy Meal toy with that blue band. Most of them look like toys next to the Samsung watches. EDIT: And there are loads of great, actually nice, professional looking watch faces in Galaxy Apps. Paid and free. I wouldn't take watch face advice from a guy who uses whatever that watch face is on the Apple Watch. It actually looks like a children's toy.
What I meant by my statement was that the Samsung watches look much more professional than the competition. Apple watches in particular lack a professional look.
Just curious, what do these people study?
In my view, it has a professional looking Swiss design, and that's because it is a Swiss design.
That render makes it look very plastic-like. I maintain that the watch face doesn't look very professional.
Some SSDs are drastically slower when almost full. Samsungs are barely affected. I don't think it's supposed to affect lifetime however, and regular hard disks shouldn't be affected by either - they're slow anyway ;-)
That's terrible, just as bad as OnePlus in my opinion, but they still make great phones.
I think Voksi and Fitgirl have said no (please correct me if I'm misremembering). However Valve will know what you are doing, so in theory, they could ban you if they felt like it.
But Netflix owns these shows, afaik, so Disney would have to buy them. So anything Disney makes will be different to what we have now.
Yeah. I think I could get the judge to agree that considering such a component to be consumable, and then not even offering a repair service to replace said component, is not reasonable. Hopefully it won't come to that however.
I did the latest elusive target yesterday and almost had a problem because when I choked someone out, his gun started rattling all over the floor and then fell through the floor and into the room below.
&gt;Or even worse, a bug, like say, a guard that has his back turned towards you still noticing you even though there's no mirrors. Oh man, yeah, some people can see you through walls and doors. The one guy who could see through my disguise with the new elusive targer almost saw me through a closed door.
Still don't get the unlocks unless someone decides to release a save game that has them all.
As someone who is quite interested in linking devices together, can you share what your favourite points are of Apple's device integration? I'm not really sure what they have beyond the clipboard syncing, airdrop, and being able to start something in an Apple app and resume it on another device.
I think that's fair enough. You can't find a great Android tablet. I've always seen the problem with Android tablets as the lack of software, though that's also the same problem I see with Apple's tablets. If you want to run Office mobile and that works well for you, then cool. I hear Photoshop for iOS is quite useable. Third party software aside, what's wrong with the Galaxy tablets? If you're getting one device to take out with you, I would always have to recommend a Windows laptop or tablet, but if I could budget for a separate tablet I would have gone with a Galaxy tablet with a pen because it's probably a more stable experience. I didn't see anything that looked wrong with the Tab S4.
How much access to your phone does a carrier actually have?
SoftEther is amazing software. A bit more effort but amazing, and does a lot more if you're into the extra stuff.
It does look better though. Not that emojis are my thing.
You need to register an Activity to be launched with the data. I have an Activity that accepts files. On the class definition for the Activity, you just need to add an attribute. Here's one of mine: \[IntentFilter(new\[\] { Intent.ActionSend, Intent.ActionSendMultiple }, Categories = new\[\] { Intent.CategoryDefault }, DataMimeType = "\*/\*", Label = "Send to Device")\] This makes my app show up in the Share menu like this: [https://imgur.com/a/EK1fgvU](https://imgur.com/a/EK1fgvU) It shows up when you share any file, due to the DataMimeType. If you only wanted to accept images, you would set that to "image/\*" rather than "\*/\*". Intent.ActionSend and Intent.ActionSendMultiple allow one file to be sent, or multiple. You have to handle these slightly differently. I'm not sure what the Categories property does. If you want to receive an image, in your Activity's OnCreate, do this: `if (Intent.Action == Intent.ActionSend &amp;&amp; Intent.Extras.ContainsKey(Intent.ExtraStream))` `bitmap = MediaStore.Images.Media.GetBitmap(this.ContentResolver, (Android.Net.Uri)Intent.Extras.GetParcelable(Intent.ExtraStream));` bitmap is an Android.Graphics.Bitmap, and MediaStore is an Android.Provider.MediaStore. In Xamarin, we don't edit our Android manifest directly. It is constructed by Xamarin, often using attributes like the IntentFilter above. This becomes a part of the manifest file when building.
Can't you run the media creation tool? Not sure if it supports macOS. What about rufus and an ISO? Else, it probably would be passing a USB through to a Windows VM and running the media creation tool.
Sounds a lot like it's failing due to water damage. I think your best bet is to try extracting the data, but I'm not sure that you should plug it into anything. Make sure it's completely dry. Turn it off and let it air out. Then maybe you can recover some data. Your phone is probably toast, unfortunately. I doubt a factory reset will help in what is surely a hardware failure.
There are so many things you can teach in schools. Most people who go through school can't recall very basic maths. That's why statistics is not going to be mandatory. I didn't even do statistics until University. When I did Maths, I chose to do Maths with Mechanics. I did statistics as part of my Physics degree.
Samsung Experience is great. It's what brings all of the features to Android. Multi window, pop up windows, transparent windows, one handed operation +.. They also ship fantastic software with the Note series. Stock Android is incredibly bare.
I get a decent number of them from London, apparently. I'm English.
Arithmetic isn't a branch, and neither is algebra. They are the very basic foundations that all else stems from. Algebra is used to represent variables, not necessarily unknown, and every single mathematical expression has at least one quantity that can be represented algebraically. Having a Master's degree in Physics, I don't really need a lesson on the basics of Maths that I did back in primary school. There is no "advanced algebra". Algebra is a very basic concept, a foundation of maths. It is simply a means to represent variables in an equation. The actual advanced topics stem from this understanding.
Mate, Windows has been going downhill since they sacked their QA department. People are now legitimately afraid to update their PCs. We just have to hope the people at Microsoft will get their heads out of their asses and focus on releasing quality software again.
Yes, but you can still use your own chips. Samsung uses Qualcomm in the US purely for the US networks, but a few years ago, they were so displeased with Qualcomm that they dropped them entirely from the S6 series, and went 100% Exynos. So you can do it, but presumably Qualcomm's licensing makes it more expensive for Samsung to use their own Exynos in the US than to just use Snapdragon, which is why we don't see it often.
On top of the great points from /u/Sithslayer78, I would like to add: * Locked down iOS app ecosystem - if you can't get your app through Apple's approval process, you practically cannot release it. * Unfair rules around macOS use in virtual machines, where Apple says you're not allowed to virtualize macOS unless the host is also macOS. I don't know if this would pass as legal.
They own 40% and Tim Sweeney tried to comfort people by brushing off Tencent as a "minority investor"? I know it's technically true, but that's very misleading. I'm sure he knew people would assume a much smaller share when he worded it that way.
Security updates are at the top of my list, but Android OS updates is a completely useless statistic. What's important there is the features, not the Android version, and most good features come from Samsung Experience, so I'm not sure why people parrot on about which phone gets the new Android the fastest.
Not really. If you're releasing an iOS app, you will have to release it in Apple's iOS app store. If you're releasing an Android app, you will hope to release it in Google Play. Which one you go for depends entirely on which platform you're releasing on, not on which app store offers the best incentives. If Apple drops their cut to 1%, but I'm releasing an Android app, that means nothing to me.
Does Google actually allow this? I even asked on /r/androiddev and nobody seemed to know. Can't find any docs on it. I know Apple doesn't even allow you to mention alternate means of paying, but does Google allow you to open a webview to your own billing page on your website? Can you link docs?
If it's not full disk encrypted, which it may not be if it's old enough, you may be able to plug the disk into a Linux machine and read it.
It's important to say that Samsung's Android is not just passing on Google's version. Samsung Experience contains the useful features, and hopefully fixes some of the bad decisions made by Google, like the horrific volume controls they introduced.
Someone else will find this post useful :-)
Even Samsung phones, which are US DOD certified?
You can tell a company about this but getting them to adhere to your rights is not always so simple. You may need to escalate your case to an ombudsman or the EU alternate dispute resolution platform.
There are parts of Microsoft that are dedicated to making and supporting software on non-Windows platforms.
DirectX is a Windows feature. There's a difference between supporting macOS and Linux features, and porting Windows features to macOS and Linux. DirectX is generally used in gaming. What they would do is use the other OS "replacement" for DirectX features, rather than bring DirectX to that platform.
I think Microsoft has something similar for Windows now, yes. I'm not sure what steps they take to protect your data with that, or how well it works. My Windows version is not recent enough to use it, though personally I would not use it even if I could.
"We asked Virtual Desktop to roll back an update. We found out about the new features through user complaints" Did I miss something? Or is he suggesting people were complaining about being able to stream Steam games?
Does Epic's store make any mention of Steam? E.g. "You need to download Steam to play this game in VR" ? Or do they just leave you to figure that out?
Yes, it's cloud based. The apps monitor your device's clipboard, and work through the Clipboard Everywhere service to keep things in sync.
That's what I mean, you need Steam for the drivers. So if you don't have Steam, you can't play SteamVR games. So do you know if Epic makes people aware of this? It would just be funny if they had to show an alert like that, given how much money they pay to pull games from Steam.
It used to be &lt; 100GB, but it kept creeping up in size. Still pretty big in the beginning though. Never understood where all the size came from because the textures are shit.
The ISPs log everything here, 1 year minimum by law I believe. I recommend going with PIA. It's not £10 per year but it's quite reasonably priced. PIA is good because they actually protect your privacy, providing you with a lot more freedom online. Private internet access should be a right, but if we need to pay for it, PIA is a good company. The UK is pretty bad with censorship. I think a good VPN is a mandatory purchase really.
FYI there is potentially less privacy if you port forward. Port forwarding isn't needed for seeding.
I see dragging as a valid tactic, but there are some issues with starting attacks when looking far down or up, making them very difficult to read. You would struggle to get leverage when looking straight up. I also spectated someone earlier who was very hard to read, and it was because he would move the camera in about 3 different directions whilst winding up. That could do with some balancing. That and the non-existent footstep sounds. I doubt 100% of the population has equipped that reduced footstep sound perk - the game just doesn't seem to have footsteps. They need to be much louder.
Chivalry had (has?) some 64p custom servers, like the SneakyMonkeys server.
In the UK, you actually can own a gun. I believe it has to be a black powder gun, nothing magazine fed. You have to receive training and store it in a safe. In the US, it seems any idiot can own a gun and store it as they please. I remember seeing Obama say that he wasn't allowed to begin any research into gun safety, because of the NRA I believe. You guys have a deep problem there.
It reminds me a lot of Dust 514, not sure if you've heard of it. I liked that game. This looks nice.
It's not showing anything about precision. Interpolation from any sensors within the controllers could probably do most of what's shown here. A much better test would be to show precision work, at slow speed, so that you can see tracking stability. There could be tonnes of jitter here for all we know, but it wouldn't make much difference to this scenario.
It's a terrible example. All he's doing is up - down - up - down - up - down. That's extremely easy to track. I believe you could even do that without any tracking cameras, as it's such a basic movement. Probably could even do it on the Gear VR with its 3DOF controller, provided you could get two controllers. How much jitter is there? We can't see, and for this application, it won't matter. Jitter on the up/down movement will still hit the block. It doesn't require precision, it requires speed. Precision would be tracing a virtual line with the controller, and seeing how close you can get. Something like following a line in tilt brush, slowly.
No problem! :-)
Depends where you live. Most packages from the big ISPs in the UK are truly unlimited. I know caps are more frequent in the US. We have them on budget packages only.
I think the main problem with hyper V is that it will prevent you from using some other software, like the official Android emulators. I wouldn't use hyper V unless I wanted GPU passthrough with good performance.
Why would you harass someone who is picking up litter, thereby cleaning the street?
Are you saying that every time you unlock your phone, Clipboard Everywhere opens on your screen? If so, this should not happen. By default, the app will open after a restart of the phone, but you can disable this in the settings. I believe this is the only scenario where it should open on your screen automatically. Some phones like to do regular restarts for "optimization". Does your phone do this? On my phone (Note 9), after a restart, the app auto opens but also auto logs in. For auto login, you will see the login screen, but it will quickly log in automatically and take you to your clipboard history. If it's taking you to the login screen and staying there, that would probably indicate a network issue. Are you behind a strict firewall? Company network?
Ok, thanks for reporting this. I'm sorry that you're having this problem. I will attempt to replicate it as soon as I can manage.
TIL the most annoying "bug" with Edge is apparently a feature. I'd never heard of this. I bet it was done by the same moron who decided that every so often when I move my mouse too much, everything should minimize.
You need gold or silver edition, or buy it as extra.
You need another PC and a USB. Download this tool: [https://www.microsoft.com/en-gb/software-download/windows10](https://www.microsoft.com/en-gb/software-download/windows10) Using the tool, transform your USB into installation media for another PC. This will erase the USB. You need to know which disk you're installing Windows to. If you have multiple disks, unplug all of them except the C disk, which contains your broken Windows install, and is being wiped. You unplug the others so that you don't accidentally erase the wrong disk. Unplug them whilst the PC is off. Boot your problem PC from the USB. You will get the Windows installer. When it asks you to create partitions, and you have unplugged all disks except the C disk, select each partition and delete them all, so that you're left with just unallocated space, then continue. Windows will create partitions automatically from this empty space. This will delete everything on your C disk. If it was some malware causing this issue, you need to scan your other disks when you plug them back in.
I don't see why Valve would interfere with this. They have no need to analyse such content. There are plenty of legitimate reasons to "sideload" a game into Steam, you may be a developer or tester for the game. Valve has no way of knowing this if you're not going through Steam, which you may not for efficiency. I really don't think Valve even cares much. I've never heard of anyone being banned for adding pirated games to Steam, or even for playing pirated games online through Steam servers.
Yes, because the contrast is high. You can either make the background grey, or as I prefer, make the text grey.
It is not piracy. You already paid for it.
Not if you want decent latencies.
The weather here is great. Lots of wind, rain, it's beautiful; but the summer needs to fuck right off.
Do you happen to understand the swipe gesture for changing tabs? It seems really inconsistent to me.
That's great, but what are your latencies like? If you ping the router with a few hundred packets from 2 blocks away, what is your min/max/avg ping?
You can also do bluetooth instead of USB. Just pair it with Windows.
Thanks for the tip.
If I sit in a chair, sitting upright, and put my hands as low and close to me as possible (hips), then I can see my hands in my peripheral vision. I think everyone with normal vision should, at the least, be able to see the light coming from that area.
&gt;Utility companies aren't going to run all the infrastructure on the promise that the homes you build there are going to sell I don't know where OP is, but if you're building a new housing estate, this is actually not the case in England. At least with broadband, the "cable companies" will lay the cables and sort everything. Openreach even lays full fiber, for free, in new estates with more than 30-odd planned houses. So, many new homes are connected for FTTP, for free.
You don't have to be Chinese to jailbreak a PS4. What's the problem with that?
Also qBittorrent can be set to work only with a specific network interface. &amp;#x200B; Tools &gt; Options &gt; Advanced &gt; Network interface. &amp;#x200B; This requires knowing which network interface your VPN uses, and qBittorrent will only network on that interface. If your VPN is not active, then that interface won't be able to send or receive anything, so you're safe. &amp;#x200B; I feel this is safer than a killswitch. Killswitches rely on the CPU being responsive, whereas when binding to a specific network interface, it will immediately stop working when the VPN does.
AC Origins is not poorly optimized - it's just extremely detailed.
Wow, that looks awful. It didn't look good in the Tested video with Half Life, either.
&gt;They might be selling so close to cost of the headset that they would lose money by doing so. Valve sells lighthouses to HTC for $60, which HTC sells on to us for around double that. Valve sells them to us at the same price. Based on that, I think they make loads of money on the Index.
The formats are SBS (side by side) and OU (over under). Side by side is generally considered better, as we're supposed to be less sensitive to horizontal resolution than vertical resolution, and SBS has more vertical resolution. So most videos you find will be SBS. If you open them in a normal video player, you'll see the left eye's image on one side, and the right eye's image on the other. The VR video player sends these to the correct eye and corrects distortion. These are stereoscopic 3D formats - they have actual depth to them when viewed. You can find 360 videos on youtube and they are much lower quality than stereoscopic videos. Good quality stereoscopic videos are pretty impressive. If the video includes the name of hardware in the title, like PSVR, Go, Rift, Vive, Index; it's usually indicating the resolution. Higher resolution is much, much, much better; even if your headset is lower resolution. Use a good video player, such as Virtual Desktop (the best imo, for performance and compatibility). There's also Viveport Video, Whirligig and SteamVR media player, but they all have reduced compatibility and/or performance in my experience. I'm not familiar with skybox. Within the video player, you'll have to select the field of view (usually 180 or 360 degrees), and the video format (usually SBS). You should be able to tell when you've done it correctly.
I didn't mean to imply that they did. I said that Valve sells lighthouses to HTC for $60, which HTC sells on to us for double that. I didn't say HTC sold us Index lighthouses. They brand them as Vive Pro lighthouses, I believe.
You think a Rift S would be better than a Vive Pro?
I quoted a message about the cost of the Index. Someone speculated that Valve may lose money if they sold in Australia. I said that Valve makes at least 50% profit on lighthouses. Based on that, I then said that they're probably making a lot of money selling the Index. I don't think it's that difficult to read. Not every comment is going to be a direct response to the title of a thread. Comment chains are conversations.
The Vive Pro is very expensive, but that doesn't make it worse than a Rift S. Worse value, likely. Worse product? Very doubtful. It is higher resolution, it has all of the OLED benefits, it has much better audio, it's compatible with more controllers, vive trackers, it can be wireless (as you said), it tracks better, it has a significantly larger field of view, has two displays vs. 1 for IPD adjustment, it's not controlled by Facebook. I'm not sure how you could compare the Rift S favourably, other than on price or portability.
The Index isn't in stock, apparently until March. You're saying an Index is better than a Vive Pro, so a Vive Pro isn't worth buying... that's up to you, but it doesn't make a Vive Pro worse than a Rift S, it just means it may be second in quality next to an Index. Yes, the Vive Pro is in an unfriendly price bracket - the HMD costs £800 vs. £460 for Index. HTC are probably making a lot of profit on it. I wouldn't buy one at that price, but it's going to be a good product still. If it were priced more reasonably, around the Index price, I would consider getting one. People who have gone between Vive Pro and Index don't always prefer the Index, because it's LCD. Some people find the black levels unusable when coming from OLED, but it's personal preference. My position is that although Facebook has funded a lot of VR games, it's not to help us, it's just to pull more of us into their ecosystem. You can't even add friends for multiplayer without a Facebook account now, and it will only get worse from here. Oculus as a company doesn't even exist anymore, it was dissolved, they're now Facebook Technologies. All the original founders are gone, or soon to be. Not good imo. Even if the Vive Pro costs 3x what the Rift S costs, and costs more than the Index, that doesn't mean it can't be better than a Rift S. It's surely better, but it is overpriced. Apparently it's because they're trying to milk vr arcades and other such companies.
The controllers are not necessarily part of the vive pro, but the vive wands are better for shooting, melee, that sort of stuff. Touch is better for hand interactions. Then theres knuckles which will be better for most people. SDE is better on Rifts because they have a much smaller FOV, it's a trade off. Their horizontal FOV is 20 to 25 degrees smaller. Vertical is also smaller. Lenses and fit are subjective. Linus swears that the original Vive headstrap is better than the DAS. I disagree entirely. It's subjective. Oculus does have an edge in reprojection technologies.
Just get anything NVIDIA. AMD should not be considered since they don't seem to care about supporting newer VR features. They always lag behind with SteamVR support.
&gt;seeing as you don't have haptic feedback in VR Really? Which controllers don't have haptic feedback? I'm always doing stuff outside of my field of view. It's just spatial awareness.
I'm sorry to say that your PC is very low end, and actually isn't compatible with Windows Mixed Reality at all, as your CPU doesn't support AVX instructions. You also don't seem to have a graphics card, so games would be pretty much unplayable anyway. Imagine looking around in real life and your vision being at 2 frames per second - that's what you would get. For any PC VR, you would need a new PC, unfortunately.
It depends what you're doing. What if I want to grab a knife from my lower back slot in Boneworks? Easy peasy with the Vive - I just put my hand to my lower back, and grab it. No need to try to contort myself into looking there. I don't know if that's the case with WMR or Rift S. I often make attacks outside my field of view - attack an enemy in front, then the one you know is behind you. I do this without turning around sometimes. These don't even require haptics. So I don't think it's necessary to look at everything you're doing.
How did they ruin it?
RGB stripe is one of the reasons, but it's in addition to the low FOV. RBG stripe with the LCD has its own drawbacks too.
In the UK, we're supposed to be covered beyond the EU regulations. In England, we get 6 years from purchase to complain about defective electronics. In Scotland, I think it's 5 years from when you noticed the fault. You aren't necessarily entitled to a full refund after 6 years though, and good luck getting companies to honour it. Microsoft sold me a Surface with a battery that is faulty but they refused to honour this. A bit of a dead end unless you can sue Microsoft. I probably would have bought it from John Lewis if not for the student discount I got with Microsoft.
John Lewis advertises a two year warranty. EU mandates a two year warranty, but after 6 months you are supposed to prove that the fault wasn't with you, but with the manufacturer. John Lewis may be nicer with this.
&gt;valve is on their first headset First Valve-branded headset. They created most of the technology in the Rift CV1 and created the Vive entirely. Alan Yates, the guy who invented Lighthouse, said the Rift CV1 was almost an exact copy of a Valve prototype that was lent to Oculus prior to the Facebook buyout. Alan dropped that on Reddit a few years back: [https://www.reddit.com/r/Vive/comments/4klu94/oculus\_becoming\_bad\_for\_vr\_industry/d3g6e6j/?context=3](https://www.reddit.com/r/Vive/comments/4klu94/oculus_becoming_bad_for_vr_industry/d3g6e6j/?context=3) Valve are pretty much the pioneers of good VR. They've been at the forefront of research since before Oculus even got bought out.
Well that's pretty cool then. Thanks for sharing.
Contrast ratio? Colours? Brightness? Some people have posted strong dislike for these with the Index. Some people consider dark games unplayable with it. I don't really like AMOLED black myself with the Vive because it smears, but colours and brightness are probably important.
With the Vive, you really need to get the 6mm face foam to get the full FOV. It's smaller if you keep the stock foam. The Index is 5 degrees wider, but 2 degrees shorter (vertically), and has 9 degrees less stereo overlap. Basing on this spreadsheet with values from the actual rendered image: [https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1q7Va5Q6iU40CGgewoEqRAeypUa1c0zZ86mqR8uIyDeE/edit#gid=0](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1q7Va5Q6iU40CGgewoEqRAeypUa1c0zZ86mqR8uIyDeE/edit#gid=0) So that's considering the maximum possible FOV. Also it should be noted that the Index is designed to give more of the FOV to most users - correcting the Vive's issue of the default face foam preventing full panel utilization. So as stock, the Index would have a notably larger FOV, because the Vive comes with a 16 or 18mm face foam.
Horizontal FOV on the Index should be 114 degrees: [https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1q7Va5Q6iU40CGgewoEqRAeypUa1c0zZ86mqR8uIyDeE/edit#gid=0](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1q7Va5Q6iU40CGgewoEqRAeypUa1c0zZ86mqR8uIyDeE/edit#gid=0) Have you measured larger? AFAIK these are the correct values.
I don't think Valve has ever given a number to it. They only say it is similar to the Vive but more of it is accessible to most users.
&gt;I think GTAV sales have flatlined finally Doubt it. It's at #4 on Steam right now for concurrent players. It has always ranked high.
Isn't that about half the price of the Index headset? DAS was a big improvement for me, but I'd get an Index instead of paying that.
It actually doesn't. A group recently fully removed it from the game, for the first time. I've tested it, others have tested it, and it has a small performance hit. It's mostly affecting load times.
&gt;think about how they will squeeze the CPU at 100% or near that usage while targeting 30fps Maybe if they do release well-specced consoles this time, rather than the toasters they released this gen, they may target higher frame rates. The only reason the console games often can't get above 30FPS is because the CPU is so weak. If they have a good CPU, I think they will struggle to utilize it so far that they're stuck at 30FPS. If not, Gaben save us.
I think this only happened once with the PS3. Consoles aren't usually sold at such significant losses.
I didn't know the 2.0 stations had a larger FOV than 1.0. Is the FOV listed anywhere? I saw a diagram saying 150 degrees horizontally and 110 degrees vertically (so 10 less than 1.0 in vertical), but not sure if this is accurate.
Isn't it difficult to press the face buttons and use the stick whilst keeping an open hand, to prevent gripping things?
So it doesn't feel really weird to not grab the controller whilst using the stick etc?
Yeah, and for a device that has a manufacturing defect. Microsoft gives zero shits about their customers. I've had a similar problem with them and I won't be buying from them again.
Samsung had balls. They went from copying the iPhone to setting their own trends. Now they caved.
Just so you know, Gb != GB, and it's actually GB here. 1GB = 8Gb
It's not compatible with the DAS unless you get a compatibility kit from HTC. I think that's all.
Yeah, it's a bit fatiguing with the grips.
Yeah, well that's why it was removed from ReVive - because SteamVR Input was going to handle everything, but SteamVR Input doesn't support it yet. Gaben pls
But muh square with rounded corners. Only Steve Jobs could create such a thing.
Its Apple's fault and nobody else's. There's absolutely no problem with running a 32 bit app - they actually use less memory overall than equivalent 64 bit apps. 32 bit software isn't some archaic thing that barely works - there's nothing wrong with it. If 32 bit works, there's zero need for Apple to come along and break it. It's their fault, and theirs alone.
Your ISP will have a log of you connecting to the VPN company, but probably not to their outbound address that was used to troll. They probably have more complex network setups than that. Also, he could be tracked through cookies, or analytics/spyware on the website.
Cool, thanks. I believe the 1.0 is 120 x 120 degrees.
Have you read this? https://www.vive.com/uk/support/category_howto/attaching-vive-deluxe-audio-strap-to-headset.html The DAS attaches differently to the default strap. It just clicks onto a nub.
The thing about looking down, it happens. I think it got better when I got the DAS. If you have bad eyesight, you need either glasses, contacts or prescription lenses. Not using these will make it more blurry. I don't really like the original strap and found the DAS much better for comfort.
There must be many more than this.
"Each base station has a 120-degree field of view" https://www.vive.com/eu/support/vive/category_howto/tips-for-setting-up-the-base-stations.html Doesn't seem to specify which axis that's on, but I don't see why it wouldn't be the same both ways. I think the mentions of increased vertical FOV may be incorrect.
If only I had an RTX GPU, I'd test some. Maybe others will chip in.
It's probably your CPU with Boneworks.
They have done some good stuff, but they're starved for budget. Radeon has really suffered since their peak in 2012
Arctic Silver 5 is garbage, it sets like glue. NT-H1 is a better option - great performance, and very easy to remove.
I think I remember reading that the Vive Pro base station is deeper than the Index one, so the internals sit further back. That would explain the reduction in FOV. Can't find a source though.
As I understand it, they're not the same, and the Index base station is a newer revision of the Vive Pro base station. So they're the same as far as FCC approval, but the Index one is a newer revision. I found this post here, which has images: [https://www.reddit.com/r/ValveIndex/comments/bn45x1/an\_analysis\_of\_the\_different\_revisions\_of\_steamvr/](https://www.reddit.com/r/ValveIndex/comments/bn45x1/an_analysis_of_the_different_revisions_of_steamvr/) ALL SteamVR 2.0 lighthouses are Valve-made, as far as I know; even the ones from HTC. Valve said they sell them to HTC at $60 each.
You just line it up with the nub and push. It does take some force. It's a button like this, basically: [https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/6/6d/Druckknopf.jpg/1200px-Druckknopf.jpg](https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/6/6d/Druckknopf.jpg/1200px-Druckknopf.jpg) Make sure the nub isn't loose - it's held by the screw on the inside of the headset, right behind the nub. If you need to tighten the screw, cover the lenses with a microfiber cloth for protection. If you see the nub, just line it up and push the button together. It's quite a solid fit. I don't want to take mine back off because it seems to require a lot of force.
Option 3: "Delete the Off button"
xmedia recode can cut out sections of video without re-encoding. Not sure about combining them.
Didn't they already say they won't target civilians?
&gt;Even taking in to consideration the thin margins they are probably operating on They sell base stations to us for $150. They sell them to HTC for $60, so that HTC can re-sell them. So I think we can safely say they cost less than $60 to make. Seems like the margins, at least on the base stations, are pretty big.
I'd assume it's the cable.
Yeah and it's really annoying. It just prevents any kind of room-scale. The Oculus people must have still been in the "room scale doesn't exist" mindset when they made it.
&gt;Personally I'm annoyed by the noise my 2.0 basestations make Some people say v1 is louder, some say v2. V2 motor rotates much faster so it probably depends on your sensitivity to that higher pitched sound.
[https://steamcommunity.com/games/steamvrtracking/announcements/detail/1462966590052827478](https://steamcommunity.com/games/steamvrtracking/announcements/detail/1462966590052827478) It's the price to all OEMs. And this is from the end of 2017. I think we could reasonably assume they cost less to make now than they did back then.
Shoes still on. Confirmed alive.
"even though the U.S. government did not admit legal liability or formally apologize to Iran" They blew up 300 civilians and didn't even apologize? Yeah, they paid $200k per passenger to families, but the cheek to not admit wrongdoing. What the fuck?
&gt;The CV1 is also abysmal if you want to go from standing to seated experiences, you basically have to reset the sensors every time Can't you simply sit down in your play space and play a seated game?
Do you not have them set to see the ground?
They were trying to track a military plane. The US says the civilian flight wasn't transmitting civilian signals; Iran says it was. I don't think we have any reason to trust the US more than Iran. Even if the flight wasn't transmitting civilian signals, does that really absolve the US of any wrongdoing for killing 300 innocent people? Should you really get the death penalty if you don't broadcast that you're a civilian? That's a massive overreach from the US, in my opinion, to just take 300 people's lives into their own hands like that.
The Cosmos would be really good if it had Rift S tracking. Didn't know about the fan, that's pretty cool.
Yeah, but then it's going to cost even more than an Index kit, unless they create a new bundle.
I think you're referring to Vive trackers. Most games don't support them, but blade and sorcery does, so in that game you can physically kick enemies. Being able to kick seems like a really natural thing to do, which can't really be done properly without foot trackers.
I think it's literally just the VR funhouse. Anything else?
Also down to £599 UK, which it was at in the sale recently I believe. IMO, it needs more of a price cut than that. I don't think it should cost more than an Index.
I seriously doubt the Index is sold at cost. The base stations have a large markup. They're sold to OEMs at $60 each, and then to us at $150 each (by Valve). I assume they profit when selling to OEMs, so we're looking at around 200% profit (or more) on each base station sold to us by Valve. I don't have any info on the headset or controllers, but we already know the thumbstick is a very cheap component. I'd assume both the headset and controllers also have a large profit margin. Concerning HTC, they sell these same base stations to us at $199. So HTC profits $139 on each 2.0 base station (230% profit). Vive wands cost $130 (gen 1) or $199 (gen 2). Gen 2 has no reason to be more expensive; more price gouging. Gen 1 is already way, way overpriced. So I think they both price gouge, only HTC is worse for it. I don't really care where HTC's money comes from - I care about a well-priced product. However, they do advertise Viveport to everyone. I also don't think Valve is subsidizing anything, at all.
If the base stations are moving, they may be getting damaged.
I think sun on the lens would appear as an actual burn mark. What you're talking about is differing brightness between the displays. It's possible that this is a manufacturing fault, or maybe just degradation of the displays. Do you have AMD graphics? They just resolved a double vision issue with the left eye - could be software like drivers, or the game itself, causing this problem for you.
The Vive needs the HDMI port. Get an adapter for your monitor.
Isn't Kaspersky supposed to have the lowest false positive rate?
It's been restocked at Vive UK, so maybe it's not discontinued.
&gt;I don't think the base stations are actually sold at $60 to OEMs. I think that was some number that Valve was saying they wanted to get them down to I don't think it was a prediction - they said "will cost $60 + shipping": [https://steamcommunity.com/games/steamvrtracking/announcements/detail/1462966590052827478](https://steamcommunity.com/games/steamvrtracking/announcements/detail/1462966590052827478) This was over 2 years ago so they probably cost even less to manufacture now. &gt;There's a reason why no one besides HTC has released a lighthouse tracking headset, because the base stations are too damn expensive. Pimax. But yes, the lighthouses are prohibitively expensive for producing a Rift S or WMR competitor, at least with the current prices they're sold to us at. Is such significant mark-up normal? I don't know. Seems to me that an OEM could just not price-gouge, but there must be something more to it.
Completely false, this isn't America. In England we have up to 6 years of warranty by law, depending on the expected lifespan of the product.
It might be a WMR thing. I have a Vive.
I had it closer to release, and if I covered each lens, I could see that 2x and 1x zoom used different lenses. Apparently it now switches based on lighting, according to the other commenter, but the telephoto lens worked fine for me in the same lighting conditions I have now, prior to one of the updates.
That's not how it legally works. If you do business in a country, you follow their laws. It doesn't matter where you're based. HTC's advertisement of a 1 year warranty has no effect on a consumer's statutory rights, which entitle a 2 year warranty in the EU, and longer specifically in the UK. They can ignore laws, but they can also be sued.
Never said it did - just sharing that the laws in OP's country are nothing like in the US, which you linked him to. He has options, which may or may not work outside of the small claims court, but legally he has rights.
Bundles on steam usually offer discounts, even if you own most of the bundle already.
Actual Time Crisis. With the guns and an arcade machine, in vr. Memories anyone?
Facebook is watching you and they will continue to lock more and more features behind a Facebook login.
Your fov values are way off. Rifts and Quest are around 85 degrees, Vive is 108 and Index is 115. Pimax varies. These are horizontal measurements.
Its 88 degrees, so yeah, it's quite narrow. https://www.reddit.com/r/ValveIndex/comments/c47pi3/index_rendered_fov_measurements/ The OP has a spreadsheet based on what is actually rendered with openvr for each HMD. The Vive and Rift were never close in FOV, which is why the Rift is more crisp for reading text - that narrow FOV. There are also significant differences in stereo overlap. Quest isn't on that sheet but I believe it's similar to the other Facebook gear. I have a Vive myself and found these FOV measurements to be about right, but with the Vive you do need a thin face foam.
Don't think Rockstar does E3.
Did you do apocalyptic mode? I enjoyed that.
&gt;if you die or quit before finishing a mission, you have to start over There are respawn points. I only died on the first proper level when I explored something that turned out to be a death trap, but I respawned half way through. Nothing gets re-set, everyone is still dead, everything is where you left it. The respawn points don't work if you close the game, but they work if you die.
Be careful with this, as anything you launch through Steam will also run as admin.
I ordered Vive lenses from them on 31st Dec and am also still waiting. I asked for an estimate but they just quoted the estimated manufacturing and delivery times, and said demand is higher at the moment. I was honestly expecting an estimated date to be sent to me after I purchased. Is it going to be twice as long? 3 times? I guess we'll have to wait and see.
I'm not sure what the index is focused at, but its focused at a fixed distance. If you can see at that distance, everything will be clear.
&gt;But officers have a right and responsibility to keep themselves safe too "I'm breaking into your house with an armed squad! Don't panic or I'll kill you!"
Completely different but I think Boneworks is better. Robo Recall is more of an arcade game, Boneworks feels more natural.
I don't normally complain about visuals, but I played some of it on my base ps4 and it was so blurry, it really ruined my enjoyment. Would probably be a lot better on PC.
Maybe. The blur added by TAA is unreal. Vaseline filter.
&gt;you don't have to spent 15 minutes tweaking your graphics to your liking Nobody does. People choose to spend a few minutes doing this for a better experience. If you really have no clue what to do, most popular games are supported in GeForce Experience where you can select "optimized" settings, or have it auto-do it for you for every game it detects. &gt;you don't potentially have to go into .ini files or config files to change values that are hindering performance, like locked fps for some games .ini tweaks are almost unheard of unless there's some obscure frame rate cap (usually because people with good rigs don't like being capped at 60FPS) or you're modding. &gt;You don't have to deal with modders or cheaters who can easily see your IP in P2P games or ruin your gaming sessions by hacking IP monitoring in P2P works exactly the same on consoles. You can do it in COD. It's P2P that's the problem, not the platform. Hacking is an issue in some games - most have competent anti cheat. GTA V is a notable exception.
For the price they're charging, they should just use some good quality sticks like on the DualShock 4.
What I mean is, I want the button accessory to be supported by Steam's controller config. Steam has extensive config options for macros, keybinds, so many things. If the paddles only work on PC as they do on the PS4, it would be a bit pointless in my opinion. I'd only be interested if I could remap them properly, like with the Steam Controller.
So make a good password. Adding SMS two-step just adds a security hole. If you want to help hackers hijack your account, go ahead and enable it.
Been back in stock in the UK for a week or 2. Good to see that stock is expanding. I was a bit annoyed when I thought HTC had discontinued it. Discontinue the Vive, fine, but what about the hundreds of thousands of people who already have one and want to keep using it? HTC seems to be supporting us better than Oculus did with the CV1, at least.
Is that it? They said nothing about Portal in that video. The whole video is clearly just concepts anyway.
Can you link HTC's leaking of HLVR?
You want something like Virtual Desktop.
It's all a lie. Everything you back up to icloud is essentially unencrypted, so that the us gov can access it. This is intentional. Their whole marketing strategy about privacy is complete bollocks.
AMD is a terrible option for VR. They're always lagging behind with features.
They encrypt a lot of stuff on there with their own keys, which is how the US gov gets all this data. It's like giving Apple the keys to your house, which they share with the US gov; rather than keeping the only keys yourself.
What AMD did with 7nm is a joke - everything is worse than Nvidia's current 12nm. Really disappointing. Nvidia is going to hit big with their node shrink. Only problem being that as AMD becomes less and less relevant in the GPU space, Nvidia GPUs get more and more expensive.
I haven't read their privacy policy - not that I would trust it, with them being involved with PRISM. I'm getting it from news of what they do. If photos e.t.c. were end to end encrypted, Apple wouldn't be able to comply with these data requests, so I think the shitty security is implied.
I looked at Guru3D and it seems the 2060S wins in DX11 and loses in DX12. I'm not talking about it from a value perspective, just a technological perspective. It's clear that even with the node shrink, AMD has failed to surpass Nvidia. My only point is that Radeon is going to be in big trouble when Nvidia does their node shrink, because they're going to do it properly.
I think PRISM may be a dead thing now, maybe superseded by something else. The only stuff we know is what Snowden leaked. Apple are a lot more significant now than they were back in 2010. I don't blame Apple for being part of it, because I don't believe they are given a choice, but I still think it's worth mentioning. I don't think Apple has any good reason for not end-to-end encrypting everything on iCloud, other than government interference.
1440p144 is demanding. Stick to the 1080p144 option unless you want to get a 2080.
&gt;bug improvements Yeah, always at least one stronger bug from the update.
Facebook wouldn't want you reverting their latest spyware.
Alright, thanks for the info. Seems the 5700xt is a bit cheaper also, at least where I live. My point wasn't really about that though - it was just that AMD failed to provide a generational leap, even with a node shrink.
I'm not aware of that, but I'm not an iDevice user.
That's very misleading. Click through and you'll see they're just asking for a graphics programmer with experience in modern technologies. *Thorough understanding of current GPU architectures (AMD GCN, NVIDIA CUDA)* *Experience with DirectX12, Vulkan or other modern graphics or compute APIs* *Console or PC programming experience* That's what you call a generic job listing. They will take someone close to what they want and deal with it.
It's better when it runs well. Very nice being able to just suspend and resume at will. Suspend one game, play another, restart your PC, resume everything later.
Did they actually call this place "new found land" ?
Mmmm... Mr. Stark?
That's because they had a node shrink, which they're supposed to have again now. There will probably be big architectural changes - can't see a 3080 losing to a 2080Ti. They have to at least match.
Yeah, well this hasn't happened since 2012 so don't hold your breath. Radeon having a high-end part would be a miracle at this point. I'm all for miracles, but keep breathing.
Sounds like a bad motherboard to me. I've never experienced this.
9700k and 9900k are topping almost every game benchmark. It shouldn't be controversial to say that.
A classic from DMA Design, now known as Rockstar North. They had a cool Lemmings easter egg in San Andreas.
The Vive definitely doesn't require base stations simply to turn on, but most use does require a base station for the display to show anything. It should still be recognized in SteamVR.
Of the biggest three VR hardware platforms, SteamVR is the only one that doesn't require cameras.
Survios (Raw Data) are also making one, which is co-op and set in the TV universe. This one is set in the comic universe and is supposed to be more narrative.
Only Sith deal in absolutes, but Apple is still a Sith.
The headset is less than that, but I get your point. Personally I wouldn't use anything with camera-based tracking for privacy reasons, as you can't cover the cameras. However, WMR is certainly a safer option than Facebook, and they have some nice looking stuff for Americans.
Watch the pirate version fix this and work past the server shutdown.
It got leaked yesterday. Apparently it has some weird crouch mechanic where you can't crouch IRL, and have to crouch with a button.
I was inside looting, alarm went off, heard some zombies. "Meh, it'll be fine, there's loads of loot I have to sort through here" \*Looks outside after finishing up\* FUCK
According to one of the other devs, crouching is "not trivial to implement". As far as I'm aware, you would literally have to go out of your way to disable crouching, so I don't understand this at all. Even if they made design decisions which prevented vertical tracking, those design decisions should have been thrown out of the window, because this is one of the dumbest restrictions you can have in a VR game. [https://steamcommunity.com/app/916840/discussions/0/1742265315845372805/?ctp=2](https://steamcommunity.com/app/916840/discussions/0/1742265315845372805/?ctp=2) Next page says they're working on it, however.
It's because the game actually runs in seated mode. That's all it supports.
Yeah, Boneworks is really out-doing this game in the movement area. The holsters are much better there too - they're a bit dodgy in TWD. Boneworks is still my #1 VR game, but this TWD game is really good aside from these really strange issues. TWD is mostly fine, but sometimes you just want to sit down. Like when talking on the radio in the bus, I wanted to just sit on the floor - oops, can't do that. Sit down, head still 2m off the ground. Even if you crouch, your head is still too high. Want to lay down? Nooooope. You don't even need to try crouching to run into this issue with vertical tracking being disabled. Just look straight down at your feet, and your head will move unnaturally. And what is with the forced camera rotation when you start climbing things? It's really good and it's mostly not an issue with normal gameplay, but it's immersion-breaking and a pretty big oversight for what is otherwise a very well-polished game. And they did this intentionally! It's not like they forgot to implement something, they actually messed this up deliberately.
Cookies, probably.
It's not even about crouching - you can't move your head vertically. It's pretty bizarre but still a great game.
Yeah, but Advanced Settings seemed to think I was still in seated mode.
There's a few inches of vertical movement. It's bad if you want to duck down quickly behind something, for example. It's not that bad if you have some VR experience but it's definitely uncomfortable to have your natural reflexes smacked like this. You also can't really lean, or try to get better angles on things. It's annoying when you bend down to open a drawer and it doesn't work.
I noticed on my Vive that Saints &amp; Sinners causes a lot of glare. Apparently glare is worse on the Index than the Vive. I did adapt after I got in-game properly, past the tutorial. It's better if you get the lenses closer to your eyes.
The Index doesn't have a fan, but the Cosmos does. Not sure that's different between the Cosmos fan and the Chilldex.
Is the coil whine different between V1 and V2? Never noticed it with V1. Maybe this is a power grid issue?
So how do you get the spawn gun in campaign?
Definitely get it, yeah. It's great fun. Just a few bizarre decisions! I think the stamina makes it a lot more difficult. You could sort of rambo everything if there were no stamina meter. I don't think it's that bad, but the walk speed could be a bit faster.
Yeah it's fine, but my PC is freezing most times that I exit SteamVR, so at the end of a session. This started a week or 2 back. 😕 EDIT: I updated my Nvidia graphice driver and it fixed this problem. It seems one of the SteamVR updates caused this, but an Nvidia driver fixed it.
Source? This would be new.
Marketing in a nutshell.
When you know what country it is just from the title..
Camera systems are quite unsettling from a privacy perspective. Scanning your environment, scanning you, and scanning more as time goes on. Lighthouse can be much cheaper than the current pricing - Valve sells them to OEMs in packs of 45 for $60 each, + shipping. They're just being sold onto us at a large markup.
We got our first look at this recently. Denuvo has been removed from several games by their developers, but when they do that, you never know what else they changed, so testing before and after could be unreliable. Recently, a cracking group removed Denuvo from AC Origins. This was the first time Denuvo had been removed from a game rather than cracked, by one of these groups. In this case, we could be confident that no other changes were made. I tried the crack myself to compare, as I own the uPlay version. Without Denuvo, my perf went up 1 to 2% and load times dropped significantly. I do have a good PC (1080Ti, 8700k, 850 EVO), but people with 4 core CPUs and lower end GPUs didn't find big perf differences either. I still don't agree with Denuvo taking perf away, even if it's "only" 2%. Main issues however are load times and the reliance on verification servers, which when down, disable the game.
&gt;Oculus are the ones that partner up with Samsung for Gear VR and are pretty much the **gold standard for VR now**. Lol. Nope. Index? Vive Pro? Pimax? They're all higher-end than anything Oculus is making. Oculus has abandoned the premium market, they are only a good option in the budget space.
I assume it comes later. There's also a door nearby with no key that I could find, but there are more areas to explore past the catacombs.
They can be normal, but you should always see a professional to check.
I appreciate the response, but I don't think that analogy explains it very well, as the life jacket serves pretty much no purpose when riding in a car. The headphones are being used whilst wearing them, unless I misunderstand their purpose. The point of headphones is usually to get good sound, to block sound, or both; at least for me. Perhaps the purpose of these air pods is different.
So they play back the sound around you?
Right, ok, but it's still a plug in your ear. Couldn't you hear better if you just kept low volume with over-ear headphones?
Yes, if you remove it from the car park.
Is this not just for cloud protection?
Yes, though I'm not sure why anyone would do that.
It's great fun and one of my top 5 games for sure, but it would be nice if the game allowed more interaction. E.g. pushing zombies and blocking their attacks rather than being pulled into a scripted animation where you have to break free. Also, the floaty arms make it very difficult to aim. Boneworks did interaction much better, but this one is more of a complete game, lacking the solid interaction of Boneworks.
It usually does indicate reliability, because you will never see a high-quality PSU rated less than Gold. The Gold rating itself is about efficiency, but poor quality parts are never rated for high efficiency.
It usually does indicate reliability, because you will never see a high-quality PSU rated less than Gold. The Gold rating itself is about efficiency, but poor quality parts are never rated for high efficiency.
Lots of people jumped on the Vive at the same price point, but the Rift started outselling it after the price cuts. With the Rift S being less than half the price of an Index kit, this seems a bit unrealistic. Do SuperData make up these numbers or what?
It can be a pretty disgusting system, but in his case he was also being assessed by some contractors that the government sold the PIP assessments out to. I believe it was the Tories who sold out that system.
I think Boneworks didn't work for 1 day, I don't think it's that common of an issue.
&gt;Quest users leave their headsets plugged into their PC 24/7 Do many PCVR users? After seeing the photos of HMDs filled with spiders e.t.c. I've always kept mine in the box.
What a snake he is being at 17:00, reporting some BS and denying that the guy lived there. At least his boss or whatever told him to give the ID back, but then at 18:45 he turns off the audio on the camera. The fuck is that? Why can he even do that? And why does he keep covering the camera?
The Quest also has a really dumb cable attach point.
I don't find it that interesting, but the game doesn't seem to let me select mission 2 after completing mission 1. Maybe it gets better - but I feel that the lack of free movement hasn't aged very well. The visuals are very good however - it has that going for it.
It took me back to mission 1.
&gt;The Android side of flagships commonly has more RAM and bigger batteries than similarily priced iPhones to compensate The reason iPhones can get away with less RAM and battery juice is basically because they can't run anything in the background. If you want to upload 1000 images to Google Drive, well guess what? You've got to sit there with the app open, not doing anything else. Android becomes more like iOS with each passing release, but we can properly multi-task, at least for now.
It's fine for melee but sucks for guns. Makes it really difficult to aim. There's no need to add such slowdown with pistols especially. In other games I can aim pretty well, so TWD is a bit annoying with that. Even your head has slowdown on it, where blackness is visible at the edges of your vision when turning your head. That's a weird one. They've near enough fixed crouching now, would be great if they could fix the above also.
480 was basically the second refresh in a series of three refreshes based on the 290.
I've tried both, it's still not nearly as smooth as Boneworks. It's too delayed. I also find it difficult to use iron sights with both eyes open, it seems more difficult to focus correctly in this game, but I can do it just fine in Boneworks and other games. I don't know the reason for that.
Ask HTC when their cable is getting restocked. Almost everything else is in stock, I'm sure they will restock the cable.
Remember how far the pound dropped immediately on the result of a non binding referendum?
The angle still doesn't seem to match the Wand angle.
Most unprofessional police force I've ever seen. I think I would expect to see less jumped up cops in "dangerous" countries like Brazil and Mexico.
Thanks, and yeah I know the pencil is better. I'm going for a Wacom EMR laptop myself next time as I think the pen experience is just better than N-trig. I didn't think there would be much in the tracking accuracy however.
The Index gear all seems great, what they need to do is focus more on quality control. We shouldn't be shitting ourselves after buying from them.
In the same way the CV1 has LEDs on the back of the band. They probably just omitted the camera in the same place to keep the price down.
Do they not outline this in the RMA?
Sadly I have no idea, but you should try asking MSI or Steam support, and then post back.
The spawns in Pavlov can be atrocious depending on the map. I recall just exploring and enemies would spawn in front of me, and behind me. Other maps, the spawns seemed quite sane.
Obviously revolutions are terrible for the damage they cause, and I'm not saying it would be a good idea; but realistically, I don't think there's a population on the planet with better chance of success than the USA, just based on how well-armed that population is. The entire military could not protect anyone in power from 300 million well-armed citizens.
Just don't make contact with the eyeball, and no problem. Probably try to avoid contact with eyelashes also.
&gt;and banning Huawei from 5G Wouldn't that be solely to please the Americans? German and British intelligence cleared Huawei of spying.
That's fine if the drivers are working, but the feature set of Navi is not comparable to Turing at all. I'm not trying to criticize your purchase, but the card has no support for VRSS, DLSS, ray tracing, or anything else Nvidia has pretty much pioneered. Raw shading performance is one thing, and a rich feature set with greater stability is another. Glad you're enjoying your card, but I don't see it as AMD cutting a good deal. I see reduced price for reduced features. It's great to have alternatives, but a lot of people seem to be overlooking why these cards are cheaper, and it's not generosity.
Man, I just got done in by a laptop. I'm overclocked too! Can that laptop sustain the performance or will it throttle?
I doubt Microsoft will have the software to compete with the Note series with that phone. Samsung's software game is very strong on Android, and it really enhances the pen. Further to that, Microsoft will probably be using inferior pen technology to Wacom's professional-grade EMR.
This looks be be a big part of the issue with American police. They feel threatened by everything, and they put their rights above those of the people they are supposed to protect. They have no willingness to act as role models for their communities. It's not "Protect and Serve". As they put it in Grand Theft Auto, their motto is "Obey and Survive".
I think "wrong" would not be accurate really, unless you're a professional artist. There are four types of pen technology these days - Wacom EMR, Wacom AES, N-Trig, and Apple. Wacom EMR is the better of them all, and is used in Wacom's professional drawing tablets, as well as every pen-enabled Samsung device. Outside of Wacom and Samsung devices, it is challenging to find EMR technology. EMR devices use two separate digitizers, one for pen and one for touch, which eliminates the latency other devices experience when determining whether the input is pen or touch, which helps to improve responsiveness. N-Trig is owned by Microsoft, and it's what they use on Surface devices, and what a bunch of Windows OEMs use. It has a much higher initial activation force than EMR, worse pressure response, and cannot draw straight diagonal lines unless you do them fast. They otherwise end up snake-like. AES competes with N-Trig and seems to perform similarly. I don't think Wacom uses AES on any of their devices, which is quite telling of what they think of the quality vs. EMR. It seems to exist only as an alternative for potential N-Trig devices. Apple's tech is quite good and seems closest to EMR. I don't know much about it and haven't owned a compatible device, but it seems good and it can do diagonal lines. If you use these devices, I think it is easy to notice that writing with EMR feels better than writing with N-Trig. The ink comes out smoother and that makes it feel a lot nicer, so it's not just about artistry. If you put the pen experience on a Surface and a Galaxy Note side by side, you will notice it. I've used Surface devices for years and they have a perfectly usable pen experience, but EMR is just better and I look forward to my next laptop using an EMR digitiser again. EDIT: Apparently the Apple tech can't do straight diagonals either, not without software smoothing or fast stroke speed.
Lol, there is absolutely no chance of either console outperforming a 2080Ti. Not even close.
Controversy aside, I think BFV is pretty good with its gunplay.
I'm even skeptical of any RDNA 2 GPU outperforming a 2080Ti, but I guess we will see. Personally I am expecting 2080Ti == 3070, but yeah, we will see.
Wait for the Nvidia 3000 series rather than Big Navi. Nvidia cares far more for their VR users than AMD does.
Alright, but that's an alleged AMD engineering sample - we will see what AMD can actually release. At this point, the Radeon team has a very long history of disappointing us. I would say their latest success was the R9 290/x back in 2012, so you'll have to forgive me for being skeptical of their latest efforts. After that it was just "wait for Fury", "Wait for Vega", "Wait for Navi", and some people, like me, just got sick of it and decided to just get a decent GPU. Whatever they produce, I believe the performance difference between the 3000 series and RDNA 2 will be the biggest performance difference that we have seen between the two sides in the last 8 years.
Man, I really enjoyed MAG. Back when I was a console player, it was really good. Would have been great fun on PC.
You can try [android.com/find](https://android.com/find) [findmymobile.samsung.com](https://findmymobile.samsung.com) I recommend always carefully checking links like these, to ensure they are actually to [android.com](https://android.com) and [samsung.com](https://samsung.com). Type them yourself rather than clicking them.
The main selling points of Samsung laptops are imo the Wacom EMR digitisers. Some of the new ones are also Project Athena certified which is pretty nice. In terms of functionality when running something like pycharm or matlab, there would likely be no difference aside from battery life.
Not for a simple game like that. Should be no issues, as long as it's over a USB 3.x port, which I assume it would be.
I think cheating is relatively limited. There are some games, like BFV and GTA V where it is a problem. Most are using some sort of anti cheat. However, if you ever take the opportunity to hop into a competitive mode in a console game, it feels strikingly similar to being aimbotted - and that's because everyone basically has an aimbot.
I actually still think BF3 has superior gunplay and maps. BF4 felt like a step down for me.
Ah yes - when I get a call from "Mark" in London, and he is clearly in an Indian call centre.
Dead Island was originally made by Techland, and published by Deep Silver. Techland split from Deep Silver after Riptide and then made Dying Light, and they're currently working on Dying Light 2. Deep Silver is working on Dead Island 2 without them and they clearly haven't been able to find anyone who can do it as well as Techland did.
Very few games have specific support for the Index controllers, but they are still almost universally more enjoyable than Vive wands. Vive wands are probably better for competitive shooting and table tennis.
I don't believe this, because I got frame drops with an 8700k, trying to hit 90. The game was mostly fine for me at 90 aside from Tower, which reprojected a lot. Your friend probably is not sensitive to reprojection.
Not many games have good support for finger tracking. It's pretty much Boneworks right at the top and then Pavlov. Half Life makes disappointing use of them because they wanted to be beginner-friendly, so you can't even put your weapon down or lift fingers off of it. Boneworks shows all sorts of movement of the fingers on your guns and is great. There are games like A Fisherman's Tale and Arizona Sunshine that have very basic finger tracking and the angles don't match what you are actually doing, that seems to be the most common type. I know that Job Simulator and Blade and Sorcery work to a point, but the list is relatively short, particularly if you want the more immersive tracking like what Boneworks has - I don't think there are any games doing it that well. What would you say I am missing here?
Give him another term and you may find out.
It's weird because the US model has the i7 with G7 graphics in both sizes, whereas in Korea you can't get the i7 in the 13 inch model. I'm really curious about why they did that. Makes me hopeful that the non-US version may come with a Samsung SSD and Samsung display. EDIT: Just read that this is the Ion and not the Flex.
Please no. They should not be owned by any mega corp, especially not an American one.
Wow, so according to this, a wired Xbox One controller has only 0.5ms less lag than a bluetooth DualShock 4; and a bluetooth Xbox One controller has 2.5x the lag of a bluetooth DualShock 4. I like the DualShock 4, it seems to work pretty well. Would like to see a Steam Controller tested the same way.
I go back to the PS4 once every 12 or 18 months or so, and the low FPS makes me feel nauseous, so yeah I'd say so. I can work up a resistance to feel less nauseous, however, if I push through it a bit.
Do you think the latency would be worse on the consoles? I do use a DualShock 4 over BT on PC, but I typically use it for single player games and I put my feet up.
No but they are at fault if they make PC users pay for it.
Valve even dropped support for SteamVR on MacOS a few months ago. I think they are pretty sick of it at this point.
Thought he would be an iPhone user.
The only awareness you will get from blocking cars on the street is anger towards your cause. It just seems like a self-defeating method to me.
Who else makes good pen-enabled phones?
On the other hand, to download anything from Microsoft's shit I have to disconnect my VPN. OneDrive, Windows Store, whatever. It's annoying.
&gt;load times significantly better I keep GTA V on a mechanical disk because it makes basically no difference. Any SSD space this game uses is an absolute waste thanks to the shit networking.
Yes, yes! And then they actually ship it out with a model Futo because the Oppressor was too expensive to model.
Awesome! Always looking forward to new Boneworks content. Nazi Zombies is really fun in Pavlov, would be really great if this had multiplayer.
If you are interested, just enter the queue. You will probably be waiting 2 months.
Grey screen should be either a tracking loss or performance loss. Have you checked your temps in hwinfo64? Your PC could be throttling. Even if you turn down the settings in HLA, the game has some kind of dynamic resolution, apparently.
I have not tried an accessory like this; however what I like most about the Index controllers is in part that you can release them, but also that there is no button to press when grabbing. This works best in Boneworks, where you can e.g. grab the charging handle on a rifle with any of three fingers, grab the slide on a pistol with any or all of your fingers, and switch between them; so it's in part also the finger tracking, which again comes from there being no button. Boneworks is one game and the vast majority are not so extensively detailed, so in most games the Index controllers are more about the grab and release, but it is still nice that there is no button involved. Hope that helps explain.
What is off with your finger on the guns in Boneworks with Touch?
Right, that will be because the Index can track the finger before it hits the trigger. Since you don't have that sensor, it seems the devs defaulted to assuming trigger discipline. Personally I wouldn't think of that as a bad option, but maybe they should introduce a setting for it.
HTC has apparently done very well with this - Vive Index seems to be the more common one. Must help their brand out a bit.
What often happens with an advanced RMA is that you offer collateral in the form of a hold on your card. That's what happens for Corsair advanced RMAs. It's nice that Valve offers them without that, though if they decline, you could offer them a reasonable hold against your card.
Ah right, well that's unfortunate. Perhaps they will update their system, or just offer more ARMAs.
Some people say that these plastic lenses scratch as soon as they make contact with the glass lenses on spectacles.
I don't think anyone from Valve has ever addressed it. The most we have seen is the "silent" revision change where the sticks were lengthened. I got my trigger squeak after only a few hours; fortunately, as I'm still using the Vive DAS, I don't hear it.
Well, if a company can be a person...
I think you can save chaperone profiles in advanced settings.
Unfortunately, this sun damage is the same thing as focusing a beam with a magnifying glass to create a burn mark; so it would have burnt the display to some extent. You could ask Valve if they will replace it, you never know, they may do it as a strong gesture of goodwill.
VR is great. There are some amazing games out. Boneworks, half life, twd, lone echo. Lots of really great smaller games too like superhot, vader immortal, gorn. I started playing some COD Zombies on Pavlov recently - they literally have mostly faithful recreations of a bunch of maps in the workshop. Der Riese, Kino, Nacht, and more. Someone called Cuddles is working on call of the dead. They have the legit textures, sounds, zombies, it's good.
Yes well to be honest I think most people find that stock strap uncomfortable. It was hurting me after 90min but still worth it. I got the deluxe audio strap as soon as it released, and now I can go 5 hours with no discomfort.
Yeah, I'm one of the weird guys that likes Hardline. Never got to play more than 2 or 3 maps due to the playerbase being so low, so I hope it perks up a bit.
Regarding the new Steam version, have you tried to set up the custom keys? They don't seem to work, unless I'm doing it wrong. They work fine in the standalone version.
Yeah, I ended up getting a silver one. Looks like they just lifted two of the Korean SKUs to send to the UK. Mine has a Samsung PM981 SSD also, whereas apparently the American models get a lower-grade Intel SSD, but then again they also get the i7 with G7 graphics. Swings and roundabouts. I like the silver anyway.
&gt;AMD finally returning to the high end space Yeah ok, they always claim this. They always get smashed by Nvidia. This time, Nvidia is doing a node shrink so the gap should be huge.
BT/Openreach is doing loads to improve their network. They don't even build copper anymore, everything they do now is full fibre and existing copper lines are even being phased out. They're working on upgrading everything.
&gt; AC vent pointed directly into your case *Intel intensifies*
I don't know about all of the manufacturers, but Corsair won't give you any trouble if you want to RMA a degraded unit. I had a HX750i that it seemed could no longer deliver its rated power, or had trouble ramping up, and caused my PC to turn off. Took a bit of time to narrow it down - coincidentally, my power strip was also faulty. Anyway, Corsair replaced it.
You can't seriously knowingly recommend worse cards to people? Yes, competition is good, but nobody wants to have something that doesn't work. That's AMDs responsibility to resolve, not ours. Some of us waited years for AMD to release something decent before switching to team green, and to be honest I didn't realise just how much I was missing.
Have you tried supersampling? I would expect that supersampling would easily put your GPU to 100%. Just as a test.
Nice link, thanks!
If you got it in the US or a couple of other countries, it's Snapdragon. Korea and pretty much the rest of the world uses Exynos. If you load up any CPU benchmarking app, it should tell you which processor you have.
&gt;I had bought a SP6 that had display issues and it took over 2 months with Microsoft with no outcome I've had similarly bad experiences with Microsoft. Buy elsewhere in the future. Any issue you have with a Microsoft device, it's "give me £500 (at least) for a refurb". Any issue with a type cover, it's "we can't do anything". I just got my watch serviced by Samsung. They collected it from my house, packaged it for me, repaired it, and sent it back, all in 5 days from the day I called them. I'm very impressed. Oh, and they even collected it on a Sunday, so they work weekends. Service quality is a critical thing that you don't think of until someone burns you.
Worked on me - only I sent my money to Samsung instead!
My SP4 also has an unusable battery, it's not bulging yet though. I don't want to risk cracking the display so I was actually hoping for it to start bulging, but I don't think it gets enough usage for that. Reading this, the repair experience sounds worse than I imagined.
Well it's defnitely not an optimal position, unfortunately. I can tell you that blowing cool air on the back of the tablet has always helped with performance with my Surface Pros, so it stands to reason that heating it up would make it worse. Adobe doesn't have the most optimized suite, but that position would probably be fine with lighter apps.
Or try to buy a device that is actually repairable. Even if the next device has such poor QC issues as the Surface line, at least it can be user-repaired.
Yes, out of warranty service. My Samsung service was also out of warranty, yet they seemed to actually care about my problem. I'm glad it goes well for you - I hope you don't require any service once your warranty expires with Microsoft.
I would assume you are missing drivers. I would first attempt Windows Update again and see if it can find them. If not, you need to find out what model of Surface Pro you have so that you can try downloading the driver package from Microsoft.
Yes, i had to pay. I asked them to replace the battery in my watch, since its almost 4 years old now. They said they could not give me a price until an engineer looked at it, but they would collect it from me and give me a quote, and if I was not happy with the quote, they would return it back to me and I would not have to pay anything. They charged £45 for the battery, and I wanted them to do it rather than me because my watch is waterproof. And regarding Microsoft, if your device is useless because of a faulty battery, I don't think it's remotely reasonably to ask me for £500. That was the cost for "fixing" my 3 gen old model. Further to that, I would get back someone else's unit which could be in worse condition than mine, and my Surface looks perfect from the outside. With Samsung, they return the same unit back to you.
Also remember to check out COD zombies in Pavlov. Type "codz" into the workshop.
Looks like you can get the G4 or G7 graphics. I have a device with G4 graphics and it gets about 1,850 GPU points in Firestrike. My 1080Ti gets a bit over 28,000. Just a reference point. G7 should get around 3,000 points. You then have to consider whether the devices can sustain that performance. Are you looking for something that is mainly a drawing device, or is drawing a lower priority?
Well it's not like Microsoft's store is overflowing with features, compared with, say, Steam....
Yeah, imo Visual Studio licensing is very fair. The only thing I would say about it is that some tools, like Xamarin Profiler, should not be locked behind an Enterprise license, because it's not like you can just afford to pay for that. Unless you're earning a lot, you just end up not being able to use those tools.
You're correct, they don't do like-new refurbished devices. It's a gamble.
Yeah, they're well overdue this feature in the UWP version imo.
I contacted them once to ask for instructions on attaching a key to a Type Cover 3, they literally refused to give me any kind of help. The key literally just fell off one day along with the scissor mechanism and I didn't know how to re-assemble it. Had to buy another. Their support is beyond useless. I got that keyboard out of my drawer about a year later and re-assembled it in about a minute. I guess you just need to look at things on a different day sometimes.
The story and atmosphere are unmatched by any other game in VR. By atmosphere, it definitely beats every other game, VR or not. Story is debatable but it was very strong, definitely one of my top storylines. The ending was pretty crazy. Gameplay is solid even without melee, though obviously less interactive than Boneworks. The game was around 10 or 11 hours long, so I wouldn't think it fair to call it a tech demo. It is a fully fleshed-out Half-Life game.
Just want to point out that the Index is a Valve product, not HTC.
Sure, but I would not recommend purchasing a potentially 4.5 year old device that has no option of a battery replacement. Particularly when the device is several years old, it is very important that the battery can be replaced.
If you look at the Samsung features, I think you will see they do much more than add decorations. They add a lot of critical features in the Good Lock suite. There's so much in there that I wouldn't want to do without. These days, I'm quite apprehensive toward new Android updates, as Google tends to remove at least one critical feature each time, in their quest to further lock down the OS.
The only place I have seen ads in a Samsung app is in the app store, in the same way they appear in Google Play. I'm not sure what the criteria is for seeing these ads, but it must be regional. I don't get them in the UK. I should note that I have chosen to stay on Android 9 for the time being with my Note 9. If anyone knows what the criteria is for seeing these ads, I'd love to know.
&gt;By the way: There is a ton of Unreal Engine 4 based games, out there, that ignores any supersampling you set in SteamVR settings. Hadn't heard of that. Perhaps that explains why some Unreal games look so blurry! I know the deferred renderer is a big issue, but not respecting my supersampling settings will only compound the effect. Thanks for the info.
Right, where I am in the UK it seems the 5700 XT costs about the same as a 2070, so that's a bit unfortunate for you. Hopefully you can get a price adjustment with the 3000 series. If you look at raw shading performance then the 5700 XT is a good deal when it's working, but Nvidia does have a lot more features both in hardware and software, as well as more stable software. VRSS should help you out a lot in games that use forward renderers with MSAA, and that's only supported by Turing. You can also be sure that your Nvidia card will have a longer useful life for VR because Nvidia actually makes an effort to support new reprojection techniques, whenever Valve may release them. OPs 290, for example, is way behind the GTX 970 just for not supporting async reprojection. I have a 1080Ti myself and I think it's doing quite well. The main thing I am missing at the moment is VRSS. Would be very interesting if DLSS 2.0 made it into big VR games, that would be insane.
As far as I'm aware, your 390 is not compatible with the Index, just so you know.
What happens in the UK is that your credit card provider and the retailer are jointly responsible for any issues you have, so it's another avenue to claim through. So I believe you could go to your credit card provider if the retailer is being unhelpful.
Valve also dropped support for SteamVR on MacOS recently. I wonder if they will continue with Steam at all on MacOS. I would guess not. Apple has always been hostile towards actual gaming, seems like it becomes a more uphill battle as time progresses.
As I understand it, laptops are a significant market for Intel and they spend a lot of money helping OEMs to design them.
&gt;you gain the ability to run Linux GUI-based applications on the desktop alongside Windows ones Wow, that sounds awesome. Not sure what I would actually run but that's an awesome feature none the less.
&gt;Instant on/off simply is better in the ARM ecosystem then the x86 one. 11th gen Intel chips can wake the OS in less than 1 second.
Look at the new Galaxy Book range. Aluminium casing, new QLED displays, decent keyboards, very good pen on the Flex. I don't see how the build quality could be questioned.
When you are developing software, it is easiest to develop a version that runs natively on the system you are using for development.
The phone comes with a nib remover and nibs.
Did they not fix this?
Thanks! Do you know where I can find the actual results that they were fined based on? Is it still happening?
I got four years with My S6 Edge+. S7 is past four years now, it will have received its final security update a few months ago. S8 is still on their list for getting security updates and that's past 3 years. It will continue to receive them for 4 years like all their other premium mobile devices.
What is your reasoning for considering iDevices more secure?
Electron can also give you good UI performance through Chromium. WPF has shit animation performance. UWP is extremely performant, but also extremely restricted in many areas. They're now separating all of the UWP UI into Win UI and making it available outside of UWP, e.g. in WPF apps, so that will help things.
Cheaper devices don't get 4 years, but all of the premium phones do.
Reading some of the comments in here, I see that my Note 9 is not nearly as bad with this as some other devices; but back on Android 8 it was really good at not unnecessarily killing apps. The Android 9 update made it worse, and I swear the battery life did not improve. I'll eventually agree to the Android 10 update for the security patches but I pray that won't worsen the app killing again.
Afterburner frequently has issues with other software, something to be aware of. For this reason I don't recommend keeping it running.
I think Samsung and Apples premium phones cost about the same where I am in the UK. I think the Note 9 has a much stronger feature set than iPhones, but even still, it would be great if Samsung could continue to update that feature set and keep us even further ahead.
&gt;I just checked the Note 3, they have a June 2020 update. Did you check this on your own Note 3? Is there a place I can look up these things? Aside from Samsung's update page which just shows the "currenty supported" devices.
The jitter testing I've seen for the Microsoft pens is usually around the top of the pack for N-Trig digitisers. Probably just get the Surface pen from your laptop's generation.
This is easily what I would get if I wanted a "smart TV". Great software, great hardware - Nvidia actually seems to care about their user experience.
These will be awesome when they get their digitisers working with the fold. I assume that's that's the reason it's not pen-enabled already.
You only really need the desktop if you would benefit from more power. E.g. Surface Pro is very weak for gaming, so a desktop would give a much stronger experience there.
No - buy a different one.
Does anyone know if anything has changed regarding call recording? Or is it still gimped in most regions?
The ending to Alyx is the best in the series in my opinion. It's definitely a great one to play after EP2.
&gt;They are in the business of selling higher quality products and the good service comes with it. LOL Tell that to Microsoft. Hint: Don't expect them to help much when your Surface shits the bed.
So just buy Korean? It would be hilarious if that was the outcome of this.
"They've got nukes"
Sure, but if you do VR and want to leverage VRSS, that gap is going to increase a lot. DLSS 2.0 is great, if not widely supported. 2070S also supports ray tracing. The 2070 Super will demolish even AMD's next-gen GPUs in Cyberpunk with DLSS 2.0. I think it's worth considering these things.
Mostly graphics I think, but it will be interesting to see what the efficiency is like.
We'll see. I don't think these chips are expected until 2021 or even 2022 perhaps.
It is playable but the bedrock edition does run way better.
Honestly, it's never a convincing effect. You can always tell that the frames are lower. Better to just get the actual number of frames you want and use DLSS to get good quality out of it; or in VR, use VRSS.
Thanks for the info in your video. I'm gonna have to agree on the snap turning though - it's very jarring to watch. If you're fine with smooth, everything should be fine.
For pen input, I really like the feel of Wacom EMR devices. They are just smoother. The ink comes out really nicely because the digitizers are better, and they actually use separate digitizers for touch and pen to eliminate latency. I got a Galaxy Book Flex to replace my Surface but I made that decision as my use is primarily laptop now rather than tablet. I also wanted repairability, as that's the whole reason my Surface is now useless. Also, battery life, because that was always difficult with a Surface Pro.
Really? My Samsung showed it out of the box. I'm on 2004.
So that would mean Samsung added it back in?
Right well that sucks. The only thing I can say is that the writing experience with the Note 9 pen on my Book Flex seems 100% identical to using the Book Flex pen, and vice versa. Even when using the pen at steep angles, I see no difference, aside from the digitizer on my Note 9 not supporting tilt. It may not be too much of a stretch to think that S-Pens are just universally compatible. At least, for the last few years. EDIT: I like pencils so I decided to buy a Noris. I'll post back after I've tested it, but it does list explicit support for the Book Flex and Notebook 9 Pro.
The different variants of the same card won't matter. I thought this was about Radeon vs GeForce, in which case you are better off with GeForce. This is because Nvidia is much faster to support new reprojection techniques (day 1 support vs many months of waiting with AMD), they support them on older cards than AMD, and also because of VRSS (2000 series). On top of that, many Radeons actually do not work at all with an Index. I think you need Navi or newer and anything else literally does not function.
If you want the highest frame rates, 10th gen Intel is where it's at. If you want to save a bit of money and don't care as much about the higher frame rates, you can get a Ryzen. I would only change the CPU (which also requires new memory in your case). GPU is missing some new features but imo it's not worth upgrading just for VRSS right now, better off waiting for the 3000 series which will be a much more substantial upgrade. Aside from VRSS, there's really only the 2080Ti that would give you an appreciable GPU upgrade.
Do the shaders need to compile during gameplay?
Yeah, I'll be shocked if the RT performance of any Big Navi cards can top a 2070, and the 3000 series will be out by the time Big Navi releases. I wouldn't count on AMD to undercut much. Obviously they have to undercut, but they've already shown us they want to keep prices up.
They literally give zero shits about the customer's experience with them.
No, it doesn't work. Pro 3 is N-Trig, Pro 2 was "old" EMR with parallax and edge accuracy issues.
