Not saying you are wrong but I don't think a the links provided prove anything either. Could be that they started calling it 2.5D later (as to differentiate it with games that do actually have 3D models).
Although I still haven't bought anything on their store, and although it's still very **very** far away from Steam, they definitely succeeded into making EGS a piece of software I would install on any system from now on. Before it was literally just an annoying step that you needed to take to play Fortnite. And once I stopped playing Fortnite and uninstalled it, the EGS got uninstalled too. Same with Battle.net for a lot of people I bet: It's just their WoW launcher. If they stop playing WoW, it likely serves no purpose for them anymore. But because I now have a library of games it's a platform I will look at while wondering "What should I play?". I can't say the same of Battle.net or Origin. If we would go with a weird variation of the "stranded on a deserted island and you can only bring one.." (but in this case, only install one) question... Steam would obviously still be at the top, but EGS now takes a clear second place. Way above Origin or Battle.net.
Ik denk dat me moeten wachten op de resultaten van het onderzoek. Wilden ze bewust een grote brand veroorzaken of hadden ze moeten weten dat wat ze deden een grote brand kon veroorzaken? Hoewel het voor de arme nabestaanden het leed niet verlicht maakt het wel een wezelijk verschil vindt ik. Kan zijn dat het "gewoon" kattekwaad was. Niet dat het oke is, maar beetje zoals vuurwerk in een glasbak doen. Groot verschil met, ik zeg maar iets, een afvalcontainer onder de flat overgieten met brandbare vloeistof en vervolgens vuurwerk afsteken. Nogmaals, we weten nog niet veel. Laten we op de resultaten van het onderzoek wachten, en meeleven met de nabestaanden.
Maybe I forgot but what was the reason for his third eye again? He and that little Pokemon sidekick of his seem like mutants.
Same. They gave away a pretty damn nice library of games.
You're not allowed to hit under the belt so he figured he should get the largest size and pull em way up.
Same. Ik zette er speciaal mijn wekker voor zodat ik elke minuut kon benutten.
Surely an ambulance can be modified to deal with such circumstances? Basically an off-road ambulance.
From what I understand some communities basically use a sort of loophole: They are *renting* these devices but don't own them. So technically speaking they still adhere by the rules, even though it kinda defeats the purpose.
In the negatives? You have invented time travel my friend!
In the security's defense: It's a normal thing that he walks close the audience to give hands and bless babies and whatnot. And don't forget that everyone in that audience has already been checked for weapons, so their guard is maybe a bit lower. I guess they could stand halfway inbetween the pope and the person he is giving a hand, but a big thing about an special occasion like this is accessibility. It doesn't exactly have the same charm if he is completely swarmed with armed guards that seem ready to pull a gun on you because you want to shake the Pope's hand.
&gt; Trump tweets a US flag. I saw the tweet and couldn't really believe my eyes. What a fucking tool. Whether you agree with the drone strike or not: Tweeting the flag is bad diplomacy at a time like this. 'Fuck you. Sincerely, the US of A'.
Flying the drone.
It also happens almost every time North Korea makes a threat: People go all "OMG WW3 is gonna happen". Funny thing is: For a few years I was somewhat fascinated by this so-called "Hermit Kingdom". So I watched all sorts of documentaries and vlogs about it, and started following websites focused on news about (and from) North-Korea. And especially thanks to the latter I quickly learned a few things. 1: They issue threats **all the time**. You really start to get the impression that whenever a mainstream media outlet picks up on it, it was a slow news day and they want to report *something*. Because they do it almost weekly. 2: That most of these threats aren't made with the international community as an audience in mind. It's for internal consumption. Reinforcing their own population of the idea of this common enemy. Have you noticed how with half these threats they often provide a video of some lady reading from a desk? That's just their news channel. It's not like they send those videos out to world leaders. Now don't understand me wrong: They also make threats throughout official channels, and it's understandable that it gets more attention whenever they tested a new rocket or H-bomb. But yeah, I've seen topics about their "threats" on the top of /r/worldnews several times now, and half the time it only had their news channel as a source. But, people love discussing WW3 I guess...
I heard a different version. Not that he was tricked into signing up for it, but just that he really disliked the experience and doesn't want to do anything like it again. According to the bit I read, David Fincher wanted take after take of the same scene, which he found exhausting. He wasn't used to that. A bit like how some actors hated working with a genius like Kubrick because he was such a perfectionist.
It's just the general feeling of being lied to I guess. Even if you don't care about the subject, it's just a bad feeling when you're being misled.
But I poop from there.
What if it's just all an elaborate ruse to make the world forget about Bill Clinton's BJ? ^^^jk ^^^in ^^^case ^^^that ^^^isn't ^^^clear.
No hitting the nuts yo. That's too cruel.
Pretty much. Big nations being at war wasn't a weird thing really. A big difference though: There could be years or even decades in which nothing happened. The 100-year-war or the 80-year-war wasn't that many years of weekly (or even monthly) engagements.
I mean, lets not pretend Oblivion pioneered that general HUD design, nor did they pioneer leveling up skills by repetition.
Ik denk dat de overlap vrij groot is (als je die subs bezoekt bezoek je waarschijnlijk ook /r/thenetherlands). Maar je weet maar nooit.
I *very* much disagrees. Sound yes I guess, but there are only so many sounds a sword or horse can make, and as for the music, all these games with a medieval-ish setting have similar sounding music because that was the kind of music they had back then. Looks then. In KC:D you have tons of little alleyways, streets look dirty, some defenses or housing attachments look improvised.. All in all the cities and villages looked lived it. That's quite a big contrast with Oblivion. I understand that the systems at the time didn't have the resources to fill everything up with details, but the general design is also to blame for making it feel less lively. Even a lot of the "small alleys" in Oblivion are still wide enough for a car or two. And don't get me started about the Capital. It was so symmetrical and perfect it was boring to me. I didn't get any sense of history. It's like they build all of it 50 or 100 years ago, not 1000 years ago. In general Oblivion had way more cookie-cutter locations.
Seems pretty accurate https://thetruesize.com/#?borders=1~!MTU4NTMxODI.MjMyMTE5NQ*MjA2Mzk1NDk(MjMxODgzNzc~!CONTIGUOUS_US*MTAwMjQwNzU.MjUwMjM1MTc(MTc1)MA~!IN*NTI2NDA1MQ.Nzg2MzQyMQ)MQ~!CN*OTkyMTY5Nw.NzMxNDcwNQ(MjI1)Mg~!AU*MTUxMDI1NDk.MjQzNDYyNjQ)Mw Unless you're talking about the size of the flame icons.
And buy a new boulder multiple times a day? No thank you.
Interesting question. Because although I immediately wanted to write down my favorite games of all time, I don't think all of them would give an unique experience. Say that my favorite games are COD and MOH. Cool, but playing both wouldn't really enrich your gaming experience much IMO (not because both are FPS games, but just because they are very similar FPS games). So I think I would make a list with a lot of variation. And especially one with stories you will remember for a long time. Bioshock This War Of Mine Valiant Hearts Metal Gear Solid 3 Dragon Age: Origins TES5: Skyrim Minecraft Portal (1 or 2) Brothers: A Tale of Two Sons What Remains of Edith Finch Subnautica Divinity: Original Sin 2 To the Moon I kinda disregarded all multiplayer games here, because that would make the list a bit too big I reckon. Still, I wanted to give one game a shoutout for the uniqueness: Trouble in Terrorist Town.
A friend of mine lied on his resume to get into a job interview. He also actually revealed in that interview that he lied. But since he had the right set of skills they still hired him.
Doesn't tell 'ya how to deal with a ")" in the URL itself.
All of them have in a way. If the enemy has a full plate armor, use blunt weapons for example. Slashing with a sword would do much. If they are unarmored or just have shitty armor? Go stabby-stabby. Some people in this thread talked about "cheesing" battles by just kiting with bow and arrow, but I mean, that's a legit strat. The game designers could've made it more interesting by having enemies use horses more to keep up I guess, but other than that why not take full advantage?
I'd say fuck 'em and just do it. If they are innocent, no problem right.
I get what you mean. Once your bow skills are decent you can easily kinda cheese some encounters. Would be cool if the AI actually responded to the weapon type. So say you have a bow, they would zig-zag a lot while sprinting. If you have a bow *and* are on a horse, maybe they should try to retreat to try to lure me in closer (or go back and get a bow themselves to shoot at me).
The sleeve kinda breaks the illusion haha. Looks badass.
Not sure what they could've done about Hardline... Battlefield fans were probably a bit turned off because it didn't seem like a proper Battlefield game. So who was the target audience? People that like Payday 2? People that like heists in GTA:V? I thought it was an interesting idea but it wasn't surprising it flopped. Really one of those games you might buy later at a steep discount.
I guess if it's your first RPG ever (whether online or offline) the amount of menu's and stats and stuff can be a bit overwhelming at first. But that's the case with a lot of RPG's. I started Classic a few months ago without ever properly playing the game before (I played the trial for a bit 10+ years ago but that's it), and so far it's pretty straight forward. I think I did everything except for Molten Core, PVP, and Onyxia, and I have barely used a guide. Granted, that means my spec and stuff probably isn't the best it can be. But I don't mind too much. I don't like following guides by the letter, because it take all the creativity out of the game.
Playing classic at the moment (as tank) and I'm glad I haven't experienced that much yet. Sure there have been people telling me to hurry up, but half the time I'm waiting to make sure the healer and mage dps have enough mana. Or the occasional guy telling me to pull more, despite barely surviving the last encounter.
Which is, from what I understand, a complete myth. Someone wrote a piece of fiction about him and Mozart and people just ran with it.
*"TONY STARK BUILT THIS IN A CAVE!"*
Reminds me of the woman who thought her boyfriend was slipping her drugs. Can't find the thread but the short version was more or less: Woman is having trouble remembering stuff. Like, not remembering the day (or part of the day) at all. Complete blackouts. She suspects her boyfriend did it because one time she had cum stains on her chest and she didn't remember having sex at all (and that's where he likes to come). Weird thing was though: They didn't live together, and it mostly happened when she was sleeping at her place (and while not having seen him multiple days). What also made it somewhat weird was that during those periods of memory loss she did apparently function normally (I think she mentioned she went to work and stuff, and saw that she sent text messages during the periods those blackout periods, which were normal messages). Even weirder: When she stayed at her BF's for place multiple days it was all fine. So on one hand she was suspicious (her BF was also a doctor so probably would have easy access to all kinds of drugs), but on the other hand it didn't seem to make much sense that he would do that. Why doesn't it seem to happen more often when he isn't around? And what would he gain? Does he get of on the idea of her having memory loss? Weird. A redditor remarked that it could be a result of a bed bug problem. She sends photographs and sure enough, it was riddled. I don't think there was ever a follow-up though.
Cool! I didn't know that.
All his Golden Globe stuff is pretty good. In general I think most of his material is good. The only small point of criticism I would have is that he sometimes seem to fancy himself a genius/philosopher. He can be a bit smug like that.
&gt; Ricky is hilariously right in saying they don't live in the real world and are the last people to give political advice. Devils advocate here: It can actually *really* help if some celebrity put his or her face on a good cause, and goes around promoting it. It gets those organizations more attention and funding. Granted that with exceptionally rich celebrities it seems a bit weird when they ask the public for money, or whenever Leonardo talks at a climate change meeting he flew to in his private jet. But all in all, these celebrities going around "lecturing" people is not a bad thing. It's kinda how the media works. If some unknown but great scientist warns us, it may or may not make it to some news websites. Somewhere in the corner of the science tab. If some celebrity does it, it might make the first page. 'Why are they "lecturing" us?'. Well, they are often the only ones that were given proper attention in the first place. Don't understand me wrong: I totally think there are some people out there that speak about it out of ego, or for the sake of their image or something like that. But just because a celebrity talks about an issue he/she doesn't have experience with, don't discredit that either. It can really help.
Eh.. I think plenty of celebrities 'fly under the radar' in that regard so to say. It's just that as soon as you open your mouth about an issue, people take a closer look at you and see what *you* have done to help the cause.
Genieten ze allemaal van naar mijn ervaring. Ik snap dat ze haast hebben, maar ik heb nog maar nauwelijks ingechecked of hij geeft al vol gas nog voor dat ik me ergens aan vast kan houden. Ben soms verbaasd dat hier niet vaker ongelukken mee gebeuren.
I wonder what qualifies as act of war. A lot of wars are technically not wars right?
I think you confuse him with Bill Microsoft.
People tend to forget she started her career in trashy talkshows. It's not like she has a degree in lifestyle or politics or something. She is just another celebrity.
I feel like you're gonna have some sweaty sex with drunken Homer.
'This meat tastes like rubber.'
Can't recall the name but there was a documentary about this. And yeah, basically what it did was fuck up their machinery by making a part spin faster, but if the Iranian scientists would look at the data everything seemed fine. Like having a new pc with some weird issue that could be anything, but 1000 times worse. And you don't expect malice (after all it was a controlled network) so that doesn't help with identifying the problem.
I think one of the problems is that well-built blocks tend to be the most efficient, just like real life (for the most part). But yeah, it can make your city end up looking a bit boring. What I ended up doing is just creating a big city with these grids, earn a shitton of cash, demolish most of it, and make it nice. But after the second time I did that I started to wonder why I didn't just turn on unlimited money and save myself the trouble. Still, there's some charm into doing it "legit". I had this giant neighborhood that was like the 1st vice city island, with canals everywhere. And it had a harbor right in the middle. Big tourism district, beaches everywhere. And it ran smooth as fuck thanks to the metro lines, underground trains, and underground highways.
Not a City Builder, but I believe this RCT2 mod called 'openrct' or something also has some kind of co-op mode. You all built your own section of the park. Not the same as a city obviously, but people who like simcity and such tend to like more build/management games.
Ugh, I hate it when people people break their arm unannounced.
Even disregarding dating, just people that are nice to you vs people that actually want to hang out with you and be your friend. After a long period of little contact you kinda forget that stuff and have to relearn it. At least I did.
From what I understand that was somewhat part of it. Treat him like some common rebel. Only one that needs a coalition of some of the most powerful countries in the world to defeat.
I don't think anyone here means they are even somewhat alike. It was just an answer to: "Has a country ever declared war on a person before?".
Well, you know, you can't take mere *tweets* literally! You seem dumb to even think that. Unless he does. Then it's obviously meant to be taken literally! ^^/s
Als de politie normaal een knal hoort weten ze niet altijd zeker of het legaal of illegaal vuurwerk betreft, en weten ze ook niet zeker of het vuurwerk correct is gebruikt, of dat er met die knal zojuist een brievenbus is opgeblazen. Dat ze nu weten dat elke knal niet mag, dat maakt het denk ik een stuk makkelijker voor ze.
Not Parkinsons, but I read about a dog that could smell a certain type of cancer IIRC.
I believe it was on /r/ofcoursethatsathing where someone posted a dating website where you match with people based on smell. You would have to wear a t-shirt for 3 days, send that in, and they would use that to send samples to potential partners or something (and they would do the same).
Is the series good? I watched the first episode and couldn't really get into it. Felt a bit cheesy (maybe it's the voice of Geralt).
Not having an impulse? I wouldn't be surprised if it's a relief you don't have to see any of it again. I can't be the only one who edited videos or made music, and because you have heard/seen it so freaking many times you are glad when it's done and you don't have to consume it ever again.
Oh I understand. I was just quoting a zero punctuation review. And despite it being said for laughs, he did kinda have a point as to why even the most sharpened silver blade still does shit-all damage to humans.
I've never played the game but did that happen late in the day? It wouldn't be the first time nor the last that in games how, when the stores have closing times and you overstay your welcome, they suddenly act like you broke into the place. In most games the NPC gives you an audio cue, but sometimes something happens and it got interrupted or wasn't triggered at all.
They are happy his speech is finally coherent.
Maybe someone watered down the curry. Equally as nasty though.
At least 4 is easily salvagable, unlike 2.
You are probably right.
That bit about animal facts was never about the facts themselves IMO. It was about the delivery and jokes he makes around those facts. Does anyone think it was actually clever he reminded some things from a book? No, it's what you do with it.
Looks great!
They dated for 10 years though. Marriage or not, that's not a bad run. Maybe the relationship was already going downhill and they thought they could save it by getting married or something.
OAK uses HYDRO PUMP.
The movies isn't exactly consistent with that though, because at one point he *does* figure out he can also tell the truth in a more roundabout way. But especially with the cop scene that goes out of the window again. But I'm digging too deep into a fun comedy. With my original comment I just meant that the flaw of the premise of The Invention of Lying was also somewhat present in Liar Liar.
Not computer parts but computer related: Logitech is also one of those companies that seem to have a lifetime warranty. Send it to them and they ship a new one.
Toyota's are also supposedly pretty reliable (at least I read about them being the most reliable 5-10ish years ago). Japanese stuff in general is pretty damn good.
My bad! I missed that part. It just seemed too dumb to be true..
The full article was linked elsewhere. Yes, one of them died (stabbed to death by the other).
I also played since release and was honestly surprised I didn't encounter any big bugs. At most some dead bodies being glitchy.
Same for me. I remember the demo terrifying me. But after a few of those moments you just kinda get used to it I guess. It's the great combat that made me finish it.
Literally Heifler.
I mean, assuming they also provided the shape it's not hard to wrap the rope around.
Thanks. I was already asking myself: 'Which characters favourite food is chicken?'
/r/justdependathings I actually thought I was in that sub.
Not unheard of for them to help out left and right when there isn't much else to do. Not a district manager, but I worked at one of the largest supermarkets around (1000+ employees) and I've seen my boss stocking shelves a few times.
I think most people would agree the "gameplay" of Pokemon Go is (or was? I haven't played in years) pretty shit. The main reason I played it was because of it was just a fun excuse to hang around and take a walk with people. Instead of just playing games at home all evening, I would sometimes first check if there were any lures on nearby and check there.
&gt; Games that pride themselves on difficulty (Dark Souls, etc) are needlessly used as a gatekeeping device for "real gamers" to insult people with less free time. I don't even mind a hard difficulty. What I did dislike were some of the cheap deaths that are unavoidable unless you already know what's coming. That's not difficulty. I didn't die because I wasn't good enough. I died because I'm not clairvoyant.
Even though I'm a Half-Life fan, I never got into the story much to be honest. I thought the star of the game was this dystopian environment. You come in, and are immediately greeted by propaganda ('You have chosen, or have been chosen..'). Everyone around you seems depressed and paranoid. You see all these checkpoints, camera's watching you every move, people getting arrested, straight up razzia's... I did like the maps though. I think a lot of them were pretty cleverly designed.
I mean, if you're on a tour you probably want your blunt roller to be on the bus with you.
I think I saw a movie like that. This guy is getting stuck under the bed isn't he?
Ik snap niet waarom je een downvote hebt gekregen. Leuk is het niet nee, maar om de trein meteen "onbruikbaar" te noemen...
Hey, so since you are making so much money, can't you give me gold of platinum? I can easily afford it because I'm making a killing in sales, but ur making more so I think you should pay for it. Don't be cheap now.
Unless you didn't get there in a car?
N64 (well, an emulator).
Same with Dragon Age. Different story in the same world.
Ehh.. With Dragon Age you don't really miss *that* much if you haven't played any of the other games IMO.
&gt; because I always have that bloody fear of missing out That's my exact feeling as well. 'What if it's a really cool quest or if it gives a really good item?' That's why I really appreciate it when a game indicates in some way if it's a smaller or bigger quest. And a general rule of thumb I tend to follow: If the quest has numbers in them (e.g. collect 10 of these) it's probably shit and skipable.
* The Room (any of them) * Gorogoa * Fallout Shelter * Plague Inc * Line Rider * Lara Croft Go * Hitman Go * X-Com: Enemy Within * FTL: Faster Than Light
Exactly. A proper Harry Potter open world RPG. But that would be a big task though. I've screwed around a bit with the Creation engine before (Skyrim's engine) but it takes time.
From St. Patricks' Day mascot to Ser Gregor Clegane!
Looks great!
&gt; basically be a decent person and don't interfere with other players' experience Unless I'm mistaking you for someone else, I think was in this server before and the first thing I had to do every time I logged in was checking if someone didn't booby-trapped my stuff... Maybe it's better now, but thought I just throw that out there as a PSA for new players.
Ik denk dat je het zo moet zien: Het verhaal gaat niet zozeer over haar als persoon, maar over (de acceptatie van) transgenders in het algemeen. Ik snap ergens wat je bedoelt. 'Ik weet niet wie deze youtube celebrity is, en dat kan me eigenlijk weinig schelen. Oh ze is blijkbaar transgender? Boeiend.. Is dit niet het soort nieuws wat op Shownieuws thuis hoort?' Maar het echte verhaal (naar mijn mening) is dat transgenders vanwege hun geaardheid worden uitgescholden, bedreigd, en gechanteerd. NOS heeft hier vaker verhalen over gedaan trouwens (over een transgender die bv. door de buurt werd systematisch getreiterd of erger). Maar als het een semi-beroemdheid betreft dan krijgt het onderwerp gewoon veel meer aandacht. Nogmaals, ik zie het meer als een verhaal over acceptatie in het algemeen.
I wouldn't go as far as saying that. I buy the cheapest locks ever and only 2 or 3 of them can be opened with just sticking something in and fucking around. Even if you get all the pins in the right position, you sometimes still need an extra tool to actually turn the lock.
Don't. If all the internet videos are to be believed, some off-duty cop *will* burst in and kill you.
Yeah but if you're actually start using techniques instead of randomly wiggling, isn't that basically lockpicking?
Fun fact: That movie takes place in 2032. Just 12 move years and we get fined for cursing!
It's like Death itself was on reddit. 'Oh right. Why *is* he still alive? I'm getting tardy!'
Siri, how do I spell Ciri?
On one hand you are fined 4 credits. On the other hand you have some toilet paper now!
Well, remember what the Brexit party said before the results. 'if we don't it wouldn't be the end of it. Remember: it's non-binding. And it might show us that there is some enthusiasm for it and then we should have a second referendum, and etc etc...' \* They win \* 'Brexit is Brexit! The people have spoken so to hold a 2nd referendum would be a betrayal of this vote!'
Thanks!
I don't think bodies like a new organ well done.
I wouldn't use it for a proposal but as a budget prop this isn't bad at all.
Sounds very plausible. 'He's not a butcher! Did he slaughter the animal? No? Then he's just a meat dealer!'
Without spoiling it: IMO it gets somewhat emotional sooner. In fact: It's not the ending that made my eyes that dusty all of the sudden. I wouldn't even say it was a single scene. It was just that once you realized what and why, the entirety of it all made me tear up. But yea, the gameplay is very bare bones-y. I would go as far as calling it a (sort of) visual novel, but without the choices.
At the start I kinda liked the sense of mystery. Then I got a bit dulled out because although it was tragic how they both became ill, it seemed like it was just kinda depressing for the sake of letting the player feel sad. 'Let's talk about this guy's wife that died! Isn't this depressing?'. At one point I thought: 'Is there even a point to all this origami and 'I want to go to the Moon' stuff, or is the writer just trying to be pretentious by throwing in some nonsensical symbolism'? Then everything starts to fall into place... Makes me sad just writing about it.
I love both games, but I think I like INSIDE a little bit more. With Limbo it was like this nightmare, had no idea what to do or what to expect, and all I knew is I was looking for my little sister (at least, according to the description. The game doesn't let you know). I really liked this strange world. I wondered about the other people in there who were hostile, and what was going on. But as I got further it became more apparent that they wouldn't explain anything. That's OK, but I'm not particularly a fan of leaving *everything* up to the imagination. That's where I think INSIDE was better. It does leave you with a lot of questions, but you do feel like you're in a more established world. People turned into mindless slaves, they're hunting you (maybe because you're some runaway or because no one except an elite group is suppose to be free). They do experiments. The big facilities.. Again, it still raises tons of questions, but you at least get *some* sense of what kinda of world this is, whereas with Limbo I couldn't really make heads or tails of it.
I only had a job as a passenger for an electronics for a short period (summer job), and I got the same note. We are suppose to plug it in, and attach the water drainage and supply tubes, but gas was a big no-no.
Not saying humans can't be terrible towards each other, but these boys were in a life-or-death situation.
It's the rodent face.
Or like a Yoko Ono robot.
Should this really have the boudoir tag? It's literally her outfit.
Ik dacht dat ze bewust mensen niet hun eigen woonwijk gaven (of in ieder geval dat ze dat proberen te vermijden). Verminderd de kans op privacy inbreuken en ander gedoe.
\* Like him. Inside and outside ;) Sorry I had to correct. This song was basically a meme on this old discord server I used to frequently visit and because of that I pretty much know the lyrics by heart. Or should I say: I know the lyrics inside and outside?
Ik kan me het Uggs tijdperk nog wel herinneren maar waren Crocs ooit populair hier? Dat heb ik dan helemaal gemist (misschien maar beter ook).
My mom was also a bit like this, and it's one reason I have been hesitant to help with her PC problems ever since. She would complain about her computer being slow, so I would do the regular spiel of getting rid of all the cookies, removing most temp files, updating the drivers and OS, etc. 6 months later: 'Hey /u/crowbarmagic. I have a problem with my computer that I didn't had before you touched it half a year ago. What did you do?'
That's actually a really good idea (back when lots of people still had 4:3).
Seems like such a weird response. Not just because of the absurdity of the statement itself, but I would think that questions poses a perfect opportunity to boast about work participation. Like, they prided themselves of every worker being equal and no one being left behind in 'this socialist paradise' right? He could've made up some PR thing, but instead went for one of the the most alienating answers possible.
Alternative title: "The French people around 1785"
Aren't there generally camera's EVERYWHERE at universities? Why is the first assumption it's a bomb? It's a freaking university. Of course someone will forget their bag once in a while.
I would also like to recommend **Broken Age**, from the same guy that made Monkey Island and Day of the Tentacle.
I don't think this is the same as "evil" choices not being cartoonishly evil or being in a gray area though. What The Witcher liked to do more than a few times is just pulling a bait-and-switch. E.g. someone who seems innocent and asking for your help turning out to be evil. Thing is, there wasn't any clue it was gonna turn out bad. It's kinda out of nowhere, so I didn't really felt responsible I guess.. To be fair, sometimes it works very well. I'm not the type of gamer that demands a happy ending for every action that seems good. But yeah, sometimes it felt a bit cheap.
"One moment. Wait until Johnson sprinkled the crack on him".
"..yes your honor. I was just peacefully jerking off when this maniac attacked me right as I jizzed!"
It's a bit double. On one hand I feel we should cherish the sacrifices of all those Red Army soldiers that played a major part in defeating Nazi Germany. On the other hand they didn't exactly "liberated" a lot on their way to victory. In fact; They basically split up Poland from the start and also started an war of expansion in Finland.
Don't the devices they have with them still make some sound (especially cooling)?
Crash Bash.
I was surprised by that as well. One user basically said 'OMG why do they have so many pervs!'. I'm willing to wager 99% of them weren't, but the rest of the train was literally filled up beyond capacity so they thought 'fuck it. There's still some space here.' You're obviously not suppose to, but it doesn't automatically makes them perverts either. Yes India has a harassment and rape problem which is why these carts exist in the first place, but the fact there were males on there seems more of a capacity/population problem in this case. Not entirely comparable, but a bit like when the 2nd class areas of a train are completely filled up and some people start to use the 1st class area because that's literally the only available place left. They didn't get out of bed that day with the thought "Oh boy, I'm gonna try to rip off the train company by traveling in the 1st class with a 2nd class ticket!". *They're just trying to get to work* (or get back from work).
Serious question: How much force are you allowed to use with a situation like this? I mean, obviously you should try to retreat first and not do any harm, but say it keeps chasing you and tries to bite you? At what point is one allowed to like kick it or punch?
I should put him in touch with my dad Tim Apple!
Yeah true! I guess I meant more in general. Like, sure some games will hit that but unless you're totally dedicated to those few games it's maybe not worth it yet;.
I think that by the 2nd one Valve realized most players didn't really think it was scary anymore, so they mostly focused on gameplay and map diversity.
Sorry to get a bit off-topic but this is one of the reasons I'm against capital punishment. Obviously there are cases where there is no question about whether or not the suspect committed certain crimes (e.g. a school shooting with clear video footage), and I wouldn't be against capital punishment in those cases, but the way it's currently written the justice system just has killed too many innocent people..
Soon to be an exit.
In het algemeen voel ik soms wel mee voor leden van het koningshuis. Ja, je wordt vanalles gegeven maar je hebt gewoon geen normaal leven, en je moet overal in het land komen om proberen enthousiast te zijn over de opening van bv. een nieuwe bibliotheek. En alles wat je doet wordt in de media breed uitgemeten. Dus daar staan je dan maar met (misschien je favouriete) stropdas, en je moet maar meedoen. Ik durf ook te wedden dat een boel leden van het koningshuis het volkslied helemaal spuugzat zijn. Iedereen heeft zich wel eens geërgerd aan een nummer omdat je het te vaak hebt gehoord toch? Deze mensen ontkomen hun hele leven lang niet aan hetzelfde liedje.
Yeah probably but that doesn't exactly put the USSR in some sort of saviour position. They just wanted a piece of the pie. It's understandable why a lot of Eastern European countries don't harbor warm feelings towards their "liberators". Yes it's better than the Germans, but it's still like choosing between 2 bad diseases.
Making movies making songs and fighting 'round the world.
Thought that was weird as well. The freakin' UN is getting involved?! Wtf.
The vast open spaces still scare me. Your visibility is like 100 meters, and reapers are *fast*. At least when you're near some rock formations you have a safe-ish space to fall back to. Still, despite having never finished it I had a lot of fun with the game.
Ik zie zelf ook meer in wat meerdere kleinere vuurwerkshows die over de stad zijn verspreid, zodat er voor vrijwel iedereen iets binnen korte loopafstand is.
[With sound](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EHHIwDOiTw0) Not that having sound adds *that* much with this video, but part of figure skating is dancing to the music, so it's nice to hear that too. Plus hearing the air whooshing by the camera's microphone gives more of a sense of the speed she skates at.
The thing about the agents is: I feel like they should act and look like these nameless g-men. Like how I guess most of us would picture the most boring uninspired look of a FBI agent. They are basically copies of each other with slight variations (only in later movies they specifically said "Smith" was a unique program. In the original movie he was just the main guy of the "Agent" program). I guess my point is: Although I think Jean Reno could've worked out great as well, he often stands out a bit more if get know what I'm saying. At least more than Hugo Weaving. I really liked how all the agents looked like similar no-name suits, and he was perfect to play that part. If they didn't get Lawrence Fishburne, I think Jean Reno would've made a great Morpheus actually! I think that role would fit him better than Agent Smith.
I reckon the Wachowski's did intend for the movie to have a bit more comedic relief if they considered Will Smith. He wasn't known for *any* serious role back then; it was all comedy. Not disagreeing with your overall point by the way. Just saying that I do believe they wanted the movie to be slightly funnier.
In the sequels that emotional behavior makes more sense (he became "free" at the end of the first movie). He basically became this out-of-control virus, so it really works well to display him as a power hungry maniac. In the first movie it's still a bit weird though. But oh well. Deconstructing the Matrix Trilogy and trying to make sense out of it is a waste of time, because a lot of shit simply doesn't make any sense.
Can't really recall them talking about accents. Was that the part with the French guy? Just guessing that was the part because the second movie attempted to answer a lot of things about the Matrix as they came along.
Exactly. So many games come and go just because either nobody knows about them, or they look very similar to other highly praised games, so even if it is great, most people tend to buy the ones that most people talk about. Hype and exposure can make all the difference in the world. What's also really smart: It's kinda Harvest Moon for PC right. He sort of dipped into an untapped market.
I'm in early steps of planning on making a small (free) game for android/ios, but yeah, seeing how bloated the stores are I might be happy to get 100 downloads unless I get ads or some streamer to play it (and even then I might get lucky to 500). I already figured this should be more of a learning experience and not something I make any money out of, but I can't deny that foresight is a bit depressing. Spending 4-6 months on something that barely anyone sees you know.
Just saying he wasn't known for the serious stuff. And although a lot of people know Pursuit of Hapiness and After Earth (that last one purely because it flopped harder than my dick on whiskey) nowadays, he's still kind of the goofball.
Ah ok. I didn't get any on the webbrowser version.
Exactly. This whole thing completely ruined the curse of the Flying Dutchman. So the captain of the Dutchman is only allowed to be on land for like 1 day every, what was it? **10 years** or so? Oh god, what a terrible curse not being able to see your loved ones all that time... Oh wait, just get some buckets and fill them with sea water. Problem solved. quick edit: The loopholes didn't even start there. Remember the "I got a jar of dirt!" scene? So Davy Jones can't touch the heart because it's surrounded by some sand from the beach??? They basically lowered the curse of the Flying Dutchman to a giant game of "the soil is lava".
The Vatican is basically a city block.
Or they suddenly went all Benjamin Button and children come out.
I got the DVD for Christmas like 20 years ago but still haven't actually seen it.. Thought the premise was a bit goofy so I chucked it away for later and kinda lost it.
People tend to forget how far (like geographically) Islam spread. The Moors used to hold a lot of Spain, and the Ottomans were once at the gates of Vienna.
Honestly: I don't know for sure anymore. But what else was the point of that dirt? So he can't find it that easily or something? Jack acts like it's sort of safe within that jar of dirt.
Mensen doen geinig over het accent van Limburgers, maar er is niet echt iets om op te haten ofzo.
He's crazy but obviously genius-crazy in the series. He always has a master plan. Sure it doesn't always work out but he's a great improvisor and he adapts. I guess point being: pretty sure that dirt had a very valid reason.
Ik denk dat het hier ietsje goedkoper is maar ook niet *heel* veel beter. Er is gewoon een groot tekort, dus bepaalde huisbazen kunnen vrijwel vragen wat ze willen. Alleen in de krimpregio's in het een stuk goedkoper.
Als mede-Tilburger: Sorry voor je kutte collega's. Het idiote is hier ook: Als die persoon zwaar Tilburgs gaat praten is het nauwelijks te verstaan.
Reddit wordt ook vaak in het hokje van sociale media gestopt, maar ergens vind ik dat ook niet helemaal daar in passen. En iets als Facebook is natuurlijk het go-to voorbeeld is van social media, maar ken ik ook wat mensen voor wie Facebook min of mee hun 9gag of dumpert is: Ze bekijken de grappige filmpjes of plaatjes die langskomen, en that's mostly it. Dat vind ik ook al ietsje anders dan iemand die daadwerkelijk het platform gebruikt om sociale contacten te onderhouden. Ik denk dat de term "social media" veel te breed is geworden. Dat Youtube schijnbaar meetelt bewijst dat naar mijn mening. Ja er zijn mensen die het als social media gebruiken (bijvoorbeeld d.m.v. vlogs en dergelijken) maar het overgrote deel van de gebruikers doet dat niet.
Een toename in meldingen hoeft inderdaad niet perse een toename in incidenten te betekenen nee. Maar toch, we moeten er goed op letten.
Haha. Meestal kan ik Vlamingen wel verstaan (vooral vlak bij de grens), maar soms gebruiken ze erg veel Franse woorden enzo, en dat kan het een stuk lastiger maken. Ik was overigens een keer in zuid-Limburg voor werk, was de weg kwijt, en dit was vroeg in de ochtend dus de enige winkel die open was was een bakker. Ik ging daar heen om de weg te vragen (dit was rond de tijd dat nog niet iedereen een smartphone met gps had). Ze spraken Duits, iets wat op Frans leek, en iets wat op Nederlands leek..
Ergens bij Aken in de buurt. Ten zuiden daar van denk ik.
*cue dramatic music*
The Russians (and before that the Soviets) made really fucking big submarines, but that also has to do with the fact that a lot of their subs have a double hull. A submarine within a slightly bigger submarine of the same shape. A submarine matryoshka. The Japanese also had a really big submarine in WW2, the I-400 class. It was kinda like they welded submarines together to build it. The reason it was so big was because it was a freaking **submarine aircraft carrier**. It could sneak in under water, surface, and launch planes from the deck with this catapult-like system. To get back in they had a crane (the planes were specially adjusted seaplanes, so they would land in the water and taxi towards the sub). It didn't turned out to be effective though. 1 I-400 could only hold IIRC 3 planes, and with conventional bombs and the (lack of) accuracy of the bombing back then... Not a game changer. However, the concept of it was terrifying. If it carried like biological weapons or had more precise ways of bombing... It really was something new. Especially considering ballistic missiles were in its infancy.
Although I'm a fan of 90% of the games you mentioned, The Swapper and Mark of the Ninja kinda stood out to me. They are good games but to say the story was good..? The stories in those games kinda take a back seat don't you think? The Swapper has basically 1 interesting "twist", and although I loved Mark of the Ninja, I can barely remember the story.. Something about your ninja clan being betrayed and now you gotta take revenge..? But yeah, **What Remains of Edith Finch**, **Firewatch** and **Valiant Hearts** are freaking great when it comes to writing. And although Valiant Hearts doesn't have like a deep plot, if does an excellent job of translating the horrors of war.
I wasn't much of a fan of Bioshock 2's writing tbh. I guess it just felt weird that after all the events of Bioshock 1, you suddenly learn about another adversary in Rapture that played a major role, but she was never mentioned in Bioshock 1.... Felt a bit odd.
Ik heb vroeger nog gehad dat de winkelier mij Half-Life niet wilde verkopen, want er stond 18+ op de doos. Volgens mij was de game in Nederlands eigenlijk geclassificeerd als 16+ of iets , maar sinds er op de doos (die ouderwetse grote kartonnen) iets ander stond wilde hij geen risico lopen. Ik weet nog dat ik en mijn vriend dat erg grappig vonden, want buiten het feit dat er nog nooit moeilijk was gedaan over de leeftijdsgrens, was dit **ergens rond 2006**, en Half-Life was grafisch al hopeloos verouderd. Het zag er al totaal niet meer schokkend uit doordat iedereen veel betere graphics gewend was. Een beetje alsof je een oude film kijkt met verouderde special effects die vroeger misschien schokkend waren, maar waar de kijker vandaag de dag om lacht. Dit was overigens niet een game speciaal zaak of een speelgoed winkel, maar in een electronica zaak die in een hoekje een klein assortiment aan games had. Verklaard misschien waarom de winkelier het zo serieus nam: Hij verkoopt misschien zelden games, en vooral niet aan jonge tieners. Het was namelijk totaal *niet* een winkel waar je heen zou gaan voor de games. De helft van het games assortiment bestond uit oude B-games (die allemaal maar een tientje ofzo kosten) en werk simulators uit Duitsland. Ze hadden zelden de nieuwe releases ofzo. De verkoop van games was duidelijk een kleine bijzaak voor deze winkel. Iets waar ze de klanten die net een desktop van ze hebben gekocht nog even op wijzen. 'Bedankt voor uw aankoop! Oja, we hebben daar nog wat computerspelletjes staan. Misschien dat er iets leuks bij zit voor op uw nieuwe computer!'. Verklaard ook waarom ze nog Half-Life verkochten (en in de ouderwetse doos no less) in 2006. Winkels die zich meer of puur op games richten hadden die schapruimte al lang gebruikt voor modernere titels. Het gekke was wel weer: Eens in de zoveel tijd hadden ze wel iets speciaals. Ik wilde graag de HL2 Collector's edition en die was schijnbaar vrij zeldzaam want de game speciaal zaken in mijn buurt hadden ze niet (ze waren meer op consoles gefocused). De enige winkel die ze wel had? Die electronica zaak. Hoe en waarom heeft de winkel die geen kut om games geeft die collectors box wel, en die hebben de specialisten ze niet?:P
&gt; De 18 jaar classificatie is voor producties met extreem geweld en harde porno. Tot nu toe kregen ook die producties een 16 jaar classificatie. Porno is/was voor 16 jaar en ouder? Of bedoelen ze puur pornografische scenes in non-porno?
&gt; Mass Media Studies 'Sounds sweet you could pick that as a class!' &gt; as an extracurricular activity 'Eh, I rather play more video games.' Seriously though, sounds cool! Wish my school had something like that.
In Iron Man I think it's the twist that helps making him so memorable. You go from viewing him as some dangerous international terrorist master mind to some pathetic drug-addicted simpleton in the course of a few minutes. I know some people hated that twist but I kinda liked it.
To name some other excellent holocaust related movies: * La Vita È Bella (Life is Beautiful) * The Boy in the Striped Pajamas * Son of Saul Also recommended: Persona Non Grata
I would highly recommend the movie. But yeah, I understand why some people have double feelings. I totally agree with that art should be separated from the artist and all, and that appreciating the art of a bad person doesn't make me bad or anything like that, but it can still feel weird.
Half bro's represent!
Sorry Ms Clinton I didn't knew who you were. Please, do continue robbing me!
That makes it even weirder. So he didn't actually need the picture except for metaphorical purposes, but despite getting porn results was hell bound on not stopping the search until he found the right picture nonetheless xD. And I also like how no one in your story apparently suggested he might want to put "Roman" in his query as well.
Especially considering that he probably only reads complaints all day. I mean, no one is gonna go on twitter praising how the bus was perfectly on time. People only tend to tweet the bus company if something went wrong. So seeing a question like this between all the shit must be a delight.
That was also the camp with the quarry, and where they made prisoners go up these steps with heavy rocks right? That one sounded like the worst by far witha all the torture going on. It makes death by gassing seem like the preferable option.
I have sometimes wondered about that too. How they would know in general if not for archives and registration. And this guy being "found out"? That's some bad fucking luck on top of already being very unlucky.
If hollywood movies and sitcoms are to be believed, being uncut seems to be the exception in the U.S. Which I thought was kinda weird, because most people are Christian, so if not for religious purposes, what is the point? I sometimes heard the hygiene argument, but that made a lot more sense back in like the year 1150. Not so much in 2020 where people generally shower daily.
Ca. 110 euro... Veel duurder dan vliegen maar dat valt me eigenlijk nog mee.
She should just come to terms with it and launch a line of bbq's and grills. Own up to it!
That looks really unsettling.
They did, but this is an alien inmate of area 51.
If your stuntman ever says: 'I don't need a speedometer. I'll wing it', hire a new stuntman
"A few people disagreed with this comment, therefore it's wrong!"
Would've 100% done the same thing. "Yup", "Yeah for sure", "Yeah good plan". Just roll with it for the moment.
Nanomachines son!
It's natural selection. Now the short people can't get their money for groceries and will starve.
Congrats! And I love the design with the engines on the side like that!
Bet there is at least one lesbian out there who would be into that.
'I don't have guys walking in every day asking for Rolex Oyster Cosmograph's you know *hehehehe*.'
'I don't have guys walking in every day asking for Rolex Oyster Cosmograph's you know *hehehehe*.'
'I don't have guys walking in every day asking for Rolex Oyster Cosmograph's you know *hehehehe*.'
I think most people are aware of that, but on Pawn Stars it wasn't uncommon to offer like 25% of the value the expert just gave. I understand they want to make a nice profit but sometimes they seem really cheap.
I think most people are aware of that, but on Pawn Stars it wasn't uncommon to offer like 25% of the value the expert just gave. I understand they want to make a nice profit but sometimes they seem really cheap.
Right? I have never seen this show (was aware it existed but that's it) and it's a freaking delight how it's made compared to Pawn Stars and the like. Not all these cuts or dramatic pauses. Not waiting around to give a number until *after* commercials. Just some guy calmly explaining the background of this watch, with some nice close-up shots in between.
Right? I have never seen this show (was aware it existed but that's it) and it's a freaking delight how it's made compared to Pawn Stars and the like. Not all these cuts or dramatic pauses. Not waiting around to give a number until *after* commercials. Just some guy calmly explaining the background of this watch, with some nice close-up shots in between.
That's a pretty common game to see at fun fares here. Only it's camels instead of horses for some reason. [pic](https://images1.persgroep.net/rcs/x-2Bxl2XTX10bxfCL8SQ-_CPQIY/diocontent/153127658/_fill/1200/900/?appId=21791a8992982cd8da851550a453bd7f&amp;quality=0.9).
Doesn't he have his armor on for most of it though? Idk, I never really saw him as some Wolverine type character in that regard. For sure stronger and being able to take more abuse, but no regeneration. IMO his shield is like half of his physical threat. But above all, he's also the plan and leader guy. Coordinating the fight and all. I thought that was cool about him too: He stays cool under pressure and is always on the mission. Like, if they would make some kind of Avengers RPG, I see Captain America as more of a support/dps mix character that gives the other party members great status effects, and once in a while does some big attack.
Ik zal zo eens kijken. Ik wilde trouwens ook niet zeggen dat ze net zoveel privileges moeten krijgen ofzo. Gewoon hier en daar kleine vrijstellingen voor zaken die hun militaire training niet schaadt, en waarvoor genoeg andere mensen zijn.
Ik had het ietsje later weer ja. Raar.
To be fair her: We don't know if the GF also gave her BF hell or maybe broke up. Doesn't make this person less trashy if she slept with him knowing he has/had a girlfriend. And I do think the BF is the bigger asshole for sure. But if she knew about the BF but didn't care, that's also really shitty.
What makes all the difference here: You didn't know. If the person in the post did know, that's also really shitty. If you find out the only decent thing you can do IMO is letting the spouse know.
It's a classic at the fun fares in the Netherlands. In fact, when I google searched for "Kamelenrace" (camel race) I got way more pictures of the game than an actual camel race. https://www.google.com/search?q=kamelenrace&amp;client=firefox-b-d&amp;source=lnms&amp;tbm=isch&amp;sa=X&amp;ved=2ahUKEwjujeWDvqfnAhVEjqQKHUa3AXMQ_AUoAXoECA8QAw&amp;biw=1920&amp;bih=1058
What do you as a defense attorney think about adjusting it? I personally agree with that the way it's currently used takes it way too far, but it's also used for good things such as taking assets from robbers and drug dealers. I guess that might be a hard question though. So many things to take into account.
IIRC he somehow got guardianship over a young teenager, and as soon as she turned 16 he drove her to another state to legally be able to have sex with her. So since he was also the guardian it wasn't against the law to transport her across states. Legally that's like your parents taking you.
Het heette volgens mij inderdaad iets van "urgentieverklaring" ja. Hetzelfde (of niet veel anders) dan waar autochtone Nederlanders ook aanspraak op zouden kunnen maken onder de juiste omstandigheden. Maarja, stel je bent een jongvolwassenen die nog bij zijn of haar ouders woont; dan ben je geen prioriteit. Ik snap waarom je dat in zo'n geval geen noodgeval bent, maar het kan inderdaad frustrerend zijn dat je maar geen betaalbare woning kan vinden. Van wat ik begrijp zijn dit dezelfde woningen die anders voor sociale huur voor niet-immigranten zou worden gebruikt, dus to be fair, het hele 'ze nemen onze woningen in' sentiment van sommige facebooktokkies is eigenlijk niet eens heel ver gezocht aan het einde van de dag. Maar via die persoon ken ik ook de verhalen van veel van die mensen. Een arts in Damascus de ene dag, een vluchteling de andere. Mensen uit Syrie, Irak, en Eritrea vormden zo'n 95% van zijn clienten. Dat mensen uit de eerste 2 weg wilden spreekt vrij voor zich denk ik als je het nieuws volgt, en in die derde heeft het regime een dienstplicht die letterlijk 30+ jaar kan duren. Ik snap goed dat het humaan gezien goed is dat ze voorrang krijgen. En wettelijk gezien: Want hij hielp immers mensen die net hadden te horen te kregen dat ze Nederlands werden. Qua persoonlijk mening zit ik in het midden denk ik. Ik hoop dat we altijd de mensen die het nodig hebben kunnen helpen, van waar ook ter wereld. Maar de overheid moet het tekort in woningen echt eens aanpassen. Ik zou bijna zeggen: Klaag niet over anti-immigratie sentimenten binnen de bevolking als je vrijwel geen kut doet aan de negatieve gevolgen ervan, toch?
'I'm a ~~scatman~~ dopeman' 🎵
I knew that couldn't be the only one that saw the mug shot and thought: 'seems about right'. I know I shouldn't stereotype but he totally looks like a stoner.
&gt; "fat pink mast" Thanks, now I have water all up my nose.
Interesting. I should post that on TIL.
Will Smith is.. Moaning Myrtle! Rated PG13
A real Pikocha
What a surprise
For when you want to snipe someone at point blank range..?
&gt; 30 seconden later wordt er een CRT-tv naar beneden geflikkerd. Blijkbaar was dat niet de bedoeling, want er wordt behoorlijk geschreeuwd. No shit xD. Al is het alleen al voor de potentiele glasscherven die overal terecht komen.
De kleren moeten wel matchen voor op facebook he!
Doortrekken of niet, het kan nog steeds een stank opleveren. Zelfs als beide ramen open staan: Als mijn vader heeft gescheten kom ik de eerste 10 minuten niet in de buurt van het toilet.
Misschien wilde de mensen die jou kozen wat leven in de brouwerij brengen.
Anonymously send this to her boss. And if he doesn't act, send it to the entire office so he will be forced to act.
1st of februari: EU: 'All island nations with English as the main language get a 1000% increase in taxes.' UK: 'Fuck...'
Danny kinda forgot about the existence of dragonglass.
Moest ik ook al aan denken ja. Ik zie het personeel ook veel gebruik maken van die rookzones. Die moeten nu dus ook een andere plek zoeken. Ik zie het al voor me dat je 50 meter naast de ingang van alle stations kliekjes NS-personeel ziet roken.
Dat is een probleem met de rookvakken: Veel staan in domme locaties waardoor mensen gedwongen zijn er langs te komen.
Precies ja. Het zou averechts kunnen werken. Nu staan ze doorgaans nog allemaal op dezelfde plek. Natuurlijk is er af en toe de aso die overal rookt, maar de meeste rokers staan bij elkaar. Met een totaalverbod kan het gebeuren dat ze straks over heel het perron verspreid staan.
Never finished the game because I lost my save :(, but I did manage to get the cyclops. And yeah, I ended up not using it a lot because of the fear of getting it destroyed. It took me ages to acquire the necessary resources and I didn't want that go to waste. I used it as a mobile base a bit, but never to actually explore.
Isn't most, if not all technology that in essence? Computers are more or less manipulating loads of parts with electricity. What would the cut-off point be, where something becomes too complicated to work or smt.
Tom Cruise reportedly is also very nice to all the crew members he works with, from co-stars to the cleaning people. In general everyone that met him says he's really nice. I just can't forget the creepy scientology stuff.
Thing with ETS2 is though: It's just mindless driving while listening to a podcast or the radio. It's really zen. I have only played an hour or so of Farming Simulator but I can already tell there is a way bigger management and planning aspect here.
Fair point hoor. Maar zoals ik in een paar posts in deze threads ook heb gezegd: Zet die rookzones soieso gewoon liever op betere plaatsen neer waar nooit iemand anders hoeft te komen. En uitzondering, kan gebeuren.
I can't really remember as we only saw it for like 30 seconds.
From the wiki: &gt; and the student body frequently shouts "nuke 'em" at sporting events. I guess the Ethnic Cleansers changed that to "gas 'em".
I just saw a news article about the things that the EU will miss. Not money wise, but monuments, the amount of English speakers, free access to British oversea territories, churches, the largest library in Europe, those kind of little facts.. It's a shame. One was a bit funny though: The percentage of morbidly obese people in the EU drops by 0.2.
Precies. De vraagstelling is vrij cruciaal bij enquetes maar schiet toch vrij vaak tekort. Als de data op tig manieren is te interpeteren, kan je soms alleen maar concluderen dat de enquete niet goed is. Daarom is het belangrijk altijd de rauwe data ook te laten zien. Wij hebben bijvoorbeeld zo'n opblaasbad (2000 liter ofzo dacht ik), en die gebruiken we eens in de 2 á 4 jaar even tijdens de hittegolf. Dus stel: Ze vragen mij of ik er een heb, dan is het antwoord ja. Wil niet zeggen dat ik het vaak gebruik. Echter zie ik dit nou niet bepaald als een 'zwembad-in-de-achtertuin' huishouden voor dat ene weekje in de zomer van 2018 en 2016. Dus stel de vraag zou zijn: 'Heeft U een zwembad in de achtertuin?', dan zou ik denk ik automatisch "nee" antwoorden zonder over dat opblaasbad na te denken. En dat terwijl die pieken zo belangrijk zijn (dat veel mensen tegelijk hun bad zouden vullen), dus zo zou het ook mis kunnen gaan. &amp;nbsp; Wat nog wel eens gebeurd is dat de enquete wel goed was, maar dat een journalist slecht is. Als gevolg wordt (danwel per ongeluk) de data niet goed gepresenteerd. Voorbeeldje: Wij hebben een koffiezetapparaat maar gebruiken die zo goed als nooit (alleen bezoek). Misschien blijkt uit een enquete dat 70% van de huishoudens een koffiezetapparaat hebben. Vervolgens schrijft een journalist "Nederlanders zijn echte koffieliefhebbers, want 70% heeft een koffiezetapparaat." Zo werkt niet. Het kan weliswaar een goede indicatie zijn, maar het is geen absolute conclusie dat iedereen ook daadwerkelijk dat apparaat vaak gebruikt.
&gt; de op één na grootste landbouw exporteur ter wereld is Kleine kanttekening: Dit is in waarde in euro's, niet kwantiteit. Het ene product is veel meer waard dan het andere. Van wat ik begrijp is de bloemenindustrie bijvoorbeeld erg groot hier. Verbruikt niet veel water per m^2, maar is wel veel waard. Dat draagt ook bij aan die landbouw export getallen. Ik wil trouwens niet zeggen dat het wel mee valt ofzoiets hoor. Maar dat feitje wordt nog wel eens geinterpreteerd alsof wij gigantische hoeveelheden voedsel voorzien. Waar het een beetje op neerkomt: De ene m^2 landbouwgrond is de andere niet.
I think I have it installed because I needed it for a different building mod to work, but I never really took a good look. Thanks for the tip!
Same. The bridge, the general shape, that area below where the archery tourneys are held.
Fun fact: As that scene was real, that might exactly be what happened when the professional domino guys constructed it. Accidently knocking stuff over isn't uncommon.
How can he be disqualified if he never qualified? Isn't it basically trespassing at this point?
Some government branch that polices the police would already be of great help. But that's also not enough I think. If that 'protect our own' culture maintains, that might just result in the local police destroying/tempering with evidence so that they can't be reprimanded for any misconduct by those who would police *them*. It's a toxic culture, and I think it's hard to fix that. But I think a step in the right direction would be to set up plenty of ways to report the misconduct of other police officers as anonymously as possible. Maybe even have some kind of safety net (so that the force you work for can't fuck you over for reporting one of the other officers. Or that if they do, some federal organization has your back). Not sure how exactly that should look out. But it's clear something needs to be done. That has been clear for decades (if not centuries) now. We need to talk about reforms.
Niet een heel verkeerde aanpak vind ik. Alhoewel je er ook gewoon even omheen kan draaien natuurlijk. Niet erkennen noch ontkennen.
At least he remembered to put a little flag at the end I guess.
It seems like he did his best, I have to give him that. I still don't want this car anywhere near a highway though. Slow transport only.
The dream of some office workers.
I used to think this too but you actually don't! https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Autorotation &gt; In normal powered helicopter flight, air is drawn into the main rotor system from above and exhausted downward, but during autorotation, air moves up into the rotor system from below as the helicopter descends. Autorotation is permitted mechanically because of both a freewheeling unit, which allows the main rotor to continue turning even if the engine is not running, as well as aerodynamic forces of relative wind maintaining rotor speed. It is the means by which a helicopter can land safely in the event of complete engine failure. Consequently, all single-engine helicopters must demonstrate this capability to obtain a type certificate. Simply said: You can glide same as an airplane. And you don't need as much space to land. &gt; The longest autorotation in history was performed by Jean Boulet in 1972 when he reached a record altitude of 12,440 m (40,814 ft) You can basically drop a helicopter without engine from 12+ km and it can land perfectly fine. Well, probably a bit rougher than normal. But you'll easily survive.
It was an error to fly in those conditions. That normally shouldn't happen. Helicopters are actually very safe.
Can't provide examples right now but the biggest danger is that the pilot might already be too low to perform an autorotation. You basically need to fall a bit to get your rotors up to speed, and use that momentum to "break" at the right moment when you approach the ground. If you're low you simply don't have enough height. From what I understand in the case of Kobe's flight, the pilot probably didn't even see the ground until he was about to crash into it. Again: Terrible flying conditions. The big error was taking off in the first place. I feel bad for the pilots family for losing someone but yeah, he should've never tried it.
They said you could guess who owned this gun by checking if they had a black eye.
Barber shops recently opened around here (still with a limited amount of customers) and I haven't been in like 7 or 8 months, but I'm considering waiting till my hair is long enough to donate. Might still be a few months and I look kinda homeless already but a video like this really makes it seem worth it.
He should know this stuff ain't free but to be fair: he didn't nag you about it after finding out it isn't. Just an immediate 'best i can do is post a link' and he said sorry.
I knew this movie had this reputation of being really depressing but I wasn't prepared for such a gut-punch. I had only seen My neighbor Totoro, Spirited Away, and Princess Mononoke so far. I guess I somewhat expected this to be the 'Mufasa dying' scene times two (on an emotional level). It was more like times 100.
That was actually kinda frustrating. But I would never be TeamAunt though. Even if she thought the kid was lazy, how fucking dares she to put a toddler out on the street.
Is it actually good? I tend to avoid most Dutch movies because the quality is often... Let's say questionable. In any case, he (Michiel de Ruyter) is definitely worth reading about. He started at the very bottom, worked his way up (something for which his men very much respected him), and became arguably the best admiral of his time. His raid on medway remains the biggest defeat the Royal Navy ever endured. He sailed up the Thames, landed marines, set fire and destroyed most of the English fleet, and as an extra "fuck you" he towed the English flagship back home as a trophy. He basically saved the country by defeating or turn away the stronger English-French combined fleet multiple times. The war on land was still going crappy but partially because he kept winning at sea, the Dutch Republic could settle for relatively good peace terms in the end. If 2 of the biggest powers in the world have a tough time, that's a strong signal.
Ik heb dat argument eerder gehoord, maar ik vind het vrij belachelijk. A: Het is niet alsof die surveillanten getrained zijn in de echtheidskenmerken van ID. Ze checken hooguit of je kop met je pasfoto matched. En B: Al waren ze wel getrained, het is niet alsof je dat zo snel even zou kunnen zien via de webcam. Alsof je een bankmedewerker vraagt of je briefje echt is op basis van een lage kwaliteit foto.
Not surprised he said that. Making the party synonymous with the country. So that if you speak up about them, it's seen as talking shit about the entire country and its people. That's part of what makes their propaganda so effective I think.
Was thinking the same. I somehow never forgot the day my dad zipped up my coat for me real quick and my bottom lip got stuck in it.
This is never gonna happen but it would be hilarious if China indeed finally got full control, but the entire place is deserted and stripped of everything valuable. They had a major trading hub but by pushing it they are only left with this ghost town.
Simply put: After a war China agreed Great-Britain was allowed to lease the HK area for 99 years but it was still part of China. When that lease was ending everyone involved agreed there would still be 50 years as a transition period so to say. The so-called "1 country 2 systems". They would still have their own laws, but the idea was to slowly streamline everything with mainland China. What the HK protests are about is a measure that would hand over a lot sovereignty way before the 50 year period. Sure there are some HK citizens that prefer complete independence, but from what I understand the argument was never really whether or not it's part of China. I bet most people agree it is. It's about the CCP extracting a lot of influence sort of prematurely according to a lot of HK citizens.
Komen er dan vantevoren eerst een aantal grote pakken binnen om de boel even te bekijken enzo?
I don't see a rocket crashing. This is not the KSC I remember. 3/10 On a serious note: nice job!
You have to be the last season. I'm sorry.
Toen het open ging was een 3D filmpje nog een redelijk unieke ervaring. Toen kwam Avatar uit en gingen ineens alle grote studios hele films maken in 3D. Pandadroom had wel wat extra leuke effecten die je niet in de bioscoop hebt, maar het concept is gewoon niet zo speciaal meer als het was. Ik vond het ergens ook niet zo goed bij het park passen. Het thema van het park is sprookjes, mythes, en magie. Daar kan je allerlei leuke en creatieve kanten mee uit. Maar wat voor filmpje hadden ze? Een Wereld Natuur Fonds promo.
Toen ik klein was was Carnaval Festival wel een van de hoogtepunten van de dag. Maar inderdaad, ze kunnen er makkelijk iets anders voor in de plaats zetten.
Wat iemand anders hier in de post zei vond ik wel interessant: Dat sommige mensen zich persoonlijk aangevallen voelen omdat ze als kind er plezier mee hadden. Ze hebben genoten van iets wat racistisch was, dus kan het aanvoelen alsof zij indirect racist worden genoemd. Hoeft helemaal niet zo te zijn natuurlijk! Maar ik geloof best dat het in het achterhoofd van sommige mensen speelt, ook al hebben ze dat zelf niet eens echt door. Op die manier kan het persoonlijk voelen.
Doesn't Sweden still has kroners?
Really? I thought people generally aren't happy with how the covid is being handled.
Got it on sale last Christmas and still haven't played it (partially due to PC problems). Your comment really hyped me up! I knew I would probably like it after seeing that intro in which some computer starts to spew out exposure, and the main character just destroys the screen. A clear message this is the type of game where you can just turn off your brain and go. No need to be all serious.
Ik wist niet eens hoe het gedrocht heette maar ik kreeg bij het lezen van de titel onmiddelijk een idee over welke auto je het had. Misschien dat de naam "Multipla" al een hint is, want het lijkt er inderdaad op alsof er twee (multi) auto's op elkaar zijn ge**pla**kt.
Gezien ik alleen maar goede dingen over Toyota hoor denk ik dat ik daar naar ga kijken als 1e auto.
De wielen zien er gelukkig wel wat langer en breder uit dan die van zo'n stuntstepje.
If I remember his quote correctly 'I had rather invented something useful like a lawn mower'.
'It means they love you Mr. President!'
I used to be not able to stand it, but it really helped me drink way less soda, and now I kinda like it. For anyone that doesn't like the super sparkly kind; Maybe give the less sparkly kind a try.
I know cash machines accept those (I think they accept all the major ones) but not that long ago at a store of one of the biggest supermarket chains they couldn't do it (he had Visa). He had to use the ATM in the store. I know they become more and more accepted, but like you say: I would recommend people to at least have some cash just in case.
Are you sure? Alright. BRING OUT THE FLÜGGÅӘNKб€ČHIŒßØLĮÊN!
'How can she hlp!?'
You know the product is crap if they insist it shouldn't be labeled differently. If it was good, they would proudly want to display that.
Is this really a secret? All the ones here have big aigns telling customers this.
Chances are she didn't. A lot of places are franchises. But they have to follow the policy nontheless. Similar how a McDonalds owner has to honor coupons, even if they didn't give them.
I wouldn't be surprised there are people hanging around until they see they can be 4th. PS: alcohol doesn't count. They probably had one too many alcoholics coming with 10 crates of beer.
Subcribed to aluminium soda cans producer facts.
Ken ik nog wel uit de Efteling.
Locks are merely deterrents. It's never gonna stop everything. People once locked my bicycles on a chain. This isn't uncommon tactic for thieves: Lock nice bicycles during the day, hope the owners leave them for now, and steal them at night. I just returned with this big cutter meant for thick branches, and it went through it like butter.
Reminds me of the Postal Service in a way. Not the land ownership obviously, but that they are really running their own ship: Having their own police, everything is federally protected, etc. Any disruption or tempering with mail and the delivery thereof is taken very seriously.
sploosh
After his killing spree he decided to do something good and became Batman?
Ah. That explains why my internal conversation was with some obnoxious idiot.
Eh.. Iets wat er lelijk uit ziet is niet persé trashy vind ik. Het een sluit het ander niet uit, maar het is niet hetzelfde. Ik denk bij trashy eerder aan Lonsdale ofzo. Niet persé lelijke kleren, maar het merk heeft nu eenmaal een bepaald imago.
There is that saying: 'the more complicated something is the more can go wrong'. You probably don't want to have missilelaunch.exe on Windows or whatever OS. What if they discover a bug and you have to update? What if there is some spy working at Microsoft that could hide some code in there? Just keep the system as bare bones as possible, coded from the ground up, and you don't have to worry about that. Like you say: A single purpose computer.
Wouldn't that come with the risk of someone reverse engineering your shit, patents it, and now *you're* not allowed to produce it this way anymore?
Same here, *but*, I definitely knew girls that really liked horses and would want one if they could.
In terms of the healing process I think Viggo got the shorter end of the stick though.
But they had their own studio right there in New Zealand right? Were they too far away from it, or was it occupied at the time? I remember reading that was one of their big advantages compared to a lot of other productions where they have to shoot abroad: Often they shoot some of the indoor and greenscreen stuff in a studio in hollywood, then do the shoots abroad (or the other way around if that works better. Point being: first one, then the other). But the LOTR production could be more flexible with that because the studio was not that far away. 'A shitty weather forecast for the next 2 days? Alright, let's do these greenscreen shots while we wait.'
Shelley Duvall basically gave up acting partially because of this movie IIRC.
Somewhat similar: Remembering song lyrics. Sometimes you *have* to go from the start. If I e.g. want to remember what was being said at 1:10, I have to replay that early part in my mind first.
Boredom. It was just to entertain himself and others.
Loved it!
'Onyx, I choose you!'
'Shit. He's unarmed so shooting him would be excessive. I guess we have to do with beating the shit out of him.'
Or why they just don't simply use pens instead of damn quills. Or in general: At which point technology starts to fail in and around Hogwarts because of magic. The Hogwarts express is fine, but I guess one could say it stops far away from Hogwarts. The clock tower though? Relatively easy technology, but then again: So is the concept of a gun.
There is definitely this superiority element. But it seems like muggle born wizards/witches (or half) isn't exactly a rare thing at this school. People that grew up for 11-12 years with muggle technology. Arthur Weasley is actually the greatest pioneer in this regard, even though he might seem naive to us initially. On a broom you're still exposed to the elements. Sure wizards could cast a spell to cover or dry themselves, but this dude made a car fly. Now you don't have to get wet and maybe get a hemorrhoid from sitting on a stick! It's truly brilliant. Anyway, I guess my point is that there should be plenty of students there that know of the advantages of a damn ballpoint pen. Even though magic makes plenty of technology unnecessary, it's not like the wizard world has no clue about some of the advantages (steam train), so that can seem a bit.. off. But in the end like the other guy said: One shouldn't overthink this universe. Just have fun with it.
Right? Say about magic what you want, but I feel like combining stuff makes the best of both worlds.
That's how you get killdozer 2.0.
"Who is this 4chan guy?"
Maybe he thought that code name would get more attention, indirectly also bringing more attention to the story itself.
Reminds me of that scene in Enemy at the Gates. They have these guys with a spool on their back, and they have to crawl through a sniper infested area to fix communications.
Not him, but I also didn't fully get it (not being a native English speaker doesn't help). I always took it as sort of a variation of: 'if it works it's not stupid'. Most people in the movie call him stupid before he has the chance to prove himself or his ideas.
To add some context: IIRC one of the reasons for that is that there was quite a bit of discrimination against Italian Americans. Bringing up the guy that discovered America, and who could be regarded the first European in the New World (no one knew the vikings had been there earlier yet) was good PR. A great mascot for the Italian community! Except for all the genocide and rape, but people didn't knew that yet either.
-Before stealing food. Seagulls are dicks.
Seems like that gray bus is mostlyfucking everyone over. Who the fuck blocks a tram?
I agree that he definitely got the tension right, I and really think it's a great movie, but I kinda get the criticism. It seems like it's "only" about 500-1000 men, not hundreds of thousands. I think that if the beaches were more filled up, it would've added to the tension ('will they have enough space on the boats? It doesn't look like it..'). Again, great movie. But yeah, it does kinda miss the chaotic element and scale of the evacuation.
&gt; It's funny how this very small area in Bohemia feels bigger than this huge countries and continents of other modern RPGs. I think because of a few reasons * A lot of places feel very unique. They do copypaste some stuff of course, but a large part of the towns seem handcrafted. Tailored. It's one of a kind. Although I loved e.g. Oblivion, you often saw the same buildings over and over again. Very copy-pasted. Even though you are in a different town, it kinda feels like all the others (this is what Skyrim improved on very well IMO: Most towns really had their own ambience and feel). * Traveling is not a walk in the park in this game. You can always get ambushed, and every fight can mean the end of you (even later in game if you aren't paying enough attention). So because it can be quite the obstacle to travel from place to place, it feels further away and more remote. The harder a goal is, the further away it feels. * The game doesn't make it easy to ignore the paths and just go straight to your target. Lots of hills, hedges, rivers... They kinda force you to take the regular path. And unlike most RPG's, night doesn't just mean everything is a bit darker. You literally can't see shit. This is kinda related to the previous point: Because traveling at night is a nightmare, other places feel more distant. * The whole roleplay experience of the game (all the previous points add to this experience). If I feel like I'm in a real world I tend to take things more seriously. If I want to travel far, I stock up, sleep well, sharpen my blade, repair, etc.. In games where I don't really give a damn I would sometimes just go and I wouldn't really care. But because I'm really into the game I prepare, which makes traveling feel way more like an actual journey/adventure I'm undertaking.
I saw it had mixed reviews so I haven't bought it. Was thinking about maybe getting it on sale one day.
For what is more or less a twist on the slasher genre or the likes of Jaws in a 1997 movie... Not too bad I'd say. And it's clear they physical effects (animatronics) where they could.
Same here, but I'm always a sucker for 'fish out of water' type of situations, and this movie had plenty of that. And semi related: I really like stories in which 2 different worlds meet (in this case mostly through Thor).
I guess my point is: He didn't need bending or more other skills to stand out. He already proved himself on several occasions. Don't get me wrong: It was cool to see him becoming a swordsman! But I never considered him 'second rate' before that.
Well done!
Was he actually antagonizing and interfering though? Just talking about the movies by the way, since I haven't read the books in over 10 years. His only real "beef" seems to be with Ron, and it was gonna be either Ron or him on the team. No problems with the rest of the team as far as I can tell. And I put "beef" into quotation marks because it's a freaking tryout. Of course we as the audience want to see Ron succeed so we hope this arrogant guy fails, but there is no real rivalry or anything. And sure, he wants to get together with Hermione, which we also don't like about him. But on the surface that also wouldn't interfere with the team. Just saying: Even though we like someone arrogant be put down and our hero succeed, it's not exactly deserved IMO. He got screwed over, plain and simple.
Do you mean at gunpoint?
I also like to add: Even if it's some big chain store that could easily afford the loss: If it's located in a mainly black neighborhood, you can assume members of your community have jobs there. Store gone means jobs gone, until they can rebuild it all (And if the store already wasn't bringing in a lot of money, HQ might just decide to give up on it altogether).
Forget the dick. It's the balls that can get any man on his knees crying.
I heard rubber lips are immune to someone's charms.
Can't find the clip right now but one of the Jackass guys, Preston (the fat one), got shot in the ass by one of these (or something very similar). The bruise was gigantic. And he got it on his ass, where there's a large layer of fat. Imagine taking one in the ribs or in your face.
Johnny Knoxville also did something like this, but with a more serious projectile. He wore Kevlar on his upper chest and around his crotch and upper legs, leaving only his belly exposed so that would be the only place he could get hit. What Preston got was basically a giant rubber bullet. And it almost hit his balls.
Een grotere wereld lijkt me erg tof! Maar pas op dat je niet teveel hooi op je vork neemt. De 1e Pokemon game is gemaakt door een compleet team professionals. Maak misschien eerst een kleiner prototype en denk er nog eens over na. Het is altijd meer werkt als het lijkt. Liever iets kleiners wat af komt dan iets groters dat nooit af komt. Wat het grootste voordeel is aan het vasthouden van de Pokemon formule: Het balanceren voor de game is voor een groot deel al voor je gedaan. Dat scheelt veel testruns en getweak met de moeilijkheidsgraad van de gevechten. Dus als je dan inderdaad voor meer steden gaat, ga dan voor het dubbele zou ik zeggen. Dan heb je nog steeds Pokemon gen 2 als richtlijn (aangezien die game ook Kento bevatte) qua balancering. Scheelt echt veel werk. Edit: Bedenk je ook dat het gevoel van progressie minder en minder wordt hoe verder je komt. Je pokemon stijgen minder snel in level, zijn waarschijnlijk al uitgeëvolueerd, en er zijn geen tot weinig nieuwe aanvallen die je nog kan leren... Na de 5e of 6e gym zitten veel spelers al enigszins vastgeroest in hun team (de enige uitzondering is eventuele Legendaries die je nog niet hebt). Kwaliteit &gt; Kwantiteit.
Exactly! People often don't want to hear it, and to be fair: Sometimes it's just a bad timing to bring it up. But yeah, there is a very good reason they still get paid pending the investigation. Innocent until proven guilty is a right every person must have. Sometimes it seems asinine when guilt seems clear (like when the news keeps saying "alleged" even though there is a clear video of the criminal doing it), but it's not official until the judge has a verdict.
After the gunpowder plot they probably don't like the idea of having a pretty publicly accessible tunnel under the parliament building.
A while back I discovered a spot exactly like that in AC: Syndicate. [Link](https://old.reddit.com/r/GamePhysics/comments/fl8pvc/ac_syndicate_this_spot_doesnt_seem_to_like/) Sometimes it was pretty mild. Other times it launched me to the other side of the map and beyond.
Found something similar in [AC: Syndicate](https://old.reddit.com/r/GamePhysics/comments/fl8pvc/ac_syndicate_this_spot_doesnt_seem_to_like/) Sometimes the launches weren't that impressive. Other times I got launched into space.
It's mainly the crazy stories I'm doubting.. I've heard people claim they literally saw elephants fly and whatnot. With those kind of stories I tend to lean towards bullshit. From what I understand it's *extremely* rare to actually see very vivid things. It's more like seeing colors, wiggly lines, blurriness, that sort of thing. Like photoshop filters.
Fair enough. For some people it's never enough. Just pointing out that she could've divorced him ages ago and still live the good life.
TIL! Although I wouldn't go as far to call it a Nazi drink. It was an American company with a plant in Germany, and the plant manager (who wasn't a Nazi nor was under supervision of the Nazi's) had to look at other options to keep the plant running after they were cut of ingredients because of the war. Sure it was developed in Nazi Germany, but plenty of companies still operated autonomously or at least semi-autonomously under the regime. And of course so did several ammunition and weapon manufacturers, but this plant made soft drinks... Also take this tidbit: &gt; Keith was ordered by a German general to rename the subsidiary but he refused Seems he just wanted to keep the plant running and nothing more, and you could even say he stayed loyal (in a sense) to Coca-Cola by refusing to rename.
I learned about this burial site of Soviet Soldiers in the Netherlands not too long ago. One of my first questions was: 'How did Soviet soldiers ended up here?'. Well, it first started with purposely selected POW's. Mongolians, Uzbekistanians, Kazachs... Basically people that don't look caucasian. The goal of the Nazi occupiers was to show the Dutch people what kind of "untermenschen" our Russian Allies were. So they were brought here purely for propaganda, and they died of mistreatment. To give a silver lining to this depressive story: The reason I know about this was because a journalist noticed there had never been any relatives visiting those graves. Turns out: A lot of families didn't for sure they were even dead (MIA), let alone they were buried at that site. So he made it kind of his life mission to track down relatives of these fallen soldiers. And in a bunch of cases he succeeded tracking down the relatives. After more than 50 years their search is finally over. They now know how, when, and where. It's sad but at the same time it can give some peace to them. Through a foundation he started they also sponsored flights for them to personally visit those graves, and thanks to the attention he brought to this graveyard, way more people attend including diplomats, more people "adopt" graves of fallen soldiers (basically meaning you keep the grave clean and lay down flowers or light a candle on special days and stuff). More people applied to adopt a grave than there are graves.
I mean, think of the biggest shit you've ever taken. Then think about how small cellphones can be. He probably doesn't have like a wide-ass smartphone, but just a basic model. Also, now I wonder if someone ever put a cellphone on vibrate, shoved it in there, and called themselves.
Damn, at the start of your story I hoped it had a happy ending. Not exactly the same but someone I hardly knew yet once asked me to manage her photo's for her online (she is kinda bad at anything computer-related). Told her I'm happy to help by giving instructions on how to do it and stuff, but that in the end she should do it herself so she has full control over her accounts and materials and stuff. It's not that I don't trust myself to not screw her over. I just don't trust other people (she would've otherwise potentially asked for help) that much. Thought she shouldn't have that level of trust in semi-strangers.
So wait, did the bus pushed you *onto* the roundabout or *on* the roundabout? If you were at a standstill in the middle of the roundabout I would get pissed off too. That's like blocking part of a crossroad.
I wouldn't be surprised if they technically should work the same but the Italians don't give a shit.
Not gonna lie: I can really dig quality artwork on cars, and this looks pretty good IMO. Why did society decide cars should (mostly) have 1 solid color? Why not treat it as a canvas? It feels like people mostly don't want to do it because they don't want to stand out or come over as childish or something. But if it didn't had that stigma I bet a lot more people would put some cool paint job on it. In some alternate universe people probably go wild with the look of their cars, but god forbid if you wear a t-shirt that isn't a plain solid color.
Link: https://www.howtogeek.com/355524/how-to-use-windows-10s-hidden-video-editor/ Not sure if it has all the things movie maker has. But transitions, text, effects, speed, sound... It has everything for basic editing needs. Like they merged movie maker into this.
Next door in Croatia we once made a very illegal u-turn (it wasn't even at an intersection but in the middle of a provincial road because we took a wrong turn). We couldn't turn in 1 go, so we had to go back and forth, and right as we did that a cop came around the corner from the direction we were coming from. We were basically blocking him there for a moment. He just shook his head and had a disapproving look on his face but he kept on cruising. Not as dramatic as your story, but I thought for sure he was gonna stop to at least say something about it. I don't know, maybe they want to be really nice to tourists?
In general they kinda stepped away from nations. A lot of it is about or in Republic City. The Earth Kingdom is the exception I guess, mostly because of Kuvira being the main threat that season and the metal bending training. Also: While looking it up TIL Kuvira was voiced by Zelda Williams, daughter of Robin Williams.
I often touch down with the front of my feet first (maybe to 'soften the blow' so to say). Is that the wrong technique?
Not been in Italy much but I have been in France a lot, and on some of the rural roads the locals seem suicidal. Passing you around a corner and stuff like that. I understand they know these roads like their back pocket, but still, I suspect those stacks of flowers near a tree or some corner weren't there because the locals like that spot so much... I have to give them one thing though: In the dark they always immediately switched from big headlights to small headlights the moment they noticed an oncoming car.
I wonder how that even happens.. Bad instructions for the line drawers or sign placers maybe? Sounds like they didn't communicate, or whoever ordered that road never gave any details.
That's still somewhat the case in some situations. But nowadays more out of practical reasons. Example: Incredibly old city centers, where a wheelchair elevator would block the entire alley, and widening the alley would mean tearing down part of an ancient city block, which they also can't do because it's protected. Like, what can you realistically do in such a situation? At that point city planners are like: 'Welp, we can't make everyone happy' and leave it be. There recently also was a story about this teeny tiny takeaway restaurant. They had a little waiting area for customers, and one small bathroom in the corner which was barely large enough for a toilet. Someone threatened to have them shut down if they didn't accommodate to wheelchair users. Problem is: to make it big enough to be wheelchair friendly, they would basically lose half the space they have. That bathroom would be larger than their kitchen. That would potentially mean the end of their business. So what should they do? Close because &lt;0.1% can't use their bathroom? I think it's very important to do our utmost best to make everything as accessible as possible for everyone, but sometimes their is simply not enough space, or it isn't financially feasible for tiny businesses.
I always like it when the director (or sometimes just the prop guys) go one step beyond. Or when they hide something like that random buttplug in Jesse's house in Breaking Bad that no other crew members noticed.
&gt; "Nigger" (Morse code: -. .. --. --. . .-. ) was the codeword Gibson used to confirm the breach of the Möhne Dam. It's like the online gaming chat before online gaming was a thing. Like, couldn't it at least be "negro"..? (A term that was still somewhat accepted so to say) Oh well. These men risked their lives to liberate millions. Who am I to judge them for dropping the N-bomb. And they were RAF, and the UK had no segregation. Who knows, maybe they were like some online gamers nowadays, and thought it was funny for the German radio operators listening in. 'Did this Tommy just called me nigger?'
You keep bringing up a wage gap but I never advocated for that or even mentioned it in the first place. &gt; I have a business, it caters to whites only. I could open it to colored people, but then white people would not come in anymore. I get the parallel, but one is a sign and the other is physical space. You can easily remove a sign but you can't fit a 5m^2 bathroom in a 1.5m^2 space, and using 1/5th of the building as toilet doesn't work. So you say it's better if they close down altogether then?
But one can contradict the other. 'They should be allowed stay the way they are without proper facilities if there is no alternative', and then you say 'they should be accessible for everyone'. For the 200th time; I'm all for making every new building, renovation, etc. disability friendly. In my original comment I just mentioned some exceptions I encountered that somewhat related to the whole 'It's only x% of the population anyway', which is also somewhat true with these exceptions.
Link maybe? I love to hear/see that.
&gt;“Look, having nuclear — my uncle was a great professor and scientist and engineer, Dr. John Trump at MIT; good genes, very good genes, OK, very smart, the Wharton School of Finance, very good, very smart — you know, if you’re a conservative Republican, if I were a liberal, if, like, OK, if I ran as a liberal Democrat, they would say I’m one of the smartest people anywhere in the world — it’s true! — but when you’re a conservative Republican they try — oh, do they do a number — that’s why I always start off: Went to Wharton, was a good student, went there, went there, did this, built a fortune — you know I have to give my like credentials all the time, because we’re a little disadvantaged — but you look at the nuclear deal, the thing that really bothers me — it would have been so easy, and it’s not as important as these lives are — nuclear is so powerful; my uncle explained that to me many, many years ago, the power and that was 35 years ago; he would explain the power of what’s going to happen and he was right, who would have thought? — but when you look at what’s going on with the four prisoners — now it used to be three, now it’s four — but when it was three and even now, I would have said it’s all in the messenger; fellas, and it is fellas because, you know, they don’t, they haven’t figured that the women are smarter right now than the men, so, you know, it’s gonna take them about another 150 years — but the Persians are great negotiators, the Iranians are great negotiators, so, and they, they just killed, they just killed us, this is horrible.”
http://www.pushsquare.com/news/2016/03/weirdness_uncharted_hero_nathan_drakes_killed_1829_people
Or the fact they had a clip show that was actually good.
I went to this very picturesque restaurant located in an medieval watchtower once. I'll tell them to close there business right away. After all, they can't change much about the small windy staircases since it's UNESCO heritage. Okay. Restaurant gone. No one is ever allowed inside again since not 100% of the people can get inside. Everyone happy right?
Well, it was and wasn't a clip show. That was the brilliant part about it. You know what clip shows are right? In most cases it's an episode wherein the characters discuss previous adventures, often accompanied with little clips ("flashbacks") of the episode they're talking about. Hence: a clip show. It's often near the end of a season, and as an extra cliché our characters are often stuck somehow (e.g. in an elevator) so they having nothing to do but talk over previous adventures. They are often regarded the weakest episodes. What ATLA brilliantly did was having the Ember Island Players do (an slightly edited version of) the "clips", and have our main characters react to it. So that's what I mean with that it is and isn't a clip show. It has some properties of a clip show, because the viewers kind of get to see of what happened so far, and Team Avatar talks about it (and I feel that the fact they had nothing better to do was a little wink). But it technically isn't a clip show because we don't see actual clips. To name another example: There is a Family Guy episode where Brian and Stewie go back in time and visit older episodes and jokes. Also not truly a clip show since they alter some events here and there and it's not technically clips they are showing (maybe a few). But it is a clip show in the sense that it somewhat fulfills what a clip show often tries to do: Taking the audience back to many previous episodes. edit: South Park also did a creative take on this. I believe it was somewhere around season 15 or 16 that they brought in almost ALL the previous 'enemies' of the boys and the town in general. They never showed clips, but it was really this episode of 'remember this?', 'remember him?', 'remember her?' 'remember this joke?', etc. IIRC they even say in the commentary of that episode that they wanted to do an original take on a clip show. TV tropes link: https://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/Main/ClipShow
One explanation I haven't seen yet: Maybe that Acura was a mistake? I know Tarentino is a detail guy but it was his first big movie. Maybe the car he asked for wasn't available and they had to do with what they had? Maybe he asked his crew for an older car but this is all they could find, no one told him because it seemed no biggie, and he didn't noticed? Everyone can make a mistake. So maybe it actually is suppose to be the 80's. But I'm not Tarantino expert so take it with a grain of salt. Just saying it's possible.
Huh. That would be like *the* movie of his in which it would've been the most excusable.
There is almost bound to be a bit of creative editing to make the timing fit. You can create this well thought-out fight, maybe have some stunt people act it out to see if it works, but at the end of the day there's a great chance it's too long or too short. And they only have this much footage so they have to work with what they got. So slowmo could help. Or if the shot was too long (but you need all the shots for the fight to make sense), you can slightly speed things up without it being very noticeable. Speeding some moves up can even make it look better.
Come back to me when you discovered how to fit 1m^2 into &lt;1m^2\.
Hot!
And just $5 can easily be ascribed to a calculation error. If you're handling money all day long sometimes shit happens (not to mention some customers that intentionally try to confuse cashiers to try to make such a mistake happen).
Not that he should stand there in the first place, but shouting 'Make way!' might be more useful before walking into him.
Han
That sounds insane given that you're handling maybe thousands of dollars a day. Like /u/ElectionAssistance said: Sometimes shit falls and breaks. If you're stocking shelves all day long it's almost inevitable that there is the occasional breakage. Same should go for handling money: Sometimes you give back a dollar too much (sticky notes, not paying attention, customer trying to scam you).
They've been experimenting with hovering platforms since the 50's and there is still no reliable and safe military nor commercial option. Even for flying basic drones over populated areas you need a special license, let alone something that weighs a like 150+ kg with a human on top of it. If they invent something that works I'm all for it! But it isn't there yet. I was also thinking about helicoptering people in, but in a city center you can't fly that low on a weekly or monthly basis just for a restaurant visit because of the noise. Sure, they do it for medical emergencies, but that's, again, an exception. And obviously costs are indeed a factor. Helicopters costs like $1200 per hour to operate **at a minimum**. Machu Picchu isn't urban so I reckon it's much more possible there, but I'm pretty sure a tour operator isn't gonna charge you the same if you want to be airlifted up there as people that walk up there. &gt; As for bathrooms, if you can’t let disabled people in don’t let non-disabled people in. And since restaurants are required to have one they might be forced to..... You guessed it: Close up shop.
I don't think that would've happened, but if he brought some truly damaging evidence it could've severely damaged the voters trust in the party. I know there are some voters who blindly follow Trump, and/or solely care about "owning the libs", but it couldn't had a big effect on the swing voters.
Please just learn to read dude. I'm not saying it's 'just practical'. I'm saying it's basically impossible to do it that way in **certain exceptional** situations. And I'm not saying innovation doesn't happen, but I *am* saying that it likely isn't happening that fast (and I asked you what businesses should do until that innovation happens. But as expected: You give no concrete answer and just throw out accusations again). I'm starting to hope you're just some troll. Because it sounds like you can't accept there are some limits. FYI: If you have a petition or whatever to invest into legislation or technology that makes this possible: I'd sign it. I'd vote for it. But as the situation is now, please be happy with who you are... Remember that we are talking about **a few exceptions**.
If he wasn't a celebrity they would've just swarmed around his car, pulled a PIT-manoeuvre, whatever. I have no question about that. They pull dangerous shit at high speeds all the time, but with O.J. they suddenly wanted to play it safe and actually let him drive all the way *to his freakin' house.* And if you want to pull the whole: Well, his buddy might have been a hostage so they should play it safe. Well sure, but they aren't exactly consequent in that either are they? Remember that (white) Fedex driver taken hostage who got pierced by multiple police bullets as soon as the Fedex truck came to a stop? They literally 'just started blasting'. It's a rich celebrity, and the world was watching, so he got **very** special treatment.
If you really want to hit another car with your car, at least use the back right? Or in case of a rear engine car, the front might be OK. Point being: You don't want to wreck your engine and stuff. Now the other guy's damage is mostly cosmetic, while this guy's bill will be way higher (not counting the inevitable bill of the other guy of course. That comes later).
Link? I personally also think defunding doesn't provide any type of real solution. For a large part it depends where that money is spend I think. I believe a large part of reforms need to come from a higher level. They have proven themselves to never or rarely hold each other accountable, so e.g. maybe some separate agency is needed to do that job for them.
Jesus christ dude. 'It's sometimes not possible' does not equal 'it will never be possible' (I (I admit somewhat jokingly) mentioned telepotation or a portal gun earlier for example). Jim Crow laws and physically not being able to do something is not the freaking same. And judging by the votes and reactions on our little discussion it seem a lot of people agree with me by the way. Not that that's any definitive conclusion but it can be an indication... My advice: stop being so freaking miserable and butthurt, and enjoy life. You are a part of one of *many* minority groups. Barely any single person can take part in literally everything. I know my limitations but it seems you can't come to terms with yours. SOME PLACES CAN'T DO EVERYTHING TO PLEASE EVERYONE. Now please fuck off.
And I wish you the best of luck to try to do something some of the best scientists and experts in the world couldn't do City planners and businesses like something they can actually apply.
Regarding the book shelf: If it's anything like now, maybe it was to give people a reminder how much stuff they have available at or near their homes, but still not consumed yet. 'You still have all these books you didn't read yet. Why not do that instead?'
I think I hit 4000 max? *Maybe* 4500. But the save started to get glitchy, parts started disappearing. And it was also a rocket, so I barely had to directly control it with 0.5fps except for pressing space once in a while. Is it 7000+ parts as we see it or did you use some weld mod?
Discount Toph Beifong?
With the loading times and the fps while building I just got enough of it. I compliment your patience and stubbornness ;). And good luck flying the soab.
Was thinking the same. I understand there is much underlying anger, but throwing around insults like that is also reflecting badly on you. Although I have to admit; There is something ironic about a lot of them thinking they are so much better than minorities, democrats, etc., but then they ride around in these because they can't walk for more than 50ft without taking a break.
Aesthetically it might look better this way.
The U.S. also has nukes stationed in several other allied countries. Not that it makes them a nuclear power perse, but just saying they are in way more countries.
/r/prematurecelebration I believe they also did this with Stalingrad. German radio reported they had already captured the city. Only with Stalingrad they had at least already captured most of the city IIRC, and they had legit reasons to think it was gonna fall any day now. With the battle for Moscow, the Germans never even entered the city.
On the back of the posters they had already printed "USSR defeated!" but they thought that was a bit premature. /j
Soul patch or micro goatee?
IIRC never all of it. But yeah, the Russians won because the encirclement forced the Germans in Stalingrad to surrender. Not because of a direct attack on the city.
Ik volgde een technische opleiding en had een voormalig MBO'er in de groep (die een aansluitende opleiding had voltooid). Zijn technische kennis was erg goed. Niet alleen dingen die hij al wist maar ook nieuwe dingen pakte hij erg snel op. Maar een zwaktepunt van hem was, zoals jou voorbeeld, zichzelf goed kunnen uitdrukken in woorden. Zijn argumentatie was vaak erg kort, ongestructureerd, en incompleet. Zijn engels liet ook nog wel eens te wensen over (erg veel "direct" vertaalde woorden en zinnen). Dus het kan zeker geen kwaad je taalkennis flink bij te spijkeren voordat je begint. &amp;nbsp; Eventuele tip voor oefeningen: Schrijf en publiceer bv. reviews over dingen die je leuk vindt. Als het onderwerp iets is waar je enthousiast over bent, dan is het een stuk leuker. Dan voelt het niet zozeer als een opdracht die je zo spoedig mogelijk achter de rug wilt hebben. En het publiceren noemde ik erbij, omdat je dan tijdens het schrijven in je achterhoofd hebt dat anderen het zullen lezen en jou redenering moeten kunnen begrijpen. Het motiveert de schrijver om alles gestructureerd en helder te houden, zodat eventuele lezers er in mee kunnen gaan.
I was merely reacting to Shyamalan's answer to some interviews. Not the first time he's like 'Well, maybe you guys don't get me, but these other guys in a different part of the world understand it.' But no. People in Europe equally disliked the movie.
Pretty much. Acting like the audience isn't "sophisticated" or educated enough for his material. It's either deflecting, a big ego, or maybe both. It was about a different movie but I even heard his say something along the lines of 'Well, [famous artist] wasn't appreciated in his lifetime either'. He's not wrong but the comparison felt really out of place. Basically implying you're some grand misunderstood visionary. And truth be told; He made some great movies as well; I think everyone would agree with me on that one. His career is so weird that way.. Either really good or utter crap.
Same here but at the same time I can't shake the thought of accidentally catching some skin while zipping. Imagine quickly zipping up and part of your vagina gets caught inbetween. Ouch. Still a very hot outfit though!
There was this interview with a Russian tank driver that drove British-made, American-made, and Russian-made tanks, so he has a bunch of experience with a lot of them. (He drove the former ones through the Allied support program) One of the advantages he mentioned regarding Shermans was that it had rubber on the tracks. It made it way *way* quieter, whereas with the T-34 'enemies could here us coming from god knows how far away' he said. So even back in WW2 they used rubber on the tracks of some tanks.
I'm impressed.
I mean, is it really that surprising that an event that occurs once every 29.5 days doesn't exactly line up with the months which take 30 or 31, and once a year 27/28 days? To be fair; There are a bunch of "coincidences" in the orbits we see, like how just one side of the moon faces the Earth at any given time, but if you know how often a full moon occurs it's not surprising it doesn't occur at the same days every year.
Ouch, 23 is niet al te best. Als ik je eventueel met iets kan bijstaan, stuur een pm. Ik ben zelf ook geen schrijfwonder ofzo, maar misschien dat ik je ergens kan helpen. Wat meer structuur in de tekst proberen te brengen ofzo. Ik ben stiekem nog steeds trots op de keer dat een docent mij complimenteerde op een paper omdat 'het erg lekker weg leest' vergeleken met de andere papers, want het kan echt knap lastig zijn om iets technisch op een soort van "leuke" maar ook leerzame en informatieve manier te brengen. Edit: Het kan helpen als je tijdens het schrijven ervan uit gaat dan een leek het ook moet kunnen begrijpen. Schrijf dus niet met de mindset 'de docent snapt wel wat ik bedoel', maar meer alsof een kind van 12 er ook nog chocola van moet kunnen maken. Dit gaat niet altijd op natuurlijk, maar voor de meer "algemene" verslagen kan het helpen.
Could someone ELI5 why a black hole looks like this? I kinda understand the circle. It's the light that bends around it right? So in a sense we don't see the black hole itself since light can't escape it, but we see the effect it has on it's surroundings. But what is up with the Saturn-like ring around the circle? If I would be "above" the black hole it would still sorta look like this right (obviously also kinda depending on what's behind it that could bend the light towards me, but suppose it's the same amount of light..)?
At one point in BF1942 I actually got really good at damaging airplanes with small arms if I may pat myself on the back. And I don't even mean anything automatic; I often was engineer who have this bolt action rifle. An enemy plane would fly around and I would be taking these pot shots and just took cover whenever the plane aimed my way. But yeah, it took like 1000 hours of playing to get to the point I would hit planes approx. 3/5 times. And the damage was really little, so it pretty much never happened you would actually take down an airplane that way. It was mostly about harassing the plane and try to make it go elsewhere.
Looks pretty much like the same principle. Really handy for storage facilities and such since you can just move a bit sideways if you're not lined up correctly instead of going back and forth again.
Candles that close to the canvas makes me somewhat uncomfortable.
Je blijft altijd extremen houden aan beide kanten. Sommige mensen willen persé dat Piet zwart is, en aan de andere kant vinden sommige mensen dat Piet helemaal weg moet vanwege de slavernij link, al zou 'ie paars zijn. Persoonlijk vind ik het wel oké zo. In principe dezelfde Pieten, maar het is helder dat het niet (of niet alleen) zwarte mensen zijn.
This is pretty common with older single/widowed people not in any retirement home. They may have some people they have contact with every week or so, which can mean they die one day and no one notices until a few days later. Or even weeks in some cases
Same. Appa for the most part always took a bit of a back seat. And I get they want to focus on Aang &amp; co., but for a large part he was little more than the main characters' vehicle.
But it kinda felt like that was one of the only moments. For multiple long stretches he never really got any attention.
Oh right! Been a while since I've seen Gantz. Whatever it is you are wearing the shit out of it ^\^
Maar clubs mochten al zo'n lange tijd niet spelen.. Ze moesten toch echt even die opgekropte energie kwijt! Als het een demonstratie was tegen slecht weer waren ze wellicht ook gekomen om te knokken.
Incredibly hot!
Ik vraag mij dan wel af hoe vaak de informatie klopt. Een nadeel van deze aanpak kan zijn dat deze vrijwilligers waarschijnlijk niet de beste zijn in het identificeren van dit soort locaties, en wat misschien ook een rol speelt is dat vrijwilligers erg graag iets willen vinden en daardoor misschien sneller geneigd zijn om elke hobbel te registreren (Als je na 100 foto's nog niks echt merkwaardigs hebt gezien ga je er misschien echt naar zoeken. Dat je toch het gevoel hebt dat je misschien iets hebt gevonden). Maar het kan nooit kwaad om te proberen natuurlijk, en het is een leuk initiatief.
Sounds like they could save themselves some effort if they just cross-referenced the health department score with the ingredient list.
I believe someone mentioned it was $1200 to get it certified. Not a lot of money for even some small businesses, but something about a standard fee (and not just covering the expenses and maybe some hourly wage) still rubs me the wrong way. Like, the Rabbi (or whoever does the inspection) would do their people a service if they have more products to pick from right? Makes it easier to stick to Jewish dogma.
It looks like a high school group project where each group member had to pick on or two things that are great about China, and make that into a poster. As a result it looks like a stew with way too many ingredients. 'Isn't the poster a bit busy this way?' 'Yeah but Xiongping's picture has to be placed somewhere too, otherwise he doesn't get a grade.'
Sluit inderdaad aan op wat /u/WamblingDisc zei, dat het een boodschapper is. Een ambassadeur van God als je het zo wilt noemen. Maar goed de bijbel is natuurlijk een verzameling losse verhalen, dus een duidelijke lijn is soms ver te zoeken.
Van wat ik begrijp is een patroonheilige of beschermheilige meer van 1 gebied, een beetje zoals een zaligverklaarde. En "gebied" in deze hoeft trouwens niet persé een fysieke omgeving zoals een stad te betekenen. Het zou ook op een beroepsgroep of zelfs handeling kunnen slaan. Dit lijkt in een zekere zin een beetje op de goden in het oude Romeinse Rijk en het oude Griekenland. Het is allemaal wat specifieker. Als jij bijvoorbeeld een goede oost wilde dan ging je naar Ceres, godin van de oogst. Misschien zou je het een klein beetje kunnen zien alsof Jupiter (de oppergod) de minister president is met allemaal ministers om zich heen met hun eigen taak. Alleen in Christendom zijn heiligen meer boodschappers of ambassadeurs van God, en niet iemand met een daadwerkelijke taak. Het is meer "een goed woordje voor mij doen bij God", dan een heilige vragen daadwerkelijk zelf iets te doen.
I hadn't even thought about that regarding this rally (risking people just so that it would look nice on the pictures so to say). But that's because he never seem to give a fuck about covid19 in the first place; As long as the economy just kept on going.
I also read they wanted to do something about compensation in cases of the victim dying or being wounded, but I haven't seen a follow up on that yet. Some clarification: It has happened many times that someone was hit by a car, and the driver purposely drove over the victim again to make sure he/she dies, as 1: the financial compensation for recovery is likely way higher than those for a funeral, and 2: In some situations it makes it more likely to get away with it (they see no other witnesses and no camera's they might be motivated to kill the only supposed witness: The victim). There was talk about doing something about this as well.
Sir, do you know why I hit you today? On a serious note: Terrible he was on his phone but at least a good thing he called in another department to file a non-biased (well hopefully) report on the matter.
Ah c'mon dude.. I have no idea who she is but judging by the amount of clothes it's not the classic twitch thot. Not that that that would make fine to make remarks like that, but if she was streaming with her appearance as a main selling point, I would at least somewhat get appearance-based criticism (kinda like how you may judge a supposed pro player on their playing skills). But especially with some regular streamer it's just mean.
Seeing Antichamber being mentioned in an old games post makes me feel really old.
Wasn't that the program where they gave a giant bag of money to telecom companies to build this next gen network, but they didn't? And somehow they got away with that shit?
'We investigated ourself and found out we did nothing wrong.' \- Every single time shit goes wrong
You like dags?
Iedereen om me heen zegt dat het einde ruk is. Achja, met lage verwachtingen kan het alleen maar meevallen!
I somewhat liked it but mainly because of the Draco bit. Nice to say he didn't follow into his fathers footsteps. Like, he might still be a douche but he finally embraced good somewhat.
At least Hagrid survived. What about his godfather Sirius?
That's just annoying. No problem if you ask once, but if the answer is "no" just accept it. But yeah, there are actually more places where you can haggle than some people might think. I used to hate going shopping for clothes with this one friend because he always tried it and it felt kinda embarrassing, but I have to admit: He did get some shit done on numerous occasions. He would e.g. looking at 2 pair of pants in a clothing shop and would be like: 'If you throw in some boxers I'll buy these'. And the salespeople did it. At some stores they do have a margin of discount and/or freebies they can give. Probably not cheaper clothing stores though.
I think anyone would argue a phone would be a worse medium. But sometimes it's about convenience and opportunity. And it also depends on the material. I would never watch movies I really looked forward to on a phone, but if I'm already unsure and I have nothing to do while on the train, there are some movies or TV-series I might watch on a small screen. I can't speak for Tarentino but I think one aspect he took offense to is how they were talking about initial releases. Of course you want to show it in theaters first and foremost, and any other releases (like dvd/blueray or streaming) come later.
Cute!
I suppose, but you don't *have* to make loud noises during sex, just as you don't *have* to listen to music or watch a movie at a loud volume. Walking sounds however... Unless they really stomp around and run you can't really say much about that. In any case: If it's really bad the landlord would be responsible for that where I live. If you rent out a place it has to conform to a standard, including proper isolation.
Maybe this is what he wanted. He had "hard" times and wanted an audience.
Not sure how it works in Germany but instead of directly reapplying with a new bank account, have you tried to get some mediation or other outside help? Not sure what the German equivalent is but some kind of social worker institution. They might be very familiar with this type of situations and know what to do about this. And if you want to really piss your mom off, report it as theft (which it essentially is of course, but I understand people don't want to strain family relationships too much). Or sometimes the sneaky route could help. Any extended family or friends both you and your mom have contact with? Let this shit shimmer through and she might get so much shit from her environment she will give it.
Sorry, I meant to say both Grand Strategy and 4x Strategy. I often kind of put them in the same corner. So yeah, there was Civ and Total War for example. RTS fans don't necessarily enjoy those, and vice versa. In TW you have real-time battles sure, but it's still all e.g. part of this grander plan to put this enemy on his knees to force the other one to the negotiating table to end the war so you can finally safely start a campaign against... Well you get the idea.
A cool! Yeah some people might want to have a similar experience people had back then, for which Black Mesa is a great alternative. My comment was more of a PSA in that regard ;)
Damn it. Fooled again!
You mean 10 buckets of manliness?
I was wondering that too.. I know some more or less started with anime and jrpg related stuff and all, but there really are a lot that have some sort of Japanese name aren't there? Maybe because others did it before, they just copy it? I don't know. Enji Night and Liz Katz do fine with a Western name.. Oh well, in the end why should I really care.
Cops can be assholes here too. But yeah from what I gather based on the news and the statistics and all, U.S. cops take the cake (regarding first world countries). Somewhat related: In driving school, do they teach you proper 'pulling over procedure?'. Just wondering because people have been shot for just rummaging around in their car instead of leaving their hands on the steering wheel.
It's a fact that if you ask an undercover a person if he's involved in the deep state, he legally has to tell you.
❤
I don't think speed signs would have been an issue in 1793.
Some context about the "why" question: In the 18th and 19th century the society in the Netherlands was very divided ("Verzuiling") between the protestants, the catholics, and the socialists. I don't think that third one is a big factor regarding burial grounds, but those first two definitely were. You went to different schools, read different newspapers, listened to different radio stations... You could have neighbors you never talked to because they belonged to a different group than you. It largely disappeared around the 70's IIRC though. But there are still some remnants like religious schools and a few laws.
Oh I definitely believe there was a law against going too fast on your horse within city limits or something like that. Just saying that it wouldn't have been that much of a hassle to change signs back then (if there even were signs. I wouldn't be surprised if there weren't).
'Is this the drive through? I can't see..'
I'm receiving conflicting messages here.
To be honest, I expected someone from the Loch Ness Monster Discovery Project to look *way* more conspiracy-type-ish.
There's also a theory the monster is an ancestor of those sea dinosaurs (forgot the name, but the ones that kinda look like Lapras). But that's pretty far-fetched. Would be awesome is there is this whole underwater realm though. Like Subnautica.
Bij sommige laptops maakt dat ook niet veel uit tijdens een hittegolf op bv. een zolderkamer. Hij trok het gewoon niet.
Wauw dat zou je echt niet zeggen. Wat denk ik een rol speelt in deze foto: * De lichtblauwe blouse (ik krijg er meteen een kantoor gevoel bij). * Het model-achtige kapsel zegt eerder 20-35 dan 15. * Doordat het licht fel van boven valt worden de wallen onder haar ogen ietswat geaccentueerd waardoor het "erger" lijkt dan het is.
Zijn er papieren lolly stokjes? Kunnen ze daar niet gewoon een stukje hout voor gebruiken ofzo?
I'm also getting some Rasputin vibes here.
In general tons interviews are. Like, when a talk show host has a guest on, 9/10 times they try to plug their latest movie/book/whatever. But generally it's a compromise: Spending like 1/4th of the time talking about what they're promoting, and the rest on just stories and whatnot (the part most people want to see). I have no problem with AMA's also being a marketing thing, as long as they indeed also honestly answer a lot of questions unrelated to the thing they want to promote. One of the reasons Woody Harrelson's AMA was such a disaster is that EVERY answer somehow came back to that movie of his (Rampart). 'What's your favorite movie of all time?'. 'Well, definitely this movie I'm promoting that's in theaters coming weekend!'. C'mon... You already gave us the promotional part solely by putting the movie in the title. We saw the ad, and now we want the content so to say.
Deus Ex: HR.
Exactly! The audience sees him as evil because we KNOW that in this universe toys are alive, but he has no clue. He likes to make his own creations. Except for being a bully towards his sister and being the neighbor ass by lighting firework on a regular basis, he didn't do anything wrong really. At least, nothing he could know was wrong. Heck, I actually did the same thing he did when I was younger. We had hundreds of those little toy soldiers, tanks, bunkers, etc. Thought it was cool to film one of the tanks getting blown up by a firecracker with a few toy soldiers next to it, like some war movie scene. In real life that's no big deal, but Sid is somehow a psychopath? Again: That's purely because we know they are alive and he doesn't (and had no realistic reason to believe so). quick edit: Although the act itself shouldn't be disturbing, I guess it could be a bit disturbing how much he is into this. Shouting in joy and all that.
The ex-gf of a friend of mine wasn't exactly the brightest, and it has occurred multiple times she didn't understand proverbs or sarcasm. Fun times.
Any good teacher would never fail you just because they disagree with your opinion. As long as you can elaborate and give some decent arguments to support it you should be good. Two minor examples: For arts we had to do a movie review. Everyone picked the arts-y type movies because that's what she likes right? I picked this dumb summer blockbuster, but I explained how I understood it's not exactly a smart movie, but that appreciate the visuals, directing, entertainment value etc., and I got a pretty high grade. Another time we had this class on sustainability, and the teacher was like a stereotype hippy. We had to write something about sustainable energy, and me and a buddy picked nuclear energy as our topic. She expected us to tear it apart, but instead our report was about all the advantages of nuclear energy, and how good it could be for the environment. She didn't agree, but we got a good grade nonetheless since we explained our points well. I guess in general it can be good when a student challenges a teacher on some points. Just have a good explanation why you think that.
On April Fools day there was this news program (BBC I believe?) that showed a little documentary on spaghetti trees. Many people believed it. In general there are a lot of April Fools jokes that show how stupid we can be.
I saw something like this in the supermarket a few years ago. The cashier explained one of his items was 2 for the price of 1 this week, and that he could grab another one (small store so it would only take 20 seconds). He interrupted her about how he doesn't want their sales pitch and whatnot. Everyone was just looking at him like, wtf?
That would be a bog **no** for me. And thank you for making me remember that crowbar bit from "A Serbian Film".
Maybe they intended it but after all the episodes of Momo acting like, well, a pet, they thought it would be a bit strange? Also: It might raise questions about the spirit world. Like: don't dead people go there? Do only these airbender monks get reincarnated? It fits the overall theme but still. And might that not make the reincarnation of the Avatar a bit less unique? I don't know. In any case: I think Momo works fine as a pet to remember Aang of home.
Was thinking the same. They are relatively overrepresented regarding lack of good education and the poverty statistics. So they tend to A: Have more of the blue collar (physical) work so that group can't work from home, and they B: Are less likely to have a financial safety net, maybe living paycheck to paycheck, so just stop working for a longer period of time isn't an option either. The BLM protests lately, though very important, probably didn't help either.
I clicked on the link hoping this might have been some plea deal thing (not that that makes it OK, but it happens all the time with civilians as well), but nope: It was actually a full-fledged trial....
&gt; Actually the "top players" in the world get smoked by randoms too. Depending on the game you can't hold getting smoked once in a while against even top players though. Especially like a FPS with high bullet damage: You can get unlucky. You can have a top CSGO player versus a newbie and that newbie might actually make a few kills. If they're playing Starcraft however, that pro player will win every single time.
To add to this: This fight took place during Sozin's Comet, which only passes once every 100 or so years. Maybe he could've retreated, replan and regroup, and try another day, but this is **the** day Firebenders are at their strongest. He was dead-set on fulfilling his mission of becoming supreme ruler of the world, but the Avatar would've always remained an obstacle in this. And if he can't defeat the Avatar now, it might never happen since the Avatar will only get stronger and stronger while he will be dead by the time the comet passes by again. He had this mission ingrained into his mind, and it was really now or never.
Not that I disagree with people saying this isn't really cosplay, but the sub has been like that for a long while now... Anyway, looking great OP!
This is why I kinda roll my eyes whenever I see a post along the lines of *'TIL the Olympic record for the 10km run is has increased by 40% in the last 100 years!'* or whatever, and see people in the comments act like that means we became so much faster. But it's not at all surprising since in the older Olympic games had the average Joe competing instead of the top tier athletes. IIRC the base line was that you can't compete if you ever got paid or personally sponsored for competing. That immediately disqualifies the best of the best.
The fact that it was held in Sweden also contributed to me thinking that. Not saying Sweden is/was racist-free, but when it comes to Native Americans I always got the impression that, outside of the two American continents, there was more of an fascination with them and not so much any real hate. Offensive stereotypes sure, but hate? What also plays a part: The Olympics back then was nothing like the Olympics now. Little security, and way more public. When you share a locker room with your competitors it's not hard to steal a pair of shoes. Like, marathons were sometimes run on some neighboring dirt paths that weren't cordoned off (allowing one competitor to sneakily hitch a ride in one edition).
The whole 'Hitler praising them' has been blown out of proportions somewhat. He sat there and clapped like he was expected to do. I mean, clapping does count as an act of praise I suppose, but he wasn't exactly being that friendly either. But I guess a little clapping beats nothing at all when it comes to public acknowledgement.
Who the hell refers to WW2 as a war against racism? Multiple countries tried to stay out of it until they themselves were attacked. Multiple countries refused countless of Jewish refugees that could have been saved. Morality wise, Great Britain and France take the high ground IMO. Declaring war the instant Germany attacked Poland.
Something like that happened in a different Olympics actually. The marathon was held on this rural road, and one of the competitors got chased multiple kilometers off-course by a pack of wild dogs.
Not sure why you would ever get criticized for that. If something is normalized it's no longer really newsworthy; That's just a fact. So yeah, in an ideal world literally no one would care, and this wouldn't be a story. &amp;nbsp; Somewhat related: does anyone remember the South Park episode about the South Park flag? Quick rundown: The South Park flag is 4 white people cheering while a black man is being hanged. Like, anyone with a little knowledge of history would see how that flag is offensive. The boys see nothing really wrong with this though. The school makes it a debate topic, which takes place near the end of the episode. Anyway, it turns out the boys saw nothing wrong with the flag because they didn't even looked at the races. They thought they just saw a hanging. Any hanging. Not some racist lynching. The fact the hanged man was black was coincidental as far as they were concerned. And although that sounds really ignorant since they should have learned something about that in history classes by now (although their teacher is comically inapt, so in that regard it kinda fits), I thought there was some wisdom and beauty in there. Like Chef says: They were so not-racist they never saw race to begin with. Anyway, thought it was a bit related: Because of innocence the boys didn't take notice of race, and in a world where LGBTQ+ is fully accepted that people also wouldn't take notice anymore.
The way the nose immediately went down I assume it landed like 200 meters from the launch site. I doubt it. Or as they would say in KSP: Great launch!
I think one of the factors is that rebel groups often have to make do with what little they have. Not saying that gives them a pass. Just explaining the mentality.
&gt; and I believe that his products were actually fairly good Given the result of the demonstration, that's the most surprising about this story. I understand his design might be good and the manufacturer fucked up or something, but that's not a great sign for potential buyers.
Had ik ooit ook aan gedacht voor het geval ik de oudejaarsloterij zou winnen en kon doen wat ik wil (je weet dat dat niet gaat gebeuren, maar wie heeft nooit even gefantaseerd over multimilionar zijn?;)). Het leek mij eigenlijk wel cool om mezelf te blijven bijscholen door te blijven studeren ja. Misschien part-time zodat je niet té strakke deadlines hebt, maar alsnog door blijven leren.
With the risk of sounding like a dick: I don't think deaf people should compete in disabled sports where communication isn't a factor. I know hearing the sound of the crowd can work as this rush that makes you perform better but other than that they are the same where it really matter in this competition.
Not even 30 but I literally had a bad shoulder thing that happened in my sleep. Any movement with that arm really hurt for the rest of the day. Shit can happen. Why not using his left arm? Habit I suppose. And once he realized 'shit I can't do this' he brought in lefty.
True, but in general there is more of an expectation regarding professionalism. Plus some rebel groups are really unorganized, so it's harder to put blame on the entire organization. It all makes it greyer.
As far as that last part goes: I wouldn't be surprised if the writers aren't to blame for that. In the end the Nickelodeon executives rather play it safe instead of potentially offending a bunch of religious groups. It's a shame, but I think they either self-censored (remembering who they were working for), or were actively censored by the bosses. Maybe both.
Works better for the meme I suppose. The series often treats the Avatar as this celebrity, and even has fans (even groupies) and stuff. And that's not surprising seeing as it really is a special person. Like some chosen one. Not sure how to put it into words. Like, if your girlfriend dumps you for Deadbeat McLoser some nasty people might laugh at you. If your gf dumps you for the 200th reincarnation of a sort-of Jesus Christ however... It's slightly different. I don't think anyone would think something is wrong with you if your gf leaves you for e.g. Chris Hempsworth.
I also like how he calls the disease a democratic hoax in the same song. Like, if it's not a real thing, what would an injection give except for slight inconvenience?
Maybe 20 rockets in 2 minutes is a bit optimistic. I haven't really tried a lot with moving parts yet, but I was pretty decent in making machines in Siege Engineer and G-mod if I may say so myself. I imagine the hardest part is getting the sequences and timing of all the parts right, and not so much building the setup itself.
To be fair: If I was a developer at Rockstar responsible for the map I understand they want to fix it. Feels like you've done a sloppy job that might reflect badly on the overall quality of the product. But yeah, sometimes you just have to leave it be. Reminds me of surfing in CS somewhat. It was basically an exploit of the engine, and people had tons of fun with it: Creating entire maps revolving around that exploit. So when Valve developed the source engine, they actually made sure the exploit is still in there (although I guess if it's done on purpose it's not an exploit anymore ;)).
That was a fun video. [Link for those who haven't seen it](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FnEW6dX_BmU). For all their faults Bethesda can be fairly self-aware like that in their PR. Forgot the exact presentation but Todd Howard once said on stage something like '... and this is to minimize glitches. Maybe you have once encountered a glitch in one of our games...' The entire audience including Todd start slightly laughing. He is very aware of their reputation. He also made self-deprecating jokes about horse armor before. Although when they introduced paid mods those jokes became less funny.
Vijf jaar is niet niks maarja, dat hadden ze zich van tevoren moeten bedenken. En het is duidelijk dat ze daar kwamen met als doel drugshandel, en niet dat ze daar al als partygoers waren en half per toeval een beetje uit het persoonlijke voorraadje verkochten. Dit is heel andere koek natuurlijk. Meestal wordt overigens niet de hele straf uitgezeten toch? Vooral niet als ze naar Nederland worden overgeplaats. Dat een rechter zegt 'De Hongaarse gevangenissen zijn kut, ze hebben dus al extra geleden, dus we trekken [x] van de straf af'. &gt; Gert-Jan N. wordt gezien als het 'hoofd van de organisatie', omdat op de lijsten zijn telefoonnummer stond. Daarom deed het OM in Hongarije hem een hoger strafvoorstel dan Roelf B. Er zullen meer details zijn waarom ze dit denken hoop ik? Een beetje kort door de bocht. Het zou net zo goed de meeste idiote van het stel zijn die omgelult is zijn nummer te gebruiken.
'Hi.. Adult here!'
I think the combat is a bit more basic, but still fun. There is this hit grid, but you don't actively walk around on a map. If you like South Park you should definitely give it a try. One things I preferred about Stick of Truth is that it brought back stuff from **all** previous seasons. From season 1 to 15 or wherever they were. With Fractured But Hole it was mainly focused on more recent stuff, that I cared a bit less about.
With adaptation like these you often have to cut pretty roughly, and probably paste things together even if they are a few episodes apart in the series. A big one for example: "Imprisoned". I love the episode, and the idea of having this purely steel prison offshore for Earth Benders. Makes total sense. But you have to ask yourself how much it added to the bigger plot. So let's see what's important for the overall story. They meet Haru &amp; his dad and Zuko finds Katara's necklace. But Haru isn't exactly that important that though. He fights with them at the invasion but that's it. And Zuko finding Katara's necklace doesn't require the prison subplot (could've also happened at the Southern Air Temple, the Kyoshi Warriors, or after any other engagement). Don't understand me wrong: I hope they keep that episode because it's awesome. But regarding the bigger plot it really doesn't add much. Sometimes writers have to make big sacrifices in the story. Probably especially hard if you are a writer of the original series; Feels like killing your creations. It's a fun puzzle to think about. What could you scrap and what you can combine.
That will unfortunately always be the case. "The Painted Lady" for example. Is it necessary? Not really. But I like how it shows that some people in the Fire Nation are also just people that can suffer from the same oppression. I also like how they don't rat out gAang. For the same reason I really like "The Headband". It shows Fire Nation people as mostly normal kids under an oppressive regime. But to have the Footlose episode when they are trying to make things a little more serious... Could be a bit jarring. And Sokka and Katara going to school dressed as Aangs parents (mr and mrs Fire). Yeah... It's a bit over the top. So yeah I could see how they can cut a thing or two, and maybe have some of the character development in other episodes.
I hate to be that guy, but you can't get restraining orders on someone willy-nilly as it is infringing on a persons freedom (having to leave any area if the other person is there). Unfortunate, but it's not as easy as one might think. It doesn't seem like she was actively stalking. &gt; Her response? "Oh okay we will see about that!" From what I gather here this is the only line that can be considered a threat. But if it's enough for a restraining order..? IANAL but AFAIK there needs to be like a direct threat or some pattern. I hope for OP it could be arranged, but I wouldn't be surprised if it doesn't happen.
Sorry forgot about that! Was just quickly looking through some summaries and try to figure out how some things can be pasted together.
And on CS:GO I hope..
Terrance Howard? Is that you? For those unaware: Terrance Howard made his own math system he calls Terryology. &gt; Howard studied chemical engineering at the Pratt Institute in Brooklyn until he fell out with one of his professors over the answer to the 1x1=1 conundrum.
Unless they still have to pay you for those two weeks anyway: No. Now you miss out on half a month of salary. It's unlikely you can quickly find another temporary gig to fill those 2 weeks up.
It's the other way around here: I'm too lazy to look for those specialized tools the once-a-month I use them, so I just use normal stuff. That, or sometimes some of those miscellaneous tools are a bitch to clean so I end up going for the easy-to-clean option.
Oh not saying it's not their loss. But when they want to save money you never know what kind of decisions they make.
Dan mis ik ergens toch de scooters wel.. Daar had je tenminste nog een scooterrijbewijs voor nodig, en die bleven vaker van het fietspad af.
