Luckily only weak people think that.
Well done
Fuck that bud I'm getting you stoned as fuck and you're gonna love it. I'll take care of you babby
GET HIM!!
&gt;Wondering how many people in 10-20 years will be completely fucked with debilitating injuries from lifting with poor form. Very Very Very Very Very few people. Not enough people do it, the poundages being used aren't really all that dangerous, and the consistency isn't enough to create an abundance of serious injuries. A few tweaks here and there certainly but nothing substantial (numbers wise at least). While some freak accidents occur, lifting weights (even with shit form) still has nowhere the actual injury rate of other sports. Most with shit technique will never train heavy or consistent enough to sustain any sort of life altering injury. And yes i'll be waiting for all the anecdotal responses of people's family members or close friends who accidentally picked up a barbell once and then died.
Exactly. Gotta learn somehow. Newbies are always going to look like baby giraffe's learning to walk.
GON LEARN TODAY
4 plate rows on a dl bar is god mode for hypertrophy. Very valuable exercise for people to use. Especially those that normally do very strict rows with very little weight. Good rule of thumb is being able to cheat row for reps 50% of your best dl. That gives you the strength to be able to muscle the bar around and make it do what you want it to. Fantastic exercise.
just do upper body work on your lower body days as well. best of both worlds.
oh yeah belt is definitely mandatory hahah
don't let your dreams be dreams baby.
I'm gonna work to pop in more often around here. I've been swamped with work and school and everything else in life. I really enjoy the quality articles and information that get posted here.
Yes Inb4 yogurt beltskin
Do 531 big but boring instead until you're at 400/300/495. Then switch to something like cube/sheiko/juggernaut
Keep doing 531 if it's working for ya. That's a really easy program to turn into a peak for a meet.
absolutely.
great work man!
great job!
Never heard of it
Yeah man no problem. Go ahead and send em
finished my training week with [paused sets of 8 on squat](https://www.instagram.com/p/BdntspijXDL/?taken-by=daveatops). Rehab and recovery is going really well. I can't remember the last time I did pauses for 8s with 4 plates so could possibly be at least a volume PR. Really getting excited to get back on the platform in April.
Good work dude, you can definitely see that all those 3rd attempts are going to be there soon. By the time the next meet rolls around it'll be an even bigger jump on your total. Congrats on the 400 wilks and big pull!
pop tarts and a loaf of hawaiin bread.
YEAH BUDDY!!
coach has me doing gatorade mixed with BCAA's and some gummy bears for intraworkout to keep me going on the 3 hour days. That's worked pretty well on top of making sure to get 3 meals in me before training.
one day soon dammit.
MFW still 3 hours from seattle :(
The back gainz cometh
one of the base peaking cycles I have my lifters use is 4 weeks out: max double on squat, bench, dl (to predict 3rd attempts). This is the heaviest lifts of the training cycle. 3 weeks out: normal training week 2 weeks out: Openers on squat, bench, dl 1 week out: rest till meet day (if people want to come in the gym I'll have them stick to under 50% work).
why not just deadlift correctly?
no problemo.
What are your thirds gonna be?
Those openers are really close to your thirds. I would drop them about 10lbs each (5lbs on bench). Then hit them 2 weeks out from your meet and rest till meet day with some technique work sub 50% the week of the meet if want.
I really dislike the sheiko intermediate cycles. Which is funny since the sheiko advanced medium load is probably my favorite program ever and I ran it for about 2 years. Even then though I never did the sheiko competition cycle. I just really disliked the way peaking is setup on sheiko, it doesn't give you any idea of what openers, 2nds, or 3rds should be. For myself and my lifters I want to have training give me a very accurate idea of what to pick come meet day. I think the sheiko peaking cycle just makes it very hard to put together good attempt selection in the way it is used in the app and makes peaking harder than it needs to be. Luckily peaking isn't a super complicated thing to setup so you can run those programs all the way till 4 weeks out and get a huge boost from dropping the large amount of volume and frequency.
Nope. Can't say I've ever had that thought.
Ripped athletes on drugs talking about their sacrifices to be 2% body fat compared to fluffier natties who don't sacrifice as hard on diet.
Things are looking pretty awesome for the future of big meets. Gets me hyped.
I really wanna see him bring his best package to the US Open.
I'm not taking away from either party because regardless you have to put work in. But it's a different process for both groups and to compare the two so quickly is dismissive and inaccurate. I think lifters need to appreciate both sides and be supportive of both.
Geez finally had a chance to sit down and type out how I've been using them. At my gym we use the weight releasers with individuals who are getting to the point in their benches were they are bringing the bar down very slow in order to control the descent. The problem with this is it zaps any sort of power out of the bottom from taking so long to touch. So we use the weight releasers during warmups and then also during their heavy bench day to practice bringing the weight down controlled and smooth. I also really love using them on close grip work to overload the triceps. So to sum up we use them for A) getting used to the smooth controlled descent required with maximal weight B) overload during heavy days to get a better feel for the maximal weight during submaximal training phases or to overload a specific bodypart that could be lacking.
Geez finally had a chance to sit down and type out how I've been using them. At my gym we use the weight releasers with individuals who are getting to the point in their benches were they are bringing the bar down very slow in order to control the descent. The problem with this is it zaps any sort of power out of the bottom from taking so long to touch. So we use the weight releasers during warmups and then also during their heavy bench day to practice bringing the weight down controlled and smooth. I also really love using them on close grip work to overload the triceps. So to sum up we use them for A) getting used to the smooth controlled descent required with maximal weight B) overload during heavy days to get a better feel for the maximal weight during submaximal training phases or to overload a specific bodypart that could be lacking.
DO IT!! COME TO THE DARK SIDE
Getting stronger? Sounds like work. I'll just starve myself till I'm lighter and so that the shitty weight I'm already lifting is heavier based on bodyweight.
Ideal weight for 6'1 is over 300 so you got a ways to go still. Should probably stop cutting.
Watcha cuttin weight for amigo?
Ideal for powerlifting.
I still giggle when I see under 200lb strongman. ;) but yeah that would probably really helpful to stay athletic for highland games.
You're leaking
oooo baby you on fire today. Me likey.
I agree. Although sometimes beginners will have motor pattern issues with different movements in the same family i.e front squats and back squats. So every once in a while some time has to get spent specifically on one. But yeah that's my philosophy as well, lots of movements, lots of volume, and high amount of GPP work to build work capacity.
My bad. I always assume people want to be good at their hobbies.
Which is perfectly acceptable :)
That would've been the grand slam tho. The triple crown
General Health *salutes
I always wonder why people who are worried about their weight and looks don't do crossfit. Like why pick the sport that is based upon being heavy as fuck for your height lol.
Oh man I forgot about cardio hahahaha. Yes. Yes cardio sucks.
I've always enjoyed the word "throng" to describe a large group of dwarfs, and being that powerlifting has so many short people in it I think it would work well.
combine working sets (sets of 6 instead of 3), add weight, use a variation of the lift, make the lift harder (no shoes, belt, wraps, etc), all sorts of stuff you can do.
Ah I see what you're saying. I always just think of it as an easy term for people to grasp onto and then describe what's going on. Similar to how everyone has SI injuries. But yeah that would be just bad cueing.
DAT SUPERBASS
So you're cutting weight during a phase focused on building muscle? Bold move cotton.
I would wait to be in the peaking phase of your programming to do it.
What have you worked on to get rid of the knee problems with squat?
Man you must be giving this tip out a lot if you're already past the "give credit 2 times and then this is mine" rule.
My best squat in comp is a [661](https://www.instagram.com/p/BQtWftmju0G/?taken-by=daveatops) done in february of last year and my best gym squat is [700](https://www.instagram.com/p/BUU0MZfD_2I/?taken-by=daveatops) done during my IPL world's prep last fall. My first competition squat was 402lbs. In high school I never trained legs and didn't start squatting until 2011 when I could do 275. I've always been a better deadlifter and bencher than squatter but asides from my quad tear at World's I really feel like my squat has finally started to grow into it's own solid lift (it's back up over 500 now for reps since that tear). **Thinks that worked** 1. Gaining weight. I grew from 220lbs to 310lbs over the course of 6 years and that's helped a ton. The more mass I have, the more mass I can move. 2. Not using knee wraps. I started out doing UPA comps which was wraps and hit my first 625 squat before I had ever done 525 in sleeves. You can really short change your quad strength and get by being a grinder using wraps. This puts a pretty large toll on you, especially early in your lifting, that can put your quad growth at a pretty big disadvantage. As soon as I focused on sleeved work 100lbs jumped onto my squat in less than 5 months. 3. Learning to brace. If you can brace well you can set the bar easier on your back with no warmup in the upper body. This is huge when you're a big lifter being plagued by elbow tendonitis. A braced core allows the scapula to move freely and you can get setup much tighter. 4. Rooting. Knowing how to dig the feet in and establish solid ground contact with the feet gets rid of any knee cave or weak bottom positioning. 5. A consistent training program. Put in the time on your programming. I've never done a program for less than 6 months so that I can a) learn the ins and outs of the training program which allows me to adjust it to my needs. b) gives me time to actually progress and not try and force the program to make me stronger immediately. Sheiko, cube, 5/3/1, mag/ort, all of them worked great for me. You can say I'm a good responder to training, I might be who knows, but I've never ran a program and not improved in a lift. Maybe I've just never picked a shitty program but mostly I believe it's due to giving programming the time to work it's magic. 6. VBT. I used an openbarbell when running sheiko to autoregulate my squats which worked remarkably well. If my normal 80% speed was .32m/s and I was hitting that weight at a faster speed, I would add weight until I was at the .32m/s that corresponded to 80%. **what didn't work** 1. Knee wraps (see above) 2. Straight bar squatting continously. I use mostly the duffalo bar and the safety squat bar during my training. Takes a ton of stress off my shoulders and elbows and let's me actually accomplish things without ungodly amounts of tendonitis pain. 3. Leading with the knees. Great way for excruciating knee pain with how i'm built. Similar with squatting in oly shoes. 4. Wide Stance. Kills my hips and I've never had support in the hole with it. It would lower my ROM substantially but just like sumo just can't make it work. So I don't worry about it and just keep getting stronger. **Anything I would have done differently** I would have made sure I started squatting earlier in life (instead of just the last 6 years) and not gone into knee wraps till I was at 800lbs.
everyone says that but I like the android app infinitely more.
Did you bring your stance in or out?
might need to go a bit wider to take the pressure off the knees. You could also try working to a box that doesn't hurt the knees and slowly working down. Also BFR squats help a ton as well as long eccentric (10 seconds or more).
&gt;who here unracks squats walking forward instead of stepping back Not powerlifters.
I mean I've seen the app on IOs and hate it.
doesn't hurt!
I think the interest in sheiko is because it works
Typically eat 4-5 meals a day and calories are 5200 on training days and 4800 on non-training days.
SBD XXS
steak, potatoes, rice a roni, calrose rice, bread, sausages, pizza, taco bell, sushi, chicken thighs, pork, more steak, bbq sauce, ungodly amounts of cheese, pasta, uncrustables, and Juanitas tortilla chips lol.
Justin Timberlake's pecker
I sent out a few emails to certain coaches I was interested in. Then I talked to the ones who messaged me back. Then made a choice from there.
That's what I do. So yes that's ok.
Dennis getting suspended from ipf
Planks
Because they don't know how to fill their diaphragm.
It'll be hard on the triceps yeah so make sure you're doing a lot of accessory work to build them up.
doesn't that program have rpe in it later on? I would probably stick with the easy percentages (or just add like 10lbs on a max) and then wait till it gets to the rpe sets to take the bigger jumps to more challenging weight.
I warmup that way and then as I need to slowly bring my grip back in. Helps a lot with saving the shoulders.
...I'm that guy. Really helps with tendonitis pain for me. But I'm a loser who vapes so I don't really reek of it I guess.
I would adjust to 545
This is every squat day for me. Makes me feel like a red dalmatian.
Beginners progress much faster than 5% a training cycle. Once your numbers improve 5% turns into a larger and larger amount of weight. So once your squat is at 300kg a 5% increase would be awesome! All the competitive lifters I'm friends and talk with didn't start out trying to be competitive from day 1. They just trained. Then a crazy thing happened. They got better. As they got better they became more competitive. Stop putting the horse before the cart.
I understand that you don't like how it makes you look to parents and administrators. I get weird looks all the time when I go out in public with my face all blown up. But just goes with the territory.
Then when you factor wilks into it, you'll actually be stronger growing into the new weight class. Just takes time. Competitive is pretty subjective as well. Like wat, competitive at a local meet or a nationals meet or an international meet? Sometimes I think it's easier to just consider the top lifters as competitive and to keep your head down and focus until you find yourself in that group.
I had to do the same with my bench. Feels so much better after just doing a volume day. we're gonna make it!
Where you at in WA? We have a bunch of great coaches and teams here. If you're near Wenatchee always feel free to come to powerlifting Saturdays at my gym from 11-1. It's free and we can get ya all up to snuff with everything.
Yeah you're gonna tear calluses a lot powerlifting just part of the sport.
Instructions unclear. I spent the $10 on cheeseburgers instead
what happens then when a lifter from canada shows up and makes the meet international?
big advocate for
has a great positive effect for me. Reduced pain from tendonitis and lets me focus on training instead of pain.
People often use too big of a deficit. A small deficit is best.
I really like the STrong shorts for training. But I prefer shorter cuts that are way above the knee so if you like basketball shorts type cuts then definitely not the STrong shorts lol.
Yeah I like the STrong shorts cuz they have a pocket, no draw string, and are short. And they stretch really damn well. They're pretty much all I wear, I bought 7 pairs.
Wow
Bad, I use the word bad to describe Mark's new content.
Which I completely understand. I just think it's a betrayal of the people who built his company and products. It's just hard for me as a diehard slanger guy to see all this pandering to twinks who can't even bench 315 with a slingshot. Like the push pull meet they put on was a fucking joke. It's just a bitter pill to swallow.
It sucks because it wasn't that long ago where I could say "man one day I'm really gonna make it. I'm gonna have this monster total, get a cool sponsorship by a big name company like EFS or Slingshot, and I'm gonna be a guest on the powercast." So you just bust your nuts and start putting in the time and effort and all of a sudden one of those goals just disappears right out from under ya.
I said what i said and I ain't taking it back.
I think Tony Montgomery puts on a great podcast with fantastic lifters. Beyond the Platform is what it's called.
Oh man it would turn into a shit show so fast if I did one hahah. I like interacting with people but have a really hard time just coming up with topics on my own.
Kronic and Kilos. Man that sounds amazing hahaha.
Just sounds like the poops to me
I think it's good that people start to see who provides a solid service with quality standards that they uphold; and who is simply an IG coach shelling out the same hot mess to everyone who throws them 20 bucks.
troof
absolutely, well said!
God palko is so strong.
I made a metric shit ton of progress in my earlier years using cube programming. Works great.
nice job!
If I do 4 days I like to do day 1: paused (either comp style or larsen) for 3-5 reps. day 2: Heavy that rotates through 5s, 3s, and 2s. day 3: 2 variations for reps day 4: 1 variation for reps
i'm gonna get a drone that can just hover above people as they train and offer it as a "platinum package"
It will indeed and I will continue to coach you. Brushing your teeth, taking a poo, making the bed, while you're sleeping. 24/7 monitoring. There's no safer place than under big brothers eye.
THE HIPS DAMMIT, SHOOT THE HIPS THROUGH
I do the deadlifts back to back and superset them with bench.
I haven't used either in a loooooooonnnggg time. Like years lol
MFW i'm a stereotypically huge meathead but also have MS of Applied Exercise Science. But I agree with you, I despise internet lifters who are paralyzed without their precious "studies."
5 bucks says getting a pump falls into an area between MEV and MRV.
Savage
The SHW who's sexy and they know it: gratuitous belly on bench videos, super deep and sensual squats, and a beard body hair combo mixed with a peculiarly shaped package smuggled into a singlet/tights/short shorts.
A fun trick when programming is to plug in your own numbers when using percentages then look at whether that particular training day would be doable/to what degree of suck would it be.
Around 3 hours 5 days a week
I think the downvote was because of a beginner pretending like they know what they hell their doing. It's so simple once you understand it!!
Talkin back? Yep. That's a paddlin
If going by the technical point at which I weigh more than 308, then on yeah. But I don't compete shw...for a while. I don't want to say never lol.
I think if people want a great template for westside and raw then what JP Price is doing right now is a fantastic example.
There's a little sprinkle of all of us in every SHW.
I do 4 week peaks. 4 weeks out heaviest doubles of the training cycle to predicts third attempts 3 weeks out normal training week 2 weeks out openers 1 week out rest
Percentage wise it can be hard to say but most of my lifters hit the prediction of their third attempt that we get from the max double 4 weeks out.
The uspa tested scene is laughably small
# fuckyourspecificity
Probably really gotta focus on your hinge and getting the hamstrings to support the weight. Try doing an rdl row combo. So stand tall, rdl down to below the knee then row up. The rdl position should get the knees out of the way cuz your torso will be more parallel to the floor
Smelly ball licker checking in.
13 weeks post quad tear and I nailed a smooth [705 pull today](https://www.instagram.com/p/BebV36ojW61/). Is gud day
Getting jiggy with it
300lbs and train 5 days a week at around 3 hours a session.
I have 7 pairs. They're pretty much all I wear
Effective cueing: TALK LOUDER
HOORAY FAT PEOPLE
please eat some food instead of so much butt. You so skinny.
open is open to all lifters.
Do some front squats for reps after your heavy squats on the same day.
Good mornings would be a good one to throw in.
FUCK NO. Never ever ever ever ever stop training one lift to bring up others. Why stop having a lift you're really good at? You can bring up the other 2 no problem while still keeping your good lift good.
So like doing 76% of a max squat right ;) My point was that practice like you play doesn't apply to sports where your training IS the sport. 50 miles a week isn't that much if you're running 5x a week. Running periodization is similar to lifting periodization in that it's just building volume and then gradually upping intensity as you peak for a race.
I don't know how you do it. I would explode having to pull and squat everyday haha.
shit i think back to my marine corps days and go no wonder my body fucking hurts now. so much running.
TEAM CPAP!!
CPAP and slip on shoes
God I love split squats so much. A split squat pump is one of my favorite things for my legs.
like this one? https://journals.lww.com/nsca-jscr/pages/articleviewer.aspx?year=2017&amp;issue=02000&amp;article=00002&amp;type=Abstract Or that compares these specific findings to RPE?
for sure. Big juicey quads are never a bad thing. Especially doing my rehab on my left quad it was a big step being able to split squat again.
The wrap is making up for a weaker quad but I don't see it as impeding the quads or making the knee susceptible to injury. If anything I see it as more akin to a slingshot in that it allows for the lift to be overloaded. I don't believe that the wraps make the knees susceptible to injury and the wraps don't keep the quads from firing just like the slingshot doesn't keep the upper body musculature from firing.
fuck yeah dude. Also thank you for getting an IG. Fuck youtube lol.
I mean it could be tons of things when it comes to knee pain. Are they in heels or not, do they break at the knees or the hips first, how upright are they in the hole, tons of stuff. Even down to how they wrap the knee itself or even what they consider "pain." Like it's not like it feels good when I walk down stairs, some people would call that pain I just call it life.
I love my mouthguard.
generic af lol. I ain't spending more than $5 on a mouthguard.
At the top when I need it.
I'd like to say no but my quad tear proves otherwise lol.
Why not do the tempo squats after the higher rep squats. Or do the tempos first and then high reps. Basically why not both?
I lost my one chance at fame haha
I think the biggest hurdle to tackle for people who bench under 300 is muscle mass in the upper body
Since the weight comes off once you make chest contact it encourages you to bring the bar down faster rather than super slow.
Not like bend the bar. Focus on squeezing the pinky hard and then the tightness will spread to the other fingers.
Wenning is who I got that from.
I normally do stuff like sets of 20-30
a burn is a pump tho
do your pumps not burn?????
dude that's a stellar bunch. fuck yeah man.
Can I be a walrus ;)
When I find out I'll tell ya hahah. I imagine it's just the body making use of the dominant side.
Best part was that was my 3rd try at it hahah.
I do DB pressing for reps. I only have up to 70lb dumbbells so I do 2 sets and aim for 100 reps. So like 60 reps first set and 40 reps next set.
you looked great on camera like always.
Buried it too. Fuck
I mean I can do the 70s for a fuck ton of reps single arm too lol. I like dumbbells for hypertrophy but I would really need to get some heavy ones to fix a strength issue.
oh man chains kill my elbows lol. All the wibble wobble makes me want to put myself down hahahah. Yeah it's a tricky issue for sure. Current plan is to just keep getting stronger so that it only does on a true max hahah.
I use SSB about once a week as well. I just like the duffalo more
woot woot! That's awesome man! DL gainz ahoy!
Along the lines of what u/ZBGBs said is you're probably focusing on pushing so hard the shoulder loses position. The solution to that is to focus on locking out "short." Aka only focus on locking out the elbow. The bench stroke back up should be a short path not a long giant ROM. People spend a lot of time working on arching but then have these long and slow presses. Here's the video I use for clients to show them the difference. https://drive.google.com/file/d/0B0ZNr_CAOA_GZElhMlU4Tk80X3c/view?usp=drivesdk
#LIVESTRONG
&gt;if you run your meet at your own gym This is the good life and has made life so much easier for my state chair. He gets to run the meets for free and I collect door sales at $5 a pop for everyone over 12 years old. Absolutely Win Win.
Still better than when the teenage lifters play kanye.
Accessories is a good idea lol.
The pec will just push the boobs up more
These are the questions we need science to answer
Sometimes I feel like i'm the only one who loves social media. I get to see what my direct competition is doing. I get to see what the lifters who I look up to are doing. I get to communicate with both groups daily. I get to see which people make intelligent training decisions and make incredible things happen on the platform. I get to see people who make awful training decisions and make incredibly awful things happen on the platform (and even sometimes legit great things!). It's a constantly refreshing resource that I get to use every single day. Sure it's easy to get caught up in lifting for the gram. But you have to make mistakes first in order to learn from them. Sometimes we all need a nice thick slice of humble pie. In regards to the article tho I think focusing on the floor and the training you can do any day of the week, peaked/unpeaked, on low calories/bloated to the max, is a fantastic way to go about building top end performance for competition day.
I know a few buddies who are pretty secret squirrel about it. But I figure if it makes it easier to get new clients than it's worth my competition see all my high squats and dropped deadlifts lol. That sweet sweet validation from peers is too much to resist.
sure can bud
Kirill Sarychev without a question
I use 1RM when programming so either one.
That's fair, I think the best drug tested bencher is for sure Jenn. Question was who was the overall best which to me doesn't take into account the difference between tested and non tested. It's just a number question in my head.
Never ending --&gt; 405x6 for 2 sets lol. Worth it
I mean its no fun for me at all without at least some bitching lol.
Both
I said it lol
Not my low back but my thoracic spine does when I squeeze my back together
there we go! much better
what a glorious day indeed it was.
Been recovering from a fair bit of shoulder pain since my last meet in april. Switched to using the fat pad for bench and a 1 board for the last 2 weeks. Has made all the world of difference already and it feels great not to have all that AC joint pain benching. [Hit a pretty easy 465 double today](https://www.instagram.com/p/BjsqtGaBO20/?taken-by=daveatops) to cap off my last heavy bench before a deload. Things are shaping up nice for a bench only meet in september and a full meet in November.
ouchies build character.
Yeah september 15th at OPS in wenatchee
&gt;405lbs lol umm maybe if you're a 52kg woman. More like 405kg. Easy trade for a little huffin and puffin.
I mean it's certainly been entertaining haha.
&gt; no~~Monolifts~~ ER Racks. Fixed that for ya bud.
My take is people program percentages WAY TOO FUCKING AGGRESSIVELY. They should be a minimum for a day that you can adjust upwards from based on bar speed/RPE/etc.
Man its so hard to keep track of who did it first. Now i feel jipped i didn't learn about everything nazi in history class.
Maybe he liked it better than his last name in olde english across the belly lol.
Balance and elite performances typically don't go together. I don't have cardio problems but I wouldn't feel bad having them if I was squatting a grand. I agree that lifters should be conditioned enough that they can train hard. But I dont think they need to be able to run either. Conditioning is specific to the demands of the sport.
jipped is????
yeah I was still running Marine Corps PFTs at 250lbs so it's not like I didn't try the whole cardio thing. But at 315lbs I'm not about to do anything more than some short sided agility demos or acceleration drills, I'm not sprinting across football fields or going out for 5ks. And yeah during the last few weeks of meet prep when I have to grab a shopping cart just to hobble through a store because my back is pumped so hard, it's just something I know is a sacrifice in order to lift my best.
75-80%
well it is the controversial thread.
Counterpoint: At the end of the day you should be good at the things you choose to spend your time on.
won't matter they'll still be benching under 405 with a shirt like the bitches they are.
waddup thin privilege lol
I just wanna hug you so much right now. Well done.
I agree. This sounds amazing. It would be more like a bed sheet rather than a cape tho.
&gt;point of agreement [Cue bro hug](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=K5D-XQF2VDw)
I've had mine for 3 years
6/7 depending on the day.
From the velcro
I know lmao
Yes
Had some bench fun today and hit a [455x4 larsen press to a 1 board](https://www.instagram.com/p/Bj0C8hThYZH/?utm_source=ig_share_sheet&amp;igshid=j0lj1w1y7dih)
nice man! Great job staying patient through that lockout.
try and drag it up the shins instead of letting it float away
u/djrecny
WHY CAN'T YOU JUST MAKE FRIENDS
I mean at the meet lol.
That meet shouldn't have been put on. What an absolute shit show. You absolutely shouldn't have been put in charge of so much. That meet director should be disallowed from hosting future meets. What a joke.
It's the body dysmorphia. We all have it. Makes it really hard to notice both increases and decreases in size. I know for myself I feel the difference of another 100lbs added to me since I started. But other times it feels like I'm not growing at all even though I know that's not the case.
Aaaaaahh. Yeah good call
I just compete in what is convenient. I can meet any standard with my lifts so I don't really care where they are done. Ideally I look to compete with friends and good competition. I dislike all the federations equally.
As long as they don't go past you're fine. You can also push them out more if you feel better with them more vertical
ah to max everyday lol
Grip is absolutely an issue still with hook once the weight is heavy enough
What a waste of money and resources.
Right??? Because our prisons aren't already a shit show of epic proportions. Now let's throw people in there because they popped for taking the wrong preworkout.
Bryce Lewis as an example of successful with low T. So yes.
nice pulls man! Those looked good.
There are a metric fuck ton of variables lol. But basically diet, training, leverages/technique.
For me Squat: once every 3-4 weeks Bench: every 2-3 weeks Dl: similar to squat
Its not a legitimate point. No real powerlifter argues for that. Just wannabes
When big dogs has all weight classes it will be the best meet on the planet.
I like the under 18 option
Untested life. Time to coke up lol
Yuuuuuuupppp
a mix of both.
I mean not gonna lie I wanna do a max 4 board lol.
If you're training alone you can't let a lack of handouts hold you back, either set up face savers or just don't miss. I did my entire meet prep and competition with self handouts and it went fine. You just got to get used to it and learn to setup a little further back on the bench. It sucks because it's easier to hit the uprights but it's doable.
Gain weight
My privilege is leaking
Thank you. Exactly my reason for posting it.
Every single one of his squats was high as fuck and it was a gift he didn't bomb out.
YEAH BUDDY!
&gt;Opinions on this template? It's an illegible mess.
Yes
Bar 1 pl8 2 pl8 3 pl8 4 pl8 5 pl8 Working sets at around 6 pl8 typically
I do wallslides, tactical frog, hip airplanes and calf raises before squats. That's it.
Yeah I'm gonna be doing main sets for at least an hour. If I take a long warmup 2.5 goes to 3.5 hrs real easy.
setting your feet to create a stable and locked in connection with the ground. https://drive.google.com/open?id=0B0ZNr_CAOA_GOVRzaVhEdTcwQlk
welcome to the good life.
waterload for a kilo. lol.
get you a coach that can do both? lol
Eeeexxcceellleennttt
First I put on my shoes. That typically gets a good sweat going. Then I just go 1 pl8 2 pl8 3 pl8 4pl8 5pl8 6pl8 7pl8 then whatever jumps I need to take from there. I only do singles on warmups. Don't over complicate it. Just get yourself feeling good and go for it.
I always round up. Never down.
Accessories build muscle and correct imbalances. They aid and compliment the barbell lifts. Leaving them out is a big time error. I actually start my newbies off with just 1x a frequency and devote the entire day to each main lift. Then we add on a 4th day once they've acclimated to that which is composed of a squat variation, a bench variation, and lots of accessories. A general format I'll use on a training day is the comp lift + 2 variations + 4 accessory exercises.
failed what? Failed a warmup lift?
when internet sarcasm at 5am doesn't register in my brain lol.
When I'm the only one who doesn't think powerlifting is boring to watch.
21 for 315 and 23 for 405.
I had a fucking blast watching IPF World's. Tons of strategy with attempt selection, good commentary, relatively fast paced meet. Was a great spectator sport.
CPAP and daily 1.5 hr nap THC+CBD FreezeSleeves. They're a fantastic product. Staying away from recreational activities that will fuck up my lifting the next day like going out drinking every week. Also was just reminded about meditation. I do 10-20 minutes everyday which has been stellar for my overall mood and wellbeing. I use the headapace app and love it.
Marry me
Yeah I've done oils, tinctures, all of em.
at 6'1 and 320? yuuuuuuuupp. To be fair i've probably had it for a long time but 2 years ago I decided to get tested.
lol why does it suck? It's like the world's easiest condition to remedy. CPAP sleep is fucking dope. It's absolutely caused by muscle. I've had a 16+ inch neck since I was 14. Right now it's at 22 inches.
My last meet prep I hit my opener for a single 2 weeks out from a meet on squat which was 91%, bench was a 95% single, and my last dl was 3 weeks out which was also a single. But the quick answer is it depends.
nasal spray
After openers i dont do shit lol
BUT RTS SAYS!!
If I'm coaching someone and using RPE i'm calling the weight, not the lifter. Way easier. Another shenanigans is using RPE but not tracking bar speed or at the very least filming. Film and actual data are accurate, your brain...not so much.
THAT WAS WORK ASSHOLE. AND ITS ALL BETTER THANK YOU VERY MUCH.
I mean the first 6 were no problem it was the last one that got me hahaha
Meatheads or millionaires??
Dude what a stellar day! I was on a rollercoaster all day and ot was beyond great watching you put rverything together. Next time you compete you're squatting 550!!
I always skip that day/modify it to be actually doable.
As long as you're pulling the bar into your back still its ok if your wrists bend.
Nice work!!
how much do you weigh and how tall are you?
First meet was a 435 total in 2013 and last meet was a 842.5 total in april.
I was 240. So 80lbs ago haha
BeefPuff is definitely a superb coaching service. They do great work with their athletes.
The triceps i do heavier cuz mine are strong. The biceps I typically stay between 25-35lbs for dumbbells. so yeah lighter.
There's so many better ways to train why even bother doing something like this?
You did awesome man and really brought a great gameday performance. 500 will be there in no time!
it wasn't bad, it was just 505. Just trying to get used to the summer heat still.
Glad it helped!
That's a lucky buddy of yours ;) hahaha. I feel so famous
I would recommend doing it in person first. You learn a lot more being able to fix issues in real life before trying to do it online.
I approve. Only sensible solution.
Dude is a monster. Love that guy
I can. And do. Regularly
8
You should feel your glutes fire up yes
I'm finally living my dream and doing a bench only.
you just flair a little early out of the bottom cuz the weights heavy. Start doing every rep paused and your pop off the chest is gonna be way better. Don't forget your larsen's too. Proportion wise your bench looks fine. If your shoulders get cranky just use some boards or a fat pad or both for a bit.
It's not hard to do at all at our size. Getting stronger and losing weight. Just takes time. Do both. Constantly push to improve body composition.
YEAH BUDDY!!!
TAG TEAM
Stop being a puss. Load that bar up
it's like how shooting guns is fun outside the military but as soon as you're doing a giant police call on the range all the fun is sucked out of it. Probably the same for sword fighting with rules
which is a sensible way to go about it. I know i'll never stop going to the gym, LEADING THE WAY LIKE RONNIE, but there will definitely be a day in the future that I can't push numbers anymore. Then it'll be bodybuilding. 40 years of mass cultivation will make quite the package.
If a short lifter is deadlifting rounded that's an even worse position than it is for a tall lifter.
People are welcome to outpull me and tell me to stfu. Until then fix your candycane bullshit
Couldn't agree more with it being situational. I agree with all your points as well. I fucking hate when ppl use the KK excuse. How anyone could justify not trying to make their technique as crisp and efficient as possible is beyond me. I stick to the idea that if you wanna use KK as an example then you better pull within 200lbs of him.
If he has a 2200 total like comment history implies then I have no problem believing it. My dl isnt even above 8 yet. I'm like the last of my friends that will pull 8 lol. 8 is where all the dl respect is. God if I squat 8 before I pull it I'll die. But yeah i didnt take it as aggressive or disrespectful. He made a good point.
Don't worry you pull more. I'm a shithead who can do a 705x3 and a 725x2 but then tear thumbs at lockout with fucking 727.5 lol.
Not even excel anymore. I just track it in my head and IG
That's a great point with the women's classes. Those numbers need to be updated for sure with the level of talent on the women's side now. I hadn't thought about that. I agree the "master" classification is shenanigans lol. Does USAPL even put out a list that is class 1, master, elite, etc? I agree the higher qualifying totals was a great move and I like that they're being adjusted every 3 years as the sport continues to grow.
I program them in as backoff work or their own day if its a 2nd squat day that week
God that means i have to compete in 2019 and cant just rest on my shitty laurels.
Super proud of you brother. I was jumping up and down with excitement for how great every lift was looking. Stellar performance and damn do we have some great momentum going into offseason.
Proud of u
I would consider losing 15kg off my squat for all of a 7.2 kg cut after 4 months to be really shitty. Especially at those numbers. You should still be getting stronger even if you're cutting.
Yeah. I would seriously reconsider how you've been training.
Its important to find both what doesn't work and what does with training. So now you have good data and you can make adjustments to your programming that will get you back on track.
[New sheiko ebook is out](https://www.instagram.com/p/BrS48JEgWQ-/?utm_source=ig_share_sheet&amp;igshid=594jbna6m7f7). 30 bucks is a steal
I could never stop saying dude. Its burned into how i talk.
Peptides are so cool tho! I've seen tons of people post inject videos, it's always the selling that gets people put in jail. IRS wants its money. Its 2018, gotta ozark that shit.
I let some ppl do barbell work up to 50% week of but only on 1 day. Rest of the time they rest. Like chained up and starved animals. Makes em hungry on meet day. To be fair though they carry a lot more accumulated fatigue than most and are thankful for the week of rest. Just goes to show everything works with buy in. If you forget how to lift in a week you're not ready to be competing yet anyways.
I like the maximum of 70% for sure. It's crazy when I see people hitting rpe 8+ on meet week, like fuck me I would curl up in a ball and die hahah. Do you think there's a big difference between peaking strategies for tested and untested? I don't think one works better than the other but I know it's pretty common for untested to take the week off (which is really the school of thought where I learned the most because there wasn't a solid tested scene before 2015).
self care is best care.
So true
Nailed it
Yeah I'm jealous AF lol. I would fly to iceland if it meant i could bench on a fatpad haha
I wouldn't call the 3rd dl close. He lost his grip pretty early into that pull. But grip is always the hardest part after squatting over a grand.
I love my apeman hoodies
yep
well it doesn't at your size ;)
Within 24 hours lol. More like minutes at the most haha. Glued to my damn phone all day.
Fuckin fast too
Team Smelly 4 life.
even regular shipping from efs is ridiculous lol. Honestly it's why I buy more rogue products.
No I've just been around the sport since before 2016 unlike the majority of people who dislike Mark.
To be fair the ladies dont give a fuck about how you look either. Its not just sheiko ;)
Weight releasers are the best tool you can use for this
Routine. Your training is part of your overall daily structure. Just like brushing your teeth, going to school, and taking that dump at 9am. We follow our routines without the need for motivation, its just our lifestyle and how we live. Motivation will always come and go. Over the years a lot of training sessions will just be punching your time card. Keep to your schedule and routine. Let that be the constant in your life when everything is going to hell. Before you know it you'll be through the shit times and life will be back to normal.
He's alright when he's not being so extra.
yes
I will NEVER quit IG. I can't wait to be 70 and posting dank memes and videos.
That was what I felt mattered when comparing 2 coaches and who you wanted to go with. Things I think matter when looking for a coach in the first place 1. Education and who they learned to coach from and how long they've been coaching. 2. What their preferred methods of communication are and how often you are able to speak with them. Also their time table for responses. 3. What their expectations are for what you as a lifter are responsible for communicating
Ooooo baby you know just what to say to make a man feel good in the morning.
Fun fact. Vlad's belt is custom from Pioneer. It's 5 inches wide and 15cm thick. It weighs 5 pounds. Going by the equipment rules of all federations it doesn't meet spec. AKA same rules that cucked Josh Morris for wearing athletic boxer shorts during a meet. So technically not a world record in any fed but simply the heaviest raw squat done in comp.
I just brought my kid with me to the gym.
You need to pull the slack out of the bar before you set your hips. That will keep your hips from going to low and shooting up without the bar moving. Get your breath up top, bend over and grab the bar, Pull the slack out of the bar and set your upper back, drop the hips while maintaining upward pressure on the bar, stand.
As soon as we were driving him places I was taking him to the gym. There's noise cancelling headphones that babies can wear (you see them all the time at concerts and sports games). I just put him in his jogger and kept him next to me the whole time.
not gonna lie there was definitely a day he wouldn't stop throwing a fit and so I put him in the bathroom and closed the door while I finished my set lol. Perks of owning your own gym I guess.
Welcome to powerlifting where your lifts being big comes 2nd to being a nice person on social media. That was a helluva lift and deserves props.
My only goal is to not let you out total me by the end of the year lol
I learned from u/sergei650 to pull them apart. Works the best for me and my lifters.
Apeman only
This is the absolute best answer I've seen. Gym ain't shit without a community behind it.
Split squats, lunges, step ups, leg press, leg ext, leg curl, glute ham raise, etc. You dont need a bar to train your legs.
I just bought mine today. am so excite.
He doesn't want it bad enough
Remember how shitty ur squat looked???
I probably should have brought a film crew cuz I was hyping up real good on squat but on the 3rd dl I just about lost my mind and had a big hat throw "god dammit" finish.
I went full windup monkey with cymbals.
[this is what i do instead of stupid crap like glute thrusts](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=a8f-c31u2GA) another option is a dimel deadlift. That's like an rdl except you stop just below knee cap and lockout explosively for high reps (12-20).
you should pull out the slack instead of yanking.
This will not be over quickly. You will not enjoy this.
Headline reads : old man yells at young deadlifters
What does your coach say is the reason?
I guess I'm just confused how a prep can be going well but your numbers haven't gone up. If a prep is going well training maxes are moving up and/or you're hitting rep and weight PRs, all of which lead to improvements in your lifts before the peaking cycle even begins.
Well I'm not doing a 50 for 200 reps. Collge days are long behind me.
Its probably a bigger part because any vegetable with excel can do programming lol
Babies teaching other babies. Just a proud poppa over here.
Chin down knees bent. Just how the thots like it.
Tell me more about your almost 2k total
STOP ENCOURAGING HIM
you hear how absolutely dead and silent it is in there? ...fun place to train.
great work!! You have plenty of time to get to the 84 class in 2020 so just take your time and establish the proper eating habits you need now to make it a smooth transition.
Form good. Tempo bad. Speed it up in between reps. Ur losing all of your tension.
BOOM!
Yeah I'm still in shock from yesterday. ALL THE MOMENTUM THIS WEEK!!
you're fucking nuts. That place looks like a dumpster fire.
Pull conventional. Then when your sumo is shit you can still pull. It'll be at a lower percentage but your back will get the work that it needs to hold position.
Completely agree.
also agree
What's really short sighted is wasting the valuable time you have to be at your all time best by doing PCT. If you're gonna pin, pin till ur done. Especially for where OP is as a lifter they should absolutley be on a higher cruise so their body develops the musculature it needs for higher totals. It's such a waste of time to yo yo ur levels like this.
i'm taking out student loans and making my own gym lol.
it's a vicious circle
Harold and Kumar
That's why we have this lovely sub! Sometimes we just need to hear it
Yep, thats the standard for life now.
Man we almost went a whole couple of months before this stupid topic got brought up again. So close!
that is never going to happen. Ever. Nothing about bench needs to change. Every lifter has an advantage to one lift based on their leverages. A big bencher is gonna have difficulty with either squat or deadlift, it all ends up evening out.
nailed it. it's just a cash grab now.
It's a huge pain in the ass to coach yourself and stay objective. Also it's another way to refine your own coaching by seeing how peers and mentors do it.
Bring the kiddo if you can and as soon as you can! I love having my son in the gym with me.
White lights for the pure gritty balls of that pull. Fuck yeah dude.
Hooray!!!!
I own my own gym
Same
Seems like a lot of hassle to save 30-50 bucks every 10 weeks.
Yeah that's true rather than one big dose pre flight lol.
Not for you!
Waddup placebo lol
1200 bucks on paypal billmelater and you're rockin and rollin.
Proud of you.
Juiciest county in the fucking state girl.
I think it was fucked when uspa tested meets started to have to be conducted on different days. That kills the ability to put on meets in smaller communities.
"Sheiko conjugate" lol
Daily thread
Don't treat it any different than any other working weight.
US, GB, UE, Aus, Italy, all over this globe.
are you trying to drop weight?
I guarantee I've never said 198. Those 2lbs you shorted are critical!!
GOD JUST LET ME WARM UP FIRST
it's a specific technique called rooting. It's one of the first things that anyone lifting should learn. The twisting into the ground engages the abductors and glutes into the lift.
stop training the week of to let it heal. You should be fine to do your last deadlift stuff but squatting and reaggravating it right now isn't worth it. So rest. Wrist extensions with a dumbbell or wrist roller. ice packs on the arms 2x a day and ibuprofen everyday until the meet. [Here's some more stuff you can do for the tendonitis that actually works unlike fucking stupid ass curls which don't do fucking shit](https://www.instagram.com/p/ByqNSqrA-7E/)
Great fucking work man!
nope
all the time. I make tick marks on the whiteboard
Touch n go is easier in terms of work capacity, as in you can do more weight for more reps since you're not restarting each rep from scratch. I do tng because I want to do more weight for more reps. If I do dead stop it's typically for only doubles.
fucking clutch
Lmao. Like I clean my gym
fuck it, load er up.
Bunch of uspa meets in wa for you to compete in!
2x BW eh. Hhhmmmmm
Where the meet is at depends on how it goes. August at PAC?
Probably 40% of my free money goes to food. But I eat out a good amount too.
Yeah its gonna be a moderately long day. Probably 6-8 hours. The bremerton meets run even longer. It'll be squat bar, er rack to squat out of, forza bench to bench on with a normal power bar, and a texas dl bar. It'll be 3 full flights and possibly even a fourth. But its a fun time at at Tinos meets. Much better atmosphere. will probably be hot.
Rab was absolutely longer than DF for sure lol.
All the fucking time. I watch good lifters CONSTANTLY. Every single day. Trevor jaffe, eric lilliebridge, joe coursey, bridgefords pull, malanichev, dan green, jeremy avilla, countless others.
50-60%
It's not that the program is designed for people on gear, your recovery is either a.) Poor or b.) Not enough to handle the current training program. Especially if you have trouble gaining weight, your calorie intake could simply not be high enough for your current training program. So either increase your recovery or modify the program to allow for more recovery.
wall slides for the next year until it goes away. Also I really dig the wrist roller for reducing bicep pain when it flairs up.
Somebody has been browsing my fansonly account I see.
I've had a few clients use RP and all of them have had solid success on it. It's boring as fuck but it works.
I like both. I'll program more reps on the top set and back off when further out away from a meet and then switch to singles with more reps on the back offs at around that 8 weeks out mark.
daily thread
Honestly my hypertrophy needs in terms of high rep sets and tons of volume are very nominal if not gone at this point. I've been in the gym since I was 12 and and I'm 32 now. Didn't start powerlifting till I was in my mid early 20s and all that time prior was hypertrophy work and a significant portion of the last 7 some odd years of powerlifting have been super high volume. The weights at this point are heavy enough to give me a hypertrophy stimulus without the need for much else, despite being super low volume. For accessory work now I do belt squats post squat and 2 sets of amrap pushups for bench. On day 2 if I get a wild hair I'll do some curls or whatever but I don't really need it anymore. At this point focusing on longevity with progression is a higher priority over some slight gains in my arms or shoulders. The third point for me is if I do add more volume that significantly affects my recovery which can then interfere with my progression. Adding 5lbs a week for 15+ weeks takes a decent amount of recovery so I don't want to risk losing out on progression for the sake of hypertrophy that isn't the highest priority for my training age. So I guess the short answer would be at 32 and 320lbs my hypertrophy needs are very small and satisfied by my current training load.
Just do one rep per set. The isometric is pretty draining if you are pushing as hard as possible and the following rep isn't going to be nearly as strong.
YEAH BUDDY! MOMENTUM!
SCHWING. Lol 6 weeks into a new program. Man we hit gold.
nope.
[660 squat, 465 bench](https://www.instagram.com/p/B7WqjLEghSs/) today. About 5 weeks out from a bench only meet and feeling pretty damn swell. My back off sets are just 5lbs away from all of my squatting work for the day being above 600lbs and I've benched over 400lbs every week (outside of one week off post meet) since late July. Pretty ecstatic to be feeling so consistent and best of all completely pain free. Which is not a feeling I'm used to at all.
Weekly for me
Foot elevated goblet squats. put the leg that you lean away from in the hole on an elevated platform (plate or 2 stacked on top of each other) slightly in front of the other foot. Then squat down focusing on driving through that elevated leg. Do like a 2x15 before squatting or between sets. Although with your squat I think you should consider narrowinf your stance a smidge. You'll have better position, depth, and power and less chance of shift.
Weed
I am infinitely stronger since joining u/Jeggerz on the green side some 4 years ago.
It was probably one of the best decisions I've ever made in regards to hiring Trevor Jaffe to coach me after I tore my quad in 2017. I learned a shit ton from Trevor and he has always treated me as a peer and been an incredible role model as a coach. For me as a coach, education is ongoing and being lucky enough to have gotten to work with arguably one of the top coaches in powerlifting right now is a pretty cool thing to have experienced and gone through. Positional cues and drills have all had an immense effect on the quality of coaching my clients have received since working with Trevor. All of that knowledge I learned in turn I got to add to my own skillset and pass on to others. One coach can only spread their message so far, but groups of us working in alignment can do a shit ton for the lifters of the sport and teach them how to recognize the difference between good information and bullshit. I think if coaches are reluctant to learn from one another it does an immense disservice to us all. That's one of my favorite parts about powerlifting, talking shop and numbers at meets in the warmup rooms. Everybody exchanging and learning. Being a coach with a coach is a great opportunity for mentorship on top of all the benefits as an athlete yourself.
Dude I saw the lifts you've been postin you're freaking killing it bro!!
She reminded me of an alternate plan that I wanted to get started on once I finish the doctorate. I wanna snag some land and put a house and a separate steel structure as a gym. Then put in a training field for conditioning work, pool, hot cold contrast baths, the works. Then I'll be able to move all my work to home and be able to film and create content even easier, while freeing up more time for family time (we wanna start fostering soon and that would help a lot with logistics).
echoing what u/OmnipotentStudent said. Get your communication expectations worked out so that you are both satisfied. It's not unheard of to get feedback once a week but if you expect more then that needs to be communicated and understood by all parties.
I program larsen's anywhere from 65% to 85%. With a few exceptions for a shenanigans single here or there. Rep ranges I use for intensities would be 65%- 6-10 reps 70%- 6-8 reps 75%- 4-6 reps 80%- 2-4 reps 85%- 1-3 reps
glorious
https://drive.google.com/file/d/1_ToA_HbZCn7S_w_5hV_HNo47x7NgpDoP/view?usp=drivesdk
The last two deloads I've had outside of my standard 5 weeks out meet prep were 24 weeks and 20 weeks apart. For clients I have probably the majority now between every 12-16 weeks, with a few on a more traditional 6-8s weeks. Been doing a lot of work with small but constant progressions and being able to chain pretty big training blocks together without needing to significantly dial back intensity and volume like we would on a deload.
Church sound.
took me 3 years to hit 500 in comp on bench. The stronger u get the longer they last but the sweeter it feels to blast past them.
Easy Strength is probably one of my favorite books in S&amp;C. Dan John has such a huge influence on my career as a S&amp;C coach. Always simple and effective guidelines that allows you to adapt to any situation or constraint.
I love and value you bud!
I just put one up.
damn right we do
Dat .3% club! Aaawww yeah
Alright this has been up for a bit so I'll throw my info in here as a reference for others. My name is Dave Osborn MS in Applied Exercise Science with a focus on sports nutrition BS Kinesiology Certified Strength and Conditioning Specialist (CSCS) Certified Sports Nutritionist through the International Society of Sports Nutrition (CISSN) USA Weightlifting level 1 sport performance coach Currently pursuing my Educational Doctorate of Leadership In Health and Human Performance and begin my dissertation on the effects of Communication Frequency on Online Powerlifting Coaching Fall 2020. My best lifts are a 700 squat, 512 bench, and a 694 dl at SHW in sleeves. As a coach I work with every age and strength level under the sun, from beginners to elite lifters competing in the US Open. One of my favorite parts of coaching is seeing lifters evolve over their careers from knock knee beginners to technically and mentally capable high end performers. The noticeable improvements in self-efficacy and sport performance that my lifters gain over the years never fails to motivate me as a coach and continue to help those compete in the sport I love. My athletes learn to analyze technique errors and motor faults, how to program based on needs assessment, and are heavily encouraged and supported in passing that knowledge on to others in order to build the proficiency and technical ability of all powerlifters. That some of my lifters choose to become coaches themselves and help others is one of my proudest accomplishments as a coach. As a coach I value communication with my lifters highly. I believe that when coach and athlete are working together and aligned in purpose there is nothing that cannot be accomplished. All of my programming is custom to the individual lifter based on a needs analysis, equipment availability, and dialogue with that lifter on what they struggle with. I send out training on a weekly basis. On training days I have athletes send me their working sets (or whatever lift they want me to look at) on WhatsApp where I can review and send back cues, videos, feedback, voice messages, etc. to elicit the changes we want to make. Often times I am able to make multiple corrections during a single training session which heavily negates one of the disadvantages of distance coaching. You can dm me here on reddit or reach me on IG [through my profile daveatops](https://www.instagram.com/daveatops/).
relatively strong people aren't benching 500lbs lol.
Long bones create the potential for big muscles. You need to grow your legs.
You need to fill out your leverages if you want them to be an advantage for you. If you have long bones you gotta fill em out. If a lift is hard one of the first questions should be "do i have enough muscle for my frame?"
How does it stack up to a bench daddy?
OH WOW WHAT AN ORIGINAL ARGUMENT. WHY HAS NO ONE THOUGHT OF IT BEFORE??
Wow I've literally never heard this point before. Really makes me think....
Semper Fi brother.
Lol man until last year that was gonna be a real possibility hahaha. Thank god i finally broke that barrier.
6'1 and I'm 310 right now after being about 320-330 for the last 2 years.
Fuck I'm not looking forward to my first one that's a full session.
People hate things they suck at lol
Lol i charge $175 now for new clients. Dammit I don't meet the cutoff anymore. But I agree I'm better than barbell medicine haha
In terms of results how long have you been doing it, where did your lifts start, and where are they at now?
i knew this thread would pay off lol.
damn that's gonna be a great feather in the cap for this year.
You need to learn how to create [thoracic extension](https://www.instagram.com/p/BrqxKKKANS6/?utm_source=ig_web_copy_link) and then hold that position when you go to start. I would recommend getting rid of the pump fakes. Get your air at the top, hinge back, grab the bar, pull the slack and create your thoracic extension, then drop the hips (while keeping the bar pulled up) and stand. the more time you spend in the bottom setting up the looser you're going to get and it will make it hard to create first rep consistency set to set.
Mine haven't hurt for over 2 years now. Fixed my shoulder mobility for squat and changed my lift frequency. No more pain.
The new shirts are like roided out slingshots rather than stiff no movement nightmares.
It's the perfect mix of fear, adrenaline, and fuck yeah watch me kill this shit.
APA, SPF, from what I've heard UPA soon, and maybe a few other random ones here and there. Now that the 1105 was hit in a style of shirt like this it's the next wave and evolution of the short. It's way easier for a raw lifter to use this bench daddy shirt than something like the ragex I've used before. It's a VERY good product and I think it would be a benefit to the sport to adopt it sooner rather than later.
Wew I'm unsure how it would look and work but I'd be super curious to see haha.
I'm pretty sure Ryan Kennelly just has them sent to him every few weeks lol. Probably a tight inner circle thing and might just have to bite the bullet and wait. I've had to wait a while for bench daddy's before too.
I'm always down to dabble lol
it would take a lot of national and international wins from that coach's lifters and even then probably not lol.
