Ayyy, that's the OJ number
A spotter would just get in the way. If he fails, the catch bars are there to catch the weight.
All I can picture when thinking of that is the scene in ~~Inception~~ Interstellar. Edit: it was one in the morning when I wrote this comment lol
This game is either gonna be a shootout or a snoozer that features a 94 yard long TD run from Derrick Henry
Will this be the game to decide McCarthy's fate?
My bad, this is where we were supposed to run a triple reverse using nothing but TEs
You're right, I should know by now his name is Duke Stocker
The NFL app says Mariota threw it to Taylor for -38 yards.
7 total field goals should tell you all you need to know about this game. I'm in no rush to remember it
You guys think the fake Evan is someone we met before? A former criminal using his name?
Can they hire a new HC from outsourcing in the middle of the season? Or are they just tryna call dibs?
Nowadays, plumbers use Pex Plastic for water lines. A lot easier to install, doesnt break like CPVC and Poly. Easier to fix than copper, and doesnt rust the water like galvanized does. ABS plastic pipe is used in new construction too, for drains
We are all BLESSED on this BLESSED day
We can probably keep Orakpo for a 3rd down specialist though. Morgan, I agree with, he was never a strong pass rusher to begin with. Orakpo would still be a great mentor for the young guys we bring in and Landry. I would love to keep Rak
Fucking reddit. Never fails to confuse me. Every other variance of "nice" gets several upvotes, but fuck this guy in particular
We goblin slayer now
Great trades, but there is no way we trade Aminu for a backup guard. Collins and Meyers aren't as good, defensively, as he is. Collins needs more time to grow before he truly blossoms. It's too early for him to be a full time starter
Sean Lee has been bad this year and you're letting past judgement cloud your view on Sean Lee.
Lol since when did his past reflect on the present? Did you know players can regress too? Sean Lee, when healthy this year, has been outplayed by LVE. By a pretty wide margin. Your comparison using Nuk isnt good either, because a WR Corp cannot have too many playmakers. If Coutee somehow becomes just as good as Nuk did if Nuk goes down, then that's even better for the Texans when he returns. The Cowboys have no use for an injury prone aging LB who has lost a step when on the field this year.
Doing a hard rebuild after our beloved owner just passed? Hard no, this team has to stick it through the mud. Dame will see to it.
*on national debate stage* "Russia just threatened the EU with WW3, what are your first actions as president?" "I would definitely run Marshawn Lynch at the 1 yard line" "*Damn, this guy is good*"
Gronk would grab rebounds like a motherfucker, but will be hurt by the 3rd quarter. You already know that Edelman and Brady are their old ass white dude 3 point snipers. Use Stephen Gostkowski to counter Dray's natural ~~kicking~~shooting motion with his own natural shooting motion. The McCourty twins got good length for defending. Shit, its close
That was done a bit in the Bayou arc when Ouki's army was trapped. Everyone was a demon trying to escape with their General intact.
Might want to tag this NSFW
Sucks for 49ers fans tho
Thats God talent
Texas was not kind to Vince Wilfork
I dont remember who Jeff Jarrett is
Is anyone else tired of people coming in here only to say that this game will suck and why are people even watching it?
Smdh, he should've just stretched his arms like Michael Jordan in Space Jam. Not enough commitment.
Batson you fucking dumbass
Is Dewan Smoot related to Fred Smoot. Pls say yes
Lewis is better at pass catching and blocking. That's why hes in
This is for all El Trashico comments from Jags fans
Casey is a God damn monster
Henry is literally the Jags worst nightmare holy shit
Just wanted to remind people that his name is literally spelled MyCole. Not joking
Jaguars are cars. Mountain Lions are Lions you can find in Mountains. And Cougars are milfs
Its 296
FUCK YES
The crown didnt even touch him
It is pretty cool. I didnt know Joe's dad was a commentator too
Shame they didnt go for the record. But after Orakpo got hurt, I bet Vrabel wasnt taking any chances
https://www.reddit.com/r/Tennesseetitans/comments/a3ut08/z/eb9e9nk
According to this, people just want ranked to be like 3 maps and 5 set operators and be literally as boring as possible. Siege needs variety
He isnt broken wtf. He just needs to be reduced down to 3 armor like he was before. He was underwhelming and under picked when he was a 3 armor 1 speed
I think Kingdom Hearts should own this title forever. I mean, final fantasy and Disney have fuck all to do with each other lol. Infinity Wars was set in one universe
Wouldn't be worth it. A botched draw probably means the lineman are in the run path, and any attempt to throw it will result in a fumble or an intentional grounding call. You would rather take the 3 yard loss there
Look, I'm sorry, but if you are the company that makes the best pizza rolls, you deserve the praise. Smh
He returned to play just over 9 months after his injury, with no training camp reps to learn the new scheme. I think he was rushed back into a new scheme. He should have been kept till around our bye week before coming back to the field. I think he will return to form next season with a full offseason under his belt in this coaching staff
Were you around when Blitz was a 1 speed? Because it really really sounds like you weren't around when he was a 1 speed. Blitz was not good until they made him faster. People had more time to backup and shoot his feet. Is he unbalanced? Yes, but he isnt broken. Broken is the wrong term. Fixing him his easy. Fixing Lion is not.
Yeah, I'm not saying that Blitz is fine the way he is. But he isnt broken. If he is old blitz again, he will be balanced better, and the average Joe wont be able to pick him up and be super good
That's the block that Jags fans are convinced was holding. Like no lol
Wow u sosmart
Blazers Hot Take: if he was paired up with Lillard on the Blazers, they will get out of the first round.
Actually, winter starts Dec. 21st. You're wrong there, buckaroo
Lol, that secretary with the sickest burns
It was Dio
Saquan Barkely was the best choice for the Giants. The QBs left over are not worth it over him
Lol, Mrs. B gonna send Mark to the corner for his potty mouth
Because Gronk is 6 foot 7 and Gordon is like 5 11
Do you think the things that Sean Payton were throwing were bags of Molly?
In 2011, Tim Tebow won a game where he completed only 2 passes for 69 yards. https://www.pro-football-reference.com/boxscores/201111130kan.htm
He did. He had 69 yards in a win once, against the Chiefs. Yes he started. Yes he only threw 8 passes and completed 2. https://www.pro-football-reference.com/boxscores/201111130kan.htm
OP set the parameters of his search with a min of 12 attempts. He failed to account for the destroyer of logic, Tebow
What a disaster of a season for Conklin. Hopefully he will return to form next season
People love football in Oregon. The Ducks are really loved. A lot of people, including myself, would go to a Raiders game in Portland.
Can confirm, just read this 2 minutes ago on a different comment chain
Also looking at this thread, it's about 50% u/Kazekid haha
Will either team score 90 today? We will find out next time on Basket Ball Z!
The only way to cover a freakish TE is with another freakish TE. Why do you think New England put Gronk in on defense? To prevent a hail Mary? Hell no, it was a real time practice rep for the playoffs baby.
But they got it and will win
So if both teams win out, who wins the division?
It really sucks for the poor souls who lost their loved ones to this monster. They dont have to forgive him, and neither should we. Plenty of other players play the same sport, and get hit in the head every game, and you dont see them killing people.
Is the NFL converter bot dead
That kind of shit should only be blamed on the parents or guardian who should've been there to watch the kid. Did the kid do it? Yes. Could it have been prevented? Definitely yes.
You're actually kidding yourself if you think this series doesnt use random powerups and one shots
Classy response. Most players just get salty as fuck
On the contrary, there are weeks where we are complete doodoo, and there are weeks where we look like one of the best teams in football. You dont know what team we are getting week by week!
This is the shoe that's been promised by Chip
Because Church was a trash talking *Strong Safety* who got stiff armed by a QB that isnt a tank like Cam. It's pretty embarrassing.
"tHe JaGUArS WErE nOt eVeN trYInG" https://twitter.com/jwyattsports/status/947839413748490240
I watched this video more times than I care to admit..
Todd Haley doesnt have a job rn
And Aminu with the cold blooded dagger
This fucking manga is just priceless. I hope it lasts a long time
I doubt even *he* thinks it's cool. No one thinks that way. They're just guys having a good time at the bar. You all should go out more
Nah. Just Adam Gontier leaving the band. I'd think anyways
And I know he said post merger, but Tom Landry had 6 seasons in a row including a winless one before finally making the playoffs. All that was before the super bowl tho
Just a forewarning. Doing this exercise has been known to you go bald.
Or rook placed his armor in the bathroom, maybe
Items gotta all be in range. If you put a barb wire down and throw the electroclaw in between the reinforcements near the floor, you can electrify the barb too.
Isnt Chaz Green the guy that Adrian Clayborn ate alive last year
The reason I dont think the jags do that is because Flacco would almost just be a lateral move. I think Flacco is better than Bortles, but that move isnt gonna help their franchise in the future. Flacco costs too much. Especially since the Jags have a couple of young guys coming up to an end on their rookie deals they might want to try and keep. Jaguars will have a top 10 pick, possibly top 5, it would be foolish not to pick your QB there.
Its not buffering.
Yeah, the best running back we've faced this year is by far Ezekiel Elliot and we held him to 61 yards on 3.6 ypc. Like I said, we really dont know what titans team you will face
I cringed a bit when I saw him fall at the end of that run. Thought he tore an achilles
Seems like the titans from the Bills game showed up today!
Lmao, that guy just simsponed the fuck outta there
That was incredible
Right? He is running with way more physicality than I have ever seen him this season. He looked like CJ post holdout in 2011
Did Arians just have a stroke?
I think that's the case with the NFL too but I'm not 100% on that
This commentary is more dry than California
Lmaoooooo
I started reading &lt;Tonikaku Cawaii&gt; and I love it. I love the way Hata subverted a lot of romcom tropes.
Honestly, we laughed at it, but the giants probably shouldn't have had to challenge that.
I dont know what crew you're referring to, but I just want to point out that both the ref crew and the commentary crew are complete ass
WHERE THE HELL HAS THIS HENRY BEEN
Seriously, its like they are commenting on the PGA tour
This game is making me seriously relieved that OBJ isnt playing. He'd have 70 yards on us by now
Seeing Romo and Nantz talk fills me with a ton of envy
Yeah lol, that could actually be a good fake if designed.
Byard you bad bitch, though he might've been down by contact Edit: fuck wrong thread. Carry on boys
Webb tackled the shit out of Henry's hand!
The fuck is Arians smoking. Anytime we punt is a loss for an offense
Why in the hell are we running Dion Lewis on 3rd and 10
If we were gonna run it, at least give it to Henry or option Mariota
I'd say we should just end this game. Refs are taking over and players are getting hurt. Not worth this shit
Lmao😂😂
We went full Fisher on this game.
More teams should try holding OBJ to zero yards. It works really well
Yo, /u/herbaldreamin, this isnt the greatest clip. Doesnt show the start or end of the play
Rodgers throwing the ball away is not a bad stat. At all
Where did I imply that it was *literally* impossible. I said the jags dont have the luxury. Meaning, they dont have a bunch of cap space hanging around. You have to do what you said and create room for Flacco, which does nothing to help the Jags.
Because he wasnt running like he is right now all season long. He wouldn't break tackles at all, and go down after the first hit. Our offense stalled because we would give him a carry 2 times and it'd be 3rd and 9. Henry said it himself. He was running east to west instead of north to south looking for the home run play. Hes running with a lot more authority than he has all year long.
Cant believe no one said Jim Harbaugh. He was fired after an 8-8 season. 2 years after a super bowl appearance
Would he sell if r/nba pooled in to give him 5 years of premium?
Rule of a Shanahan offense is they'll make anyone a 1000 yard rusher barring injury.
-michael scott
Dylan Dylan Dylan Dylan Dylan
Are you looking for comedy or something wholesome?
I miss Gruden/Tirico
Want him back?
Seth is averaging 4 ppg to Austin's 7. It ain't much, but Seth is one of the reasons why our bench is so bad. We need someone who, at the very least, can hold a lead instead of blowing 10+ point leads our offense gave us. I mean, he went 0 for 4 today and zero points. He couldnt even give us 2 points.
Is this releasing biweekly?
Yeah, and his missed field goal yesterday was straight up wind. Like, Ryan aimed that fucker to the right goal post and it still curved all the way to the left. Tough shit to kick in
What is Away From Keyboard?
I'm sorry, but poisoning a condiment could potentially kill someone. In which case would make the booby trapper a murderer. Someone stealing food is not worth killing over.
Lmao Cerik met carriage-kun
Can someone tell me already. I actually dont want to look it up because I'm a lazy fucker, but I still want to know
Isonlyjoke
Unsurprisingly we are the fewest
How is life for ya living in a world without salt?
One thing that this risks though is that Gyou'un's army is without its leader. I'd take advantage of that and completely decimate the army and crash into Bananji's side
Cassimir the 3rd betrayed our 2000 year old alliance and invaded me out of the blue. Fuck Poland
Ehh, he was the #31 overall pick and is making 10 mil less than Dion Lewis and has played way better than Dion has this year. If you were to ask me at the beginning of the year, knowing what I know now, which RB I'd take, its Michel no doubt
Why does El Paso support the Rams over the Chargers? I dont really understand the formula that much
What do the picks have to do with my opinion that I'd take Michel over Lewis? Are you implying that, after we signed Lewis, that we draft Michel because?
Lillard is a 3rd quarter fucker
A
I feel like surrendering has become a lot more popular this season. People would start that shit when its 0-2. Its like have some God damn faith!
&gt;&gt;"The difference between the NBA and the NFL, the NBA is what we believe he [a player] can be. The potential," James said. "In the NFL, it's like what can you do for me this Sunday, or this Monday or this Thursday, and if you ain't it, we moving on." &gt; &gt;I don't think anybody can disagree with that Damn, makes you wonder why there is a practice squad filled with raw players with a ton of potential. This is a dumbass line of thinking and you cant convince me otherwise. The NBA would be the same exact way if their season was 16 games long and the margin of error is very slim. The NBA has the luxury of *affording* to groom guys with potential because of the 82 game season. Football does not have that luxury in any level of competition. A costly mistake in football could cost the season whereas in the NBA it's just 1 game out of 82
I'm biased but I'm rooting for the Titans to win.
He just Wilson'd the shit out of that
Can we still talk at the end?
How the fuck can he still do this at his old ass age
Frank Gore and AP defy all logic we knew the last 50 years
Hell yeah, I cant wait to be pinned at the 5 somehow by Tress Way!
Butler got trucked
We making Peterson look like 2008 Peterson
How do we go from completely shutting down Saquon Barkely to getting gashed by AARP
Hard to do that when the Redskins have a 12 minute long drive
Because there was just over 4 minutes left in the half and the Titans wanted to score before half time was up. Dion Lewis is their pass catching back, that's why he was in the majority of that final drive
Does literally no one understand how killer that Redskins drive was!? It started in the first quarter and we didnt get the ball back til there was 4 minutes left in the half! Hard to give Henry the ball when the Redskins have the damn ball!
What put me over the edge was the commentators making note of that. Then it just feeds the narrative.
Weekly reminder that his name is spelled MyCole and not Michael
4th quarter is Henry Time baby!
Casey eats up double teams. His loss is huge
Why is our LB covering Jamison Crowder??? He will lose that matchup every damn time
Tress Way? More like Kern baby
Lewan is such a douche, but I love the guy so much lmao
Where were the cheap shots and dirty plays? I didnt see that from either team
Yep, because I'd like to make my own mind up about people instead of letting others write the narrative for me. Yup, even Suh and Burfict. Even someone like Reuben Foster I'm holding back judgement because *I* dont know the full details of that whole situation.
Do any of you guys remember when he had 18 carries for 52 yards two weeks in a row? Did everyone conveniently forget that Henry sucked ass before the bye? Oh sorry, I mean me too, thanks
Lol, if I'm in the playoffs, I'm thinking I'd be stoked to get the Titans. Especially after losing Casey and Ryan and maybe even Mariota now
Then Lewan is the exact same way if what he even said is true. It's all alleged. True Lewan can be a shithead on the field, but he has been exemplary off it, and has kept his nose out of trouble.
I'm sorry, but you're basing your feelings off something that was never proven, only alleged. If it came out that Lewan actually said that shit to her, I'd want him off the team. But allegedly means he was accused, but it doesnt mean it was a fact.
M
S
I agree with that, but we have all seen him drop dimes into very tight coverage before. If we have to shell out Kirk Cousins money for Mariota, I'm not for it, but something way cheaper is something we should hope for because there isnt a viable QB we can take next offseason that would significantly improve our team.
Maybe for a 4th round pick. Hes flashed, but not good enough to move anything higher than that
Right, which would leave us at a quandary. The Titans want to win now. They dont want to tank for a QB, not when we are on the verge of making our second post season run. Mariota had not displayed elite QB money, but if we can get him for 15/yr for the next 2 years, it would be ideal. Strapping him in for the long haul could cost us a lot if he gets hurt and cant play anymore or regresses even more. I'm hoping by getting another playmaker to catch passes from him, he will at least elevate himself back to 2016 Mariota
I agree with everything you just said.
Bizarro world
Clearly you never hate fucked someone.
These guys are probably the bestest friends in the whole world. Patrick and Spongebob tier
Bron hater in here gilding anti Bron comments. What a complete waste of money
Good to know, but he was undoubtedly raised in a homophobic way by his parents. A lot of people take after their parents, especially when it comes to hating. I hope Aminu has changed his views when it comes to homosexuality.
I get why the criticism for both movies are there, but sometimes I love a good mindless action with a powerful moment of hopelessness and bravery mixed in with it.
Man, I love that both our announcers crew were ecstatic over that shot. Yours obviously had way more energy, but our guy at least recognized what a great shot that was and reacted properly. Good game man, Luka is gonna fuck the league.
Dont forget hostages
Triple O. Old, Ovaries, Oriental
Moms spaghetti
Lol, nah, this is some pretty entitled shit. E: brigaded because of some other dude's comment. Stay classy reddit
My B, it's actually NFL Backyard Footnall, not Backstreet. They havent released a game since 07 I think. NBA and NFL both had games featuring cartoonified players with fat heads playing backyard basket ball or football pulling off ridiculous stunts
Idk about most other schools, but my high school definitely offered a personal finance class. The only problem was that it was just one required credit instead of a 2-4 year course like math and history can be. Finance should be treated just like a main subject, just because literally everyone's life depends on it. I'm sure there is a ton of material to cover over the course of 2 years, and the best time to do it is Junior and Senior year
There's more to it then compounding interest. Lots of people need to learn how to budget. What insurance is. What loans are and it's dangers. How to save money. It's no coincidence a lot of people lack financial responsibility. 2 semester's of that class is just not enough material to cover in my opinion. I also think that the best learning tool is repetition. Its useless to learn shit for 2 weeks and never use it again til you have to graduate. A lot of people forget by then. I wont lie when I say I dont remember a single damn thing from my Algebra 2 class, the last class I took in my junior year of high school. I'm 23
Eh, it's a conspiracy theory of mine that I dont think is too far fetched that schools are getting lobbied by colleges. As soon as you're a freshman, it's all about college. Nearly nothing on any other form of trade. I obviously dont have any proof. I'm not too concerned to be digging into it either. I just think it's one of those things where the upper class try to keep the lower class down. If more people were financially responsible, then the income wage gap would decrease significantly in my opinion. Not so significantly that it would be a more balanced scale, but enough to bring more people out of poverty if that makes sense
Kansas City wild card round made me a J Rob believer
Funny, because the same thing can be said for Seattle
So Piccolo, Tien, Yamcha and Chioutzu keeping their body after they were killed by the Sayians was filler?
McCarthy might be the best coach for developing Rosen too
Ouhon will escape but his army will probably be routed from this. Losing Kanjou is a huge blow. But it could be a red herring. I honestly would appreciate it more if Hara was gonna kill someone, they'd do it on the last panel. Instead of ending on a cliff hanger. Now we are left guessing whether or not someone will rescue Kanjou or he will die. Either way, break next week so fml
I'm speaking on the same level as you. Since you brought up shit that's all water under the bridge now. If Nurkic was gonna be a cancer by now, he would have done so by now. Hes been consistent for the Blazers, loves playing with Dame and in the city
I nominate myself because I consider myself far superior in intellect compared to you nephews
Keep us under the radar please. Last time we were in the limelight, we lost to the Bills.
Myles Garrett Joey Bosa DeForest Buckner Sheldon Rankins. You might ask how? Because I'm the US government
Good point. We should be doing it like last years Clippers!
Would explain why the guy had the vehicle in reverse as soon as the car was at a full stop
He did post an unpopular opinion. It was bound to happen
Exact same thing the NFL did. They used to be nicknamed the No Fun League. Changed the rules and now that nickname is non existent. The owners dont understand that it's a game that these people are playing. They should be allowed to celebrate
Lol yep. This is a recipe for disaster. Sky fucker is gonna yeet all over our face, and then we will have another day or so of "we need to trade CJ" or Dame or whatever
Sheesh. The dude said Sean Taylor is the best player *he's* watched. Which means, he actually probably watched him and isnt going off statistics.
The thing is, Asians and black people are the same. People who live in different cultures are able to identify the differences between different people. Whereas outsiders have a harder time doing it
Hot damn son
Lillard god master
Blazers fans are more pessimistic than any other fan base this year. If we lose? Blow it up, trade Dame.
Oh boy how I envy you. It has arguably one of best arcs in all of manga, and that doesnt happen for another 200 chapters. You're in for a wild ride buddy
He asked what they were about, not your opinion.
Wtf I love kd now
Why go through that work? I just give them tobacco to chew on and boom, there you go
At least Ubi changed it so you cant see clearance levels.
Oof, he called him guy. Sizing internet strangers up? Lmao get a grip
Hes all over this thread. I'm glad the Internet Justice Against Trump Warriors are still in full force. Sheesh
I think you need a hug. Dont worry buddy. Everything will be A OK. You dont have to say another thing, everyone knows how you feel about big scary trump. I promise he wont touch you though!
No one taught me how to play. I learned through trial and error. That's how it's meant to be played. If you're new, listen to people in game chat, but if no one talks, do what ever the hell you want
I could see Will Smith doing a pretty good performance over it.
The title sums up everything I need to know about this video. Thanks for informing me so I dont have to watch garbage
Looks like Blood Orchid too me
Reid has always been stubbornly loyal to his guys. Back in the dream team days, he refused to fire Juan Castillo, the OL coach turned DC. And was fired as a result
Imperialism at its finest
It's not older because they have an Ela.
He made a bunch of shots that equal to 32 points
Disagreed. At least in r/NBA, the Warriors rubbed a lot of people the wrong way with their cockiness and Dray's kicking motion antics. Maybe during the season they were still loved, but the playoffs turned a lot of neutral fans away. I was rooting for the Cavs for sure
Should've been fouled there too. KD jumps into him as Lillard was in the air. Great play
I'm only here to root on Teddy B
Caught the Packers literally sleeping on the field. I'd be embarrassed as a fan to see that pathetic effort on the field
Sorry Steelers, but Vrabel or Reich will literally kick a baby over tying a game
We are in fucking business today
Lol, I wasnt watching the game, did CJ get T'd up for that?
It's actually quite nice how long hes lasted with us. Hes not a world beater by any means, but he wasn't a bust, and that means something
Mega threads fucking suck
I'm pretty satisfied with how our season went. Could it have gone better? Yes. Could it have been worse? So much worse. Given our injuries to major players, it's a damn wonder we were even in the race. Carrying a limp armed Mariota and riding the Blaine Train with no Walker, just one reliable receiver, a running game that didnt exist until the Thursday night Jags game. It was a great run that showed our ability to fight through adversity. I'm excited for 2019
Lol, Doug Pederson and Mike Mularkey are the only coaches to win a playoff game. And Mularkey doesnt even hold a candle to how good Pederson is
I actually just went and did a reread of One Piece since I havent done it since the end of Dressrosa and I have a way better understanding of who is who in Wano now.
With all these hoots and hoh's, Ousen is gonna permanently turn into an owl
I mean, he's just joking around. It's not like he was literally *hindering* your ability to go through that door. If he is gonna fuck around like he did, it's still gonna be a 3-5 disadvantage, but the enemy team doesn't know that. Hell, Glaz can put 3 bullets into that door and break it
Exactly. Hester is probably one of the very few returners in history that Special Teams coaches *game planned* for instead of having minimal game plan and using the very basic sets of your kickoff and punt coverage.
I bet we got 5 more chapters till we back with Deku. Or do you all think we will have a time skip?
Yeah, if you're going to make it *solely* the Goku story, then dont promote a successor to the story in Gohan where he becomes the first sayian to ascend and kick the ever living shit out of Cell and kill off the main character of the story. Gohan's regression in the Buu Saga is the reason I dont like the Buu saga
Mom's Spaghetti
Yeah, it was more implicit than anything lol
I bet she does get promoted to 5k commander so when Shin becomes a general, Kyou-kai's 5k man unit will fold into Shin's initial 10k army
There are always two sides of the story. The air horn blast is obviously stupid, and I'm not saying that it isnt a bad thing, but from the uncle's point of view, his "years of tormenting his nephew" was just picking on him and hadn't realized that it really really bothered OP. We dont know the details of the tormenting, so we cant come to a conclusion of who or what kind of person this uncle is without hearing it from him.
The movie is pretty good imo. Not like oscar level worthy or anything, but all of their voices are amazing. I'd give it a watch
Literally none of those bring the workers or organizations any more money. News agencies get ratings, which brings in viewers, and pulls in more ad revenue.
I hope you will understand that is the case for literally every online game ever, right? Dropshotting bug is not game breaking. Annoying as hell? Yes. But it's not fucking Clash running with her shield up and shooting straight through it or IQ claymore invisibility trick
I would say it's better than even some of the scanlators sites. The reader is amazing
It's that giants milk
Drew Brees will be the next one, guaranteed
It's an absolutely dangerous line of work, but the league can literally not stop someone from walking away or even playing in the first place. It's on the NFLPA, not the NFL, on why these players dont get good pensions and mismanage contracts
How the fuck hasnt anyone recommended this dude to therapy? Like, if he is that crazed for sex, it should have been clear as day he would try to rape someone who doesnt want to have sex. Dude did not care. He is obviously addicted to sex and should have been getting help for it.
There are a few occasions where scanlators sniping a series pissed me off a little bit. Like when Mangastream sniped Nisekoi's last chapter when Casanova has been doing that for like ever.
Reminds me of halo 3 with all them jumping spartans
Fallen Angel's were the first group to translate them and called the abilities quirks. Then by around chapter 70, when MHA started to really become popular, Mangastream came in and replaced quirk with "individualities" and "personalities" I had to use reddit search to find this chapter thread
I've had 2 games get ddos'd in a row. First game we went up 3-1 on a 4 stacked team we were demolishing. I can tell they did it. 2nd game I magically ended up with them on the same team. We went down 1-3 very quick and the server got ddosd again. Fuckers are a high silver level team trying to ddos their way to plat/diamond
Dude literally wanted to fight an coalition
That's not situational awareness. That's just surrounding awareness. Situational awareness is stuff like you holding the defuser and not planting with 30 seconds to spare while you have time even though the enemy cant get to you at the moment.
Dont forget my boi recruit. Dude got uberbanned
Yep. Or tell him to get a PC and play against players who have been using MnK for years
So then why doesnt he play R6 on the PC only?
Poor Paul.. admits he shit his pants on ESPN.. ESPN kicks him off the crew
Also, I think if we got either Blake or Love, we can start managing loads for Dame and CJ. With a 3rd offensive option at the forward spot that can play the 5, we can finally rest players without severely hurting our offense. Blake or Kevin will definitely be load managed I feel like.
Harden wished injuries on the journalist?
You're leaving now!
He probably got Allen Crabbe paid
I've been trying to get on the ban Jager train for days now (only if my team starts out on attack). Jager is literally the most useful operator for defense. At most, he takes out 6 projectiles that have potential to lead to kills. He can straight up deny a rush of flashbangs and save lies from thrown grenades. Not to mention, his gun and maneuverability makes 1 on 1 a disadvantage for most attack operators. A *lot* of people main Jager because of his 3 speed and 416. Taking Jager out of the equation fucks a lot of strats. #BanJagerUSA
Let's be real here though, the most these guys have ever done acting wise was commercials. They've never been in a movie before (correct me if I'm wrong), and basketball players have rarely ever looked good on film
Or ban Thatcher and twitch and watch them scramble
I'm more or less team chaos. Anything I can do to disturb the current meta and disrupt people's natural flow makes this game immensely interesting and fun
Okay, this manga is SS Tier
&gt;People argued that 13th amendment would destroy the southern economy Not saying the 13th amendment was bad at all, but it without a doubt destroyed the southern economy for years. The Reconstruction era lasted quite awhile, and many families (a small price to pay for having a price on human beings) never recovered. I agree with what you're saying in general, just refuting the 13th amendment comment
They're 3 episodes ahead
Evan will always be my hero for his play in the Denver series
Its definitely time to start giving Ant some serious minutes
Plumlee for nurk and a first will forever be his crowning moment imo.
Can you dunk
Meh, he doesnt vastly improve us and he has been too oft injured. Would much rather have Blake Griffin or even LMA
This is the 8th Lebron post I seen in the last 20 minutes.
We are now at least 5 chapters away from Seraphina figuring out the truth
Does this make any sense to anyone else?
I think Luffy develops differently. He probably unlocks haki at a younger age and has more time to hone it
Noice, and who in nba history has accumulated the most points in a season? I imagine its Hakeem or MJ
&gt;2. After that, episodes 4-10 are good but not quite as god as what comes after. Hold the phone, you telling me Nappa isnt god mode?
2nd best Leonard in the league
Yeah, I'm not going after the guy who let Nurk have a 20/20 5x5 lol
I think that's how Rokuogun, the move Lucci used on Luffy, works
The only ability that I dont think was haki was Kamie, where they manipulated their body to dodge attacks as if they were paper. But Tekkai, Shigan and Rokuogun were definitely CoA. Soru just made them super fast
Dont know how it would help the Evan "void", but it would certainly alleviate the pressure of not having Nurkic in the rotation for awhile. Ed knows the system too and has a chance to start all year long depending on Nurkic's time stamp for recovery.
This was a very satisfying solution to the problem and easy for us to understand. The path may be difficult to attain since rebellion is no joke, but the solution is the right one
Julius Peppers still looked pretty good in the latter half of his career, and I think Von Miller is simply a freak of nature. If anyone can do it, Von is the dude
And he gets to essentially dominate Euro ball too.
True for a single shot, but that revolver has spread, so it's highly unlikely he misses
Expensive car, and expensive clubs. I think it's safe to say that he can afford them
Driving ranges off the coast use them all the time
NSFW for titans fans
CBA is up next year and I guarantee that the tag will be a main point of contention for the NFLPA. If things go right, we might get him in 2021
Lamb is good food
Biggest signing for the nets tbh
No kidding, Aminu dribbles like he is a new born baby giraffe learning how to walk, but his defense will be very sorely missed
4/196 Quick maffs!
People guessed Rubio, and got Brogdon instead. Great signing for you guys
Idk, Knicks traded away Porzingis and bet on Zion, KD and Kyrie and went 0-3
Fresh Legs baby!
Is hurt, we need a center to presumably start until January and maybe into February as Nurk gets back into 25-30 minutes per game shape
We are so fucked
Hell, Adam Rank "analyst" had them going 3-13. I think 8 wins was the max for most people. Literally no one expected them to win the division, let alone take the #1 seed. I got Shanny winning it, but I just want to say, from a pure coaching standpoint, I loved how John Harbaugh completely adapted his playbook to maximize Lamar Jackson's skills. That alone, to me, is worth strong considerations for CotY imo
Feeling bad for people is just his default setting until he meets them
Bortles threw with way more volume than Trubs does
He did. And his injury was way worse looking than Adrian Peterson's at the time. I think AP's timely comeback was impressive since he hit the ground running 9 months after the ACL tear, but people seriously questioned whether Peyton Manning would ever play again, let alone be the same ol Peyton Manning with the Broncos. Neck surgeries are tricky.
🖕
Fucking lol, 4 teams celebrating the Patriots losing to the Dolphins
ESPN's title for this play, I shit you not, is "Melo &gt; RJ for Knicks fans Carmelo Anthony backs down Knicks rookie RJ Barrett and nails fadeaway jumper to the delight of MGS crowd" Like c'mon
We suck and I'm sad
Need to add a 100 more &gt;
Not to "AcKshually!", but Henry had 625 yards in the month of December in 2018
I see, sorry, I had forgotten we had played 2 games in 1 week due to TNF
Cries in Corey Davis and Taywan Taylor😭
He does need a strong running game to compensate for that though, as you guys did in 2017. Also showed just how bad he could be when Fournette missed a lot of time last year too.
Is there a version with JJ Watt as a buffed out storm trooper?
Hes been competing pretty hard lately, hasn't he?
Getting Nurkic back would make trading Whiteside much much easier, but the Horford contract is terrible for his play right now. I just dont know. He doesnt move the needle for us any more than CJ right now so its pointless
This stat cant be true since Gore niners didnt make the playoffs til 2011
JMac bleeding that titan blue 4 lyfe
Wow so funny.
If you are ever in Oregon, hit me up and I'll buy you a drink
Im a titans fan gonna join this thread. Thank y'all for Tanny
How often do you see 2 minute drives rely on the run game lmao
Did you not notice the announcers talk about it or what
WINTER STORM HENRY
Such an incredible punt. Took 10 seconds off the clock and downed it at the 1
Pretty sure it was a bad 3 cone drill and concerns about his ability to catch and pass block. People thought he was too one dimensional
I dont need people telling me what I can and cannot put on my body. I have thought about it. For a long time.
The Patriots tried that last night and it failed. You have to keep the defense guessing
I'm so happy that all of his years of excessive game time practice can be displayed full view in the playoffs.
I would say the same in your situation bro. I think taking the actions of a few and casting it over the entire group as if they somehow are acting representatives is dumb as fuck
Farther than 20 other teams, that's for certain.
This is amazing. Thank you for this
God damn I feel like how the rebels felt in ROTJ with the whole galaxy celebrating the fall of the empire
I hope it's as a coordinator and not a head coach
Lamar can probably just hop around and juke everyone like hes some kind of demented rabbit.
No
So do we lmao
You realize we had to trade for Hassan because our starting center broke his leg last year, sign Melo off the streets because our starting power forward dislocated his shoulder in the mavs game, and lost our starting small forward because he tore his Achilles a month into the year. Not to mention we might have lost our backup center to a knee injury for the rest of the year, and the rest of our lineup has missed time for various different reasons. The only team more fucked with injuries than us this year is Golden State. Like I get that you guys are hurt right now, but we've been living in it all year long
Aaron Jones barely hit 1000 yards in 16 games whereas Cook got to 1139 in 14 games. He also had another 519 in receiving yards. Not to mention, Aaron Jones has a ton of low total yardage in individual games compared to Dalvin who had really only one game that he was shut down in. I think Cook was clearly the better Running back this year. Aaron Jones is great, but I'm taking Cmac, Henry, Chubb and Cook as the best backs this year
Because I think TDs are a heavily overrated statistic. LaGarrette Blount once lead the league in Rushing TDs for the Patriots and literally no one thought he was even a top 10 back that year. A majority of a lot of backs that scored their TDs are from inside the 5 yard line.
I'm rolling with John Harbaugh here. Tomlin only won one super bowl btw, but it's not like John is running away with this placement. Tomlin coached a team that looked *terrible* in September to nearly making the playoffs in week 17 with a 3rd string QB. Defense was lights out.
Existence is futile, why even try
I kinda want to see Jeff Fisher lead that team. It's got his blueprints all over it and will have to elite receivers for like the first time in years
We are literally not allowed to dipshit
It is if you have to drill through studs. Otherwise you would have to cut out a big enough patch of drywall, drill a 2 inch hole in the stud, and then patch everything up. No way that's worth the hassle
I wonder if this same flu has affected everyone in the states. One of my former coworkers died because he contracted it. (He has a weak immune system that caused his white blood cells to attack his organs and made his whole body fail, essentially, the flu just triggered it.) I hope people get well from it
I could go for some Hot Takis right now
Saints/49ers would have been 10x more entertaining. We have actual evidence given how the first game against each other went
There is absolutely no way we let Henry go after this run of dominance.
I think we franchise Tanny and try to sign Henry long term
MY WIFE LEFT ME FOR DERRICK HENRY
His sister was being attacked by the other gal who was talking shit over his dead nephew, and he saw red and defended her. Went way overboard with it, has admitted fault and hasn't done anything remotely bad since.
I think this was posted before that happened
He probably lost a bet
Nah, the Jets beating the Steelers was absolutely what we needed at the time. In week 16, had both the Steelers and the Titans won out, Steelers would have been the 6 seed. Jets helped us big time
Big love
Real answer. Timely turnovers were key. We did not blitz and played major contain. It was a true bend dont break defense. It was risky, but we wanted Lamar to beat us with his arm rather than his legs. A lot of his yards came after we were up 28-6 at one point
Because it could lead to fights and the NFL doesnt want players fighting. Call it prevantative measures
You have a source on that, boss? Because if they do, why bother doing chain measurements?
Itll be Greg Joseph's first field goal for us, a Game Winner to send us to the Super Bowl. PLEASE LORD LET THIS HAPPEN
The game is gonna come down to who can keep the momentum. Once Mecole Hardman ripped off that 50 yard return, the Chiefs became a tsunami that could not be stopped. I truly think Bill O'Brien's biggest fuckup was kicking the field goal on 4th and 1 at the Chiefs 11 instead of going for the TD here.
The Ben Shapiro of journalism
FOH, everyone doubted the Titans. It is not wrong to expect them to lose to the #1 seed with the best offense in the league. I had doubts too, I would have just been happy with a competitive game
How much better would the Blazers be if they got Lebron James, Jimmy Butler and Popovich
Durant is All For One, that's easy as fuck.
Yes, but consider that the Texans did score another 7 after halftime, so we *should* be safe at 55 to 51 by the end of the game...😳
James Harden is a hell of lot more scary to let catch fire than Russ is.
Mental gymnastics? Something must have worked because we won by 8 and had a good lead the entire game. If you're saying we should have doubled Russell instead of Harden and let Harden go off, then that's just fucking stupid. Russell has a track record to force a shot to go through even when it isnt there, that's literally how we defend him every single time we play him. If he has a good night, oh well, as long as we limit the other star on the team to less than 30 and keep a lead all game.
It's clear neither of us are gonna change our minds. You want to defend your boy, I get it. I will always think the best way to beat the Rockets is to force Russell to be the star and trap Harden all game long. It's clear you disagree. Have a good night
So we get Tacko Fall instead.
Pittsburgh might if they see moving on from Ben as an option who has maybe a year left, but yeah, the other 3 are definitely not
Does this account for bandwagon flairs or just titans flairs in general?
Nah, that's not enough time, decade only has one year left.. *wait*
But is he rich af
But they *were* chasing a kidnapper, they confirmed it and everything. And it's not like they weren't being careful either, they maintained a safe speed, didnt try to drive wrecklessly, and crossed the red light making sure they weren't gonna wreck someone.
Do you really think any of them had a choice in the matter? Germany had a lot of innocent neutrals, and even people who abhorred what they were doing but had absolutely no power to stop it. &gt;Who's sons, nephews and brothers just spent years invading the country of these "males that haven't seen a woman in years" raping pillaging and murdering millions. Soviet army had female soldiers. Where were the Nazi mothers when their sons were invading, raping and committing genocide? Poor Nazi mama's This whole comment is completely ignorant.
Also, it isnt necessarily proven that CTE automatically means you'll become crazy either. It's something that likely affects people differently, otherwise you would have a lot more Aaron Hernandez's or Junior Seau's in football
Noll, Shula, Gibbs, Landry, Lombardi. All guys with multiple super bowls who were franchise lifers after the fact
Yeah Byard and Slay both tied for 8 in 2017
Can you clarify? Did you mean that each of those 4 drives were completed in less than 4 minutes?
And that one was more a product of just how loud M&amp;T stadium got in that 1st quarter
This stream doesnt work for me for some reason
Uhh, Tanjiro *and* Nezuko my man
Cant say I enjoy seeing us not putting the ball in the endzone on kickoffs
It was a good run my fellow boys!
Probably the guy over in Boston who has had a *very* similar run of dominance over essentially the same stretch of time Popovich had.
That's like 20 years ago, I'm sure he is fine.
Yeah, since the Packers have a better record than us.
I'm more than okay with trading 2 firsts for Von. Who are we gonna pick in the late 1st that would be better than Von Miller in a Wade Phillips defense. Our cap is good right now, we just might lose Logan Ryan for sure
Definitely not Rob Ryan. I'd consider Rex but he hasn't been a DC in over a decade so I'm not sure. But Rob sucks ass.
I mean, I wouldn't mind having him back on a small contract. Something like a 2 year 6 million dollar deal. Hes a valuable leader on defense and a savvy veteran who has accepted his rotational backup role with complete stride.
I definitely agree, but maybe there is a reason to hold out on signing him long term to see how the new CBA plays out and gives him a prove it year
I dont think we win the 5 out of the 9 either, but it's what we need to do to contend for the playoffs
Stop. I can only get so erect.
If he wants to win a chip, then he is staying in New England.
I wish this wasn't monthly:( The next several chapters are gonna be hype as fuck
Joseph Stalin has one of the greatest mustaches in history. Didnt stop Burt Reynolds
I really enjoy it but I can see why others dont. There really isnt huge climaxes to big arcs. The last guild that Jihan attacked was a big roflstomp. Last time we saw a huge climax was all the way back to the Church of Mask fellows. There hasn't been any huge risks for him and it's like we are watching it on easy mode. It's good for light reading, but until the author introduces a big risk factor to the series, it's not gonna be for everyone
Rokuomi was robbed of a place by shin's side smdh
Maybe re-signing Nurkic down the road to a max
Now we only lose by 10 instead of 20
Pretty sure doncic has pictures with gigi
It's been 85 years
*Chuckles* I'm in danger
I really did not want to be the first team the Lakers play after mourning the loss of a legend. Lebron is gonna go off big time
I'm curious, what's your fitting definition of progressivism?
Cutting Dion Lewis, Cam Wake and Delanie Walker will save us a bunch of money without a lot of dead cap. I think retaining Conklin should be a priority, try and finagle a team friendly deal with Henry and offer bank to Tanny
Can I have 3?
No shit. You dont need to explain that it's a joke. Turns out jokes can be written in jest of someone. Turns out that those same jokes can be told unnecessarily and in a unrelated matter.
Because it's obviously written to mock. Mocks are jokes, but used negatively. All I'm saying is that a xenophobic conservative doesnt apply in a conversation about English slang words.
Gotta remember there are bad dispatchers out there too. I remember one case that was pretty bad where the lady would hang up on people in obvious distress and even mock them over the call. She was arrested and charged for it iirc.
Yeah I'll hook you up, just venmo me 20 so I can pay for the shipping fees, itll be there next week
OKC actually swept us last year in the regular season before the playoffs happened. It's pretty back and forth between the two
I mean, me too, but their trash talk rivalry definitely fuels each other to play their best when against one another.
It would be such a knee jerk reaction to change the logo to Kobe. Like if MJ died tragically a year after the logo change, should we then change the logo to him? Or Lebron? Kobe deserves a lot of things for his legacy, but the logo change imo, is too much.
What about Lebron for Sexton
I think we found Paul George on reddit
Easily
Nah, there were a lot of takes thinking he was on the decline. I, admittedly, thought the same.
Excuse me? Have you ever seen the documentary, 8 legged freaks?
Yeah, Andy Dalton is about to get very lucky
Basically like Volleyball scoring
Neither does it have a time limit per set. Not everything has to be taken literally and disputed dude.
Technically, they did end up rioting in the battle for hogwarts
And my bow
How is houken gonna save him, dude is in two different pieces
Sorry Ja, but my hearts already taken by dame dolla
We'll probably put Ariza on Davis
It didnt help Mariota in the slightest. In fact, Tannehill made Derrick Henry's life 10x easier.
Murder from large organizations is terrorism, straight up.
I mean, if I held someone's arms behind their back while another friend was stabbing the person to death, I would be charged with murder too.
Yeah its surprising lol Heres is wiki page https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Anthony_Gonzalez
Cant say I agree with these but I like that you put pictures so I give you an A-
I can do that too for AJ Brown. https://youtu.be/G0ni11nEe2o Everyone has highlight plays.
&gt;Also yes we should pay teachers more, where is that budget going to come from? People already hate being taxed more. You rebalance the budget. Cut other sectors, like idk, the police funding that enables them to have military grade gear to suppress its citizens, and instead push it towards education. Decriminalizing prostitution and drugs will go along way towards solving the overpopulation issue in prisons so that we can divert funds from there as well. The Death Penalty is a costly endeavor for most states, so either bring back medieval execution methods or more humanely, we just abolish the death penalty altogether. A lot of states make money from taxing marijuana so if it is legalized as a recreational drug in every state, that funding can be used towards education too. There are plenty of things that can be diverted in states funding, you just have to get the politicians to agree on them.
I was being facetious with that. I'd rather the death penalty just be abolished.
That isnt de-escalation. So of course that wouldn't work because they escalated the situation
Yuuna is on its homerun stretch. We Never Learn is maybe a volume away from completion last I recall, havent been keeping up with it as much. Demon Slayer recently ended so that's a huge void to be filled.
Ahhh, sorry, I stopped reading We Never Learn for a bit because I cant stay weekly with SOL style manga. I like to binge them so I was vaguely aware of potentially how close it was to the end.
Its debatable calling it a dynasty, but if you want to include it as a dynasty, it would be the worst one.
They won't.
What does Chris Ballard have to gain for good PR.
I havent read the specifics of the bill, but if the bill's broad interpretation included a white man and black man getting into a fight at a bar where the white man ends up winning, do you think the white man should be charged with lynching? I think an assault charge here is more appropriate. A lynching charge would be more severe.
That should be remedied by having Zach and Nurk back, who are 20x the defender Whiteside is.
Are you saying there is not a song called FEEL on Kendrick Lamar's album, DAMN?
Luckily drummers can be more replaceable than the voices of a band. I think Serj and Daron are the main writers for their songs.
So many people live their lives going by feelings over facts. That's why we have climate change deniers, antivaxxers, people claiming that racism doesnt exist in today's world, and many more dumbass ignorant shit people spout. Its sickening.
I mean, duh. But the only odds that Kanki overcame was having soldiers so hungry they disregarded his orders and pushed through swarming civilians to get into the city so they can eat food. Yotanwa was heavily outnumbered, she had a whole ass Zhao Army and Quanrong army to fight against while an idiot ass heki got his stores burned. Not only did she take the city, but she gained powerful allies. Ousen lost two of his commanders and still fucking won off the back of three 5000 commanders bringing up the left and right flanks
I dont know how many people have been shot by a paintball gun, but even those can leave welts. Rubber bullets fired from a 12 gauge shotgun is completely nuts
If he is up against Nate Davis, chances are probably good for him.
That's the first thing that usually comes out of their mouths. Why approach the car in the first place?
After playing that dumb quest the first time, I just put him out of his misery every new playthrough before he even talks to me. It's the least I can do.
Gold ain't worth following dudes for days.
*Mad King Aerys intensifies*
Nope, Chuck Testa
Damn, the artist does not like drawing backgrounds at all, does he?
&gt;You see change across sports from a few years ago. NFL commissioner **Paul Tagliabue** said the league was "wrong for not listening,” to players protesting against racial injustice. Drew Brees explained to President Trump why he apologized for saying players shouldn’t kneel during the national anthem. Uhhh, has someone told this dude that Paul hasn't been commissioner in years?
Hes more than likely gonna lose the starting spot since Zach Collins is returning. I just dont know if he will accept a bench role
I think you can, I'd like to see a source on that one
&gt;Also, flair up faggot I ain't a part of your system
No
It was cold as tits in that game. Cant say I have ever seen any winter gloves that could allow you to do anything with then except keep your hands warm
Playing the Bills or Texans in the playoffs wouldn't have really made much of a difference because we still had to play the Chiefs/Ravens
&gt;Khun and the rest of Bam's batch are far too behind Bam and too weak. Only thing I really disagree with. Of course they're not gonna be as strong as Baam. He's an irregular, and irregulars have an insane rate of growth and brought major change into the towers. But Khun is a serious crutch for him. He plans out battles, does everything he can to support Baam and take whatever load they can take off of him. If your complaint is that they're not growing as fast as Baam is, I don't think you're paying real attention. Baam is literally fighting high rankers, whereas all his peers from the floor of test are just normal ass regulars.
I mean, going in, everyone knew this was gonna be a ranker v ranker war. The only regulars we have seen participate in the war are support characters like Khun, who came up with the plan to bring back White's powers. Other than that, I dont know what you want with Baam's peers. Ofc they're not gonna be strong enough to help Baam in a ranker war. They're pretty limited in that regard given the fact that they're normal ass rankers. Baam's insane growth rate shouldnt justify leveling up top of the line regulars just so they can hang with baam. Then that just takes the specialness away from Baam
I dont know why more artists dont do it this way. It engages the reader into wanting to know more about the protagonists background.
Nami's proportions started changing drastically in Skypiea. Which, iirc, was around that time period.
Worst sheriff ever
&gt;Also having AJ Brown be one one of the better YAC receivers in the league certainly helps Fun fact, not only was AJ Brown absolutely insane with YAC this season, his average depth of target was 8.6 yards. Meaning he wasnt taking quick bubble screens and making big gains out of it, he was making those catches 8 to 12 yards down the field and getting hit in stride from Tanny. Their rapport with each other is amazing
Doffy used her for her abilities and as a hostage to keep King Riku from trying to gather powerful allies to take down Doffy
Aaron Jones was a huge part of the packers offense, and scored 19 times this season. Also, it's funny that you call it positional bias when running backs in general have a bias against them since they're considered so replaceable. If this list had a positional bias, it would be the gross amount of receivers we have already revealed with still more to come.
Got a message from Mr. Terrell Owen's and Mr. Chad Ochocinco in regards to this weeks list https://youtu.be/lEdjDpSdQtQ
Probably because hes joking. It's a common joke in the trades industry too. "If I'm not being helped up to my feet by my wife when I'm 60 years old, then I didn't work hard enough when I was 30!"
Jackson had some badly timed mistakes, but he was the only one trying on offense. The defense was 20x worse prepared than the offense was. The D Line and LBers couldn't stop Henry. Their all pro secondary couldn't stop 5th stringer Kalif Raymond from blowing the top off their defense. It was just a flat performance by the Ravens and the coach would be better suited to taking responsibility for that.
Oh... well hes a doo doo head
More than anything in this Manga, this is my biggest pet peeve
Houken hate is overrated. Shin being the dumbest person in every meeting ever is annoying as hell.
Yeah his power was bad. Couldn't put any zip on the ball anymore
Yeo, adrenaline is a hell of a drug
I think one of the SOCOM US Navy Seals game has this exact scenario in one of their missions.
Lol its funny how the article takes a paragraph to describe who might have been the guy that Kenny V lit up in that training camp period. Had to meet a word count threshold, probably 😂
Idk how to break it to you, but no teams are going to Disneyland.
Because Disneyland is in LA. The NBA playoffs are being held in DisneyWorld
