I feel like Ron Howard would be perfect to narrate a behind-the-scenes documentary about the making of Solo. &gt;*on set* &gt;Phil Lord: Hey Chris, wouldn't it be cool if we got Ron Howard to narrate the movie, like Arrested Development? &gt;Chris Miller: That would be awesome! I'll go get him on the phone. &gt;Narrator: It was at this moment that Alden Ehrenreich realised that maybe Phil and Chris weren't cut out for this movie. &gt;Narrator: Meanwhile, at the Walt Disney Company, Kathleen was in a meeting with her boss, Bob. &gt;Bob Iger: Here's 200 million dollars, go make a Star War.
Really? I went in expecting that but it still felt rewatchable.
&gt;The only potentially iffy character there is Milo Yiannopoulos (I hope that's how you spell it). Iffy? He said being molested as a child might be good and has said many many racist/sexist/transphobic/homophobic things in the past. He should absolutely not be allowed at these kinds of things, and people who are allowing him to have a voice at these things are part of the machine that keeps people like him talking and spreading bigotry. &gt;Jordan Peterson (who'd become famous for his opposition against a bill that would legally mandate the use of certain gender pronouns) I heard about him being on the H3H3 podcast (a YouTuber I used to watch) and it seems like his only goal is to be against "SJWs". Furthermore, why is it bad to want people to be called by their preferred gender pronouns? &gt;Even racists were congregating on campus, violence seems like the wrong way to fight that sort of thing. Violence's role in politics should be very limited. I am not defending violence at all. If the Evergreen thing happened how you said it did, that is awful. But the majority of it isn't violence. Additionally, racism should have no place in politics at all
Agent Hill needs to take a trip to T.A.H.I.T.I.
&gt;But causing a riot because you don't want bigotry to spread is the type of thinking that scares a heck of a lot more than these Nazis I hear so much about. I don't think I have a response to this. I just can't believe a point like this is being presented in a supposedly reasonable argument. &gt;Bad ideas, if they are bad, should be easy to defuse and render impotent. They aren't because of indoctrination. You could turn that around on me and say I'm indoctrinated but it's clear to see that culture globally is biased against women, ethnic minorities (in certain countries), LGBTQ, etc. It's literally been happening for millenia. People being treated like equals is always something I will be vocal about. &gt;Also I'm not sure how much homophobia a gay person can be capable of Google "Milo Yiannopolous homophobia" in a private tab and you'll see many examples. The idea that someone cannot be internally biased against their own group is something that needs to end. Milo is an exception though, in that he is outwardly so.
Whoa, a real live robot!
Is there an equivalent for the PS4 controller? Tired of this darn thing not being able to re-sync on my desktop.
Props to him for using the most terrifying possible angle. If this was simply shot from above, it wouldn't be half as bad.
Hmmmm I see
I didn't even know there was matchmaking. I've only ever played with someone on my friends list.
This is amazing. I'm going to do it tbh. Of course I don't have a dog, girlfriend, or drone, but hey I can try, right?
All of it.
And the frog meme isn't even the original. I've seen "it is Wednesday, my dudes" paired with a cartoon drawing of a dog on Tumblr since 2013.
Not to mention the Jedi wearing desert robes makes sense now
He uses "SJW!" in titles. That pretty much got me to stop watching him.
That's not a literal protest though. ... I should shut up so they don't get ideas...
Unfortunately it's still pretty poorly optimised. Shouldn't be a problem if you have a Ryzen 5 or better and a 1060 or better, but for me on my FX-6300 and R9 380, it was pretty disappointing. Still, though, better than most high end parts when it came out... I'm so happy Vulkan is a thing now. I get 100 FPS in DOOM with pretty high settings.
What???? Yes!!!! I honestly thought his days of popping up to guest star or recur on random TV shows were over now, but I'm glad the exception is gonna be Brooklyn Nine-Nine. :')
That makes sense.
The founder of Oculus ain't too great a guy
You mean he dropped the character of not casually saying the N word?
Same. But then I did a complete 180 again. I sort of hated Pewdiepie for no reason until I became a Jacksepticeye and Markiplier fan and saw some of his videos (the "My New Car" video is brilliant). But then I realised what a disgusting YouTube drama channel he'd become, and the Fiverr scandal, trivialising Nazis, and dropping the hard R... yeah, not for me anymore.
That could be weeks from now or years. Best just stick with what you've got tbh.
Hmm, this is a great message, but I don't 100% agree. I believe some of these have value for entertainment purposes. They should be disclosed as fiction and for entertainment purposes only though. How are people taking the fact that Captain D doesn't like Borat?
&gt;As of right now, there are three black billionaires in America. Wow, damn. That's shockingly few (to a non American) and really proves your point about the gap. Maybe that comment was just counting them? "Here's one. Here's another. Here's the third one." /s Although it obviously seems like there was no first one they're talking about in the first place...
I thought that too. :| But they cut to her before Oprah said that. So just an unfortunate cut.
I would be just as excited, just for different reasons. Because it would be film history.
Two Jedi Masters?
Okay
You're not going to be budged by me. If the entire Me Too movement is happening, Oprah gave a speech, and your only takeaway is "rape culture only exists in Hollywood", then I certainly can't convince you. I'm not a persuasive writer or orator.
Nope. He gestured to Tommy to get up on stage pretty much just after he got up from his seat and he did it again on the way to the stage. Then he called him from the stage.
Always upvote Is That Paul Rudd
The guy who wrote the original "worse than Jar Jar" tweet is Joey Salads, notorious YouTube racist and sexist. Just noting that.
Despite the H E W I D E memes, I'd say his fitness looks a fair bit more natural than some other actors
[Here](http://ileolai.tumblr.com/post/168713836349)'s a nice post illustrating a few times the First Doctor was like that, but worse. Hell, the "smacked bottom" line was one of the most offensive things he said in the Christmas special and it's lifted DIRECTLY from the First Doctor's era. He was written to be a jerk, even back in the 60s.
/r/doctorwho is good fun for fan creations, not so much for discussion.
How??? There's lots of creatures they could encounter and fight. Lego Star Wars II pretty much already has similar but in a different environment on Dagobah, Mos Eisley Cantina...
I wouldn't find that to be a problem at all if the events of the film were fictional or took place about 20 years later tbh.
Seems like making films that represent underrepresented groups in film plus good marketing gets you box office $$$
Most of them left as well. And the new faces are writers on the shows themselves too.
Agreed in terms of pure horror and scares. But they were both fantastic films regardless of genre.
&gt; with Marvel's takeover now complete It is FAR from complete. It's barely just begun. And I sincerely doubt there have been any actual Marvel talks outside of a meeting or two with the top execs.
Fox News is a cable channel.
Hahaha. No he's not, like, a genius. He is a musical genius and an extraordinary mind. Like the other comment said, MacArthur :)
I hope he comes back as Dormammu's vessel for Doctor Strange 2.
So... You're saying they're SJWs? And this is getting upvoted?
I agree to some extent, but the setting of BioShock could do very well as a film or TV adaptation. Especially 2D animated, I think.
Okay, I think four comments is enough.
Great. You get the story in the game. And the Mad Max films, comics, and game are just legends about a mythical figure. The Canon of the series is more like a Venn Diagram than anything else. If you find the game's world interesting, check out the movies.
And they never actually move on camera, if you look closely. They never even talk. There's no camera. There's no projector or film screen actually. Just look closely and you'll realise the entire concept of film does not actually exist.
I've seen the keyboard on Lazy Game Reviews and it sounds and seems really nice to use, but why do you use a Model M in 2018? I think that's pretty cool regardless.
https://en.wiktionary.org/wiki/stan#Etymology_1 It's been a term for a while, it's only recently got complete widespread use. Hell, I didn't even know it came from the Eminem song. The sexualisation of the Stranger Things kid is a HUGE problem, I definitely agree. But the way I see it you're using it as an excuse to criticise something you don't like, but which is actually pretty positive if you take a closer look.
My mom's theory is that Michael is a soul in Purgatory. This actually jives with that.
Honestly.... That's not gonna be a bad idea. Those Intel and MSI barebones PCs with Intel CPU's and Vega graphics aren't looking too bad right now. Gaming laptops too.
Exactly. This is totally reasonable.
I really don't know actually. If I could, I would build an app that would notify me of immediate availability.
The sub hasn't "devolved" into anything. It's always been the same few lazy things at the very top of the subreddit with new things swapped for old. I never said any expletives about any miners, but miners are the reason that the prices are so high. I simply expressed shock that they have started using 1050s too.
Except this is just a string of 1/4 inch to 3.5 mm TRS and a 3.5 mm splitter near the end. I'm sure you got some crazier stuff than that. I saw an XLR to *ethernet* cable the other day. I assume it's for PA systems, but it's still really funny.
What
Question though. How does copyright work in this case? It'll be under Creative Commons protection, right?
A bitch
You're right.
John's impatience to finish songs pretty much forced the Abbey Road Studios engineers to invent Automatic Double Tracking, didn't it? I think it's just that John was passionate about some songs and not about others. Or just that he wasn't so great at bass. Which is overstated I think, I like his work on the bass.
Seems legit
Oh Lord. Control 4. When I was like. 11. We didn't really have ambitions though, we were just doing it for fun. Since then, only one of the four members has been in an active band, and he actually got fairly locally popular as a drummer. A year ago though, I made a super talented friend on Twitter and we became pretty close friends so we've decided to start a band. Currently distance and traps or are issues but that will be fixed in a few months time. But I think I'll count *this* as my first band, not the previous one. Yeesh.
Let me guess... you think Ocean's Eight is going to be bad.
Hey that's my same GPU. How does it work in VR? I've been using my phone and RiftCat and get pretty good FPS on some free VR titles, but I was wondering how it with the Vive since I'm considering getting one. My system hits pretty high on the Steam VR benchmark, but not quite VR Ready. So yeah what kind of performance do you get on it?
Yep. In fact that's pretty cheap as far as things go.
To me, sure they are. I get frustrated with L.A. Noire and Dark Souls because of the frame cap. But the guy in the screenshot is right about why 30 FPS feels better than a fluctuating 40 to 60 FPS or so.
Go for it.
Nah thanks. I'll get the Vive. In terms of the games that support the Rift, the new Vive coming out soon dropping the price of the original, my own personal positive experience with the Vive, and various things that diminished my respect for the Rift, the Vive is the one for me. I only temporarily considered Windows MR because of the price, but I soon after making this comment realised that there's separate support for the headset, which means far less games.
Keep your finger on the pulse of deals. Saw a 1080 this afternoon selling for MSRP on Newegg (minus the value of the $50 motherboard it came bundled with).
It's Whataboutism
Only ten? Huh. Thought that album was older.
I mean... Yeah, it probably does? Because it did actually happen in real life...
An emulated Vive where you can use your phone
What publication/website?
Disagree. Him doing it with no character on The Late Show is way better. That character would not really work these days. I do enjoy when the desk pieces have hints of satire though.
That's cool. I only know of him from his appearance on Sherlock. Interested to see this.
Trinidad and Tobago. Hmm. Take picture of the icon and send me
&gt;Maria Contreras-Sweet Ahhh, so she *did* get it. Yay for her! Turning the company female-led is some delicious irony. And it could open up a lot of opportunities for female filmmakers.
Has he done so recently? I only knew because he made a video like two years ago about it
Dammit Dr. Radcliffe stop it with this Framework crap and get back to work!
I think you need to revisit the show. I had doubts myself, but I watched a bit the other day and I could totally buy Will as genie.
I wanna see it! Does it look like /r/Ooer?
It already is outdated. If they port it over to C++, switch over to UWP, and keep it just as open to mod, I think it'd be just fine.
Howard Stern was wrong. I think that's something we can say almost universally at this stage. Seems like she's been a regular on high profile TV shows literally since the year of the Oscar win.
I was lamenting Zendaya being cast as Michelle because I thought Zendaya would make a great MJ.
They did.
Okay I'm missing the reference here. The Tick?
I mean her not being exposed to things properly in her developmental years might have had something to do with it.
And Sense8 films across the world
Close. [Edna Mode.](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gecxZLXyrKs)
Reminds me of how Rian Johnson used a bootleg picture from The Last Jedi in a tweet recently
I have lots of super cool artist friends. I'll probably get them to do something for me
Yo, that's awesome. I was considering getting mixing headphones before deciding on my studio monitors. But I figured I'm too careless with headphones so I should get something that would stay safely on my desk.
I think you might have read the sentence wrong then. :P
Any scene with Christopher Plummer in All The Money In The World will have you noticing things different. For the most part it's pretty consistent, but you can tell Mark Wahlberg had some more muscle mass in the scenes with Plummer. There's also some super obvious green screen early on in the film, thought that was unavoidable. As for Solo, an obvious reshoot would be the scenes with Paul Bettany since he was cast to replace someone else. If he shares a scene with Emilia Clarke and her hair looks different in that, you'll notice how her hair looks in other scenes and be able to pick out which scenes were reshoots.
lmao I subscribed for this month only because I got the 10% off and I heard Destiny 2 was great
I hate the new trend on this sub to berate women for taking pictures of themselves. It's shameful.
Heyyy I follow her, she's great.
Her play writing career is also taking off
It kind of does reveal the video's agenda though.
Man I definitely got to have this now.
It's not better. The game is just balanced in a way that puts controller players on a more level playing field. They're still at a disadvantage but not nearly as much.
Honestly, that might be for the best. If they build a whole new game from the ground up without the shortcomings of PUBG that would be great. Adding player progression, an art style, missions, single player mode maybe.
I get amazing FPS in DOOM with my FX-6300 and 380. Vulkan is a miracle worker.
As writers, they can. Directors, probably not on movies.
A TV series should be good
They went the Age of Adaline route and casted an amazing impressionist.
Could be both.
H3 Podcast would probably be better. It's like Joe Rogan but not as bad. Still bad, but.
They didn't "pick" an app. WhatsApp is synonymous with communication basically everywhere but America, especially in developing countries.
To be fair, she got injured on AoS too. :P
Which second bit?
You're totally right actually. I mixed up the stories. It was never stated that the demon's son died (can demons even have families?).
Table
They aren't. Seems like all the Fortnite stuff is gonna be in the Nintendo presentation.
And the TES card game, RAGE 2, and the new Wolfenstein.
Same. I'm a freakin' mod of this sub and what spoiled me was a post on /r/FortNiteBR of Dusty Depot saying "Mr. Tilted Towers I don't feel so good". What I didn't expect was... well. Everything else.
I like how Unreal Tournament III does it tbh
Yeah, playing Watch_Dogs 1 still feels like a complete experience.
How?! I got game invites and it just showed up in the new one. Post this on the Feedback forum.
This band is amazing. I love Todd for introducing me to them.
It didn't.
I used to roll my eyes at all the people calling him annoying or saying things about him. I liked him. Really shocked at this too. I never liked Louis CK though, so that one wasn't a surprise to me, and yet Reddit exploded over it defending him. It's all about who Reddit likes that sets the consensus in the comments I guess.
I don't think people are realising your point...
Fire Rick.
No that's not why. It was tiring to see Rick and Morty reference chains on things completely unrelated. Multiple times I would see someone just comment "*snaps* Yes!" to a post whose message they agree with, and that comment would be upvoted almost to the top with a constant reference chain underneath. Rick and Morty is a fantastic show. But that was dumb before even the Schezuan nonsense.
Not on subreddits like this. More so on /r/pics or /r/gaming or other former defaults.
Why does it make it as legit? Are they sourced journalism from professionals?
Ooh cool, [Valve's image](https://i.imgur.com/L3jAfYS.png) is the old Valve guy!
Okay... That has to actually be him right?! It looks exactly like him.
Hi Rejector71, thanks for submitting to /r/marvelstudios! However, your submission has been removed. This action was taken because: ...your post has already been made by another user. If you disagree with this action, you can [message the mods](https://www.reddit.com/message/compose?to=%2Fr%2Fmarvelstudios&amp;subject=&amp;message=). Please include a link to your post so that we can see it.
God, I love Fortnite, and Jim spells out exactly why here. I can't wait for Save The World to go free. I'm gonna be playing that so much. Also this will probably be unpopular but. I miss Stress as the Jimquisition theme song. I think it just fits so perfectly, and it fits the "Jim Sterling" character as well. I think it would be best for that to be the theme and for Born Depressed to play every six months or so for particular episodes so we know they're special.
Pretty sure that's it.
It's a cow eat cow world
Yeah. I agree. I definitely hear the similarity, this guy's definitely talented, and I will be keeping an ear on him. But This Is America is basically a trap sendup/critique. The choir in TIA is Gambino singing over himself many times to build a choral sound to end verses, contrasting with the dark trap preceding and following it. This has a guy in a vocoder singing single syllables at the end of lines (could be considered ad-libs?). It still sounds great, but it doesn't sound similar and doesn't perform the same function in the song.
Batman?
Cat.
But you can kill the other two players, right?
Lordy, really? Damn.
Ooh, that's a tough one. I'd say probably go with the Switch. You add a whole bunch of new games you can play plus you can play Fortnite on the go. The only thing I would consider the 1060 for is VR, which since you'd have to wait to get a headset in the future anyway, might as well wait for a future card that does VR for cheaper.
Oh I didn't know that. That's weird. Still though, the Titan V is a whole different ballgame.
And he's having a smoke
Him?
Last Christmas the game had a much smaller playerbase. It hadn't caught on yet.
I'll be at a beach house with friends. We will have our gaming laptops though.
Yeah, Brexit hasn't happened yet. I assume they won't have time when it does.
I have some bad news for you. That report went straight to the moderators of the subreddit and was ignored. Unless you meant you reported them by sending a link to the post to the /r/reddit.com modmail.
Exactly. My friend is pretty good at CSGO's weapons but she hasn't played competitive because it requires voice communication
Summoning /u/12Medbe
This is either marketing for the album or just Spotify being snarky at the people going crazy at them for the Drake album not being on it for a few hours after it dropped on Apple Music.
Merry crimson! merry chrysler
I don't think it disproves it.
Hi Tommy0613, thanks for submitting to /r/marvelstudios! Unfortunately, your submission has been removed. I was likely removed because: ...the contents of your post has already been submitted by another user in the last six months or is currently on the front page. No, we are not obligated to "proving" this to you by providing you the previous post. #OR ...your post could be participating in a "karma train" and attempting to replicate the popularity of another recent post currently or recently on the front page. [Please, avoid breaking Rule 3 in the future and search to see if your post hasn't already been submitted and don't attempt to replicate the success of others for easy karma.](https://www.reddit.com/r/marvelstudios/wiki/rules#wiki_3._no_reposts) Please, read the entirety of the removal reason carefully and really consider why your post was removed. If you disagree with this action, you can [message the mods](https://www.reddit.com/message/compose?to=%2Fr%2Fmarvelstudios&amp;subject=&amp;message=). Include a link to your post so that we can see it and better understand the context for its removal.
From what I gather, Felix is basically just going "hurr durr Indian ppl lol" at some company named T Series? I'm so glad I stopped watching Pewdiepie.
Whaaaaat. I love DJ Yonder. He's such a cool skin especially for the Tier 1 Epic skin
I'm caught in the middle of hating YouTube Rewind and hating the edgy dudes who hate on YouTube Rewind because it's "normie"
I disagree tbh
Temmie Gang Temmie Gang Temmie Gang Temmie Gang Temmie Gang Temmie Gang Temmie Gang Temmie Gang Temmie Gang Temmie Gang Temmie Gang Temmie Gang Temmie Gang Temmie Gang Temmie Gang Temmie Gang Temmie Gang Temmie Gang Temmie Gang Temmie Gang Temmie Gang Temmie Gang Temmie Gang Temmie Gang Temmie Gang Temmie Gang Temmie Gang Temmie Gang Temmie Gang Temmie Gang Temmie Gang Temmie Gang Temmie Gang Temmie Gang Temmie Gang Temmie Gang Temmie Gang Temmie Gang Temmie Gang Temmie Gang
Best friend and worst enemy
I bought my last 2 tiers so I could study for my math exam instead of playing. Math exam is done now, but I think I'll take a break from Battle Royale until the new season comes. Might play a bit of Save The World to get some V-bucks because I'm 250 behind on the next Battle Pass
I drew a big breath before reading that second sentence
That reminds me of VRChat
Killhouse!
[Indeed, a true pioneer](https://www.gq.com/story/notch-whiteness-tweets)
A lot of people: https://medium.com/s/story/does-the-ok-sign-actually-signify-white-power-or-what-6cf3309df985 In fact, ContraPoints actually points out exactly why the OK sign was used here: https://youtu.be/Sx4BVGPkdzk?t=608
The Ninja class from Save The World is lanky too and looks great. I just think this skin isn't unique enough in addition to that
Shuri playable
Ooh, that's awesome!
I've rendered home movies in 24FPS and this still looks as bad as that
The mixing..... just spend a little more time on your mixing, dude....
Oh wow. I really thought they were saving Waluigi for a surprise in the game but I guess not
KEN LEE ANYMORE
Wasn't he being considered for Batman? Then again many people are considered for many things with DC...
I mean, HL:VR is a thing, we know that much
Fortnite announced a map maker in the morning that is releasing tomorrow. TOMORROW.
I searched and searched last night and couldn't find it :/
It was such a cute little animation! And then badass Santa came along...
My uncle's friend had installed Unreal Tournament 1999 GOTY Edition on his PC so I knew about Epic Games before, but I can only imagine people playing Infinity Blade in 2011 and thinking the name Epic was picked because of the flash-in-the-pan popularity of the word Epic in the early 2010s.
Yeah. Fortnite: Day One LTM would be amazing. But not this season. There are just too many cool mechanics and LTM's to bring back (like Food Fight and Disco). Next season should be more of a filler season like Season 5 and then would be cool to see a Day One LTM. No skins, only the Default Dance, original map, original mechanics.
Now that Unreal Tournament 4 is officially dead, I hope that they recycle some of the game mode concepts over here.
PUBG desync and bugs has gotten way better. Fortnite has as well
I thought it was just going to be called "Avengers" tbh. That would have been very confusing
I hear the mods here don't like bamboozles
*Gaster's Theme intensifies*
Weird flex, but ok
Compare that to this: https://www.reddit.com/r/pokemon/comments/9wfqzr/pok%C3%A9mon_detective_pikachu_official_trailer_1/
You'll definitely have a lot to write about with the Infinity Blade update!
I can't believe I didn't think about this
Everything on DCEULeaks is gold and often says more about the writer than the DCEU.
The count decreased from 20 to 10. You can't have more than three balloons at a time.
That's not really _his_ clothes either, because his clothes were at Avengers tower. Then again, Avengers Tower was sold and everything in it was transported to the new compound, so it's very possible his clothes were in storage somewhere there.
I'm glad this is your outlook. Remember when the whole sub was up in arms at the new AK sounds?
This might be the most hilarious video I've seen on the sub. So perfectly timed. The OOF goes right with the ending note of the Avengers theme. Masterpiece
How is that doggo not scared as heck???
thank mr id software
It should work with the Epic version, right?
A lot of the VR games that didn't support Windows MR have had it added so those games might get updates that work with it. Additionally, there's a program called Revive that you can use
Yup. People act as if it's a caption to the meme. it really is not.
Watching your loved ones experience VR is honestly amazing as well!
Also add API's and graphics card architectures to the diagram /s
I'm sad Sony is so stubborn with PSVR, but I understand why. Microsoft and Oculus absolutely can't survive without collaboration (apart from the more consumer-friendly Oculus Go of course), and Valve only benefits from opening up SteamVR to more compatibility. Sony really only stands to lose by opening up PSVR. It's pretty different to the Fortnite situation where I was just baffled at why they didn't want cross-platform
I love how dirt cheap CS:GO sprays are but hate how they're the only thing I get from drops anymore
Psh. Naw. You gotta watch out for yourself, man. No need to go along with my story. We don't have Red Dead 2 on PC so we have to get our wild west type experiences somehow
I do think Scott is more reflecting of the evolution of gaming critique, while AVGN is still AVGN (and it works!)
Holy crap I just watched a Let's Play of this and its amazing! I'm almost more excited to try out this than Doom VFR
Dude. 100% get it. Sounds like it'll be right in your wheelhouse. Wolfenstein 2 as well!
A Seraphim is a high ranking angel, so hmm
That's /u/TheLowSpecGamer. He's awesome!
You're gonna have to commission a real games studio for that. And it won't be cheap.
Wait how do I turn on the reprojection thing? I vaguely remember reading about that recently (it means you can run at 45FPS while still feeling just as smooth right?) but that was before I got an HMD. I have one now. Only thing is that I'm running on regular not ultra so my display is only 60Hz. That means I probably can't use it, right?
SUPERHOT is the most innovative shooter I've played in years.
Nah, but I don't have HDMI 2.0 on my GPU. Even if I got an active DisplayPort adapter, I still only have an FX CPU. So no Ultra for me. :\ But it should be okay with 60Hz and reprojection, right?
SUPERHOT is the most innovative shooter I've played in years.
Ohhh TIL. thanks
He got some kind of award for sales or something. Also he seems to be doing pretty well for himself in terms of actual stuff he owns
Wow this reminds me of Alan Resnick's Unedited Footage of a Bear
&gt;A lot of VR games benefit off microphones. Also very useful to get your game up and running while you're putting your controllers on.
I want to thank you for saving my life
As annoying as MLM recruiters are, things like this always remind me that they are the victims. They're the targets that have successfully been hit.
I agree. I'm from Trinidad but US politics affect all of us.
I kinda wish they would give us the option to 3D touch the other buttons as well, that would be pretty cool imo
I guess he doesn't miss
It's only confusing if you're new around here. INT and Overseas means outside of the US.
OOOOOOFFFF the actuals were even lower
It's a creepypasta https://knowyourmeme.com/memes/the-backrooms?full=1
I hear the opening scene is identical to Shazam and the original closing scene that was reshot was identical to Captain Marvel (shapeshifters and all) Dark Phoenix the third Captain Marvel movie of 2019
I'm gonna highball it and say 40 years.
Lmao what Captain Marvel had a positive critical reception. Literally all Brie Larson said was that she wanted more diversity in the interviews/press junket.
Bob Iger also said he wants Reynolds back as Deadpool and Rated R. But I feel like if Feige wants to reboot Deadpool or just not do Deadpool again, he would defer to Feige's request.
Microsoft really should do a bigger marketing push AND make it compatible with XB1S, XB1X, and the next gen Xbox. That would boost sales immensely. Maybe them also manufacturing them might help
YUP. That's pretty much the only reason I can think of him being on board.
Sony and Marvel are playing very nice nowadays with their mutually beneficial relationship.
Awesome cosplay. Really highlights just how much Rox looks like Loserfruit though!
It won't make it, sadly. Endgame can't leg out this one. Maybe if it came out in December :/
I'm gonna say it. Luke had a stronger and more interesting characterisation in TLJ than in Empire or ROTJ.
If not for Endgame I would have capped it at 900M tops tbh. With the Endgame bump, I would put it at 1M to 1.1M so yeah maybe around Captain Marvel tbh
Country boyyyy I love youuuuu Bleh 😛
No, the actors on Fast and Furious have a union.
Absolutely. You get to root for and care for Saul in ways you never expected to. And it is extremely well written and acted. Additionally, you get your fix of action and intensity from Mike, Gus, and Nacho.
Congrats on the engagement!
Update to OneUI!
Oh I guess you have a plugin to put the time on the right
Dope!!!
They mean the character who has had the longest run on the show. First epsidode of Breaking Bad to S4E8 of Better Call Saul
Nice
Same lmao. People are praising the Square Enix and Nintendo Presentations and I'm just here like... I thought Microsoft was better lmao
I loved the little detail of her offering a piece of the sandwich to Steve.
That's still my cover photo on Facebook. I'd changed it to a picture of my friends and I for a bit, but I just had to put it back because that image is an eternal mood
Battery is preeeetty bad. But zero scratches. Even with some panhandling. Solid af phone.
Good night, comrade. You have served well. I have a feeling the Note 9 will age better though.
Yeah, that's pretty much the extent of it
That really does seem like what it is. Women have been shamed on here for less.
As nice as this is to look at, I don't think it'd be a good idea at all. Change is a part of life, and if Fortnite is a living, breathing game like Epic has been trying to tell us, change is something we're just gonna have to put up with.
Tim Miller writing him is pretty sweet, especially considering the critical lashing Tim Miller's Sonic movie trailer took.
Anyone using autism as an insult in the steam comments is clearly too young to be playing VR and should be relieved of their headset immediately.
Gear VR. I wish we had a way to do 6DoF with the Note 9. It is more than capable of running Beat Saber natively
Yeah, similar concept but not nearly the same level of horror and dread
You're thinking on too "national" a scale. Think of it as a smaller state in the US and it's a cabinet member of the Governor's. There were like 60 people watching.
Yeah. Jon Batiste learned to play piano by ear trying to figure out video game songs. So it's no surprise he incorporates them into his biggest gig yet all the time. Here's another one: https://youtu.be/5LePi6UrBCU
Nice
This is a really cool way to celebrate!
Seeing the little kid dealing drugs made me think she's stoned the F out of her mind, which she absolutely was.
I mean, it kinda is a little bit. Nate's dad clearly fetishises trans women intensely.
Might be because they seem to be abused less. Maybe better laws preventing abuse now too.
Yep. And then they immediately fat shame her. Ugh
He was out of focus, if that's what you meant. But not blurry necessarily.
Yours is even better
Incredible stuff
As cool as that is, I still wish Valve shipped it with some first party software
Or just use the Outlook app and sign in like normal.
Project G.U.L.L.I.V.E.R.
BR emotes in STW. They can port them over in batches if necessary Mouse and keyboard support on mobile!
He's not directing the films, but also it's kind of his job as a producer to keep his finger on the pulse of good talent.
He's gay
~~Auto Chess on the Epic Games Store~~ Maybe Shadow of the Tomb Raider and definitely a few VR games.
There will probably be a Disney+/Hulu package deal, which will probably be worth it imo
That sounds familiar
LARRY confirmed part of the MCU
Jeremy Jahns' only gripe with the movie was some of the pacing in the first act and being basically a teen comedy. Which... is nothing but net for me. That's exactly what I wanted. I was worried this would ditch the John Hughes vibe but clearly they haven't done that
That came out after Captain Marvel
Does Kristen Stewart is gay?
Nah. Travolta still cares about some of his roles, he's just in bad movies a lot. He was really good in American Crime Story. Bruce Willis is an actor who just doesn't care.
This is so sweet!!!
Using CGI for everything is valid though, once the director and producers put in the actual work to get it done right (e.g. Far From Home). "Augmenting" practical effects can be just as intrusive and difficult like with Cats and Chappie. The latter still looks good though.
Matt Smith is absolutely my favourite Doctor
I need an unwholesome version of this to relate to
Good in theory, terrible in execution
You can throw around buzzwords all you like, doesn't make it true.
Yeah, but if they're on Steam and you played them on another platform, you would be locked out of voting for them despite having the exact same experience. That's not good.
When they said "they brought back", that made me just think of the actual anniversary special. The Night of the Doctor too. Five(ish) is just something Peter Davison pitched and made. Not like the BBC actually commissioned it or anything.
Zelda Breath of the Wild didn't come out this year. You are not extending my logic, you're trolling and you know it. BOTW would never come out on PC, but if it came out on Steam I would damn well expect someone to vote for it if they didn't have the PC version. Death Stranding will be an actual example of this. And RDR2 already was.
Hmmm. I started it without the mod. Why should I get the White Wolf mod you think?
I mean, that's what confirmed it to me. The clues were much earlier
I don't think it should be the credits for every episode but they definitely should use some metal for the soundtrack/score. I've always been of the opinion that you can put a lot of anachronistic stuff in high fantasy because it really is a whole other world and there is no anachronism if the future where these things are invented don't even exist. The Witcher already does this: social attitudes, racial composition, spoken language, Jaskier's song composition and arrangement, Mousack's planetarium and atom illusion at the feast. All of these things are very modern in the show and they all kick ass. So they should absolutely incorporate some fantasy metal at some point.
Oh man I've really gotta start that. I can maybe put the first couple seasons on in the background while gaming before stuff gets REAL?
At first when we saw Baby Yoda and he used Force powers I thought they were definitely going to carry him to Luke. Then I thought actually nah they'll keep it fairly disconnected. But now that the whole season is out and I've had time to think...... I reckon they actually will tie it in pretty heavily once the show is a few seasons in. I think we'll see a de-aged or recasted Luke after about a ten year time skip.
You're right, it's a Wookie gunship
I was so confused about what this sub is but from what I gather it's sorta like /r/freefolk or /r/rantgrumps?
It's pretty alright. I just wish they didn't cut Sam and Jonah out.
No you didn't fix it
But. He dies in the first movie. How.
I'm sorry but the Oculus Go is just not a reflection of what 6dof VR with hand tracking is.
I mean the RGB
No people straight up despised the game because kids liked it. Just like Minecraft and FNAF before it and Fortnite after it. I was there and I was an Undertale fan. People genuinely hated the game.
Yes
Why would you post this then??! I don't understand. It's not like it's a new game
Yeah you're right they need to do that. *And* they need to raise taxes on the wealthy.
Exactly!
They gave it an F cinemascore because they didn't like it. It's not a strawman if it's literally what you just said.
I laughed when I saw the making fun of teleportation in the museum but the game is guilty of a thousand worse sins
I still can't believe I got it for $6. Regional pricing on EGS is insane.
You're right, I thought the dragon portrayal was awesome here and I definitely didn't see it coming. It's only when his companions showed up at the dragon lair I started yelling "OHHHHHH"
&gt;Obi wan, yoda and masters knew they had to run for a chance of recouping. They knew that. To me it still doesn't make sense. It's an inherent flaw in the movie itself that no amount of context can fix. They set up a situation where it made it impossible to reach the point of Episode IV in a logical manner character-wise.
This isn't so much a shower thought than a relatable DAE. It absolutely does not count for Trump. His narcissism knows no bounds.
Aren't Unbox Therapy and Linus also calling them that
CRAP. Why?! I have a 75 foot CAT5e cable running to my modem. That shouldn't bottleneck anything right? The switch on my modem is gigabit and I have a 150Mbps connection.
ASUS M5A97 R2.0. As far as I can tell it has Gigabit?
Oh it's so depressing that this is the first comment because I don't live in a place where any band I like ever really comes to.
Oh wow that turnaround is seriously impressive!!!
He's too busy with Star Trek.
Except Emojis don't have an inherent story. Fortnite does, and a pretty good one at that.
If they actually adapted the Fortnite story in an interesting way I would be totally on board.
A whole other subreddit might be a bit much. We only have 42k people on here, not like /r/GameofThrones or /r/witcher. I think the nature of the show and the fandom as well lends itself to more "stan oriented" posts too, especially in the off season. We will consider having a day of the week set only for discussion though. Or if the actor posts get too overwhelming and people complain, maybe a rule change to restrict those kinds of posts (though that is unlikely).
No, I do use a DAW! I use REAPER and use my digital piano essentially as a sound bank through MIDI. It's a really dope workflow and it sucks that I can't do it at my apartment. I have a laptop as well, but I'm only home for like a day. So my plan was to compose and put down MIDI tracks at my apartment, then come back home and get them onto my digital piano to lay down the audio tracks. But I haven't done it yet. I should.
&gt;I would also consider what your future looks like - probably much of it will be in situations like your apartment rather than at home. Nah, it's most likely gonna be at home. I did start off with VSTI's and such, it's just that it's sort of a waste to have my piano sitting there while trying to get by with software when I found a good method through that. :/ I'm trying to get my old keyboard up and running so I could use the bank from that too but it's proving pretty fruitless.
There's also an older lady hero in Overwatch called Ana. You should check out Overwatch, it's pretty nice
You can be damn sure the music in GTA V has a better deal
Always 6
Hope so. That'd be awesome. We do already have an LGBT character in Nightsister Merrin but it's clear she and Cal are gonna be a thing so it'd be nice if we get Cara hooking up with a lady
On here, it's okay to speak ill about Dan for being on his iPhone or not knowing some specific video game trivia that he is way too old to know or care about. But dare to speak up about his creepy behaviour and you just get "well actually it's not illegal so screw you"
INFORMER skbedbldjdbskxlusjzkax I LICKY BOOM BOOM DOWN
I thought it was a reference to Little Red Riding Hood
AAWWWWW I love this!
"man sauce" Incredible
The sequels really do right by Leia compared to ROTJ. Battlefront II as well.
I just don't think John Wayne is a good actor by modern standards in general. He was also a white supremacist, so maybe that's making me biased on the issue.
This is snobby nonsense that means nothing
Downvoting when you just disagree is against rediquette. That's not what the downvote button is for. I don't understand how there's any other way to interpret that but romantic. "We spent all our time together. I thought that when we got older we would be together." They were already together in every conceivable sense but romantic.
1000% sure it's the post credits scene
God i love Mendo in that movie
$$$$$
I can't believe Todd was nominated for best director. Like Jesus Christ. I came out of Joker loving it, but now I'm so jaded. I saw someone say "Joker wasn't fiction". I'm so tired.
Okay
&gt;Whatever Apple buys will likely be smaller and more strategic. Oh definitely. But the idea has been kicked around, just like Disney buying Netflix.
I had no idea it existed!
It feels more awkward to say "beautiful US territory". And the US treats it like it's a different country for no reason.
I understood just fine tbh
Oh wow. Good catch.
I made that comment before he said that
Pretty sure if swords had those, people would be injured way more by just using them
Netflix does weekly releases already with a lot of things. Mainly shows that air originally on TV channels, but they do it all the same. It wouldn't be unprecedented. I think they should at least do the staggered release for S2. It'd be better.
Todd Phillips would have blown up the set before he let that happen
Unshackled by the confines of their non-asshole friends and collaborators, Doug, Rob, and Brad are now free to be edgelords.
...It Chapter 1 and 2 ? lol
Well then it seems like you're the kind of person ATV+ is aimed at. It's really a matter of value for money for the mainstream consumer. &gt;Plus, the streaming quality is the best I've seen on any streaming service. No surprise there at all. iTunes already has great streaming quality.
MEEEMMMMORRRYYYYYYY IT'S SO EASY TO LEEEEEEEEAAAVEEEEEE MEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEE
Not to mention that username
What planet do you reside on, currently?
Not gonna happen. Sorry.
What I think it nailed best is that it is done in a "meme-y" ironic way even though it is in-universe a serious clip. That is totally how a couple of 15 year olds would approach that topic especially a year or so later
Going back on Saturday
Um ok? That doesn't sound like you take my point. It is literally illegal to fly the Nazi flag in Germany whereas millions of Americans and a disproportionate amount of American politicians proudly display/defend the flag that represents the pro-slavery side of the civil war.
milibits per second
Just replace fires with Brexit and it still works
2018 lmao That didn't turn out too well
Rhett was like "Yeaaahhh!" And Link stopped himself from saying something else to tell her "we'll see" LOL
No I mean views
There were giants in New Asgard but nobody that big!
They're trying to test out the algorithm. People watching will subscribe or like and that could influence the algorithm into showing up on more feeds.
I have it on Steam, it's great
Yeah that's probably a better way to put it
Oh yeah good point
&gt;For film history, this fucking sucks. Why
Yup. Mike, Gus, Lydia, Victor, Tyrus, Krazy-8, Don Eladio. They all look visibly older. But Jimmy looks great. Jimmy genuinely looks 20 years younger than Bob Odenkirk is.
Christ, I'd buy it if they make it Epic exclusive even though I'd obviously prefer Steam. This is amazing news.
Lil Wayne
They might not be as safe as you think. They only have one safe billion grosser this year imo and that's Mulan. Black Widow and Eternals could go to a billion but I'm not sure they will.
Link said "my" though
Hey cool, I might try this out. I've never seen snow.
&gt;his BS SJW phase Are you kidding me?
Yeah this episode was nice but wow I didn't like the ending. It felt like nothing was coming to an endpoint quite yet but then they just dropped an eternity passing on us and the Judge decided off screen that the humans are going to the Good Place? Idk, this episode and the last one don't really feel like this show.
Same
Knew it'd be an LGR video before I clicked
OHHHHHH. Oof.
Jesus Christ what is this meme lol
Does other include their chef and in-house psychologist? Hm.
What's sad is that it only got 1.4k upvotes. Barely 400 over your target. That doesn't bode well for actual fan interest
That's just straight up not true though?
https://mediabiasfactcheck.com/drudge-report/ &gt;In review, the Drudge Report typically provides hyperlinks to external news sources, in which Matt Drudge or Charles Hunt write the lead in headlines. Almost all news stories favor the right and link to right leaning sources. Frequently, the Drudge Report links to conspiracy sources such as ZeroHedge and Infowars as well as Questionable sources, with very poor fact check records, such as Breitbart, WND and the Gateway Pundit. &gt;Drudge Report also publishes columns from right-wing journalists who have poor track records with factual information, such as Ann Coulter, Rush Limbaugh and Roger Stone. &gt;A 2014 Pew Research Survey found that 8% of Drudge Report’s audience is consistently or mostly liberal, 18% Mixed and 74% consistently or mostly conservative. This indicates that Drudge Report is heavily preferred by a more conservative audience. &gt;The Drudge Report has also promoted numerous debunked conspiracy theories such as: &gt;* The President Obama Birther conspiracy and that Undocumented children are violent criminals.
YES finally!
Didn't he lose his leg in the Black Mesa incident
I mean Leia was never exactly a pampered princess, considering her father was an Imperial Senator involved heavily in a rebellion against the Empire. Genuinely thought the best idea for a Kenobi series would be Jimmy Smits reprising his role as Organa and coming to Tatooine to beg Obi-Wan to create a new Jedi Order to assist the rebels. Obi-Wan refuses, and Organa gets captured immediately after leaving Obi-Wan's hut.
Kathleen Kennedy has been a superstar producer for 40 years. She isn't going anywhere.
Whoa this game is great!
You really think systemic racism isn't real. Not at all?
Don't forget about Riley! He's the best on camera talent they've got. Which kinda makes sense considering he's an actual video host.
FRICK. Oh no. Ohhh nononononononono Oh no. I don't think I'm necessarily as attached to these characters (I still love them) but genuinely this ending might crush me. It'd be a perfect poetic ending to the series though. The series begins with telling you flat: there is a heaven and a hell. It would be perfect to end it with: we don't even know what's gonna happen so make your time count. For me, someone who was in constant existential crisis before getting some help, that is going to destroy me.
That's the thing though. There is no such thing as happily ever after because that would literally be boring. I thought the show's been a bit rocky this season once they stopped the Neighborhood experiment, but now it's finally bringing it in with the same sitcom/fiction deconstruction the first season excelled at, and with deep moral questions that nobody could ever know the answer to.
Lmao brilliant
Mark Wahlberg will be so old by the time the movie actually gets made that he will play Sir Francis Drake in it
K
Nobody cares about "iconic" characters for the most part. They want to see a movie they enjoy. I'm still baffled as to why they thought in the 90s that adapting a bunch of comic strip characters was a good idea
Second one of these I laughed at
I think they should have delayed TROS to December 2020 and NOT hired Terrio. JJ would have delivered something a lot better
No. You just know Brent was one of those people who was happy disco was dead and burned records
:(
Very much so, yes!
She founded a cosmetics company that became worth a billion. She doesn't need to act.
Reminds me of a certain bronze man "My big a-brain"
I phrased that badly. Really I mean that her time is genuinely better spent on focusing on her company, while acting pays her peanuts by comparison. There are a lot of rich actors but to get further along, it only makes more sense for her to slow down the acting and just focus on her company
You have to remember the wham line of the previous episode: "We were evangelical Christians." Remember the idea wasn't to fund the sketches so much as funding the mission. To them, they were trying to sneak the message in in a less awkward and invasive way. The sketches just broke out of the confines they put them in.
Honestly, while the subject of a sub not being a mod is still something I prefer, Reddit has changed so much in the past few years and the environment is so different.
I reckon just get the Soundcore Life P2 like I have. That said, it is a bit... isolatey. sometimes when you move you'll hear muffled impacts in your ears, and the fit isn't perfect. But the sound quality is phenomenal and very low latency.
I've got a few of those things too. It's gonna be tough
No, Billie is a bad type, make your mama sad type
&gt;I realize now that what I wanted BCS to be is closer to what the show Boston Legal basically is but set in the BB universe. They absolutely did consider something like this but I much prefer we get what we got tbh
I've been theorising that since Season 2. I don't see it happening
It's fantastic imo. It's funny how Call of Duty and CSGO's attempts to chase the BR trend ended up with the best Mobile BR and the best FPS BR respectively.
Wow this finale exceeded my expectations by far. Definitely one of the most satisfying TV finales of all time. Surprisingly no twist at the end, which is sort of a twist in itself. I'm glad there was no hint as to what happens after the door. It's just another mystery. Another thing that really really touched me: Tahani getting that message from Janet. I really expected the next scene to be her reuniting with Kamilah, but they surprised me and they were already reunited and really really close. Then their parents coming back really made me sob hard. My parents are perfect and amazing, so idk why it hit me that hard. Maybe because they're Indian like me? Idk. It was just my favourite scene. Oh, and whoever it was that eerily predicted that Jason would go first and that Tahani would be an architect. I've got a shiny Doug Forcett flair with your name on it (once I become motivated enough add it to the stylesheet, I'm still trying to process my birthday cake from Wednesday). Won't mean much since the show's done and this subreddit is about to walk through the door but I figure it's a nice gesture.
No spoilers, dude.
It's making me sad too because I don't have anyone like that and I don't know if I ever will but I want to
This... is an amazing counterpoint to the The Good Place finale. It has my brand of nihilist-loathing nihilism all over it. I just wish Lin-Manuel got to sing this time.
UGGHHHHHHH I wish this show wasn't canceled
I do get that, but there is just obviously so much more that was meant to happen on the screen, even if this in particular was the ending they always had in mind. It's the same situation as Person of Interest. They had to cram seasons into one, and had to cut a bunch of things that would have made the ending circumstances a lot better.
It's not that it's bad, it just needed more
Skeleton Crew is overselling it, it's literally just Stevie. Kinda love it, reminds me of the days of GMM just being in Rhett's house. Btw they could have been doing this all along because podcasts and video have been allowed in LA this whole time once there isn't a crew, but props to Mythical for doing quarantine this long and keeping everyone on payroll.
I don't want him to be young Batfleck, but I do want to see him folded into the DCEU somehow. Idk, just say Speedforce
Will absolutely be watching this. Thanks WB. Would be cool if they just released it on HBO Go for free but I'm sure there's rights issues with that.
YES SCOTT
Good job!
This is such a horrible idea. Just recast. It'll be fine. Removing the character will completely uproot the entire show, and then it'll be like 6 seasons of Kate Kane's successor or something. It doesn't make sense on any level.
*Kill Bill theme intensifies*
The accepted terminology around this is always changing but I've definitely seen "disabled person" be allowed and encouraged as a term.
Mad respect to you, Alexis. Hope you're doing well
If this was in Fortnite Chapter 1, Tilted would be so green, your phone screen might start photosynthesising.
Lmfao I'm not even saying Cyborg is a token character, I'm saying this post is tokenism. But it really shows where your mind is at, so thanks for that.
VERY cursed image
Wait huh?! I had no idea James was under Defy like Smosh and Clevver. Wow. I guess he owned his videos outright unlike them though. Thankfully.
My family got a bag full of mangoes today. I don't like mangoes :( I wish we had oranges
That doesn't matter? I'm just saying he's even more disgustingly wealthy than you imply
I never said anything about Republicans and Democrats.
&gt; Meanwhile liberals use the black on black murder statistic to disarm the populace and make us more reliant on police interactions to keep us safe ...what. I have literally never seen a liberal politician prop up that statistic the way conservatives do. Right wing politics prey on racist ideals. I'm not saying liberal ideas aren't given into that, especially neoliberal philosophies. But the guy says he's right wing but hates racism. What I'm saying is that far right wing economic policies like eliminating taxation on the wealthy, axing welfare and social services, they work in favour of racism. I'm not saying right-leaning ideas don't have any merit. But "right wing".
That makes absolutely no sense, because when you look at these fields, they are disproportionately saturated with white men. Women and minorities are not given the same opportunities in these segments. "Just hire the best people for the job" is the kind of mentality that just ends up with the same issue as before. For there to be diversity of thought, there must be diversity of voices that influence that thought. I can't find the quote right now, but Jon Stewart always thought it was ridiculous that there was a need for diversity in the writing of his show, and he thought he already had a diverse staff: until he realised literally everyone in the writer's room was a white guy. It's only when he actively sought out more Black and female voices did he get anywhere. Also I find it highly suspect that you say you're against racism and homophobia, but call diversity "bullcrap".
Did you feel uncomfortable with the bicep thing?
&gt;Steam's store wouldn't publish bullshit or erroneous information like that. Yes they absolutely would lol
I wish we were given any gameplay whatsoever. This has great atmosphere and a nice setup but is a poorly edited trailer. "End of an era" is such a powerful statement. You don't get to make that statement when you aren't linking back to something else!
Many thoughts
Holy crap what an absolute nutter. Glad he's gone.
https://www.reddit.com/r/roosterteeth/comments/h13tzh/burnie_has_announced_he_is_leaving_rooster_teeth/ftq0hl9/
It doesn't necessarily mean the end of physical games. I could see them doing a proprietary flash cartridge like Nintendo or using USB4. The latter would be 1000x better and faster than a disc.
Honestly I feel like the PS5 is a better investment for now
I have no clue. I don't live in India.
Right?! I've not really engaged with the general gaming populace much lately. I forgot how bad it was.
I have no knowledge about this franchise or this game whatsoever. Like. Not at all. Kind of a shock it went immediately to overwhelmingly positive. What have I been missing?
I'll hold off for a sale I think
Good beat and the song wasn't as annoying as his usual music. His flow was actually listenable for once. Nicki's verse was great, no reservations on that at all. My issue with this track is: the artists. The whole thing is dumb controversy. This is the LAST thing they of all people should be making a song about. But I guess that's kind of the point isn't it?
It's gotta be way more than 25%. The CG costed so much too. The movie could have probably been made for 60 million with actual age appropriate actors. Or less.
I love Tarantino films but I cringe at the idea of a novel written by him. It would be the absolute pinnacle of r/MenWritingWomen
Probably not Netflix, considering their poor relationship with theaters at the moment, but Apple, Sony, Disney, Universal, all very much would love to bring Nolan in. WB would be insane to let him go over this. But it's WB we're talking about. For better or for worse, they tend to kind of just do their own thing.
You joke, but today they literally revealed the Fortnite guy's name is John Jones
Jeremy Bearimy
Thanks so much!
Knock knock
Bunsen got a baby brother???? 😭
Nnnno, that's extremely racist.
Mmmmm. This is good and all, but. Nah. You gotta do better, Megan.
Are you sure? Things feel pretty definitively over for me.
Goddamn. That has really got to be a tough experience. I hope she enjoys the rest of the game.
That certain orange dude has more in common with the BvS Lex than comics Lex
That game looks fun, I hope it does well
My jaw dropped WIDE open. Gonna go follow this girl immediately.
You think? Because that's not the lyric
How
Then what were you talking about? What take did I give in this comment chain?
I understand Disney's rollout thing, but the dumbest is that my family subscribes to HBO and already pays them the money they'd get for HBO Max anyway but there's no planned rollout to my region whatsoever. So. It's almost like a moot point. Can't watch anything from HBO Max anyway so...
Why should people presume his innocence when there is such a burden of proof? Why don't you want to believe survivors like this? The majority of sexual assaults go unreported. A TINY minority are false accusations. You can't let your confirmation bias get in the way of real human lives.
He didn't "talk" to them, he groomed them. I feel like, just with COVID-19, we should listen to the experts who have dedicated their lives to research in the field.
I disagree about Arin. I do think he genuinely cares about these social issues. I don't see anything to make me think otherwise.
Morbius
James thought Maso's name was Michael. Incredible. He probably confused it with Nicholas.
That's because its viewerbase is on Twitch. I'm seeing people with thousands of viewers on here. Already better than Mixer. That said, this is my first time visiting the site and it is TERRIBLE. Good Lord that UI is ugly. I get that it's scalable and consistent but wow it's bad.
OOOOOFFFF that Angry Joe suggestion didn't age well.
There was an episode where Link had to guess insured celebrity body parts, and Dolly Parton has her breasts insured, resulting in this: https://twitter.com/Mythical/status/1253072334908514316?s=19
You must have not been around in the early days of PUBG Mobile. It was better programmed than the main game.
Nnnaaahhh. Epic sale was way better. The $5 off of purchases over $30 is weak sauce compared to Epic. But the Steam update is excellent. Profile customisation, emotes, stickers, tons of new options. I already feel like I have a hugely more positive experience with this than the Epic sale because of the update and the sale experience. Even though the Epic sale gave me better deals. I just kinda wish there was a minigames too, but what we got is so good.
OMG!!!
I'm really happy about this. Encouraging people to buy and play games rather than pushing MTX. The market is still there if you want these things, and cards/levelling is still a thing, but I like this way.
*BFG Division intensifies*
&gt;It seems the show has been getting a lot of recognition lately after moving to Netflix, and now with the cast reuniting could we possibly be getting a season 4 announcement for Netflix? I'm cautiously optimistic. I think it's very unlikely. In fact, I'm going on the assumption that it is not happening. Between exclusivity deals, and the fact that the Silence of the Lambs TV series is finally getting off the ground at CBS after years of Development Hell, they won't have the rights to that book.
Giancarlo is one of the most phenomenal actors of our time. The one thing he's bad at is actually sounding Latin American at all (also the character isn't Mexican).
No. Fortnite became sort of a place to hang out online. Kinda like Second Life. They added a Creative mode, and this year they added a party mode with no weapons. You can watch the movie with friends, with all the interactivity that the game provides.
She's mad people called Jenna Marbles out for blackface. I might be the only person in the world who actually thinks Jenna didn't have a perfect response to it. She tried to defend it, and dramatically decided to leave YouTube. It was a genuine apology, I respect that, and I do believe she genuinely doesn't want to hurt or offend anyone, but I still don't think it was a good apology. You don't have to kowtow to the toxic stans, the same way doubling down on being offensive is wrong. There is a middle ground here.
The user you're replying to is wrong. The achievement tracking works for people who have played the game, not just who have bought it. It means they launched it but quit in the first five minutes.
Good. There is no reason this should be happening now.
I only knew him from his movie reviews back in 2016. I dropped him like a hot potato when he started saying weird sexist things. I had no idea he's a big youtuber/musician now???
Yup that's exactly what I thought of upon seeing this comment. Didn't even think of it when watching the video because it feels like the risk there is much lower. He's being held and supervised by multiple people and not just exploring.
RIP StW. I don't play it a lot but I enjoy it and will continue playing it through. Sad they've kinda just archived it though rather than turning it into the live service it was shaping up to be before BR came along. I really hope they streamline it and make it more single player focused, and release it on the Epic Games Store. It really is a fun storyline to follow
