Lol
You can actually make your whole guardian invisible with the card shuffle emote
Unless you want the new perks I tend to believe they are mostly a waste. But its also a good way to get guns with feeding frenzy and multikill clip
Yeah its crazy how roaming supers evolved.
Amazing work. I believe your previous version hosting site went down so maybe you can reupload it for people that do enjoy other languages? Im not one of those people but I did see people having trouble getting your previous version.
Upon download the ginsoraudiotool2.exe was flagged by avira antivirus for containing the pattern of HEUR/APC (Cloud). Something that didn't happen in the previous version. Not exactly sure if that's something you can fix or care to fix. I'm not worried personally.
There is an older shaxx soundboard [https://evilarceus.github.io/Destiny2-Soundboard/](https://evilarceus.github.io/Destiny2-Soundboard/) May or may not be helpful. The newest audio has shaxx singing about cheese.
/u/isbilen10
Oh i was that other redditor. I did that with a command line utility which offered no features. I use ginsor audio tool now for rips. I highly recommend using the new one and typing in shaxx. It will group by supremacy, crimson days, tower etc. I also did a shaxx gps voice for waze and garmin.
Hey Im cheese forever, if this ends up skipping the vorgeth ogre encounter let me know and Ill cover a video on it.
Actually what you want to do is make your way to the vorgeth encounter legitimately, then back track using the wish ender wipe bugfix (up the statues) to get to your out of bounds. Thats likely what will give you results.
Kyle is the besto
Def hit 900 for milestones to start showing
I mean last season we kept all mods other than artifact
You can still get year 1 from old vendors I think
True it is good for general play, but only this seasons armor mods focusing on arc. It would be easy to keep and introduce solar affinity mods next season. Void next. Is charged light game breaking when you sacrifice other useful mods? Probably not.
I know you can backtrack from vorgeth to the entrance to the area after the first encounter. Not sure which push barrier you mean no.
Unless they reintroduce sources like they said the would be doing for the weapons
3 hours
I have a video that doesnt push you back
Thanks. Im not a big metroid fan though.
rumor
Is wish 15 currently in game? I know you were able to tell for the other wishes and said its not in game last you checked.
I enjoyed it
Dont forget a full set of unpurified reverie dawn tap armor
Thats how i feel as well
I dont know why he would intentionally crush hope
Not wrong
Nimbus cubs
I have a question about your weird device ruling. Because you can get a wiiu gamepad hooked up as a controller. Or stream to youtube and watch via gamepad. But both watch and control at the same time via gamepad would be really hard.
We already could apply old y1 ornaments as year 2 universal ornaments but they patched the glitch to do it recently. https://streamable.com/g1m76
I did the no guns glitch to walk around and record the scenery of GoS with zelda music that turned out amazing https://streamable.com/m1h3o
Ive found myself wanting new rolls. But I have no space for god rolled armor of every affinity of every season so I can use the activity based mod slot. Like screw me a set of every raid/activity armor at every affinity for all classes is your entire vault space
The dawning one is always arc. Basically if the effects are a certain color thats a fixed element. Otherwise its your current subclass
Can confirm solar is always solar
Then doesn't ps4 remote play somehow invalidate it?
Nothing unusual. I think a ps2 might be possible but I don't have an ethernet adaptor or browser disk. Ps3 , wii, and switch could be possible through qemu and installing windows xp as a virtual machine. Not sure if stadia supports xp. Only old qemu supports xp anyway. Alas I'm not able to find documentation for qemu installation on the wii. So I guess I don't have anything.
been a thing since shadowkeep until this season
Take all the upvotes
You can still add y1 paragons to lower dodge cooldown further
thats what I was thinking
i'm going to post the vorgeth skip for warlock and titan soon. Not really sure there is a need for a lengthier workaround right now. How did you actually get to that point though? There is a load zone you have to hit after that.
I got mine to 1 second with burn and 2 seconds with frosteez
Ill dm you
Heck let the first one be powerful
Ya
Here is a clip of the old bug https://streamable.com/g1m76
This isnt exactly useful but its interesting
As a warlock i want more robes and less dresses. No skirts. No dangly titan mark in the front. I want an open front and something like a trench coat on a shirt. And let the thing have shaderable regions. None of this solid color crap. Plz and thanks sincerely a warlock who liked d1 armor better.
To be honest with all the testing I do...glimmer is more useful than the other trash
It was mentioned via datamine https://www.light.gg/db/legend/lore/4214623766/fifteenth-wish/ Added in season 4
If warlock void melee on a brick will move it. (Have full heavy) use heavy finisher for bricks.
You can also use the festering core score exploit for an easy 200k
Same chance special is better if running double special weapons of different types. It also sometimes works in crucible
Blind well
Tangled shore
Any milestones.
Because of artificial progression reasons
Check postmaster
Was on xbox 1 and had a full tower. Mostly under max level
Ive had that issue before. Not much I can say about it. I think I completed the encounter again and got the reward the second time
I think its still super easy. Lack of taken mods hurts some. Machine guns arent as good. Infinite ammo telesto and wish ender triple damage are helpful. You can completely bypass vorgeth encounter. You can still skip the boop wall. Infinite sentinel bug is fun.
Healing rift in advance
They were too good so they had to work the other way
If you put on doomfangs right before every super, melee kills and shield hits both grant super energy. Meaning it takes the whole wave. The detonations from middle tree can sometimes hurt that synergy
Thundercrash or blink. Also hunter method has been found
Shots fired
Yes still works. Theres a couple cheeses. But you need to put in three sequences to start the levels
And infinite heavy exploit sleeper, one shot throwing hammer and trick knives, invisible character models etc. Bungie has more problems than balance
Congrats. You cheated not only the game, but yourself. You didn't grow. You didn't improve. You took a shortcut and gained nothing. You experienced a hollow victory. Nothing was risked and nothing was gained. -meme I cheese things all the time honestly. Games about fun. Not frustration
Yes there arent any new unique activities. But if they are prepping for d3 then why bother with top notch seasons in d2
Great way to kill majors and grant heavy special. Bounties around them are kind of much
Slowva sometimes i feel. Bottom tree not really
Agreed
Here ya go https://blog.providence.org/archive/the-psychology-of-eating-crayons
Xurs fated engram
If projectiles are coded as solid then yes it could detonate on said projectile
I have tons of hybrid builds on youtube under cheese forever. The main thing is reserves stack. Scavengers dont. (But can be used alongside of 2.0 scav) Paragon mods stack for 1 second dodge cooldowns. (So keep an armor piece y1 each slot) Trancendant blessings are still one time use. Keep anything you like with super regen capability like heavy lifting. I would have to say if you are looking to delete. Target y1 chest pieces. They are garbage perks wise. Y1 scav is half as good as y2 scav. Everything else seems 1:1 ratio.
Apparently that creates too much load time which is why they invented activity slots in the first place
I left all my characters with amazing armor on and ghorn. So whenever I need to save the world in the pre cabal timeline Ill be ready
I used the invisible character model glitch to chaos reach in pvp and it was actually nice not seeing a body in the way
For the seasonal high score triumphs and quest requirements
Score in nightfalls
You can literally do millions of damage per throw under the right conditions and after every kill just switch caress off and on and its immediately ready for a second throw when you need it.
Late to the party but totally congrats
Unique format
Totally agree free stadia is needed for population. But if they dont cover basic features like a way to message users or the ability to download and share clips, nobody is going to put up with it.
Bought stadia for all the cool features they didnt give as promised. Graphics are actually worse than my xbox. Phone is unplayable. I can run destiny on steam on my laptop better than stadia in the chrome browser.
I suppose you did ps4 time trick?
Awesome find! I was able to pull it off consistently. Meaning you can single shot to 1 bullet. Then use it to bypass reloading and go straight back into single shot mode.
Video https://youtu.be/zjlOKr4NwAM
I can't seem to do this on xbox. Any tips?
Can i see a copy of the script?
and that gives you double shot occasionally? Whats your fps?
Jokes on them because year 1 wormgod didnt get disabled and works fine
Thanks
In all my runs not a single person got it. Which isnt that many.
Hat is ready
As long as we can figure out a way too push him off the map
I joined built in xbox lfg for legend sundial. No mics. We beat it first try. Could have had matchmaking.
I just went to the boss room cheese spot on the side and couldnt die by the lightning or enemies.
You can actually use destabilizers on any sparrow https://streamable.com/1jp5l
Because you always need destabilizers active at a moments notice
Cheese forever posted this weeks ago on youtube. Very fun strat
They usualy say "All NEW" dawning items except finisher will be available for dust. Giving is old.
I mean if you made it into a youtube vid people would subscribe
I make up to 3 videos a day. You can get it done start to finish in about an hour. Obviously its a long term investment that could progress into money. Whereas reddit is a short term investment. But you do good work im sure it helps people either way
Glitchtutorial found this a year ago [https://youtu.be/RwZuivkpIKQ](https://youtu.be/RwZuivkpIKQ)
I posted this over a year ago https://youtu.be/9X8MGXAkE1E
https://imgur.com/a/F6Y1HeT Not as good as the falling apart ghost
Man and I just perfected the infinite health build
If you sprint cancel its faster than quickdraw
This is an awesome prime farm spot and gave thousands of gunsmith materials.
Im fine with it. I cant have high expectations all the time. But ill definitely be hyped for d3. D2 had everything right except the endgame when it came out.
Afk forge farming. Get 1k while sleeping
I got bombadiers and the titan chest from xurs fated 2 weeks ago on vid
Theres already a glitch that does this so you never have to reload. Even one to shoot 30 ammo straight.
Jump cancel is not a good option because when you land theres an added screen bounce that doesnt line up with where it fires
The amount of last wish solos I bet riven be granting you wishes
Yeah i can send a vid if u need help
Most days I play with the new exploits.
Looks good
Its just not game breaking
Its good that its brought up periodically but we dont need to give Bungie a list
Yes
Cheese everywhere
I dont think element counts
This
Nah. I cant remember all the glitches Ive covered at this point. Cant be expected to. I think bringing up a list could hurt the glitch community but it might also help people discover new things. So if youre down for it go for it
You went and made a useless glitch useful. You are amazing guardian
If you side with vanguard you are a snitch forever. So think carefully. Might as well do one character of each.
You can store keys, old currency, exotics etc. I don't think bungie would want players to make that easier.
If you get in it's usually a great experience. But getting in is not a great experience.
I posted a video on the two chests in one wish over a year ago. https://youtu.be/u_60GWFjQug I heard that the method was patched though
I wasnt the first. It was pretty big for a hot minute
But dont worry if you dont complete it 😂
I find plenty of people in the forge in the afk department /s
Congrats
It had a moment. But it does leave argument for buff
Y u bully wish dragon though?
It Wished for cookies and nothing else
honest question: did you try restarting your phone?
lol thx
Two minutes in an emote is probably better than wasting heavy in mayhem since you need to do it in a single life.
You can still use the emote glitch to remove your character model. A warlock and titan with no head is just as bad.
That we can exploit and cheese whatever we want
zen moment on werewolf seems fine
yeah glitchtutorial just posted a vid showing it was possible on youtube
Can I use your screenshot in a video?
I did it plenty. You just have to pick a good spot dependent on the map and spawns.
Cool ill use it in my video talking about the old glitch to convert ornaments to universal. Its been a feature they quietly removed on purpose
yes I do. Its the invisible character model video - cheese emote glitch
I mean you did jump in the loading zone
Spinfoil with links. Very good
Theres a chilled to the bone and rapid fire cheese for snowballs.
Heat rises makes you appear as a vehicle in pvp apparently
And we used to have the option to apply vanguard crucible ironbanner, ornaments as universal ornaments but bungie patched it
I ended up syncing youtube live chat to send controller commands to my xbox. Still not what your looking for though
Worked for me, didnt have all previous codes in
I can confirm that putting the codes in reverse allow you to get the previous codes. Forwards does not work
Apparently they all work. If you have trouble they can also be put in backwards
Hold interact with the pillar
Same
Leave the mission and go back in if you are really stuck but you can reset at the pillar in the main room
Lol you got me
Hardcore destiny players afraid to lose 1 hour of actual progress
There are over 1million sound files not searchable by name. You should just find a place with no ambient noise. Turn off everything but sfx and record it.
Probably want ginsor audio tool v1 but good luck finding a link
Looks good
Try it backwards
Bookmarked
!RemindMe 6 hours
Nothing
Nothing
The cake is a lie
Tried all 19 got nothing
Reminder
I disagree
I also don't play on pc
That means you skipped one
Thats interesting
This was added 12/9 not today. I looked at it a couple days ago
You need like the 3d physical attachment and hit enter vr mode. Gives it a 3d panoramic.
Finally something cool. May wish ender be blessed as the little sister of telesto
!nominate
Can confirm I've covered all 3 classes before. Hunter is a pain though
yes it one shots supers in pvp
Just posted a vid of it working in pvp on a lot of maps 1 shotting supers
So help me
This works on tons of pvp maps allowing you to one shot supers with a wish ender body shot
It also one shots supers in pvp
And now it one shots supers in pvp
It also one shots supers in pvp
The reward is actually buffed wish ender
Unlucky
You will want to buy hardware attachment
They could do increased damage on precision hits but not overall
Too bad it one shots supers in pvp
You can use martyrs to send spider tanks through the map
Been around for a while
Shes always been a vendor on non-US servers (at least in battle net)
You can also skip the encounter out of map
I can actually imagine that
This weeks boss? It sounds like it didnt update the checkpoint because a player was joining the game
Slowly wish ender takes the throne with one shotting supers in pvp
I think guardians need to vent because they care.
Or reworked from scratch
And thats why I was coded in the first place
You dont own telesto, telesto owns you
RIP
Theres a reason there are 5 telesto glitches right now, they never fixed the bolts to begin with.
If you want to play with mouse then go pc. If you like the controller stay xbox. Pc has better frames and graphics and less recoil with mouse. Everyone on xbox has recoil. If you like the couch stay xbox.
You can already display your ghost armor weapons and ship in the tower. Not much need for more honestly
It would take development away from other areas
Why not do a third person solo
Seriously. Its not hard to do titan third person and even made a timer to help get it down
I think this wouldn't have been so much of a let down if we weren't repairing a broken weapon, queue broken weapon ON THE GRAVE. Its a sword. How is bastion related. . . What if bastion was accidentally released and the quest is bugged, puts on spinfoil hat.
Nighthawk dont mix
Hi dad, I'm a joke
F
Bungie tweet (french) said quest would have dropped anyway
Not the only way. I believe I was the first person to manage on titan after patch at 3 hours 22 mins in vid. https://youtu.be/rQsCTCFv0q0 Catapult lift lion rampants thundercrash is viable. Albeit more risky.
Im not well versed in speeds so I believe you
The chromatic core was pulled from light.gg (and possibly other sites) Ginsor audio did allow audio.
Light.gg would still show quest steps
Rdtg and raidsecrets have a flair for datamines. This is related to the audio tool but also the sites like light.gg that show quest steps. Bungie would have to disable part of the api and change their encryption to remove datamime and its not USUALLY such a big deal.
My favorite part is in the old story where he dies. Ah best 10 seconds of gameplay.
There have been 3 times this has been possible without completing the encounter. Frankly this is not one of those times.
I make it easy on balanced glide and high mobility
Half submerged looks like a pokeball. Theres a pokeball on the map. And the doors in d1 look like pokeballs. Also beautiful gravities looks like pikachu
Agreed dtr said there was a 90% win chance. Thats rigged practically
I disagree eye of another world offers tier 11 cooldowns. That's already exotic in that it stacks with 100% cooldowns.
[https://streamable.com/khth8](https://streamable.com/khth8) Some of my tests
Be happy for goals. The longer it takes you the more you will feel rewarded
When sometimes you think blueberries are bad, they could actually just have no idea how to play. Bungie could probably use actual tutorials
Try a different character? Should be character bound
Not true I used blink to skip vorgeth to help a guy start the wishender quest yesterday. Saved like 20 mins
Try all characters
I agree it was a nice quest duration
Funny
Even if someone made a video explaining all of it, it wouldnt get to the people that need to hear it. Because they dont know where to look. I did a general introduction series but its not like new players look up how to be a better new player
Less utility because of the complaints.
Yeet
Nice
You quickly do melee whip around backwards to deactivate the first and melee second. Needs high sensitivity
I dont believe so
You should probably try the100.io
High means putting mobility mods on all of your armor
So I believe the timer starts the moment you open the first gambit portal. I was able to stall for a while by just killing endleas waves it seemed.
Xbox is fine
Nah i shoot gun
Only when you open with it
No
Telesto gives you instant 25 seconds https://streamable.com/cmqwg
Spend 5 hours with a 50 percent win ratio at the top of my team. I feel you
Np
Well said
Thats weird if its also on controller
That doesnt protect from kill mechanics though
They said they were couple weeks ago
Tried with sword clash and crashed my game
You can start at a boss cp and then work backwards and do all the puzzles. Only hard part is the well jump. Probably want thundercrash. That way you can say divinity run but it wont take an hour to get to boss.
But. But. Erentil Dysfunction
Oh that would have been even more legendary
They need only disable quickfang and gold tusk (until new method is found)
Using other emotes you can get heavy from colony and telesto
Do the same steps, if theres no finisher animation it worked
Nope
No
Unless you count beaurocratic walk
It probably kept some of the previous progress since its overloading the game memory
Its possible. No documented tests exist. When you keep swinging it stops audio because the memory fills up. It fills up with this sword because the audio is not properly cleared from memory. I could see this happen with any particular sound. Possibly in air sounds.
Wonderful
I dont find all of these things on my own. Its a community effort
At least you can still skip vorgeth in throne
Forever
Its secretly a mess all the time we just need to find out how
The colony version on the channel works with pit oh heresy and any emote
Reactivating should be easy. Deactivating maybe not.
No matter what you make its knocked out in a month
I dont complain. More glitches mean less patches
It might be for the best
some people have issues with the sword swing on pc, but give it a go.
what do you mean partially?
Lol
That way we lose our vault
Its not matchmaking its lack of players playing
So cheat codes. We practically have those already. Like pushing bosses off the map or the new god mode glitch or the no cost finishers to get free heavy and special on every colony kill. I think you are pretty much talking free roam in general. The tribute hall is a good dev mode experience
Maybe
Oh yeah i got that mod to work until it stopped and didnt start back up.
You put "mater" in your youtube video title
I had same prob on xbox x in spire of stars being too close to valus when his shield came back up
We need an exotic with one two punch then?
Actually my wife has a static roll
Ruins peoples solo dungeons
Still should work
You can pull quest steps from the api and audio from the game files. Ginsor is the only one with the ability to pull images, 3d models, and out game cutscenes.
You used to be able to do this on hunter infinitely. If you do normal sos and DO NOT get a legendary engram you can farm it repeatedly for the emote. I made a vid a long time ago but nobody has tried recently.
Depends on what activities you plan on playing
If you get a legendary engram once then you are locked out for the week. If its your first time ever doing it, you get an engram Im told. If its your second or so it was bugged and would keep dropping loot since the engram was never awarded. After like 10 runs most of the fireteam got the emote.
If you like aggressive then titan. If you like strafing then hunter. If you like slow play then probably warlock.
A healing or empowering rift is your advantage. So you would want to stay in it for a large duration waiting for your opponent to come to you
Personal preference. You either play on 10 sens. Or play 3-4. And for mapping default or jumper. Some people play claw and some dont.
So...?
Gamesharing
There are places for specific legendaries but those are mostly from vendors
Do what you can but skip it if you dont have enough players
Controller
You aim for the ground
Honestly the rarity of ships doesnt matter
Not really its buggy with the ranged fire melee tho
Really cool. Sad about no chest. But its still possible to get the bonus chests.
I like debuffs. I dislike memory related challenges.
Debuffs like voltaic overflow memory like eye patterns
You should play to have fun. You dont need comp weapons. And even though some weapons outperform, it is also the skill with said weapon. So maybe you should pick a weapon type you like and then research the best weapons in that type.
Giving the base game free isnt going to hurt their profits any.
Cheese forever covered a video on that before. After changing load zones kills wont take your stacks
Are you a high enough power level
Yes
Did you see the one where every bolt drops special and heavy with the finisher glitch? Thats the latest telesto bug
Yes and theres videos showing it works on all classes
Maybe the dev build doesnt have a bug with glitchy health bars 😂 and enemies health doesnt magically come back.
Same
Nope
Yeah it works the same as the menagerie ball dupe and the sundial ball dupe
The boss room is super easy with the no ads glitch. Kill two ogres and your done.
Crazy how long it took
https://youtu.be/TzHUuSEVvRc I got it to work on original xbox by removing items from my inventory
It would be way easier if they just made it a postmaster package like usual
Ill message u
Its funny how people phrase questions in a way that yes and no can be taken both ways
Yes there is an emblem code
The more glitches in this game the more fun I have
I like jb3
I think it buffs mod drop chance
https://youtu.be/jwoVUvIXdfw
Wormhusk is fine
What reason do you have to make a new character
Deathtage on point
Love that encounter myself
Make a group if you cant find one
I believe you need a higher power level
Packages are separate and have no limit
I quit cos because tarrabah wasnt worth the effort
Im not allowed to post youtube links
Or outbreak, so you can do the no reload glitch
You dont even need that a sword with no ammo counts as that elements ability melee kill.
Yeah it sucks that I was flagged for posting links in comments
The essense are under your quests tab and if you need more you go by the table next to eris
Demand a refund from the supplier. Thats about all you can do
Recovery is a good idea. You can do double enhanced ashes to assets or one of each
Then you have one as a quest
If you run double sword scavenger and heavy ammo finder you dont need more ammo
https://youtu.be/JUU2KGwHniM
The one ascendant challenge works good to progress it otherwise people use leviathan starting area
I mean if you cant get the weapon then put the time in to get the weapon?
Armor and weapons of little value
I hate traction in pve
Its not unusual. What platform are you on
Stadia queue times are longer than me loading to tower on console. I mean ive played on every platform. While the load times on stadia are good. Theres not enough people and I cant justify 10 dollars a month to play when they dont even have basic features like messaging in or out game.
4 Its very nice because I never have enemies behind me and I can snipe easily.
Are you trying to do xenophage?
Destiny item manager browser or app.
I havent done them in a while. But you should always check to see the rewards for an opulence before opening
Im more talking about quest activities, forges, pvp, gambit, and raids. Non mainstream pve activities
Nah
See if one came back
Patrols for 5 dust wouldnt kill the economy
Maybe clear console cache
maybe the100.io
Recent change
Battle of twilight gap
The reason the voting system doesnt exist is because people who have "followings" could ask a large amount of users to vote for their content or offer incentives for voting, swaying the legitimacy. Ive made and submitted creative content with hundred of hours spent on to MOTW and they didnt get picked. And while thats frustrating to lose to someone playing guitar its hard to create a fair system when even community managers will have some bias to likes and dislikes.
base free wasn't released
Champions will still be a challenge in some areas. (The one's you can't skip)
One day
You dont need qf to do this
https://www.reddit.com/r/DestinyTheGame/comments/abcz9b/monarque_poison_works_with_solar_hunter_mid_tree/ This has been a thing since the weapon came out
It needed a re mention. Its been a while since people were talking about it
Do everything in quest tab.
I think therefore I earn
yes and yes
I watched it fine on insta right now
Well that was pointless (for those that saw instagram)
God mode and recluse
I could definitely believe reskinned weapons for next season. Good find
U want to dismantle a curated last wish weapon
Have you restarted your pc recently?
You had to be there moments
I second this motion
Theres a reaaon this never worked. When using a wish the elevator is closed.
This doesnt work with the wish wall
Good writeup
You can already go from riven to vault without bladerush.
No need. You can go from shuro to morgeth with the finisher.
Me and glitchtuorial tried to hit the load zone after climbing out of map with no luck. And if you thundercrash as you hit loading you can glitch behind vault door from riven. Still closed
Closed differently from vault wish. Vault has a plate. Riven to vault is just ground I believe. No idea about ability clipping except that knife trick emote a few days ago
Probably didnt know if it would be ready or not
You dream of cubes and nothing else
Probably
Nezerecs sin. Intellect recovery
Same
Wrong code. Use todayindestiny.com screenshot before accepting it
I used swords. Went pretty fast. Only use light swings and do not stop swinging or his ground pound will throw you into a wall to kill you.
Ttk
No you just tank it with 3 boss resists and passive guard
Armor mods.
They are not. Passive comes from artifact though
Yes
stadia does not need to be primary. You can use the bungie companion app if the website gives you trouble
Or the previous season browser link
Pretty much
Yeah good thing you can still get the mods without the dlc through the oob
Lol if you tap it while sprinting it deactivates sprint
Yes
Yes
The responses to this is how I feel in my video comments section. I feel for you.
Complete a forge normally then retry
Under 750 or block matchmaking
Succesfully complete 1 forge then try again
A lot of you dont do powerfuls for weapons in between
https://youtu.be/yQjeJXwWQjo The strat was taken from this video
Sleep = Rewards. Why not? It doesn't take away play time. Mobile clicker games have had success on this prunciple.
Rng
Successfully complete a forge normally then try again
Im pretty sure that was intended for synergy
Successfully complete a forge normally then try again
New light players can block matchmaking on pc and ps4 if over light
Yes ill dm u
Doesnt look new. Looks like the same glitch from 4 months ago https://youtu.be/3C8ljSF7_io Works with a large variety of mods.
Its really relevant now with the new mods. Deserves more recognition. Its just that some players could NOT get it to work with specific mods but did with other mods. And that is the biggest struggle with this glitch.
Do it on a third character?
Im interested in seeing a video
cheese forever has a vid on using pc solo script
Correct
Even still, afk forge farming isn't dead, just harder. And the engrams are still valuable loot for +0 drops.
This should cover it https://youtu.be/-YIVInIJbGM
Thanks for letting me know. Maybe ill have to finish mine :D
Xeno better damage
Screenshot of where you think it should be? Also try different character
Theres a new glitch out
I believe it goes on forever until the first portal is opened
The "Nascent Dawn 1/5" quest step can't be completed because the Sleeper Node at CB.NAV/RUN.()Dynamo.Approach.Arch is missing. From this weeks twab. Will be fixed july
Pagouri is the easiest since you can kill him without capturing plates
They removed the free mods and you have to unlock them now regularly
And now all I hear is how comments should be censored
We cheese because we must
Their customer support is awful. Ive reached out to them several times and they either dont reply or dont actually listen to what i said and go off on some unrelated canned response.
No
Dont buy the dlcs. Play for free. If you like, then buy
If they go back an area and then a hunter joins your fireteam they should be able to get it.
I think its 1000 with artifact to do the new light quest that unlocks milestones
I made a new light account and thats how it works. You have to have light physically equipped to progress the step. It doesnt count your bpl. Only currently equipped gear.
Sign out of your profile, then sign back in.
Nah missed the boat. But 4 glitches have made it possible so far. A new glitch can appear any season.
You also have to equip it all. Pick them up from eris
The point of a raid is to be challenging. Originally they had prestige modes that were harder but scrapped it due to effort and introduced locked loadouts. Then scrapped that too.
Known bug. Tracked in this week at bungie
no
You get loot every 10 seconds minus loading times.
Yes
You trade with someone in your fireteam. Also i gave away loot for 5 hours straight today.
I got sg this week
https://youtu.be/ZAzhnzG7h9Y anyone with the cp can copy it to you and then you can both share
they didn't want to get the loot but helped a friend
I've tried messaging dmg before, he didn't respond.
thats why cheese forever makes a video every day
you can [https://youtu.be/ZAzhnzG7h9Y](https://youtu.be/ZAzhnzG7h9Y)
In order to get more ammo, run out of 2 out of 3 types. Next kill will give you 2 types typically
Yes
I believe the time trials is the only way to get it rn
sound effects are not labeled by name and thus are impossibly hard to find. It's better to just take a clear recording and maybe do some background noise reduction
https://youtu.be/EYSAZImBiIg This version is clean from the actual files including sylok and keksis
Hi keksis
The saint 14 one counts as void as well as the solar themed ones. Of course if you have a regular finisher it defaults to your currently equipped subclass.
I didnt see the prompt but my court of oryx kicked in fairly quick.
Unless stadia dies at xcloud launch
Cheese forever posted a vid on yt showing that you could load your friends in a "loot checkpoint" that would give them the pinnacle, triumph, and emissary loot from prophecy dungeon an infinite number of times. This only took 2 minutes to do.
Riskrunner is amazing but if you use it in the final encounter theres a 75% chance you will get error code bird.
You have to complain to a best buy manager and tell them they need to pull their stock
I dont bother with builds for most content. Its more of a "i have time to mess around" mentality for me
While i agree their controller is a nice touch, i was robbed by them when they promised many features in my pre order that were never delivered before my pro subscription ended. It was false advertising. I had to wait days after receiving my chromecast for the activation code to use it. And the lag is unplayable at my location on all of my devices except on my chromecast ultra. Which defeats the purpose of the platform specifically.
Yes still stuff to do. But half of it goes away in september
Basically do the nightfall or strikes in the vanguard playlist to have a chance at them.
A journey into madness you say?
You get the dungeon completion triumph shown in vid. Also of course pinnacle is only once per character.
Rare
Rip for the only chest u have to open. Your not the only one who missed out on divinity tho
They will say things when they are ready
The first people on pc were the people converting from d1 console though. They wanted pc
Yeah i had 7 and pretty much killed that entire characters week of leveling
I did 5 raids on d1 lfg. Needless to say I sent the whole highlights back to youtube. But yeah ive been in 10 hour divinity lfgs. Divinity runs fall apart so easily. I smoked the consecrated mind off the map for insta kill and we still failed the encounter. I think that was one of my worst lfgs.
Yeah collect some of the upgrades on second row and it seems to reset sp
Its about a week before launch, that way you have time to cancel I think.
You do miss out on flaunting pre order exclusives.
Probably feel unfair
Fyi you can use your super to instantly destroy vandal shields
Play both
750 ordeals dont have champions. Easier than heroic honestly
So its the same one as 4 months ago with a different mod https://youtu.be/3C8ljSF7_io
