Please use original article title as per rule 5.
YOUTUBE
Then keep facing those braindead players and learn to punish unsafe moves that they spam.
Use original article title.
Mostly agree, tho I'd drop Laura's... Hurts my ears listening to it. Always felt the hill side theme suits her better. I'd drop Sakura's as well. I get that the theme is more of her coming to age thing, but her stage theme still feels more Sakura
Please ask in the daily thread
I've got a feeling they already know the perpetrators but to prevent a riot they deliberately try to hide it.
Not meme Monday
Poiforu
Please use original article title
Usually ministers are not those who have background on their respective departments. It's mostly the deputies. Reason being, the ministers duties are to debate and lobby in parliament so they are not necessarily technical, but their timbalan has to be otherwise they're both fcked.
Liow Tiong Lai was Transport Minister but he's a Nutritionist by practice (tho he was Minister of Health before), Wee Ka Siong is a civil engineer by trade but became Education Minister. Obviously it would be much better if we can have a minister whose both well versed technically and charismatic.
He already said Mahathir, for now.
If they do this.... i can tell u the BN guys will be having a field day.
Shimmy. Or wait a split second before hitting a button.
You can't find any? Bullshit. You never even tried to Google or YouTube.
Part of conditioning, so u won't press buttons. That way, the next time you're in that same situation, they will go for a throw. You can of course, do that to your opponent. But one thing you need to know, that you can always throw your opponents meaty timing off by quickrising or backrising.
Daily thread please
It works as well.
Or that Necalli that vomits into the sea
Do they do this overseas? The other day I was stuck in a gridlock because there was a two car pile up at the shoulder of the road. Mind u, the main road is freaking 3-4 lanes yet people still slow down to kepoh. I always honk the fuck out of the idiot in front of me who's slowing down
Same here. Stress is forcing me to take naps after work that it disrupts my sleep patterns. Doctor prescribed me some medication to calm my nerves.
Devil's advocate here.... It would make sense since Malays are still the majority race and Islam is the official religion, hence the need to cater to islamic studies, something that a non-Muslim might have a hard time to comprehend. At the very least the deputy must be of different race to advise on the non-Malay education. Just realized might as well go back to Mazlee.
No low effort posts
Rants go to the daily thread
You need to first find an opponent that will respect your ability to anti air, check dashes and consistently punish unsafe moves, then they'll start playing footsies with you. If I know you have a hard time dealing with jump ins, dashing straight up, cross ups and such why would I bother with footsies? That said, if u have the above dialed, then you need to learn your opponents habits and how to deal with them. Learn which are your best pokes and buffer cancels.
They should issue summons to these retards
a what?
Unfortunately I think every school in the world does not teach that. It's like a hidden code that you should not teach so fat cats can still milk us all of $$.
This is a bad post by OP. I was at first confused as well. Basically they took the wrong photo of the person mentioned by the news article and now the person who's photo is used is rightfully pissed.
With all due respect, using slurs is not our way of communication here. Not sure where you get the crazy idea that we're suppressing views. If we were, you and others would've been long gone from this sub.
Because without proper experience, not many newcomers can react to Ken cancelling his normals into v skill 1 run. In fact, a lot of cancelled blocked normals into his run is very punishable and it's a counter hit. Not to mention for beginners, timing of 4f punishes from his blocked HK tatsu can be difficult at first. And any mistimed punish will be met by an exDP.
You can search online for news
Analyst are what they are. They are paid to speculate however crap it is.
Removed for similar post
Basically part of the thread started descending into name calling. No one's been banned.
Please ask in the daily thread
Please ask in the daily thread
This is bullshit reporting. Downvote.
Removed for bad title. You could've titled it better without usage of caps and at least indentified her.
A Penang-nite. You can wiki her. She's also the assassin cleaning lady in Johnny English 2.
Ok whatever.
Ok.
Please use original article title
What's your cfn id so we can watch your replays
The next Kylo
Removed for not adhering to discussion post rules.
Use cr.mp to poke your opponent. Once he respects your pokes you can attempt to dash in for a command grab. Or you could dash in for a light punch or kick then see if he neutral jumps. If he does, do air knee smash. Lariat is your best pressuring tool. Use it often and learn to time it on your opponents wake up. Your best anti air is either ex-knee or cr.hp. after cr.hp you can go for chop if it hits double. If it hits single at the top, you can go for air knee. Use light kick elbow to close in to your opponent. It is safe at -2 on block but you lose your turn. Learn your best punish combo. Lariat into st.mp and medium elbow has good corner carry. Lariat cancel into heavy chop and into back drop is now possible. In the corner slowly approach your opponent and the same keep poking and be ready with an air knee or cr.hp if they try to jump backwards to avoid a command grab. Dash up lariat also works.
That's the best comeback u can muster? Sad.
Please ask in the daily thread
Please ask in the daily thread
Try watching Gief's that are few ranks higher than u, maybe around Plat to Diamond. Watching pros play isn't the way to go for new players like you said because you're not sure what they're doing and why.
Please ask in the daily thread
You're probably pressing buttons when you're not supposed to, not knowing the matchup, not properly poking or not properly intimidating your opponent.
Yea something like that. Or specifically watch Gief vs Ryu/Ken matches of ranks Plat and higher. Also look thru ur replays see what are u always getting hit by.
For example....? What is Ken/Ryu doing that's giving u the most trouble? Knowing what they do that safe/isnt safe is one of main pre-requisites of being good in this game.
Forbidden flag
Please ask in the daily thread
What did u buy SFV for? For the story? For the characters? For playing against others?
Depends on his internet speed. 2 hours tops?
Pros get hit by it from time to time. It's still a legit strategy.
Disagree. Guile is meant to be super offensive in this game, and his double hit v skill 1 and forward jumping v skill 2 just proves it. A proper lame character is Dhalsim, Menat, Falke, Sagat.
Who said it was compulsory? Stop reading shit on social media
It's better than nothing agree. Hence for me wet floor is not really an issue.
Toasty?
M. Brew
Ruang khas could be as simple as a roofed pondok with ash bins. Article mentions that it's di luar premise of the eatery. Rather you have that than people puffing by the road side.
Ex elbow dash lariat doesn't guarantee that if you opponent changes backrise. Also, u don't have to even have to MP after knee. Dash in after any knee puts u +4. U could even command grab 3 frame moves on reversal.
You have a problem with that?
I think it's ok. It was better during AE because that's what the original product perceived shouldve been. CE only adds new characters, balance changes and new v skills. Ok cool, but after a while it'll slow down just like when Honda Lucia and Poison were announced. Only thing I look forward to for the CE is the extra content that should come with the official release with Seth and hopefully a continuation of the storyline involving the rise of Gill.
Something else I notice from social media. When Malays do call those people out, funnily enough they would not rebut, if rarely. They'll only rebut those made by non-Malays.
No. He's ultra diamond. Hardly a Smurf.
Yeah, some people are just immensely talented without having to learn frame data.
No low effort posts
It's just going to be fought with drones.
Open Google map. Focus on area. Type in gym and search.
Please ask in the daily thread
Please use original article title
If it is, does it kinda jeopardize the trial? Like kinda forfeits the whole thing due to contempt of court?
Keeping this up as it shows the transcript of the conversation recorded.
Yeah I've seen my fair share of the really obese....but they are extremely few and far between.
Dash in cr.mk shunpukyaku rinse and repeat.
High metabolism is a myth unless you have an underlying medical condition like thyroid or taking hormone changing pills. You're probably eating a lot more than you realize while he's eating a lot less than he realizes. That's what I say to myself at first when I thought I cannot gain weight. I'm eating a lot less than i think and not enough daily.
He could literally walk up scissors.
Cant remember the last time a rich and powerful figure actually went to prison (if you discount Anwar tho).
Of course. Why should I stop jumping in on you if I know you have trouble defending against jump ins? If you can't beat low league players then you don't deserve to rank up simple as that. Imagine losing to one in a tournament and then complaining that you lost to some random player. Trust me buddy, you're going to be the talk of the internet for years to come. Just look at Gandhi vs FSP. learn to be patient and grind. Don't be like that other person here that literally does the same. Complains about not being able to fight with proper players but in actual fact he sucked so bad and has anger issues.
To trick them that they are throwing fireballs. That way they can fake the opponent into throwing an unsafe move and then punish. For example, jumping, or activating CA.
Dude, just don't try with this guy. Its obvious he's never going to take any advice. The actual players who's willing to learn wouldn't keep posting shit everyday on this sub and instead spend time working on their fundamentals. Yet this guy is always here being a negative Nancy. Trust me, he'll never make it past gold.
Sorry, you have practically zero interactions in this sub. Your post is treated as spam.
Charge, f+HP, then immediately press HK and release it as negative edge
Please ask in the daily thread
Interesting. I'll be sure to implement this!
Yes we do. Just skim through the previous posts here or sort by according to hot.
Please ask in the daily thread.
Jump. You cant be grabbed when you're in blockstun. Or like the other guy said, you press throw at hte same time if u think they;re going to throw u. There's a small window that allows for how late you react to throw attempts, so u dont have to precisely press throw the same time ur opponent does.
Ahhh good old The Star Online. They'd rather focus on whether MACC are being unprofessional rather than covering the damning evidence on Jibster and waifu. Can you imagine the level of detail The Star would go to had it been the gov? I remember pre-GE they were so free to make news and speculate based on a simple FB posting by Tony Pua.
Dont let this trick get to u especially at ATMs
Errr yeah, since u can't chip people to death with special moves anymore unless it's CA, which is also why it further weakens the zoners game.
Anyone here watches Jun's Kitchen on youtube?
Yes fuck the wife. I never watch the other channels coz it's all crap. Idk...i used to follow Kara and Nate they're like a traveling couple on YouTube. The guy Nate looks like a malnourished C. Ronaldo but he's bearable but the wife dear God she's such an annoying crone. Some women...
Rule 9
&gt; If they wanted to add playable characters to the roster, they could've chosen out of the many other characters that still didn't make it. But, why did they specifically chose those two This isnt rocket science dude. Would be surprised if there'd be more characters
Please ask in the daily thread
Small talks go to the daily thread
Yeah. I'm so sorry I saw it last. Some other guy already posted again with link
You just started of course everyone will seem like a smurf to you. Most of the players who seemed smurfy to you probably have some form of playing time beforehand. They may be proficient in executing combos but that doesnt mean they're still doing shitloads of unsafe things which u should be focusing on punishing. That said, play ranked more often. Smurfs tend to stay at casuals since winning games wont rank them up.
You're looking at the wrong level. That level doesnt mean jack. LP is the true measure of skill level.
Sorry, but this goes to the daily thread.
Don't assume anything you don't know
There WILL be smurfs, but usually they hang around casuals. Keep playing ranked. Losing to one Smurf is nothing.
I agree with most people here.....try to find a job first to fill up the time. Perhaps somewhere down the line something might click?
Lol. can't help it....some people have social issues. Its good that the guy here admits it. I think it was ChunLi Forever,
If a game can make u angry then its not the game for you. Try playing Heroin Hero or something.
its never too late. Graduating at 23/24 is not uncommon. May not necessarily be a year, maybe get a job for 6 months or something
Goes to the daily thread
You never catch the dragon DAD!
Have u been living under a rock or just having tunnel vision? We generally dislike Rafizi because he talks a lot.
Please ask in the daily thread
You've been warned before. Strike three.
Great work. Though I must disagree/clarify with some points on Nash as someone who uses him. He's not a mix up character until he gets VT. And to clarify, he does not have an *invincible* reversal. VT2 is not just a combo extender. It's a really good mix up VT if u know how to use it. He has lots of ambiguous left right setups and even functions as a throw bait overhead that further extends his damage output.
Damn you! A towel!
Yes
What does deadlocked mean?
Uh huh, and if?
Yeah. It's rule 7 under low effort posts. Please give it a read. We have a reason to limit them on Mondays only.
Please ask in the daily thread
Agreed. At least an overview of what their v skill and v trigger does is crucial for character introduction.
Small talks go to the daily thread
Then all his old combos work. Have u actually tried it yourself
Wow the original four horseman
*meow
Use proper title
Who says you can punish a -2 move? Outside of certain CAs, you only get your turn back.
Please ask in the daily thread
Please ask in the daily thread
Probably that's why there's only one taunt in SFV. there was like 10 is SF4 per character?
You have one job
Sorry but just because it's involving a Malaysian outside of the country doesn't make it anymore suitable for this sub
Lol good luck with that
You get matched with people one league below and above you, not rank. You get more league points from beating someone a league higher than you. You gain less from someone a league below you coz they're weaker. This let's to play against a pool of players that are roughly within your skill bracket. Why limit yourself to just people of your skill? It's better to test yourself against someone a league above you. Wait till you get to (if you ever) diamond where can get matched with players up to Warlord.
It'll be cool tho...don't see why they can't add him as a "New Challenger" opponent like they did with G.
Even by meme Monday standards this is low effort. At least share the article.
Removed since post is not in malay or English
Please ask in the daily thread
I'd RQ
Doing this will only make it worse for PH and they'll be labeled 2x5 since BN also done the same.
Please ask in the daily thread
Not really a fan of amusement parks lol
Play with whatevers comfortable for u. Been playing with KB since the dawn of time.
Please ask in the daily thread
Why does the thumbnail look like the love child of Jamal Yunos and that lobak guy.
I'm in my early 30s but I'd never not giggle at number plates that start with VAG, WTF, CCB, MCB etc
OP gave the CFN ID which is more than enough. all we need to do is just watch his latest games. Uploading onto YouTube is troublesome enough
When is the best time to wake up jab and hopefully score a counterhit?
I think Gill is good. He doesn't have any reliable way to get in so he's forced to properly space his normals and fireball his way in.
Underrated comment. Who would've thought?
I think he's being sarcastic
You obviously don't sarawak
Yeah that's why. It's a sarawak thing.
Please ask in the daily thread
It's ok. Usually these guys will self eliminate themselves
Please ask in the daily thread
/u/limaumo is correct honestly. It's all about your diet, 99.999% of the time. You have to reduce one part of your diet then track your weights weekly. Cardio and weights are only supplementary. But I'd recommend weights more than cardio because it ensures you're keeping them muscles so you get a more "toned" look and only lose body fat.
What the hell is her flip
Have u heard her theme? Geezus
This is what happens when people just sit and home and get their news from FB, Instagram, Twitter, and God forbid, Reddit at times instead of going out.
We dont need two links. You can add this to your earlier post/.
Please ask in the daily thread
You can ask in the daily thread or the post that was made about this earlier.
Sounds more like a "meet Juri" rather than a suitable theme when fighting her imo
Honda looks like Billy from predator
This is poor advice
Read up the faq /r/gainit. I was 50kg before but gained 20kg from eating more than I usually do and working out.
I honestly DO NOT recommend drinking a lot of milk unless you can tolerate them. At most try maximum 2 glasses per day, i.e. 250ml per glass. Otherwise, every other suggestion is spot on. Make sure to also properly space your meal times so u don't get bloated by the previous...i.e. Don't eat breakfast too close to lunch or tea time close to dinner etc.
I've only played 4 and 5, and its inevitable that everyone will switch to the latest iteration as soon as it is out. However, in terms of design of the UI, announcers, health bars etc, 4 definitely takes the cake.. The skill required to play 4 is also higher than 5, but that's not to say I'm enjoying both. I'd say 4 still slightly takes the cake.
Sorry this goes to the daily thread
Please ask in the daily thread
There's a proper way to gain weight, and then there's the "unhealthy" way. You can basically gain weight by high calorie foods like fast food, olive oil etc but hey are not nutrionally balanced and you are more likely to end up sick which further hinders progress. The "healthy" way is to eat a balanced meals and frequent snacking and supplementing it with some form of weight training so you dont end up being fat. Also, saying men can gain weight just by walking into the gym is just gross generalization.
Please ask in the daily thread or use the search function. This question gets asked so often
Correct. I don't see how it's only unique to Malaysia. Hell, several countries banned The Prince of Egypt
Please ask in the daily thread
If it's so easy to figure out then what's the point of even training. Might as well reduce the age Gap to infants. Daigo sometimes switches into a yolo in your face style at times to catch his opponent off guard.
When something is top tier it means it's extremely good. What are you on about
That's why they gave him VS2. Use it more against zoners.
Who gives a fuck seriously
No she isn't. Ono may have said that, but several cues in the game gave hints that suggest otherwise. Just look at the gender on the screen in M. Bisons stage when Poison gets knocked there. Also check out Decapre's win quote against her in USF4.
Please ask in the daily thread
I loved the pianist. Not depressing, but lots of drama. I think Schindler's is a lot more depressing, but the black and white really put me off.
Yes the part where it draws the opponent close without install was never shown. Wonder if it's +/- on block .... In SF4 i believe it was + most of the time that they had to nerf it so it was uncancellable except if ex .
What about Kuntz
Ronaldinho lobs Seaman from 40 yards
Please use original article title
He was probably going for a overhead and you have to block high
Please use proper title.
then u werent blocking, or pressing buttons when u shouldnt. Go watch your replays and see what are your inputs registered during that sequence.
Haha...then its probably ur controller man. I think the best thing u could do is make ur character walk back and forth. If he stops halfway then its kinda obvious.
Wow you're sad.
This goes to the daily thread
Errr, duh?
Please ask in the daily thread.
Removed for low effort. Poor quality picture, not even mentioning location.
Not meme Monday
Usually we limit memes to Mondays. So fire away then!
You jump too much that's one. Two, you're very impatient. This Urien is very button happy. Try to be patient and not press buttons all the time when within poking range. You're getting hit by random combos often. Don't just jab him. Mix in jabs with walk up throw. Use your v skill. You get one hit armor and at most you are -2 OB. practice your anti air. For now maybe you can use cr.HP but try to gradually shift to SRK because Kage gets Oki after that and practice your meatys.
If you think Urien is being oppressive, do not be afraid to throw in ex-SRK once in a while so he'll respect your options. Also, practice your best crush counter or counter hit combo and stick with it. This is punish players who like to throw out invincible moves. In your videos case, that would be Urien's ex-head butt. It has a long recovery time so make sure you punish it hard and not let him getaway with it.
Another thing to note about footsies is that it only exists because both players are equally adept at punishing predictable jump ins, checking dashes and unsafe moves, which is why you tend to see a lot more footsies at higher levels of play. No player is obligated to play footsies with you. If I know you have trouble anti airing or punishing a spammable move, why would I stop doing it? Dick move yes, but that's the same with every other game.
Cancelling into a special move must be done during the active frames of a move. Let's take Ryu for example. His crouching medium kick is cancelable into fireball. So what you would do, is to first hit cr.mk. As soon as you see the leg connects, immediately go to fireball motion, i.e. D,DF,F+P. Do it in one fluid motion and you should see his fireball coming out. That's called cancelling. But be aware, Ryu isn't safe if he cancels a fireball up close unless it's EX. Another example would be Nash. Nash has a st.HP that's special cancelable. What you would do is press HP and as soon as the hit connects you go to the motion for any of his specials and it should come out. That's the basic gist of cancelling.
Please ask in the daily thread
Use the daily thread for discussions that aren't directly related to Malaysia
Please ask in the daily thread
In Greek it's correct.
Yeah, work on your timing
Please ask in the daily thread.
Please ask in the daily thread.
Please post in the daily thread.
Be careful what you wish for man.
Nah he needs Resurrection
You need to share a replay or your CFN ID so we can tell you what to improve on. Watching pros is good but there are so many advanced things they are doing that may not yet be applicable when you're just starting out.
Trust me we would do it lol
It's calories in calories out. Doesn't matter what time of day you eat. The more you eat than your body requires, you will gain weight. If you're not lifting weights, it'll all turn to fat no matter what. Why do people keep saying avoid eating at night to not gain weight? Ask yourself, what do people snack on late at night? Definitely not a bowl of healthy salad. Even in Malaysia, what do people eat at night? Maggie goreng, teh tarik etc.. All those are packed with calories.
Please don't just post without checking for similar posts https://www.reddit.com/r/malaysia/comments/ercd1k/federal_court_allows_woman_leave_to_appeal_in_bid
Please ask in the daily thread
Mende?
Please use original article title
Please ask in the daily thread
Not meme Monday
Please ask in the daily thread
Motorcycle tolls are next to the main toll no? Better safer at a semi-manned gate
Kinda true, and it's only an issue as long as it's not your country
Did you even bother to check the FAQ section
Hi, if you have simple musings or random questions you are free to ask in the daily discussion thread that's pinned in this sub daily.
Please use original article title
Please ask in the daily thread
Because it's boring
Rant till your hearts content
We do not allow doxxing. This is Reddit wide rules. Please don't repeat It again.
Goddamn onion ninjas again. :`)
This is where match up knowledge is important. Long range moves are very punishable at close range, so walk and block and you make your way closer so theyre forced to use other means. If you're having trouble with certain moves, the easiest is to go to Capcom's frame data page and see what can be punished. Honda loses his turn with every blocked headbutt unless it's very specially spaced but it's rare. So stick out your best poke to challenge him and once he realized to stop pressing buttons u surprise him with dashes, jumps etc. If Vega is flying all over you, go to training mode and record the same thing Vega did and figure out your characters best jumping button to counter it. Nearly all characters have some way to jump and hit him out of the air on reaction. Training mode is there for a reason. Use it.
Are u familiar with what is punishable and whats not? This comes down to frame data. Honda is negative frame advantage whenever his headbutt is blocked. It means that whatever fast normal you press will always hit any normal he tries to do with the same startup (unless he specifically spaces it, but this is rare especially at low levels). This is because u recovered faster thats why he's at a frame disadvantage while you're at an advantage. Go to training mode and switch one frame data. Record the dummy to do any normal move like close up mp or something, and watch the numbers at the top left/right. If it's positive on your side, it means that move is unsafe and/or the opponent loses their turn. If its negative, its the opposite, and this is why its best to block and wait. I suggest you search this sub for frame data discussions and give it a read.
It's also The Star, probably the last paper you wanna read for opinions.
Curiously tho...is Penang the only state that has been run by a predominantly chinese party? i.e. Gerakan and DAP?
It's still situational especially if the CA lingers and covers quite a bit of area like Urien's or Akuma's.
I'll give you an example as a Nash player. If Vega tries doing his Barcelona, as soon as i see him mount the wall, i start jumping, front or back, and push mp. It has an upward hitbox and a lot of active frames so if Vega tries to flip close to me he'll get hit, unless he does ex flip which has a bit more invincibility.
Just because you're good at other fighting games doesn't mean it'll translate well into others. Read the sidebar or use the search function. . Fun fact - this question gets asked nearly everyday in the sub.
&gt;how do you guys find time. You don't. You make time for it. Prioritize. You can't do everything in life. I played less football/futsal after deciding to go more often to the gym to buff up. Never regretted it.
"spamming fireballs"
This is more to self help than unique to Malaysia. You are free to post it on The daily discussion thread that's pinned daily.
I have so many questions
One involves a small amount of money. The other involves a long trail with several outsources, benefactors, document trails etc etc and above all shit loads of money in separate parts. You can't fix all that in a months.
Stupid is the wrong word. He's definitely cunning.
We don't need another article on the same news
Please ask in the daily thread
&gt;big 2
Visit letaroom,iproperty, ibilik, Google etc
Please ask in the daily thread
Sorry but this isn't uniquely Malaysian
Hehehheeh big D. Alright I'll stop.
It's ok bro. We've all been there. Everyone's given useful advice.
Not meme Monday
You can greet in the daily thread.
They can't just convert it directly otherwise they'll be out of business
Back dash, invincible move, mash jab.
Maybe after his term ends.... Like he said to her.
No context, no approve.
Removed for multiple sources
We don't need multiple articles telling us the what we already know.
Sorry, what I meant is that we have multiple posts from different source articles of the same news without anything new.
Don't be paranoid. From what I've read they have to be sent to sg buloh because they have the facilities there to deal with such cases. Obviously they'll be transported into a quarantined manner. Don't let one small issue bother you with your plans. This is the exact same thing with people spreading rumors about riots and to stock up food and shit. Just observe personal hygiene.
9th place finish isn't bad for a newly released character
Don't share anything unrelated to this sub
Please ask in the daily thread
Irresponsible posting without verification will get you a ban. Consider this your only warning
Please ask in the daily thread
Not meme Monday
But, sir...
Please use original article title as per rule 3.
Please ask in the daily thread
Why do I feel like any message with emojis on it, be it an emotional post or eulogy, kinda makes it seem like they were not being serious? 😬🧐
A tank of idea balls and manatees
It's on YouTube buddy.
Next time please be reminded that we have Meme Mondays for memes.
But u didn't oversleep past starting working hours?
Donutes have measures in place to prevent this. I think they actually blocked all the power outlets so people won't camp there with laptops, and once in a while the servers will go around and chase people away who've already finished their drinks.
Same. I grew up speaking Cantonese up until I started grade school, and since everyone there spoke English I gradually lost it.
Well it depends. Are u paying rent, bills? What is your age? What are you working as? Are you having to support your parent or siblings etc
Report la. Take picture for what.
Gained too much traction d... It'll be a shame/waste of good content.
Like making tons of money from YouTube views. Even people in Instagram do that by posting controversial things.
Please ask in the daily thread
Checkout impulse gaming.
i'd like to have the "best of the best" how to get rich quick tutorial or methodology but we all know that's virtually non-existent short of scammers. everything is by youtube and then slowly gaining muscle memory and experience. You're not going to learn this in a couple of days, could take u a month or two to get it down.
Why would you want to have a secondary main?
I won't believe it until someone who can understand Mandarin translates it.
Please don't share anything unrelated to this sub
Please ask in the daily thread
You played more like a seasoned player
I have asked a few of my friends in Christianity....apparently some followers different branches also think the same of each other; like, RCs would say Protestantism is not the true one la yadda2...lel.
Let me rephrase that for you in laymen terms then. The game is nearly 12 years old. There are only a handful of players left and most of them are very darn good at the game that it becomes a pretty shit place if you're planning to work your way up. With a small player base with good players, you get less people around your skill level willing to practice with you.
By playing it when it's still hot and has a large player base of same skill level as you so you both learn from each other one step at a time. Unfortunately for you, that ship has sailed 12 years ago. So get in with the times or suck it up and keep getting thrashed until you get that eureka moment.
Please ask in the daily thread
Fuck cilisos. Everyone should avoid sites with stupid formatting like these.
Daigo has already done it before.
Blacklist and move on. Easy.
Don't worry about it. You'll definitely run into some smurfs up until Platinum. But just remember that they get lesser and lesser and they only hang around in casuals. Just keep playing and ignore them brother.
Search this sub for Alex help. Gets asked tonnes of times.
That's the point of the game. If it works it works. Until you hit a rut, revisit and restrategize
Got Metro Exodus Gold Edition with 45% off at RM120 during a brief steam sale. As a fan of the STALKER series, so far enjoying the wasteland environment. But I miss the awesome soundtrack of FAR CRY 5.
We already have enough posts on this
Please ask in our daily discussion thread
Rule 7
General questions go to the daily thread
Which state/City are you in? Been to Gatlinburg, Tennessee for Work and Travel Program 11 years ago.
Don't expect anything more than 10%. Always has been and always will be unless you find a very desperate seller and those are one in a thousand.
This isn't a place to spam your YouTube account.
Please ask in the daily thread
This isn't uncommon tho.
Something needs to be done before accidents happen while DUI, be it alcohol or drugs. I always wondered.... Would showing them gruesome images from fatal accidents help?
I think so. Saw a huge line few days ago
1. You aren't poking enough with Seth. Try cr.mk. That's why Mika can advance on you. 2. You didn't jump and surprise her with f+hk or crossup. Test Mika's anti air competency. Mix it up with air legs. Don't abuse but its always good to mix up your approach. Nobody owes anyone footsies. 3. You aren't using Seth's 3f to challenge especially in defense. 4. Neutral jump if you want to catch Mika's dive kick. 5. Stop cr.HP. 6. Learn to maximize punishes outside of VT1. Go to the lab. A lot of sweeeps and butt slams went unpunished. It seems like you weren't sure how to follow up after every combo ender. It's a knockdown and your best chance to pressure since she does not have a full invincibility move.
Whats your point?
3f means a 3 frame move, the fastest light normal in the game. I think it's his cr.lp. You can use it to harass your opponent for tick throws or sparingly use it on wake up to try to catch them off guard if their meaty timing is bad. I would say use mad cradle as an anti air. Not a Seth main but I'm not sure which strength has more invincibility at start up. St.hk takes some time to start up that's why you're trading sometimes. Keep up the good work tho.
Hmmm...it all comes to experience and frame data my friend. The game cant be cut and dry otherwise it would be too easy. There are many moves that have + frames on block, but a lot of them also have pushback. In most cases they would have to micro walk up to you before continuing pressure. Which is why you have to take calculated risks and analyze your opponents tendencies which is what makes the game interesting.
The problem isn't with the characters that you choose. The problem is that you don't grasp the fundamentals of the game and probably to a little certain extent individual characters if you're new. Don't simply press buttons if you don't have a purpose for it. Block more. Use v reversal to escape corners or pressure. If you have an invincible move like Ryu's ex-DP, use it, but sparingly. At your level you need to at least know what is punishable what what isn't, and they are usually blocked or whiffed special moves. Some normals are very punishable on block such as sweeps. Go to training mode and turn on frame data to see what is punishable and what's not. And when you get the chance to punish, make sure you do it with your most effective combo. At least practice one of each combo starting with light, medium and crush counter buttons. The more effectively you punish your opponents, the less likely they are going to do the same thing over and over. Think about it.. If I know you couldn't punish me spamming dragon punch or SPD why would I stop? Easy win for me. On that same topic, grabs can ALWAYS be jumped, no matter how meaty it is. The only exception are Akuma's and Gief's CA. Another thing you have to learn is anti airing and blocking cross ups. Find the best normal to deal with them and practice. Next learn to pressure your opponent. Throw fireballs and walk behind them. Throw out a poke so that they don't dash in. Jump occasionally to test their anti airs. If you get a knockdown, quickly approach them and do a meaty. Or if you're expecting a wake up DP, block and punish. The next time they get knocked down, throw them etc. The idea is always be unpredictable but always observe your opponents tendencies. I always like to start the game by just blocking from distance and see what opponent does then play accordingly.
Would be cool if you can use the tier list chart format.
We need Azam as Genie
Well people have different ways to vent. I hope you feel better and give it another go.
Sorry, wait for official post. Screenshots doesn't say anything.
I think the closest would those guys who literally look like clouds and on barrels of juice.
YouTube it you lazy bum
Here's a shorter version - Block and punish and they'll stop doing it. I lost count the number of times you didn't punish blocked sweeps, blocked ressenhas and obvious jump ins.
You are also missing my point. None of those exhibited by Karin are even 50/50s. You are in that situation only because you do not find the easy solution and instead try to over-analyze things. This in itself is the biggest problem with beginners. They don't bother to practice the fundamentals and i.e. punishes, blocking, knowing not to simply press buttons and instead jump into the game thinking you are owed footsies when you are not.
My boss places her trust on us to get up and work as per the stipulated time. But I myself being someone who's shit at being WFH have a hard time getting up at 9am on most days so sometimes I'd wake at 10, check some emails then continue snoozing until lunch. Other departments in my company had mandatory conferences at 9am to ensure everyone is awake and if you don't respond they'll demand an explanation. So I guess it has its pros and cons.
Please ask in the daily thread. And don't misuse the flair.
Hmm but what are the chances that the touristy places are open? Or the famous warungs/kopitiams?
OP, this is the mentality you need. And for the most part, silvers and bronzes aren't much different from each other just that one does things more consistently than the other which means train more.
Dude trust me, take the advice people give here. For the most part, going from rookie to Platinum is just refining your basics. That's how you learn by being consistent. And like he said, silver/bronzes are really not much different. Wait till you get to Diamond and get matched against Warlords and UGMs.
Please ask in the daily thread.
That's the spirit
Sorry this isn't a place to solicit services
Please don't tell me you are this naive
We don't memorize everything, just the main ones, for example, characters that have heavies that are +3 on block such as Balrog's st.hk, Akuma's cr.hp, Nash's cr.hp etc since most heavies are -ve on block. The rest are very universal - lights and mediums are nearly always +ve on block, fireballs are all -ve save for ex and Guile's SB, long range pokes are unsafe point blank but can be baited with a buffer at range, blocked sweeps are always punishable etc. The key here is just knowing the exceptions and the ones that trouble you the most.
It's called cancel man. Look it up. Haha.
As the late Maury Ballstein says in Zoolander, what happens when you fall off a horse? You get right back up.
I wanted to...but then langkah Sheraton happened. I don;t think PH will ever win again, not in my lifetime.
Please ask in the daily thread
No context no post
It's because of our food and how often we have 5-6 meals a day plus lots and lots of cars. And im not talking small 5-6 meals a day. I'm talking about people having full fledged breakfast, lunch and dinner, and have lots of kuih, sugary drinks and junk food in between and still have the time for some Maggi goreng or whatever calorie dense mamak food at night. Easily over 2500kcal per day and that's enough to bring your weight to 70kg+. And with the average height of malaysians &lt; 170cm, that makes you borderline overweight according to the BMI scale... and yes I'm aware that there are some people saying the BMI is inaccurate, but it's only inaccurate if you are actively building muscles in the gym, or are an athlete, of which in this case, a majority of the population aren't. So it's still a pretty good baseline.
Commentators say a lot of things just to get views really.
Are you lost
You got your first win with her after 10 tries. Now polish that and get better with her. If you like her, why stop playing her? We all have to start from somewhere.
I usually take my mind of SFV when I'm having a bad run. Im on a Metro Exodus and Redux run now.
How original and not even checking for repost.
How the hell would we know
FADC is a very important concept of the game. Anyone who's played it at a competent level at least knows what it is..... unless you guys are just playing randomly.
Please ask in the daily thread.
How much for the nasi l'marque?
How pompous can this ogre be...
That's a pretty bad* mentality. Nobody owes you a proper game. Do whatever it takes to win. If my opponent can't anti air me I'll abuse it for an easy win. That's called playing to your opponents weaknesses and capitalizing on it.
WDo u know that even in high level play if you have the life lead u just sit there and run the clock down and let them come to u? It's a legit strategy. Wait till you come up against a good Zangief. Imagine this, you're playing a soccer game... The defender to the left is the weak point. As team manager, wouldn't you exploit this players weakness, or would you rather, hey let's attack on the right coz you know, so everyone gets equal playing time.. It's team fun for everyone!
Rule 7
I remember him being a temporary PR officer for Najib, telling Mahathir to zip it. Not more than a month later, suddenly he quit his post as PR officer, immediately started jilat Dr. M. I know businessmen will jilat whoever but this is what makes him a scoundrel and always will in my eyes.
Exodus itself around 24-36 hours with complete exploration. Sam's Story maybe 16 hours. Two Colonels 2-3 hours.
I think even in SF4 where things are a lot more fast paced, even a casual player can be entertaining to watch. Case in question, Gandhi vs FSP.
As a Diamond, yes I can feel u...you can only grind so much until you start facing off against the regions best online.
Dude posted his CFN below.
I'll have a looksie after work. Don't worry dude. Normal to get frustrated, just remember to be willing to learn that's all we ask.
What;s your point OP?
Rule 7
Please ask in the daily thread
Because a lot of things in SF4 were not as cut and dry in SFV... There were very few instances where taking your turn is clear cut. Chip kills from specials are a thing which makes things even more clutch, focus attacks can make more lots of silly situations.....
Quite impossible. Since when are meme's IP?
Rule 7
Btw... Mind if I ask...I dont have Blanka in SFV but I keep getting hit by his upwards Blanka ball. Is it plus on block? The one where he travels in a upwards arc trajectory.
Small talks go to the daily thread
What league are you? To tell you the truth, these characters may seem cheesy for someone new such as yourself. They really aren't after you get match up experience. However, the characters you mentioned do have certain edges over other characters but they are by no means easy to execute. Example, Balrog can pop his VT1 and end you if you guess wrong. But luckily his overhead is punishable if it gets block. He also doesn't have any invincible reversal. Now compare that to Guile. Guile is not cheesy by any means but he has an invincible flash kick and he can spam v skills if new players don't know how to deal with it, or his upside down kick which is safe on block and catches people trying to throw tech.
I always wondered... was the victim targeted from the start or it just so happened that he was at the wrong place at the wrong time?
Nope
Not related to this sub
Not related to this sub unfortunately no matter if it's the language.
I think CE edition u get everyone
People forget the point, that no matter how predictable or straightforward it is, its *when* he actually does it that's important. The moment he shifts he's already a yard ahead with a clear strike on goal. As Bruce Lee once said, that he fears not a man who has practiced a 1000 kicks once but a man that has practiced a kick a 1000 times.
At that rank it doesn't matter which character you play that will improve your fundamentals. I'd stick to someone you're comfortable with. Once you reach diamond/s.Diamond then character strength becomes apparent.
Again, at your rank it may not seem so because not many are familiar with Alex matchup. This shouldn't be any issue for you to quickly rank up to face more tougher opponents to improve yourself.
Rule 5.
Small talks go to the daily thread
Please share actual article instead of image macros like these.
Please ask in the daily thread
No.... That's what marketing does to you. That's why I've stopped cereals, "boxed" juices and other simple sugary stuff. But that doesn't mean I don't enjoy the occasional chocolate treat..
Nowadays there are so many legit resources on the internet to read up on interview etiquette. I remember back in my early days without reddit in 2009, i would read up articles on jobstreet and google on the tatacara/susila of interviews, what to ask, what to research on, what not to say etc.... Sorry but not sorry I don't regret sounding harsh to u when you need to ask how to behave in an interview...... Tell u what. Put yourself in the interviewers shoes. You want to hire a person for a position. What do you expect the candidate to be like? Not up for the job? Just trying for fun? Not knowing what they signed up for? What happens if they underperform? Are you going to be responsible for their productivity? What happens if they just bail out all of a sudden?
Everyone in the world knows it's bad. Why make it public? Just saying.
Unfortunately it's not only in Malaysia but the same everywhere else. There are only a handful of people who read labels and these are the people who are actually very active in fitness. I also blame aggressive marketing and the xpa attitude of malaysians until they get into a life threatening experience.
Sugar is very addictive. It's a fact. My friend ordered unsweetened milk tea once in a boba tea shop. The servers gave her a weird ass look. When I told my friend I always drink my coffee without sugar, he also gave me a weird ass look.
Please ask in the daily discussion thread
There's one person in this sub that likes to share links from WOB. Maybe you can share this to them next time lol.
Share actual article. Not just a screenshot.
Why not? They are professionals.
No la...I don't have any evidence. Plus that'd be unmodlike of me.
No self promotion.
read side bar
Sorry repost.
You created a new account just to defend clickbaiting tabloid sites? How low can you get.
Please ask in the daily discussion thread
Get a backpack, add weights in it. I have dumbbells with adjustable weight plates so i take them and put them in my backpack then proceed to do push ups with it. You can do the same with it for weighed push ups. As always, dont try it until you can do 20 push ups with good form lol. But trust me you'lkl be surprised what your body is capable of if you just try,
This is just sad and pathetic.
Small talks go to the daily thread
Switching accounts so soon?
Bitch, u didn't finish your spaghetti and Moe balls!
You'd be surprised....people that are dumb enough to get banned aren't the smartest bunch and almost always easily detected in their throwaways.
Sad to say nowadays it's not just a tabloid site thing. More and more news articles are encouraging clickbaiting to get more clicks/views.
Just make sure we do it impartially. I have seen posts that get lots of upvotes eventho the account was a day old, just because its going with the flow of the supposedly anti-gov narrative of this sub....
I can't name any that's why he's consistently bottom tier.
21-22-23-24-25..... 21-22-23-24-25.....
My Mom herself is especially super stereotypical about Malays being lazy and shit. I work in engineering and I can say that the Malays I have worked with are one of the most hardworking people. Of course there'll be one or two bad eggs but they are honest folk.
Learn to block low.
Yeah hence why I'm limiting them. You can share the rest of it in this post.
Yeah that's true.... Looks at Abigail. Personally you know which I hate more? Crouching pokes into a confirmable combo that's safe...I.e..Kage.
He's stopped now tho... Moving more towards news articles but not tabloids lol.
Rule 7
A long one
Eh, as much as I dislike tabloid sites, they very much have the right to defend themselves should they feel something is not correct. Even then, the person who accused them would have to respond. Saying that we don't care what happens behind the scenes just sets a bad precedent to our community that we'll just witch hunt regardless of innocence.
Please ask in the daily thread
Sorry dude, you need to post some context. This is already a month old post.
Sorry, it's still unrelated. Please post in the daily discussion thread.
Lol. Pretty much. Rags to riches stories nowadays are like one in a million. The rest of the time is some rich family keep giving to kids $$ until they find the winning formula. In other words, the rich keep getting richer.
Any company that tries to decorate themselves with pool tables, video games and shit should be avoided at all costs.
Rule 9. Reported.
I definitely do not find her appealing at all. I would imagine the others have some sort of weird ass feet fetish.
Small talks go to the daily thread
I agree... But in most cases a good Abigail would nitro off a normal where he's up close.
Now no more WOB you really want to go down the path of RakyatPost?
&gt; space stun what that
What's the best way to deal with Guile's upside down kick? It seems that you'd have to commit to either a button or tech the throw... I suppose it's really the same case of a shimmy?
Rule 7
If you have the $$, why not. If no, there's no reason why you couldn't go to a local private uni.
JPA isn't the only scholarship tho. You can try searching for others. Some medical unis offer scholarship as well.
Please ask in the daily thread
I want to believe it's intentional
Where's my dentures? Where's my dentures?
Please ask in the daily discussion thread.
Don't mind OP. He posts lots of garbage. Just look at his post history.
Yup, repost.
Rule 5
I think it's so bad that LuqmanPodolski parodied the fuck out of it. One of his funniest sketches.
I would say that up to Diamond is basically you refining your fundamentals and learning match ups. Once you get matched with the higher ups you'll really see players start messing with your head and completely out-everything you.
GreenManGaming had SquareEnix sales last week. Got Deus Ex: Mankind Divided Digital Deluxe for only RM30. So far liking the cyberpunk lyfe.
Please ask in the daily discussion thread
All the best dude. Always nice to have a redditor cop with stories lol.
The most important thing I would say is to be sure with your management on the limitations of what can or can not be touched, i.e. the wiring diagram, any walls that can't be hacked, pipe routing etc. Saves you, the contractor, the management and everyone else's time for not fucking up the entire building.
Please ask in the daily thread next time for simple questions
Please share actual news link as title
Please ask in the daily thread
Please ask in the daily thread
It's pinned. And please read the rules
Errr no... He wasn't even trying.
Yes there is no reason not to go full aggro if you smell blood. Of course what the guy meant was that it's harder finding an opening for someone like Honda because of his tools.
Please ask in the daily thread for general questions
Rule 7
Cross up sweep.
Please post in the daily discussion thread
No special techniques. People are just that gullible. Just because a person is a doctor/engineer whatever doesn't mean they cannot be scammed.
Rule 5
Yeah when you're new that happens
New account. Something fishy.
Dude, Im not defending them, but it doesn't matter if an apology is scripted or not. You script it so u wont urm uhm err bla bla bla stutter in the middle. So its more concise, clearer and straight to the point. All I can say is they probably didn't rehearse that's why it looked awkward and insincere. Same as speeches by any politician. Many of them are scripted and proof read. Does that make them any insincere, whether if it's a political party you support or don't support?
Forbidden shoryuken
Hi. There are plenty of resources online. I'd suggest you do your own due diligence first before asking here.
That comment about Pogba by Souness tho...A material.
Yeah, practice or YouTube it.
This question gets asked a lot. Use the search function in this sub and search for the word migrate or migration or all it's derivatives.
Yes it's very common and people share it here often hence this post isn't unique and removed.
Please ask in the daily thread for general questions
Please ask in the daily thread
This was all over in the news. Please use the search function in this sub as it was already discussed previously. Alternatively, please ask in the daily discussion thread.
Are you his personal social media executive? All your posts are nothing but his videos.
White Castle man.
Sure
Tldr
Sorry OP, looks like there's other posts as well and not just this. Either you provide proper context or this could be misleading
No wonder Malaysians gemuk sial
Not Smurfs. You're just bad at the game. So learn to block.
Please ask in the daily thread
Not related to this sub
It's SEA.
How are they condescending? Care to elaborate?
Please ask in the daily discussion thread
What's so condescending about it when people still take drugs and don't act appropriately regardless? Example, crowding the train exits/entrance?
Cool. I think it's a command grab in SF4, ultra 2.
Haha..we're just a less vulgar version of lowyat forum.
Small talks go to the daily thread
It's normal, but I don't usually encounter each of them... Only E.
There's only one user here I know that's self admitted after we noticed his/her tendencies. So far I've seen a few from FB coming over tho.
I think he meant Guiles that bait you to jump with empty v skill.
Are u really that insecure
Having characters behind paywall is still a nuisance tho. I have vanilla SF4 and need not buy a new company but you get free updates and every character at your disposal
Please ask in the daily thread
Not only on FB. Instagram as well... Especially the ladies. From selling cosmetics to health products to clothing....
Rule 7
Please get a grip with reality.
Move it ya pog, or I'll blast your rear end!
This is already shared few days ago
