Juiced him
Oof right? I'm always glad if they're glad but these are some of the worst jersey fouls I've ever seen.
Lol right? It's been at least 10 days since any fire RC post. What has this dude been looking at?
Lol so true. Most of that list just qualifies as ex-players not legends.
Is it the off-season already?
It's definitely you. And no, don't say "I doubt it". It's 100% you.
Whitney WHO?
But it's the correct one. Already been posted here and you're too lazy to look.
Lol shut up, stop being lazy and use the search bar
Exactly. And the dev's have specifically stated multiple times "what you see on your screen isn't what always happens when it comes to plays at bases."
I would have loved to see Scioscia catch for Ohtani.
That bullpen is yikes aside from Venters and Vazquez
No it's not.
Good call. With 90k you could could grab Goose, TA Britton and TA Fingers and still have a good chunk left over. Then I'd pick Hoffman with your next pick for the XP reward path.
You mean you didn't laugh out loud the first 200 times this has been posted before?
If they're just released you sell them immediately since that's the highest they'll be.
It's the Dodger fan in you just being biased. Like, REALLY biased.
Harper and Jansen are both pretty shitty. Go with Yelich.
He'll be fine there. Used him there for a long time.
You already made a post about this an hour ago and users told you what to do. Why make another one?
When the 4th inning program drops.
Why
LOLZ STUPID POST
Absolutely genius
What are you talking about? He's been off the IL since May 8th...
Definitely not. Lightning will be Bell or Ryu
Wouldn't even be fun to use though. He'd be like a 50 overall. And yeah, like you said, the rights would be impossible.
Venters, TA Britton, TA/LS Vazquez and Chapman.
I doubt it. Not many people, if any, are going to buy a 100k+ card to just use in an event.
SS Bumgarner and SS Verlander are extremely overrated. Jansen and Hader are overrated too.
You're welcome.
There's no guess pitch in RS. And the only time there has ever been guess pitch in events was a few times last year.
Too bad he'd have like 30 vision
Yeah after the maintenance last night it's resetting icons, nameplates and then not giving anyone any XP.
You can but that only blocks them from messaging you, not you from playing them.
Just because they don't have a high RS record doesn't mean they can't have a good team. I guess you don't know what grinding or flipping is. Just love how mad idiots like you get.
He's awful in RF. Putting him in LF would make him even worse..
Not unusable at 1B...
Don't bitch about cost of tax if you brag in your post about how you have "an insane amount of stubs".
If you only have 208 stars for the 3rd inning program how did you already get Rickey? Unless you bought him only for you to be able to re-earn him when you hit 300 star which is...odd, considering you just admitted that your team needs a decent amount of help.
Except the TA has better velo, H/9 (even on a good IE day), break, clutch control and BB/9. And then add in the fact that when the season is over there isn't anymore IE so the TA is better.
This is a terrible take
I actually laughed out loud when I heard him say that haha
When you're in DD hit the touch pad to bring up the quick menu, then hit right on the d-pad, then press R1 to bring up the notifications tab
You have to buy all the players of the month for May as well as the Topps Now moment cards for May too to unlock him. The only thing you can earn through play for this is the player of the month pack you get after you finish the moments they release today and then the free Topps Moments packs you get from the vouchers you earn from the moments.
Today at 12PM PT
Not sure how close you are to being able to pick your 99 yet but I'd go Gwynn or Snider. And if you aren't that close, I'd get Yelich.
Damn so much for the 5PM time like the PS website said.
You're welcome!
No it ends on the 17th.
Both of them are better than Saberhagen and Sale. But if you can only get one, definitely get Hershiser
You're welcome
I'll get downvoted but yeah. I won't touch Reyes, Osuna or Chapman.
Out of 4 packs I got all silvers haha
I hope so. We need another lefty ASAP. Only having one right now seems dumb.
Did he start not wearing batting gloves after he came back from the IL? I could have sworn he always wore them before.
Probably a 20 pack full of commons lol
Haha right? This sub and our fans are so fucking salty over the dumbest shit all of the time. It's insane.
4 and one was off a lefty too. That and the Bell card are absolutely filthy.
Nope. Sorry man.
I went power and my CAP C has 86 fielding, 99 arm strength, 99 arm accuracy and 80 reaction. There won't be a defensive difference at all.
Blocking doesn't even matter in this game. Pudge lets shit by constantly. You could have 60 or 99 and it's all the same unfortunately.
Nah PSN is fine. It's the Show itself that's all fucked up right now.
Wrist tape is in the sleeve options
Works for me. I'm usually between 850-950 and it's more than manageable.
Vlad's defense is REALLY bad and he isn't as good as last year so I'd go Enos.
No, you don't need good defense in LF. You're RF needs good defense and a canon arm. Vlad is garbage on the defense and has cost a lot of people games because of it.
Severino isn't getting upgraded at all unless he starts unbelievable after he gets off the IL. I don't see Anderson or Mancini going gold either.
One of the only 2 LS pitchers that are so-so but I wouldn't use him lol
Not really anyone who can compare to Britton or Fingers for their exchange prices... Cueto and Robertson are terrible though.
Eh yeah but if you were going to hide a shitty fielder it's LF and only LF.
I wouldn't make my CAP a 3B but if I had to choose I'd for sure go B
PSA: Take off your tinfoil hat. It's not him it's the game.
I'd put Sutter in there ahead of Betances
The only two worth using IMO are Scherzer and deGrom. And even then that might be pushing it.
I'd guess it's pretty much a guarantee one of 3 will be an Indian so I'd say 99 Feller or 99 Vizquel. I REALLY hope one of them is 99 Wagner though. He was easily my favorite pitcher last year and he's one of my favorite players of all-time.
Lol Andrew Miller? He'd be the least deserving of all the SS's so far. No shot he gets one.
He's pretty easy to read unless you play at a certain time at certain stadiums. And with the amount of people that have his rookie RP card everyone has seen him.
I do, which is why I can see them giving him a PS card but not a full blown SS card.
&gt; Charles Beltran I don't remember him. Was he any good?
It doesn't work like that bud
Don't even mention his cutter. That thing gets destroyed every time it's thrown.
Yes. Used him there for like 50 games all the to WS and never made an error. He's still a silver defender there and has all the animations.
I'd take Mathews and Chipper before Arenado. Arenado has a shitty swing and he's definitely not worth his price tag.
Trout, Chipper, Duke and Frank.
What a terrible idea
Ego's man. Everyone has to act tougher than each other. It's hilariously stupid.
is terrible
&gt; asked for stubs as a finders fee Hahaha you really are a piece of shit. Wow
HUGE sad. The dropped 3rd strike shit bugs the hell out of me.
4 lefties in your pen? Woof
100%. You're lucky you're doing this now because equipment is incredibly cheap compared to a few months ago. I remember when the legendary call ritual (+8 CON and PWR) was 40k.
You just said the only people who can complete them are unemployed addicts. That's shitting bud.
He's coming. It's pretty much a guarantee that every immortal we saw last year will have a 99 SS.
Jacked as shit
He's pretty booty for me. My CAP is better.
Trout and Chipper for sure. Great choices.
No that would not be enough for him. I wouldn't take that if I were Cleveland.
He won't go back to diamond unless he doesn't allow a run for the rest of the season. And Albert isn't a good reward plus everyone knows he's getting a SS.
Could have told you that. All his pitches are pretty much the same. It's baffling how people have success with him. I get stoked whenever someone puts him, Jansen or Hader in against me.
Indubitably
2B and your whole rotation aside from Oswalt
Yes you can. And no they won't run out. The only cards that "run out" are the POTM cards until they get re-released later in the year if they do what they did last year.
You're welcome!
What level are you? You should definitely pick Kershaw with your first high diamond pick then I'd probably grab Kerry Wood as well. Then I'd probably grab HW Arrieta and then AS Dee Gordon. Or grab Prior instead of Arrieta and have stubs left over and then work from there. Either way, those are all improvements over what you currently have ATM IMO.
Yeah man you're welcome no problem
Did you steal fans?
Pretty much this. When they do take place they usually take up to 30 mins but like /u/Mietha said, who the hell knows anymore with SDS.
It never is unless you're planning on playing non-stop as soon as the 4th inning bosses are released and you want to capitalize on selling one of them ASAP. Plus we won't even know who they are until later.
Eh that's a toss up IMO. If you were dead set on doing it though I'd wait until after the stub sale and the market dies down a tad.
Well if they're going to base it off All-Star game MVP's the bosses would be Griffey Jr, Cal and Griffey Sr/Tony Perez.
Clearly the best card? You're blind bud.
That BB/9 and control though... fucking yikes
I'd 100% put Duke in over Henderson.
Should have already sold. Especially with the fact that the 4th inning program gives out April POTM packs you can almost bet the 5th inning program will give out the May POTM packs.
Were they ever that high? I had Woodruff and Devers and the highest they went was like 80k'ish. Dietrich is the only one that looks to be holding some value but that will probably continue dropping.
Woof yeah that sucks. I held my Woodruff too long as it was. I thought he or Dietrich would end up being the Yates or Glasnow of May and when I pulled him he was selling for 88k and I got off work the next day and checked and he was already down to 70k.
That control and BB/9. Plus I'm not a fan of his pitch selection.
I didn't have that much of an issue with it but I've seen a lot of people on here say to switch to directional and look for a pitch up and away.
Sell CC. He's pretty bleh and I've destroyed him 4 times this week alone haha. Scherzer too. You're good with Arrieta though, he's the real deal. What level are you? Obviously pick Kershaw and Ryan
[Here](https://i.redd.it/yfx2e9co57431.png) you go.
you're welcome
Kyle McGowin
Worked for me too
3rd inning voucher, new conquest, the Griffey moments, 10 BR/RS wins, all the 4th inning moments and then don't do anything but play all day and night.
Chocolate milk
He's terrible.. I'm guessing you play on mainly All-Star or play the CPU right?
Yours is 1000000% worse and it's not even close.
Sore loser attitude? Since when? Everyone was fucking up during that series when we got swept by the Sharks but that's not a reoccurring thing.
Oh shut the fuck up and quit crying. You act like no one on the Jackets has ever done anything sketchy. Get outta here.
Take this picture with a potato?
Miller hasn't been spotty, he's been absolutely awful. Career high in HR/9 and H/9 since becoming a reliever. I don't know what's wrong with him.
I'm not giving you any help with that joke of a CAP kid.
Not sure how those stats are trash..
lol no
I know moments aren't a good way to judge a player but he fucked my shit up in the 4th inning boss moment.
Cal.
Yes. You're getting June vouchers for the June moments since we're half way through June.. You obviously can't exchange them yet though.
Yeah they've done the same for the past 2 months and will probably do the same for the remaining. Hopefully that helps.
Arrieta, Orel, Kershaw or Ryan. Those guys you listsed are pretty bleh and even worse at WS level.
Yeah definitely pick up Arrieta or Orel. They're worth it and more.
He's my best pitcher aside from Kershaw. Then Orel, Ryan and whoever I throw in as my 5th. His sinker is absolutely filthy.
But they have sting rays
lol I was going to say no it's definitely not. Pretty easy.
I wouldn't. Both of them would out-produce just Rickey
They didn't. It was easy as shit. Take off your tinfoil hat.
Sale, Hader, Jansen and Kluber.
Awful idea. EASHL is different because you're always moving unless you're the goalie but even then you have opportunities to make a save or pass and what not. There'd be WAY too much down time of standing around doing absolutely nothing and too many people would quit. Also, you have to realize not everyone that plays is young and has multiple buddies with the game to even play with.
Hahaha wtf was Guillen being such a bitch about? Cirillo did absolutely nothing.
Huh? Grandal and Realmuto are not "so far above" Contreras what so ever unless you're strictly basing it on runs scored.
No, no they did not.
This was already discovered about 2 months ago and it's called "Pesky's Pole" not Presley Pole ROFL.
PSA: You're about 4 days late with this news and he wouldn't have gone gold any way.
Right? Yet Judge is 7th out of the OF'ers even though he hasn't played for 2 months.
Arrieta &gt; Greinke &gt; Verlander
He has the highest sprint speed in ALL of baseball? Uh you're wrong. He's 4th just in RF alone and 30th in all of baseball...
I'm guessing you're a Cubs fan...
If you only play the CPU and then never get further than All-Star for RS, he's an absolute beast that hits bombs. If you don't play either of the 2 I just listed, there are a lot of better options.
Eh I doubt it's the end for him but even if it is, he's made $32 million so I think he'll be just fine.
10000% this
Maybe for you. I absolutely raked with him in 17.
Doubtful. The 93 is already his best year as it is.
First choice has no correlation with your second choice. But for your 89 choice, balanced is best.
&gt; Charlie Blackmon - CO Rockies Is there a Charlie Blackmon who isn't on the Rockies?
Hershiser &gt; Greinke &gt; Verlander &gt; CC for me at 921. Only used Eck for 5.1 innings but he has a 0.00 ERA and 0.00 WHIP so far.
Had all 4. Sold CC and Verlander after 5 starts a piece because they were getting knocked around pretty bad.
You're welcome!
He's pretty awful this year just FYI. His lack of pitch speed differential makes him easy to read. Think I've faced him 7-8 times and each time I lit him up. Save yourself the stubs for his exchanges and your time from doing MtO,
Wow ok then bud sorry for trying to help. Don't need to be a fucking prick.
No they haven't and I hope they never do.
Yeah sell Springer and Gomez
Rofl this is a terrible fucking take. I used him for 2 months at WS and I don't watch or give a shit about youtubers and streamers.
That's a lot of stubs for a pinch hitter you may or may not use once a game.
You don't like baby diarrhea yellow green?
Just as good as before honestly
Shit posting and it's not even All-Star break? Come on now.
They are now. Ever since the last update. Used to per inning so you'd always have to select the away team while playing the CPU to get the full 3 stars.
Agreed. That was an awesome moment.
Probably some 3rd/4th liner and a 3rd defensive pairing guy. You should know by now Bob doesn't sign big name UFA's. No shot in hell we go after Duchene or Panarin. Also, it's kind of hard to sign a great player knowing we're not going to be contenders for at least 2 years.
Yeah no this is an awful idea. Would you use a 30 rated Jansen at C when you only needed 1 more win to get to WS?
But how would it be fun to play with absolutely awful players in any mode?
Jones is nowhere near a better version of Trout. Only thing he has on Trout is vision and he still doesn't hold a candle to him.
Stats don't mean anything honestly. Hitting wise Trout is the best card in the game. Jones might have him beat vision and arm wise but that's it and even that doesn't matter really.
If you think he'd root for us over Boston you're delusional. And it's not like Torii still plays for us...
Guess you should learn how to read. And not bunt dance.
Congrats! Hope it all goes well man. Get well soon!
You're welcome
Fight On
Today was the first time I didn't leave my computer on at home on the stream when I went to work and I still got the pack.
He's not worth that price so don't even bother.
Get rid of Stanek, Perez, Knebel and Smith. Get TA/LS Vazquez, TA Britton, TA Fingers and Osuna.
The new Chris Davis, Blackmon, TA Schwarber or Gallo.
Haha sounds like me today. Got home an hour ago and bought 5 headliners and pulled Upton and Palmer. This is the first time I've pulled anything over a gold in headliners.
You're welcome!
I don't even bother with them until I see the cards.
Hopefully your luck will change like mine. I hadn't pulled anything more than a gold in any of the previous headliners and today I bought 5 and pulled both Upton and Palmer.
Who knows. They were way too quick with downgrading Sale (has since been re-upgraded), Blackmon and Betts but they haven't touched Harper and he's had a WAY worse year than all of them.
TA Schwarber. Just like last year. I can throw shit in the fucking dirt or 3 feet outside and he still hits it out 500ft+
I mean Baez is definitely better than Simmons but if you've had really good success with him don't fix what ain't broke.
Sell Hader and Knebel and get 2 out of TA Fingers, TA Britton, TA Vazquez/LS Vazquez or SS Sutter.
Boggs &gt; Ripken &gt; Williams &gt; Arenado &gt; Vlad Jr. &gt; Mathews
His stats are inflated due to his high stamina. I think his pitch repertoire looks half way decent though.
You're welcome
Only good player you listed is Scherzer lol
Best reliever in the game IMO. Has a 0 ERA through 19 innings and I'm at 938.
Orel, Nen and Bautista are pretty legit.
You can't judge any player by moments. All the sliders are tinkered with and so much more.
You have to remember that SDS is in San Diego California so everything is catered towards PST. I mean I'm lucky since I live here but will admit it does suck for people in other countries and time zones.
700+. I still do just fine with Trout on HoF and Legend but he's also the lowest vision player I have.
Stars are based off XP earned. 1 star per 2000 XP.
Lol Harper?
You're not forced to root for a team your brother likes. That's not how it works.
My CAP absolutely dominates. And Pudge can't block either. Blocking is fucked in this years game no matter what the rating unfortunately.
I made mine 6'5 with Griffey's stance and I went power with all diamond equipment.
As a Twins fan, I fucking wish.
I'd say so. The TA has better clutch, break, velocity, control, HR/9 and BB/9 which are all crucial attributes. And when the LS doesn't have a decent IE, the TA has a WAY higher H/9.
Morneau wasn't but Mauer was multiple times. Their past cards absolutely RAKED and I wish we'd get a SS Mauer but it's not happening.
I just hope he's better than he was with the Halos..
All I know is you need to sell Knebel because he's pure trash
Yeah but Cutch will have better speed and fielding than Ruth and Williams. And like I said, Trout won't come out until way later and most people won't even play that long so there's no point in waiting.
Still hate him
The only 2 right now at 400's are Burns (471) and Doughty (411). Not sure if you're looking for active players or not so I don't know if that's very helpful, sorry. https://records.nhl.com/records/skater-records/seasons-and-games/most-consecutive-games-played-active-streak
Hey I played baseball at Manoa! Go UH!
I'd normally agree but he fucked up his thumb last year sliding and was out for quite a while so he started wearing it.
He won't get one but he'll get a SS in October/November like his immortal was released last year
Arrieta &gt; Palmer &gt; Young &gt; CC
I'd list him after CC IMO. He's one of the easiest pitchers to read. I mean his hitting stats are a plus for him but that's about it.
No but at the same time that's dumb as fuck.
Lolwut? The only decent guys you have are Kershaw, Osuna and Venters. The rest are pretty trash or extremely easy to hit. But hey if you think it's "straight up fire" more power to you.
Nah. You see him a lot so it's easy to read and look for.
If Blackmon doesn't get a diamond version I'll be stunned.
Sell Jansen and Holland. Replace one of them with Fingers from the Brewers affinity and then replace the other with Venters/TA or LS Vazquez since you need another lefty in there.
Arenado
Trout
Because you're breaking the rules of the sub. If you're going to post a picture it has to be from the share function on your PS4 and not taken by a potato at an awkward angle
No it doesn't. Every level is like 11k XP no matter what level you are.
Nah fuck Mike Napoli
I'm super bummed about them losing Erstad. One of my favorite players of all-time.
Yeah it was one of the first 3 seasons of RS WS rewards
Both of you sound like idiots
Was for me haha. Got to pick between Carter, Jansen and Sandberg.
I thought you were done after getting "no-hittered" bud?
There hasn't been one sold but I'm guessing someone is bound to take him eventually. You'll be able to buy him some time if you aren't able to make WS.
The way he ordered his line-up is awful
It's never ok.
99 Johan Santana with 125 K/9 and then 99 break and 99 control on his circle change. I'd also love a 94+ Torii Hunter with 99 fielding too.
If Torii gets a SS I'll replace Snider or Mays with him I don't even care haha
I'd go Gwynn over Lofton depending on who you have at 1B.
&gt; Jonas Siegenthaler is a big, big boy 6'3 220 is considered BIG BIG?
I for one, did not think the rooks would step up. This team is playing just as shitty as I expected they would unfortunately.
I definitely expected more from Steel too.
I thought I knew most of the players in the league but this is first time I've heard of or even seen Johnston. He's a big fucker my goodness.
That's actually incredible
Oh really? Well cool I'll have to check it out. Appreciate it!
You haven't seen many hits if you think this is "huge"
Yes very much so.
If you're doing TA's yes but other than that, no. The rewards aren't worth the time.
Pretty close to the best pen possible and you have Morton in there? ROFL
Don't buy the current Griffey card. A higher better version of him will come out later
I wouldn't use either. But if I had to pick, Chipper.
They won't wait that long for Griffey. And I was just saying, that card is garbage for the price it is. It's worth maybe 50k tops.
Seduce Ramone.
I mean you'd think so but how would anyone of us know?
This is the first year we've had pack flash sales so no one really knows. As for stub sales, they've typically caused most high end cards to rise in price.
It's not related at all. The Ducks on the Pond are special choice packs which we've had before in some capacity.
Definitely not. The only LS diamonds that rise are the 90+.
That doesn't even make sense. If you can actually light him up like you say, you shouldn't get shut out by him. It's not like he throws different pitches every other game.
Not really. And I don't really use him to begin with so that wouldn't matter. No point in playing friendlies since you don't get anything out of it. My PSN is XxIwhineOnRedditxX
Wait what twists are in Armageddon and Tron Legacy?
Wouldn't call this legendary what so ever.
I'm at at least 55 BIAH and I've only pulled Alonso so there's that.
Waste of time to get a top player in the game? And even if you get the top equipment you'll maybe spend 130k. Wouldn't call that a waste of stubs either. I get you don't like CAPs but don't be ridiculous.
The only player in the game with better attributes than my CAP C is Mantle. And what better uses will 130k do? You can't even buy a 90+ LS player for that price. Take me for example, I have all the collections done and all the TA's. Plus you can use your CAP all year long starting from day one. No downside what so ever.
Trout and Baez
Make your own decision
Prestige Chipper has better offensive stats than Machado. So if you're maybe making a case for Machado you have to make a case for Chipper first.
Lol you just said Sheffield is the only real endgame 3B but his defense is absolutely terrible so lets not act like defense matters..
I've never faced him. I guess it depends what division you're in.
But Chipper's doesn't? Got it, makes sense.
This might be the worst pitch I've heard on here to buy an overpriced pitcher
yeah take Graterol out asap
Pulled Alonso. Had 29.5k total so I went and opened 3 standard packs and pulled Scherzer wtf
No, it wouldn't.
Nah each prestige level is 40k IIRC
Nah
Catcher. And get all the best equipment possible.
We haven't had seasonal equipment in 2 years. Doubt we'll see it this year.
The real question is why are you so stupid?
The fact that we can use SP out of the pen now have made long relievers extinct.
If you're really just planing on never making it to HoF, those guys are fine. Otherwise, Patino, Eck, Lofton, Heyward and Hanley I don't see being endgame.
You're welcome!
Is this against legit competition in RS or is this all event and BR?
Uh are you NOT going to show us a pic of the delicious looking food?!
Still pretty impressive AB/HR stat.
Crazy how a guy who can get drafted #1 TWICE only ends up playing in only 252 career games.
Who else other than Fulmer was juicing?
No way. If Banks is this years Honus I'll be selling off all the stuff I've collected for it. And he's not THAT popular.
Honestly he never really had value to begin with. Everyone knows his 99 will come out and the stats on the 95 suck. You're paying for his defense on that card.
Lol why are they black awards? They're just awards cards.
Using Rivera and then throwing a high fastball. It's like he was trying to lose on purpose rofl
Trout, Bellinger, Acuna, Yelich, Baez, Hicks, Gleyber, Soto, Cruz, Olson, Garver, Moncada, Grandal and Gallo. All LS beasts IMO.
Because velocity combines ALL of his pitches. Not just his fastball.
It's not his prime or SS card. His 99 will.
A GG Buxton would be terrible IMO. And this is coming from a Twins fan. He hit .253 with 16 HR. So the only thing that might be better than his current FotF would be 99 fielding and reaction over the current 94 and 95 his FotF has.
Because the new mods apparently thought it was a good idea when in reality it's dumb as fuck
This is the way
Flair up coward
Hahahahahaha. No.
Same. I was like wait wat
What's your roto look like? What's your lineup? Are you trying to finish collections? He's really the only usable LS SP. Give us some context. No offense to you but I hate vague questions like this on this sub. They're absolutely pointless and mean nothing honestly. It's like asking us what you should wear when you go out tonight.
If you're going for Mantle then yes, he's worth keeping. If not, sell him to bolster your team. He's better than Pearson IMO but not by much.
Lol you're a fucking idiot
Lol you're right, it's exactly the opposite
Depends on what rank you are. If you're higher up the best pitchers are Lodolo and Graterol. If you're not that high the best are Lodolo, Wright and Singer.
Opened 360 TA packs and pulled Buehler...
Lol why? I have zero issues with them.
Twins need Nathan and Mauer too
Uecker is the best part of Major League but it's FAR from the best sports film. Not even the best baseball film.
Bull Durham or For Love of the Game
We should get the moment of the REAL HR king when Aaron hit it.
I can almost guarantee it won't be Bellinger. He already has a 90 LS and not everyone is going for Mantle so they wouldn't want to lose out on making money with people wanting to buy him buy giving out the 95+ POTM.
Can't truly say that because no one knows when he started doing roids.
[This](https://www.daddyleagues.com/dd/16/card/217355-rc_bos_papelbon_jonathan) was his rookie FB in 2016. And then [this](https://www.daddyleagues.com/dd/17/card/225357-as_phi_papelbon_jonathan) is his most recent card. It was an AS FB.
It was definitely on your end.
Balanced
The first pick doesn't have anything to do with the second pick. But I'd go power.
Why did you do it? It would be one thing if you a ton of XP or stubs from completing them but you don't get shit lol
if you're able to locate with that shit BB/9 and control.
Considering that sign looks like it's in Hebrew I'm going to say it's not in California.
Send this video into SDS.
It's definitely possible. Especially with video proof like this.
One of 2 ways that I know of. You can email them at theshow@playstation.sony.com or go [here](https://theshow.sonysandiegostudio.games/hc/en-us/requests/new?ticket_form_id=360003012253)
Good ole Blue Jays legend Rickey Henderson. All 44 games.
Yeah I remember when they released his 99 immortal as the WS reward but that was also when he had a 92 LS. This year I expect it to be different due to the fact that his LS is non-existent and that his 99 last year was one of the all-time favorite pitchers in this games history.
It still makes me angry how AWFUL his fielding was last year. Made zero sense.
He looks like he'd be better than Snell and Hernandez but I'd definitely sell since there's no way he's worth 60k
It won't be
I don't see anyone being rude. I see you spamming him with annoying messages though.
I don't throw over but I'll definitely step off every time my opponent takes a lead.
Well considering his card isn't on the Pirates that might be why you aren't getting Pirates innings.
He was a 5x All-Star though
I hope you reported him. Seeing someone like this get salty and then imagining the look on their face when they get banned for a week is incredible.
You used the wrong flair. Should have chosen "dumb as fuck" instead of funny.
Are there other cups that aren't on nuts?
No there isn't...
I don't think you know what a budget reliever is. That would someone like Osuna. But any way, to answer your question, Gagne &gt; Nen &gt; Franco. All 3 are must needs IMO though.
Finals. Thank God this is almost over. Tired of these posts.
None of them
If you actually look at their stats they are in fact not the same.
Playing on veteran doesn't mean the CPU shouldn't be able to rob HRs.
Lol
You were wrong
DAMN 4 Adios motherfuckers AND you're taking a fat dab? You're the fucking coolest.
Don't try to pick off. You lose stamina. Just step off.
What do you mean? They had a defense update a few ones back /s
You're welcome man
Griffey Jr., Trout, Vlad Sr., Gwynn and Pujols.
Lol no, you're good.
If you aren't doing collections or don't want Giambi, sell him. He's straight ass.
I think my last perfect run I got 22k in XP so yeah I guess I did get that much. My bad lol
No way that's happening though
Not even close. And I highly doubt those are RS stats. Event stats mean absolutely nothing.
You don't need a utility player though. I understand MAYBE having a defensive replacement for late game situations but his defense will be pretty bleh.
That's fine by me. Pitching moments are incredibly easy IMO. I'll take those over hitting moments any day.
Yeah I definitely agree with the time consuming aspect. That does suck. But at the same time I'd rather go 7 innings then spend like an hour trying to get 5 XBH with Keith Hernandez lol
They all suck
Ok well that makes sense. I was like wtf how
No way. He's not even a top 10 pitcher and definitely not worth the amount it costs to get him.
Well I mean he's an all-star warrior. PCI size is insane and you can foul everything off haha
Truth. Play stupid games, win stupid prizes.
Do we even know what the reveal is for? New headliner? New legend like they hinted at for the 5th inning bosses? Stage 3 TA? Father's Day program?
You'd never be able to control him though. He had 45 BB in 77 IP.
That's totally different. Griffey is an all-time great and HoF. These prospects have never played an inning in the league yet they're better than 80% of the cards in the game. Pretty wack. And also everyone saying "well the pandemic screwed their plans so they had to do this" is bullshit too. They were 10000% already planning this from the start.
Oh I'm not saying current players won't get 99's. I know those are coming. But the main point like I said are these players who haven't even played in the league are getting high 90's and now 99's.
93 Gwynn is my leadoff hitter and he's relevant for me.
Don't walk in runs and you'll be fine. There's no ~~griefing~~ mercy rule before the 4th inning. EDIT: changed griefing to mercy rule, I botched it. But my point still stands, just don't walk in runs and you'll be fine.
Being a good framer doesn't make you good defensively...doesn't matter how many no-no's he caught. And sure he won a GG but he only won 1 in 15 years..
Low golds and 78-79's sky rocketed.
Exactly. The cutter on his 99 won't be any better than the one on his 87 now since it already has 99 break and control. His K/9 and H/9 will be better but it just depends on what made up pitches they give him. If they give him a change and sinker he'll be great otherwise he'll get his tits lit.
Showdown is the only option
Haha that's even better than the guy I played earlier who had the team name of "PLZ QUIT PLZ QUIT PLZ QUIT"
I know I'll get shit for this but my man you're the epitome of a groupie and it's hysterical.
It might if you're able to hit with him. One of the worst swings in the game.
Remove concept cards. 99% of them are just shitty pictures photoshopped on 99 rated templates. I get some people think it's cool to have those but they don't even go to the effort of making actual stats. And even when they do, they should still be removed or instantly put in a separate thread. And do away with the worthless flairs and having to then comment on your own post.
What are you talking about? Deslauriers' grit level is off the charts..
Lol dumbass
Yeah he's on my bench
&gt; everyone is getting elite No they're not.
At this point I'll take any redesign that doesn't have orange.
Kluber, Hal, Greinke, Hamels and Lodolo
Fucking ouch
I always like to have at least 300k ready.
He was one of the rewards during the last event so you can't get him anymore. Plus you need you a certain amount of rookies to get stars for this current inning program.
Found the domestic abuser
Bought 2 DOTP packs, got a base and rare tier so I was pretty bummed about that. Then bought all 5 headliners and pulled absolutely nothing. Finished the father's day conquest, father's day program and then the Jackie program. Saved all the packs I got and just now opened them. Pulled Harper, Buehler, Betts, Jordan cleats, Kemp, Verlander and Arenado twice. DEFINITELY made up for the shitty DOTP and headliners pulls.
Bomber doesn't mean anything. It's not a live quirk.
Quirks for hitters only affect LS players. Bomber just means they have power over 80 from at least one side.
I got insanely lucky. Pulled Harper, Buehler, Betts, Jordan cleats, Kemp, Verlander and Arenado twice.
He still swings a wet noodle. Played 6 games with him at 2B on HoF yesterday and everything just dies. He definitely won't be replacing Biggio.
Power isn't everything. Biggio has a MUCH better swing which helps a lot. I mean it might just be me but I've never hit well with Jackie no matter what his stats are because I find his swing terrible.
Last year it was a shitload of EVERY type of card aside from LS. I'd hold off on locking in the players league until they release the collection since we didn't have players league last year and don't know quite what they're going to do.
Oh no I totally agree. It's great that they gave him out for free and anyone can try him. Biggio is incredible for me so I have no use for Sandberg. I was just giving my experience with him.
You're welcome!
It's not. It's 100% legal and allowed. People who say it's 'toxic' are just salty shits you can't hit lefty on lefty.
Those are actually pretty sweet
0 times through well over 2000 packs.
When new 99 elites or 99 bosses arrive.
Enough dude. All this stupid card art is 1000000% worthless and unneeded.
His per 9's are but overall, no.
Not underrated. Just A LOT of better options. SS Boggs, Awards Posey, SS Jackie, AS McCovey, SS Torre, FS Jones, FS Gorman, AS Miggy, Prime Kingman, FS Gallo, POTM Dietrich, Awards Perez, Awards Murphy, POTM Bellinger, FS Kirilloff, FS White, McGriff, Giambi, FS Mountcastle, Stargell and FS Olson. And those are just the ones I can remember.
Have to be over 18. I mean you can play but if you happen to actually win anything you won't get it because you're under 18.
I have no idea haha.
Well maybe he just isn't into you. Or guys in general.
I have a 4:3 split too and it's fine. You're good. I do recommend getting rid of Hader and Morton though.
He's essentially a 2 pitch pitcher and he's VERY easy to read. Plus his lack of control and BB/9 hurts him.
You're welcome!
I doubt we'll see the base and rare rounds rebound. They'll keep adding more and more and add more chances for earning the packs.
You're correct
Gorman. Plus I've never liked the idea of platooning because now you're down 1 player for the rest of the game and you never know what might happen late in a game.
Like who? There's your CAP and then no one else..
Highly doubtful
Haha don't call yourself an idiot. But yeah, they honestly dgaf about franchise plus it's just more work for them to implement a 60 game or shortened season option.
No one is playing these events for wins.
Considering a lot of people still use his 90 because he's so good this will be 10X better.
As a Twins fan I'm getting him even though he doesn't make my main lineup. Definitely going in my all-time Twins lineup though.
Doubtful
I think you can look back like 2 months or something on theshownation. Not sure though.
Nah
I dgaf about the gameplay. The storyline just ruins the whole thing
Man I'd be so fucking sad haha
Just go play events and ask.
Damn I wish I hadn't stopped playing NHL. That card looks unreal. His TOTY card 2 years back was insane.
If we got a Santana, Nathan or Mauer I'd never ask for anything again. That would be incredible. Shit, I'd even take a Morneau. Just don't want Blyleven, Johnson or Killebrew.
Glad I'm not the only one. Jackie has ALWAYS had an absolutely awful swing and this year is no different.
Really? I have the best equipment and my balanced C is pretty close to this minus the power and speed.. 101/104 contact, 100/96 power, 88 vision, 95 fielding, 97 arm strength, 99 arm acc, 90 reaction and 70 speed.
Lol
Offline is 100000% different than online play. You can throw a perfect game with a bronze on all-star offline lol. That sucks about your hitting issues though. Everyone has those games which sucks.
Not bad at all. I've already prestiged Mantle (who required the most stats of all of them), Biggio and I'm 7 hits away from Sheffield. And that's not even including me already prestiging Chipper and Bellinger. Like others have said, the immortal grinds were WAY worse than this and it's not even close.
Oh man I'm so sorry. SO brutal.
Come on man if you're going to actually name him Chipper Jones have him at 3B.
If you happened to get to prestige before you got Mantle, or even in the first month of the game, I'd say Springer, Thames then Ramirez. At this point in the game, I'd go Thames, Ramirez then Springer.
I'll admit I ALWAYS hate concept cards but I will admit not I NEED and LOVE that Hunter card. He's my all-time favorite player and that pic of him on there is just incredible. Props
As a Twins, I have to laugh at the thought of a SS Garver. Dude has had one decent year and doesn't deserve a SS card lol. It's gonna be one of Hunter, Dozier, Blyleven or Walter Johnson I think.
No news and I doubt they do anything involving a 60 game season or a DH in the NL.
These AMA posts are dumb as fuck but I'll bite.. Why did you expect anything different?
nope
Yeah this isn't even really a comparison. Lou was WAY better. Now if you did a comparison of Walker and Mantle then that would be a different story.
Yeah all programs besides prestiging programs can be completed offline.
I hope the Cubs is a 99 Sutter.
You're right. 99 Gibson was a boss
Killer or Brett.
Don't be that guy
Nope. I couldn't care less what the cards in this game look like.
But these are all event stats against commons and bronzes.. unless you only get 2 AB's out of him per RS game which I highly doubt.
But this is an all-time team. Which means all-time players who played there.. not did well there. And he can put Killer at 3B with Ortiz at 1B.
You mean trophies? I'd rather have TWO trophies from the past that were won legitimately than a trophy you cheated to get. And wild Twins fan? Did you guys have fans before 2017?
Oh I wish. Him, Mauer, Nathan and Johan and I'd cry.
Lol this is a pretty well known fact
Sheffield, Ortiz and Gagne used and they're in the game. Doesn't bother me at all. Sosa will probably never be in the game though just like Bonds.
Just get the best you can. Go look at what your high diamond SS stats will have and then build off there.
That guy really is a hero. Did it last night in 3 hours. I thought it would be hard for him to come up in drafts but I think I did 25 drafts and he came up in about 70% of them.
You're welcome!
I'd say 70-80k honestly. Unless they drop another DOTP elite pack then they might even drop more.
Why's that? LS has nothing to do with the Honus program last year.
I too hate free wins.
LOL seeing Zahn got me
I just hide my stubs in buy orders for big players. Only way I get myself to not spend them on packs
I personally haven't used him in RS since I'm not at prestige quite yet. Just in BR and on my friends account but he absolutely destroys. I do however have Ortiz and he's pretty great so far.
Patino gets his tits lit like the 4th of July.
He's probably amazing but I'd hold off until he's at least 250k.
Not a low 90 but Baez plays WAY over his ratings.
REALLY glad it's precautionary for health reasons and not because they did some racist shit. I saw the title and immediately thought "oh shit what did we do now."
And people still think the animations are correct instead of bases calls off the players discipline rating..
Just don't attempt a pickoff. Just step off if they take a lead. Simple as that. You won't get a bad throw and you won't lose stamina from your pitcher.
Benching him. Have Trout, Mantle and Walker in the OF and Ortiz at 1B.
&gt; his FS card was absolutely shit for me Lol he's been out for like what, 4 days now? I doubt you've had enough AB's with him to even judge him.
Exactly. And through the years in this game I've never really used the "best" players but rather players I've loved and grew up over the years. Not really a Belli fan IRL so when Walker and Ortiz dropped I had no qualms with benching him.
Yeah I hope they're just different and more usable than last years HRD cards though. Though I wouldn't mind them all being quicksell value like last year so it will save me some stubs haha. I know the set will be needed for something as well as the Honus set too maybe.
The next week should be rad with the TA's and those coming out. I'm surprisingly excited for once.
Def not. You hide your worst fielder or worst arm in LF all the time. Plus Belli in CF still has great speed, reaction and defense. Not to mention an absolute cannon for an arm.
They both suck
We had a 92 Orel last year and a 99 in 17. His 92 last year had mid 90's H/9, mid 80's K/9, low 80 control and low 70 BB/9. My guess would be they amp all those up for this 97. And as for his 99 in 17, the attributes only went up to 99 and cards were rated differently.
They'll be handled like they've handled injuried players most likely. They'll still be in the collections.
If they made that asshole Napoli the face of the franchise I'd flip. It should be Salmon, Finley or Weaver.
He's like 15-17 years old. Should be enough explanation lol
FotF Mo Vaughn who played all 2 seasons with the Angels..lol
So they're announcing it an hour before it goes live? What's the point?
Orel*. And they're revealing them an hour before they release tomorrow.
Why do you doubt it? Pujols does.
Yeah. Did about 25 drafts in the 3 hours to took to prestige him and I got him about 70% of the time.
Eh I highly doubt it though
Pretty sure it ends tomorrow but they might extend it. Or at least do it again in the near future. This is the 2nd time they've done it already.
BR is Battle Royale. You draft you own team with the cards they give you to pick from. Your goal is to go 12-0 to get a flawless reward card plus 2 diamonds and other cards in the process. 12-1 is good too but the real goal is 12-0. And you can only prestige 21 players ATM. You can find them through programs &gt; prestige programs in DD. You have to collect a certain amount of stats for that player and then you get a +3 to all their stats pretty much plus packs and stubs.
Nope. You have to lock him in to get the final 10 points to prestige him.
He's for sure top 5. Not the best though.
I'll believe Thome when I see it haha. That would be amazing though. Fuck Glaus though. And yeah I have no clue who the Jays player could be.
Yeah flawless reward Mize. His prospect was great for me on HoF/legend so this is like a JUICED version.
Yeah I mean it probably should have taken longer but my first entry my opponent messaged me and asked if I wanted to go 20 innings since he was also doing the same thing so I lucked out haha. Started at 3:30AM on Saturday morning and finished at 6:40AM.
I can definitely say he's worth it. The movement in his cutter is absolutely wild.
Considering those look like all event stats against commons and bronzes with him averaging 2 AB's a game... yes I am.
