So she was last seen around 11am and so the suspect, if it was the husband would have 9 hours head start. a) how did her bag get at the bar? Someone had to drop it off there if she was not there. When did the bar open? That would help the time line. Answer: it was in her car near the tavern, not at the tavern, discovered the next day. b) Where did her car end up? answer (Wednesday evening it was found...not at the tavern, near the tavern) c) Who picked up the kid(s) from school? That would tighten the timeline as well. d) 2nd article mentions whil her car was at Kroger at 11, it was a man in the car. That pretty much means she was dead between 7:45 and 11am. Noted the kroger is also right next to the tavern. map of location https://www.google.com/maps/place/5514+Burkhardt+Rd,+Dayton,+OH+45431/@39.756694,-84.1107235,351m/data=!3m1!1e3!4m5!3m4!1s0x884083511dae7f43:0xbe91b1c294f0dda0!8m2!3d39.7566887!4d-84.1090823
That is one of the policies of burning man.
I assume they could compare DNA to his sister. And if he was a hoarder there would be tons of stuff to test against. There must be some strange conditions.
I have worn the same two perfumes for 20 years. Daily driver - Clique Happy. I got a bottle when they first released it. It's inexpensive and not musky. \ Special occasions - Hybiscus. It has a light almost tropical scent. I found it in Vegas about 17 years ago. It is expensive, but I really love the scent on me. https://yveschantre.us/product_info.php?products_id=29
Well, you just made me say "holy shit" when I saw the image. So, probably worth it.
I like other peoples scents. I like smells. So while I would not switch, I think, I like new experiences. Because maybe I would find a new scent that I could wear.
Considering the bodies were in the ground for 3 years probably not viable or long gone. But considering the implication that she had no pants on she probably was assaulted.
"Classy, Sassy, and a bit bad assy" or "Live, love, life" basically anything you would find on a coffee cup.
Avocet or Allafaire are fun ones.
Awww, that sucks. My parents were the opposite. I could read anything I wanted as long as I was reading. I read a lot of odd stuff. And the best part was if a movies was made from a book I could see the movie regardless of the rating. 11 year old me totally read Jurassic Park. Still one of my favorites.
Watch the movie by the same name.
At least someone is policing the police.
Heinlein talks about 'teats'.
Just as bad as Jaden, Kayden, Zaden, Aiden. Ugh. Stab me with a screwdriver.
A Door King entry system. Uhhh, I guess it electrocutes me?
I bet like 3 people would go to my bar. As long as wifi is still up we could drink and eat beer nuts in a defendable building.
Haha. That would not fly. I medically cannot be in temperatures of even 35c/95f. They would have to find some sort of alternative teaching for me.
But her body was found in an area that the tide would not take her if she jumped / entered from that location. Local tide charts are predictable and accurate in most places.
We could probably check the wayback machine because she seems like the person who would have had a myspace account.
My guy likes to bed sprawl as he's never lived with a girl. But after 6 years the bruised on my head and nose from spreading out in his sleep and bopping me in my head at 4,5,6 am. Nope. He gets yelled at. I throw the cat at him. Shake him awake. Get bitch voice. And finally give up and use a pillow shield. Goddamn ham handed starfish sleeping heavy sleeper. Love that dummy.
I don't run. I eat well. And I have no problem with finding under clothing that is cute. Nor does my mother or Gran. I'm basically a stick with fat blobs. No problem. It's really not hard. Username was created because internet sucks and being a fat dude persona is safe.
Does anyone have the information on her disability? There is a possibility that she died from an accident and they covered it up and continued to claim the benefits. Still serious amounts of neglect. Very Les Mis.
The most likely scenario is she had drugs, wanted to get high in the woods and oded. It notes she was into zoology and marine biology. The woods is a peaceful place to get high. I bet dollars to donuts there was some fentanol in that last hit.
Not a random attacker. It was someone who went to school with her that she spurned and one of his friends from the same school. The families knew each other for years.
No one talks. Thug life / death. They asked 2pac when he was dying and he said something like "fuck you".
Dumps keep decent records of the locations they disposed of trash and the time period they used the spot. Usually within 10s of yards.They grid it out and when it gets full they assign another section. It would probably be a big excavation, but it theory you could probably find a body if you had enough man power.
I laughed hard. The hockey stick and the chair had me bawling in laughs.
Holy crap, what did we do before 2003? I could have sworn it was around before then. Crazy.
Evict the ducks with a strongly worded letter.
Most likely scenario. Very sad.
Seriously. Because towns with 20k people totally need tanks. Ugh.
Sad state of affairs. I know too many people who have fought the dragon and lost. And I live in upper middle class white liberal America town. I can't imagine living in the middle rural area.
Yes. Once it is tested they have it in the data base pretty much forever. Helpful in solving cold cases. Or in some cases finding a family member who also committed a crime. Opt in if you do a DNA test kit.
At least you didn't have Pubert or Spurgeon. I feel for those children that have parents who think these names were ever okay.
But it wasn't her schedule, she was over an hour late. So, they must have been casing the area or it was truly just random.
Mohawk or shave it all.
Yeah, she turned around to answer the phone and "he was gone". No mention of hearing a door close, or steps on the stairs, just "gone". So, theoretically, he could have gone down the shoot, hit his head, died, and the trash got picked up before the police or search were called. More of a likely scenario that kidnapping and no one in 11 stories seeing him and he never reappeared.
Why emphasize the perfectly tied hangman's noose? Many people can tie nooses. I teach people how to do it with string.
Plus dentists only have to keep x-rays for 7 years if the client is no longer a patient in most places.
Doctors can tell you if the person is a danger to themselves or others without a warrant.
It's called law suit. You can sue a company for tons for this shit. Know your fucking rights. I hand out business cards from my employment lawyer to everyone. He speaks Spanish for the folks who don't know immigration laws too.
Yeah but you can do a give or take on date of death based on what was found on the body, decomp based on area/time of year etc, and other such bits. Also anthro, but bio.
Had one. Late 20s. WTF. Messed up.
Why is it always an opel car? Seriously. I see this in almost every Euro post. Opel car.
Cat's eye means that there is an optical aspect of the stone (a cheap stone) that has a slit effect up and down like a narrow cat's eye. It would not be diamond, but could mean clear to white quartz or closer to brown. Suede is leather it's just the not shiny kind of leather. It's the softer kind that gets dirty really easily. I assume that is 8 1/2 or 8.5 US size shoe Sorry I can't watch videos right now so just going on your summary.
Someone who is an anthropology student should survey the area again. Maybe the map was slightly off, and they can use their skills to identify graves based on plants, soil depressions, and other indicators.
Better than Helen and Eleanor. My friends mother was not particularly inventive with names. They also are born just 2 days apart, so same birth month (different yeah). Actually, those names are quite nice and not too similar. They are traditional without being old lady like.
Perhaps she got hit by a car and the person threw her in the trunk and dropped her body somewhere else. A passing through car sounds fairly plausible.
If there was a phone call, wouldn't it have show up on their phone bill? Even in that year they had bridging and long distance records.
http://i.imgur.com/LzAf3dL.jpg
Yes. It is real. Has been for a long time. More in Mexico and Central America, but it seeped into the US. Voluntarily getting beat up or gang raped is also a thing.
This is why you always tell someone where you are going and when you will come back, and buy a cheap gps so you don't get lost. Or learn how to use a compass.
That seems like a possibility with how she was dressed. Not to be anti Roma but that outfit combo screams traveler. And someone probably knows what happened but isn't talking because they don't trust the police.
My question is why does she have 3(?) tooth brushes. Also, omg those hats are so terrible. Also, going backwards, what is the motive for abducting and obviously killing her? Sure she was pretty, and a mild television person, but who would be so desperate? And it doesn't seem like it would be more than one person; the drag marks indicate that it would be one, because two could just haul her off the ground.
In russian there is a story about 3 sisters named Faith, Hope, and Charity. Actually fairly common russian names.
If he knew he had terminal cancer, he probably sent those letters to his closest friends/family to not look for him and he was gone/dead. So the people who could recognize him, probably know and are staying quiet out of respect?
I am surprised that there was no mention of defensive wounds, scratch kick bite and stuff? Even if they were surprised, there were two of them. No dna under nails? Didn't they keep that before DNA was popular?
That's a perfectly normal BMI of 20. In between the health range for that high and sex. Body mass index normal average for most people is between 18 and 25. Asian is closer to 17 at the lower range. Below is under weight, above is overweight. Of course there are exceptions, but this is based on the average weight a healthy person should be.
18 foot drop when you're drunk/stoned? Broken neck and dislocated wrist. Sounds like a tragic accident. Maybe she was trying to sit on the ledge and toppled.
This is why we need to teach kids how to use the emergency latch in the trunk. You can open most older cars if you know how to use the mechanism too. We used to practice in an old toyota for shits and giggles.
I've never seen one. I guess they are not in America.
Wow, I have never seen that logo either. I asked the car person in my house and he has not seen one here either. Maybe in the middle they have them, or east coast? I am on the west and I see too many damn teslas.
I would break an arm and be sick just to have a few extra hours with the people I love.
My mom's giant doggo met my kitten. The wee bit was like that loony tunes kitten. Curled up right on top of him and fell asleep. He didn't move until kitty got up and he flew out the door to pee. He also let kitty play with his tail. He loved kitty. But get him near another larger dog and he went evil rage dog. Small good, big bad.
Some old Russian lady beat off a polar bear from some kids who were playing. She used a broom and scorned it so bad it slunk into the woods. Don't mess with old Russian ladies.
The polar bear at Lincoln zoo in Chicago takes great joy in running back and forth right on the glass roaring and pawing the glass to terrify children groups. As soon as the kids leave she lies down in her ice pile and relaxes. I like to sit and watch. I never bother her when it's just me. Sometimes she get bored and goes to her den if no kids are around. God I love seeing the kids scream and run. I swear she's smiling.
Don't forget your nose.
I bet it's fun and entertaining for them to watch. Like, oh boy, we get the fuzzy man show again!
I have been gifted loved but kittens who need homes my whole life. I hope to have room to get a senior cat a home one day. I visit the shelter to give loves to those good boys and girls.
Never. Fuck. With. The account.
Best way to fix, ask to describe what gluten free and vegan is. If they can't, hang up.
I always wave and smile and mouth thank you. You fix things!
When someone is cleaning I just use the men's room. I just ask a friend to look out and warn anyone going in that I'm peeing in a stall.
Ours revised it so you could take interpersonal communication instead of speech to be ada complient. And now I know some sign language.
If it makes you feel any better my grandpa had cirrhosis of the liver, only 10% function and he went on to live for another 8 years after quitting the drink. He was pretty old and ornery.
Dis too cold? No, okay. Slowly. Ahh yes. Mmm. Slurp me drink. Who dat?!! Oh just bird. Will share with bird just this once.
I may be off the wall, but this sounds like an extreme case of Munchhausen by proxy. I think the mother killed them all.
This reminds me of San Mateo County Jane. It turned out she was a gun slinging lady from the 1800's and died in the woods in her 60's. It was a great case to study.
My question is...if he walk back and forth 4 times, a 20 minute walk, that's 80 minutes of potential witnesses, yet he was only seen in front of the store not doing anything. &amp;#x200B; And also that prosecutor needs to have his license taken away.
Comforter was for the TV. You wouldn't put a big ass nice tv in a car without padding. Sheets were for the body maybe.
Idea: She was killed, accident, etc. and the bible was placed with her body. So, a close person to her.
A psychopathic monster.
About a minute if you know what you are doing. Cut it real quickly and grab it. Just need to pop the hood.
Free at planned parenthood, for anyone who walks in.
Seriously, cheers to moms like that! My mom got a call about a tank top I wore "being inappropriate", and she was like, oh, the red one, that's MINE? Yeah, that's discrimination. So, very very shy me went back to class and made an announcement asking: Is this top distracting to anyone? And I got a resounding, hell no, you look nice today and it's 100% better than all those baggy t-shirts you wear. So, fuck anyone who has that mind set that having boobs automatically makes you a distraction.
Her parents probably like Shakespeare. The translation can always get miss typed in documents.
Portugal is almost the same latitude as Northern California. They even have a sister bridge to the Golden Gate. It gets hot as the Hades here and most people don't have AC. We ride the train or go to indoor malls that have cooling systems. &amp;#x200B; We have "save the air days" where train with AC is free if it gets too hot (100f +)
It's no shame to work a job that you are over qualified. I walked dogs for a few months to make ends meet. It was actually a really great time. I met dogs and kitties and got out in the sunshine and got tons of walking exercise. I even fed turtles!
Is it just a thing where if you work in government, you don't actually have to go to work? &amp;#x200B; Like any other job, you would get fired.
How large is the piece of paper you use to make the lion, and is the back side red, or did you color it after folding. &amp;#x200B; Do you use scissors to make extra details? Or is everything only folded? &amp;#x200B; Are their different categories for using scissors vs not?
Any of the minor powers from xanth series. Like spot on a wall skill. Put spots on walls. Or can talk to chairs. But only chairs. Or making beer 2% weaker. Or being able to cook broccoli perfectly every time.
It's your wedding. You get to pick. I have been offered best man 3 times and I'm a girl. I have always said, pick someone more worthy and I'll handle the shit that no one else does like late food, herding people for pictures, delivering whiskey to the groom's party and champagne to the girls, and all the bullshit stuff that freaks people out. I'm boss at this. And it's my gift to the happy couple. I had to find an engineer to build a trellis. It gave me great joy to say that out loud for realsies.
Awe yes. Swipe the appropriate directions.
Yes. But now they attribute comments to users. Top ten blah blah blah on all sites. Reddit is fodder for sites that have some many ads it's cancer.
I owned the original skype name of bob dole. List the password years ago
Seriously, one day over parking and you get a ticket and 3 you get towed. And two weeks go by and nothing? Strange, no?
6-8 weeks of decomp, you can't find much of anything. Especially almost 40 years ago with much less tech than we have today.
I work for a property management company with 50 properties. I deposit hand delivered and mailed checks daily. Every day I get between 10 and 20 checks for their HOA dues. We offer multiple online options and auto pay options, but I still have people come into my office and hand the secretary a check and want an hand written receipt. This is in the Silicon Valley for reference.
I love the lion, I will watch some of your videos. Those are pretty awesome. I make reindeer for our christmas tree, but I use two pieces, one for the front and one for the back. I also like to fold dollar bills into cute things for my friends kids graduation necklaces. The non square paper can be a fun challenge.
My next one will probably be a senior (6+) as my senior (16) is getting old and I wouldn't want to get a kitten to bother him. He's gone a bit senile and needs to be near me at all times when I am home.
Ahh, they got rid of Saturn years ago. I think I dated a guy who had one in the early 00's
Per owners preference, if food is not served, dogs are allowed in almost every store here (California), including bars. For places that do serve food, dogs can be allowed in outdoor areas, patios, and back decks. &amp;#x200B; Seriously, people take their dogs to the grocery store, the bar, the restaurant, everywhere. It is a very dog friendly place. Even work! Google is a dog friendly office and you see tons of dogs walking around the offices.
Keep posting kind sir or lady. Just copy paste with a note to do so. On every media. Some of the celebrity sites need to see this.They are so vapid.
Don't forget Virgil! My old vet neighbor was super awesome.
Do fat people realize, that you can eat 4, yes FOUR, Mc Chickens a day, a 12 oz coke, and a FREAKING it's-it ice cream sandwich, and still be under 2000 calories (total for that is 1918 cal btw). WTF are they eating? &amp;#x200B; Cut it down to three McChickens, a coke, and the ice cream, and you have a nice deficit. at 1578ish. Three meals, cheap as fuck, and you even get a little lettuce in there. And a fucking sugar water and a dessert for all those complainers that say they need their sugars.
It tragic about the rain. Even if there was the very small chance they saved evidence this long, it would be rendered almost useless from the rain.
SIgh. I have adult acne / whatever you want to call it. They don't pop, they just occasionally itch, hurt, and clean liquid will come out after I wash my face, and it's gross so I wait for it to dry and kind of flick it off. Then it just dies out to a kind of scab/dry skin spot with redness. If I don't very gently exfoliate that skin then it totally will block the pore and I will get a real zip with gunk under neith the flakey skin. SO, I tend to sanitize my hands and scratch the dry skin patch off. It doesn't bleed, it's just dry skin from a deflated welt. &amp;#x200B; Yes, I have seen derms my whole life, acutane and benzoyl peroxide did nothing. Getting of/on birth control for over 12 months detox and new one did nothing. &amp;#x200B; Currently using a gentle soap, a very fine simple sugar scrub when needed (less than once a week mostly), and a toner spray which is just rosemary and some other mild additives. snail repair on my wrinkles. Prescription sunscreen. And I totally fail at using night cream, but Ill start again.
Seriously. If I could afford it I would do it regularly. My nails are sharp like razors and can work like tweezers. Acrylics I feel so clunky and like blunt objects. But I have a very messed up nail from an accident that tends to rip off with acrylics unless it's super short, so it looks dumb on my left hand. :/
I wear a nice light concealer. It helps a little as it covers redness and splotches. And you can feel it on your face, it's a matte finish, so you don't want to reapply and have it get all smudgy.
Swap ass all the time. Like sweaty butt crack. Always. Forever. &amp;#x200B; &amp;#x200B; Armpit hair that grows really fast, or doesn't stop growing at a certain length. &amp;#x200B; &amp;#x200B; Sharp knees. &amp;#x200B; &amp;#x200B; prescription glasses that are just off enough that everything is slightly blurry. &amp;#x200B; &amp;#x200B; Perpetual hang nail. &amp;#x200B; &amp;#x200B; One shoe is always too tight. &amp;#x200B; &amp;#x200B; Acne that cannot be healed. &amp;#x200B; &amp;#x200B; ATM card has to be inserted 3 times and them swiped and finally only works manual entry. Forever.
This made my day. I laughed so hard. &lt;3
I just can't understand why people would be for "for profit" hospitals. THEY MAKE MONEY WHEN YOU ARE SICK. They don't want to cure you if they can get more money if you are sick. &amp;#x200B; Taking the money out of healthcare will kill the constant need to prescribe tons of unneeded drugs. &amp;#x200B; On that note, medical school should be free. I don't want doctors to come out with hundreds of thousands in debt and feel the need to take the highest paying shady ass jobs. &amp;#x200B; Why do people think that waiting times are going to be longer? We will have the same amount of people and doctors.
My shoulder itches when it hurts. Cannabis tiger balm helps. Cannabis everything actually helps. Lose vision? I am not a stoner but I kissed my best friend after having an edible and I could see out of my eye better after 6 months of stupid blurry dumbness 10 years ago. &amp;#x200B; I rather not kill my liver with tons of pain killers, so I just do alternative pain killers and a bunch of vitamins, and steroids only when I loose function in parts. &amp;#x200B; Staying healthy in weight, diet, drinking water, and other parts of life are core to keeping it at bay. Sure I can't feel my hands sometimes, but I can hike and camp and eat as much hummus as I want. &amp;#x200B; Stay strong. And not itchy. :)
Technically most dogs are cadaver dogs, always finding bones and what not. Bringing mum home a femur. The usual.
You know who else's dad is a dentist? ...Zuckerberg.
Can confirm that normal sized people can hold many kittens. I can hold 5 sleepy ones.
The burkinis in a google search don't look like swimsuit material and could be restricting as they are loose and the top is more of a dress/tunic. Which could be dangerous in deep water. Also it looks like they wear sports bras or something under them. I would be fine with wetsuits but I think it's more of a safety matter. I mean, have you ever been in wet clothing in the water? It pulls you down.
California. Most people don't have them in Northern California. Rich people I guess sometimes have them. Businesses usually do. But it's totally common not to have one in your apartment or home.
I dated happyfish. And all his friends were qbd trolls.
I just wanted to go back to work and for people to treat me normal. Best friend took me out for drinks and we told good stories. Then we got taco Bell and cried. And my mom and I painted the kitchen 3 times.
Windows?
It gets better. My friends parents have fostered girls for 20 years and I have met 3 amazing women who had terrible childhoods and became awesome people from the love and care of good peeps. &lt;3
Let's get forensics and anthropology in here. The hyoid can snap very easily, and not all strangle break it, it becomes brittle with age, and do we have other information? Where the ligature or marks were? I didn't read autopsy info released. But the fun stuff in the neck gets weak with age. Who knows. Camera stuff was shady though.
Good kitty. My house lit on fire and I'm a bit nutty. Grabbed both inside kitties and threw them in a pillow case over my shoulder like santa. They hate each other. Not so bad as your fires, but California is on fire mostly year round. My kitties are now very good fire alarms and when they smell smoke run into the kitty carry as they hated being in a pillow case with each other. I donated my meager amount to pets in need and my friends are fostering as many as they can. &lt;3
It's like those dick candles on cake that refuse to blow out as jokes. You dump it in the frosting or stomp on it.
That's illegal as a demand. In the United States at least. I leave nothing in my truck but a few sweaters, a cup, water, and random shit. Nothing worth more than 10$. I'd sue the shit out of a boss who tried to ban personal items at work.
They go for the trunk first.
Yes!!! Spider warning on all subs!
My big dummies are the best. Rimsky is 17 and barfs out of rage. Kuna waps rimsky because he's bored. And he uses the wood floor to slip and slide into his kitty cave. Kuna is the baby at 5 years old and super dorky. Rimmy is the old man who sleeps on my head and does my hair. I cannot think about a life without cats. They bring joy to everyone. I had a fabulous dog for 17 years who loved the kitties. I miss her every day. But I'm a cat girl. Just one dog. She was my princess korona. Queen of cats. She's going to temple this year.
Can't find the poster but another woman died on the loop in 2017. Sara Beadle. Less than a mile from help. I'm an experienced desert hiker and the canyon or any desert is not a place to hike alone. I always bring too much, just in case I need to help a fellow traveler. Frozen Pedialyte is like gold. Freeze it the day before and it is like a happy slushy all day.
My friend at almost 40 has started to play drums and is a natural. I'm definitely gifting her my rush collection. I'm not good at remembering names but he was on my list of favorite musicians and I'm sad to have him gone, but happy his memory is in so many hearts.
Seven.
First view, 911, people broke into my yard and won't leave. End. This bullshit arguing with assholes is crap.
Is it yours? No? Tell your mom to buy you your own. Fuck off.
If Pokemon is a boy's game, then fuck it, I'll be a boy. I bought a Gameboy just to play Pokemon blue. 20 years ago. Shit. My Gameboy can smoke and drink legally. But the a button broke. So some repairs are needed. It survived 2 weeks in a bucket of water.
How do people do daily stuff? I almost died in -6. Had breathing problems. Like is work required? Driving? Is everything open? How do stores stay warm? Why do people live there?
Even Ozzy knows this. My favorite song! https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=QapkGK-6G90
Aside from Perry Mason and Matlock, I get Kardashian's ghost. That bro got oj off and made his shitty kids famous.
Shh, if you are innocent he always gets the bad guy. If you did it, he loses and eats a hotdog. I like hotdogs and don't like bad guys, so Matlock is my dude. Plus he has a girl and an ethnic person on his team, so way ahead of his time. Also, hotdogs.
Can we switch with a bottle of whiskey?
20 minutes and a Russian teenager and it's not a back door.
I feel ya. I hate being touched for no reason. So my husband is a big giant scary loud dude. No one bothers me out of fear. It's great. Especially as he's secretly a big teddy bear.
I'm voting carbon monoxide.
I'd be a famous archeologist like Howard Carter. I really like his book because all the pictures. I did get a degree in anthropology. So close.
My bf hates my request to visit kitties to keep them company because he wants to take them home. I just like to give them pets because we have 2 kitties already. Homeless kitties need love too.
You would be surprised. We had a few boys dress up as him, and not just Halloween. Like regular.
Aww. My kitty stands right in front of the wall heater. And sleeps under the covers with me. It ain't even cold. California kitty is a wimp.
All my cats like(d) snuggles and pets. Some like head scratch, others neck, or the tail area. The differences are where they like to sleep, my head or chest or legs, and how obsessed with my bathroom habits they are. The current two must have at least one guarding me pee or checking the shower. Like little paw and head pop in the curtain, okay? Gets wet, sits on rug til I come out. Can't close the door or they howl and scratch the door and get their paws caught under the door. So, we just leave the door open. It's in the hall, so you can't see anyone pooping from any room in the house.
The US cyclists seem pretty aloof. Riding 3 abreast in a 45 mile an hour driving lane, running stop signs, red lights, and getting upset when they get tickets for running signs. They pretty much think they can do whatever they want, forgetting a car is a 4 ton murder machine that takes a long time to stop if someone just flies through a light. I've also seen bikers just cut in front of the city bus and go 10 mph in a 35 mph driving zone as the bus is wailing on his horn because buses don't like going super slow. Also, bikes get stolen so often here, it's not if, it's when will your 3rd or 4th bike get stolen. I see the Google bikes all the time locked up in people's yards. People even steal shitty bikes. But not mine. You want to steal a single speed, 45 lb, rusted shit box, painted gold with rhinestones, you can have it. I have two.
It's like the car guy who rides the lane next to the full exit lane only to cut over the barrier to skip the line. Fuck that guy. You create traffic.
Someone is not getting kidnapped. Pointy buddy and a gat.
Asian level was to write whole passing notes in pager code. Like a full sheet. Take that Mr Johnson.
My 17 year old kitty gets full HD cat tv on the big screen in his cozy bed. Spoiled brat. His brother of 7 gets bags of holiday bows to keep him busy. 30 holiday bows for a dollar. This cat mama has geriatric steps so cat can sleep on my head and fluffy blankets for young kitty to cuddle.
Jesus. Just add extraneous words like: essentially, periodically, "to be fair", on another note, therefore, and in conclusion. I'll write the shit out of that with fake wiki references for $200.
Word. I wrote 40 pages on the cultural aspects of surfing. A plus. Now I'm a university grad from a top ten in my field. Boom.
It's like 70-80f most of the year in California many places. That's why it was the fertile valley before the silicon valley. We got more citrus and frowning stuff than Florida. No humid, no skeeters, and beach in December is a nice picnic. And no one cares about quakes unless you get a decent one every 20 or 30 years. And only idiots build houses in flood and fire risk area. That's why insurance doesn't like to cover them.
I left it in a bin outside when it was raining last year (sorry lil buddy), you lasted 20 years). Dried it off. Waited a few days. Put in new batteries. It turned on, loaded Pokemon. Goddamn a button was dead. All the other buttons worked.
Sad little things. I said hi to my favorite last year. It's cute. Hippies have connections on cool tree locations.
Or parents who are okay with it. I vandalize the bench of their poor dead son because he was a convicted kiddy fucker. They still think a 23 year old and a 13 year old was fine and he was wrongfully convicted. He tried to get with me when I was 15 and he was 20. But I carry a knife and don't take shit. Plus he was a douche canoe. Lol. My label gun is cheap and I have loads of tape.
I invested in brokerage accounts and it saved me many a rainy day. Don't use savings, invest in various levels of accounts and leave alone til you are 20. Charles Schwab is okay. I just used my bank representative. I was about 12. Loaned my parents money before I was 16.
And....true story. I was drunk at trivia, bought a shot, tripped on the step to my table and hit my neck and finger because I didn't want to spill my shot. Now I have a bruise on my neck, and a jammed finger. But I saved the shot. I have witnesses. I'm just clumsy. I thought I might have bruised my hyoid too. And my nose bleed a few days later.
That's an amazing ticket. Perfect. Would hire. A+
We call our friend's bf not Jeff, as we were expecting Jeff, and he was replaced. We love not Jeff. He accepted our humor full on, and introduces himself that way sometimes.
Whatever made Lilu cry
Oh god, power deans. Tried to take my studded belt as it was a "weapon". So...I threw all my pens on the ground and said, well I haven't stabbed anyone, you want those? (Chick got stabbed in the neck the month before). Then I took out a heavy book and threw it on the ground. Want that? I can think of 3 ways to concuss someone with that. Kept my belt. Fuck, if I wanted to hurt someone, I'd use my goddamn bare hands. I was the meekest kid in school. 130 lbs soaking wet (I'm tall) theater kid, but I fight for justice and I liked my belt.
Except the one who nommed at the body farm. https://www.newsweek.com/feral-cat-eat-human-corpse-1482549
You can do it with a coat hanger, a flat shiv, pretty much anything, as the lock is a mechanical part, you can't computer that fully.
The taxes go to quit smoking programs. Totally bunk. Two dollar cigarettes tax, "same" program. No, it went to a slush fund. We just pay more for nothing.
They did that during nixon era and conclusion was, it was harmless, but Nixon was a dick and made it highest class drug.
And yet middle class Dem women over 50 will vote for him, because they don't think Bernie has the support to win and they fear Trump x2. Seriously. My mom's friends all day this. Facebook ads work on old women who think they are liberal. I live in the silicon valley. And there are hard core conservative people here. More than you would think. We have innovation because you have to tiptoe around it and do what you want but make it like it was their idea. No joke. Oh, also the military and unions tell you who to vote for. Churches too, but that's a given.
It's a social thing. If your friends don't you don't. The cost is not a deterrent, not banning menthols. It targets poor people. They smoke more. My friend owns a smoke shop and he says he has not lost any customers due to hikes and bans. You quit when you want. Most people just get cheap rollies or get them off the internet if they can't get them at the store.
Good on them. Instead of pretending it didn't happen. This lady was so out of it, her son was convinced as a child sex predator, and she buys a memorial bench after he died. And her husband ran for city council. I may have spread a grassroots campaign against him. He didn't win. He never admitted his son was a felonious jerk. Own up.
I really liked blindness. It's older, but it was a great film. Nothing much recently, but there are a lot of good sci-fi foreign films that impress. A classic is eternal Sunshine of the spotless mind. I don't even like Jim Carey.
Great! I loved it so much. 3 times much. It reminded me of the classic Adam Sandler dumb movies that were so good. With horror bonus!
Lol. No the garbage union wouldn't have that. Recology (for example) is a huge for profit trash service who regularly lies, skips pick ups, and raises the fee. They now refuse to honor the 5¢ return fee for recycling items like bottles and can. The trash business doesn't care about anything but money. And government doesn't care as long as the streets are cleanish.
Even better. A swipe station set up so you swipe your card a cup pops up, and coffee is made. Oh wait, like Keurig. So, if you could charge $2 for Keurig coffee, you would be an evil genius.
I would have screamed bloody murder and kicked the kid. Fuck that. No cop would charge you for kicking a human crawling into a private dressing area. Like, oh, I didn't know it was a kid or adult, I saw a head and kicked.
My cat hates (hatessss) the carrier, but he was sick and I just left it open and he skunked in. He had a pee problem. Got meds and pain killers and he wet the box on the 3 minute ride home. I cleaned him up and gave him wet food. Now whenever he pees we cheer him on a bit. "Good pee little buddy!". Always be aware of your kitties pees and poops. Poor little guy was struggling to pee because he had blockage and could have gone septic if we didn't notice him wiggling his tail and not hearing a good stream. He just needed more wet food, less salty food, and the new water fountain. Old cat now pees too much because old and kidneys are not so good anymore.
OMG, fake news. Captain ravioli is a hero. He robs ravioli from the rich and gives it to good doggos. To start his doggo army of puppy licks for disabled people. Jeeze.
My cats use boxes for naps, scratching, chewing, and one oops I'm old and peed in my box, don't get mad. He was way shamed. I threw it away. (Thanks Amazon for your cat shaped boxes). He now has 4 cozy nap spots and lined with a bag under the blankets just in case he can't make it to the potty. He's like 17.
You would dig the tree of life. Samesies. It's the known order of all life in a tree format. Mandlebrot set (?) Is similar in it's awesome samesies. Yes, I sound dumb, but I just look at math and life like a person with lesions on my brain. PS. Got lesions on my brain. And bonus spine ones.
Your own depressed head.
In movies everyone gets a locker. Maybe even a full sized one. Ours were only for the older kids. Before backpack bans and stupid bullshit.
Not really. You don't have liberal mom's from the Midwest who will vote for her or anything with a vagina if offered. My very liberal mom still doesn't think Bernie can win and thinks it's a bad choice.
The fuck is this flex? Is this now a common term?
This is why I buy those stickem bows after Christmas. I got 30 for 69 cents. 30 toys. They crinkle and slide and I can stick them to the cats head and laugh. Bonus if I add catnip to them
I was texting my friend and I couldn't figure out why spell check wasn't working, I tried 3 times, and he was like, sweety, that's not a real word, were you thinking verily or really? (Not the exact words, but two synonyms in one zombie word). My brain doesn't work on tired.
Rosemary?! That's crazy. Never heard that one. I don't think I've had rosemary in any Mediterranean or Italian food. Then again I don't eat red sauce. I don't recall having rosemary at the bistro I worked at, it was a guy from Santorini.
I have like half a set of Oblivion foils. I like the shiny cards. A few artifacts, and some special release cards. I gave most of my Commons and silver away, but I have a binder of some cool cards. I just like the art. I sucked at playing. I have no idea how much 17 year old cards are worth.
I will throw up. Out of nowhere if I eat too much. Worst super power ever. And yet I still get the too skinny bit. My bf is great and knows I'm going to need a box no matter what I order. I cried one time because I wanted to finish my soup and other item, because they didn't have soup to go, and I barfed a block from the place, and then cried because I felt like I wasted his money. He was really sweet and I could eat leftovers a few hours later. I get reminded I can always leave stuff on my plate.
We had a secret code language. Replacing symbols for letters. Super easy to read after you get it. Girls used hearts and stars so it didn't look like Satan stuff. I encourage you to show your kids this so they can create their own and feel safe in venting. Or learn a language. I gave the key code to only my best friend. I really liked codes and puzzles. But it's a good brain study. Roman codes are awesome.
I don't read books, that's stupid shit. Hurts me physically in the brain when I hear this.
Phillip is a freaking love angel! He knows his job and loves it. Kitty win.
I have two. One ultra over lover. Can't complain. And one ninja cuddle beast who gets cold and wants to be little spoon. On a bad day I get two giant love beasts. Old fart is snoring in one of his 4 beds by my foot. Young kitty is curled up in my clean laundry. Furry man is sitting next to me.
Or the opposite for me. I couldn't eat it as a kid because I am lactose explosion bad intolerance monster. So, not a fan. But one pill and I can enjoy the only ice cream I like. Snickers ice cream bars. Hate Snickers, like the bars. Buy them once or twice a year.
Thank you for making me laugh out loud. I would totally invest.
Always link so we can make a play list https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=3YOEO7jtIs4
Don't worry. Even the Spanish flu didn't kill that many people. Or the plague. We got 10 billion. Yes, Billion. Look at that number. It hasn't stayed at 7 for 20 years. Someone's lying. Humans are a parasite on Earth. Kinda hard to kill. So, don't worry. Carry a towel. And if we all go down, it's probably our fault.
Nothing. Engage in convo. Make friends. I look pretty good, I'm tall, I'm skinny, I have boobs. I've cosplayed anime shit. Like dragon pink. I've dated gamers. Just be cool. Talk about the shit you like. List of past loves: Famous internet troll. WOW player. Anime nut. Bartender. Chunky nerds are cute too, but fedora neck beards suck. The love of my life is over 200 pounds and broke my rib because I'm like a damn fairy. Just learn social interaction. Looking in, looking out is a good book.
Why?
Camps. We gotta not do that.
Yeah. I got yelled at. By Babs. It was like dancer in the dark or that dog movie. I played so many films it is all dust. But she certainly made an impression. My poor kids were just scared. I had a meeting after and they got dinner on the house. Who tells at a 16 year old kid? They are all awesome wonderful successful people now. Proud mama
Then you cannot have any of my luppins.
Hi Babs. Love ya. Not.
Hug
Angry famous lady wanted free stuff.
Rich celebrity demands shit.
Ok. So, relavant. I'm old. Old story. She's a super famous person who demanded things.
So, Barbara strysand sucks, bill gates rules. Rich people can suck or be cool. How is this hard?
Movie. Asshat. No want to pay cuz rich. Still asshat. Better?
Pm me me magical chaos powers.
The hospital coffee is better. The dollar station.
Uhhh, humans are murder machines. Are you kidding me? Count how many wars are going on. Murders. My cats just killed mice because they are dumb and don't have lasers.
Rake me, again
I knew it looked funny. :/
Yeah, pretty much. I'm definitely not a writer. And ADHD, and some neurological issues, so I don't post. Maybe 20 in 12 years? And maybe California, we talk fast and disjointed?
Not if you are Russian. It's like commie camp.
Hughug
Ooh. I got this. Anyone who could afford to leave did. Unless they were super rich, and nothing really changed. Unless you lived in the county rural area, and nothing really changed. My dad left in 1953, aunt still lives in the rural area, a ton of Jewish people bounced after the iron curtain fell because a lot of Russians are anti-Semitic and super racist, they hate gypsies, Asian looking Russians, and blacks. Yes, there are awesome Russians, but I can't deny there are a ton of totally sucky ones. My catechism teacher screamed gays were going to hell, so we petitioned to the church to have him replaced. The priest finished the year for him, but he wasn't booted from choir or other activities. My uncle was huge hater for my whole life, but somehow reformed in his 80s. He's ok now, sorta. But damn, he was super anti everything my whole life. I don't talk to most of them. Sick of their hipocracy and holier than thou attitude. My favorite Russian is the owner of my favorite sub. Hugs nix.
Even offering fake item of an animal cruelty is helping the demand for such item. Just saying. Props to yao Ming.
I have many bra kitten stories. They are like, halp, then, zzzz.
You literally just get a doctor's note in America. Anyone can do it. It's gotten pretty bad. Dogs in a bar, cool, that's okay because the floor has more human piss and vomit than dog waste. Dogs in the grocery or restaurant, not so cool. Outside yes, inside, please no, because no one trains their "support" animals. Except Richard, he's cool. He's a marine support kitty. He is a fully trained maincoon kitty for PTSD and seizure indication.
Remove humans from earth so it can recover. Maybe be nice and place them on a new planet to start over. Oh, and make cats mini gods. To rule over the humans.
My favorite polar bear likes to show off and roars and bangs at the glass to make kids scream in terror. If you wait quietly she does cute rolls in her ice machine and shows off her toy skills. If she's bored she goes to her cozy den for a nap. Like she sees kids, and she perks up and does a whole show to look cool. I asked the zoo keeper, and they confirmed. She loves putting the terror of God into screaming kids.
My friend named their kid chasey. Mom and dad this is chasey, this is my mom and dad, now show em them titties. Chasey lane was a pretty famous porn star. With a song about her. That famous.
I got best girl in camp award. Seriously. My knot skills are best. And I made furniture with only dead wood and rope. And did 3 feathers. No speaking day 1, no eating day two, no being seen day 3. Hunger games shit in Russian scouts. Prize? I shit you not a huge survival knife. Like Dundee with all the bells and whistles. I was 14.
I think I could be out of practice. I'm an anthropology degree person. So, lots of writing, but more technical, less fluffy feely. My 40 page thesis was decent. I got an A- because I was disappointed in the topic options. I was scared of the ocean, but it was a coastal city, so ocean was involved. Also, I ironically am the only member of /r/smartpeople... It got dumped on me during the sub Reddit wars.
I don't know what this is about but I'm enjoying it immensely. Can you explain it like I'm old?
You're lucky it wasn't goatse
This show always makes me cry.
It's weird, all my tv dad heros were black, and I'm from the Caucasus, so, that check box for Caucasian is accurate. Minus Cosby, my dad did not like that fellow because he was very rude on a plane.
Til, my dad was vegita.
Link?
I rage quit after that episode. I read game of thrones, so I was prepared, but not for Opie. So I just decided I should not watch more. And now I hear Gemma killed Tara and I'm like, ok, glad I didn't watch more.
Se7en is one of the best films with an all star cast, and it got nominated for editing. Didn't even win. Agreed. It's all bull.
As if we didn't have enough traffic.
My cat gets angry if you walk through the hall while he's getting blasted by the wall heater.
I dunno. Our gay bookstore was a pretty big support group style thing. Not gay, but in the 90s it was a popular place for kids to go get info.
She could have left for a few hours and her parents wouldn't know.
Yes, you can tell if someone has had kids buy bones in the pelvis.
Gill grissom? Sure.
I just don't drink calories. I drink tea and water. No soda can take out 300 calories a day easy. I eat out because I like nice food, I cut stuff in half first, eat half, take rest home. I don't snack, I drink water or tea, because if you feel hungry, you may just be thirst.
I get really fresh good cheap produce at Mexican markets. Like 1/4 the price if the grocery. And it's usually local and organic. You can get 10 lbs of oranges off the street vendors for under $10. I get meat there too. Their cuts of meat are cheap and great. The spices too. Then I make my own hummus and bread. Because I like carbs. I make Indian food too. Butter is not evil. I don't use sugar because I hate sweets, but I have honey if someone wants it in tea.
Very trusting kitty. They usually give you the butt to watch in front, but going that way kitty trusts the tiny human to watch his back.
Awww. My kitty pokes his head in the shower to check on me. Gets his nose wet and returns to the rug. But he jumps on laps when you use the toilet. He can open doors and howls if you don't let him in the bathroom.
Yup. My idiots start panting, piss themselves, and howl like murder on the 6 block ride to the vet. One feels much more safe being held in a pillow case, but the vet bans anything but boxes unless emergency.
You would be surprised. All dogs and most cats can be out of carriers. I sat next to a lady with a 40 lb lap dog. No extra seat. Dog was chill.
Shia la bouf jumps from behind the counter.
Sounds like they may have had tainted water. Like the glasses or ice was stored with fish. Sounds crazy, but it very common that ice used is not stored or kept as clean as it should. PS. Not my story, but never use a freezer block (plastic blue thingy) to cool water. That shit has tons of bacteria on it.
Label for one million dollars.
With some things you can. Most don't enforce, but candy bins have to be cleaned and dumped if a sick kid drools or sneezes and most shops require payment for ruining property. Like taking a lipstick, using it, and putting it on the shelf. Yeah, you gotta buy it
Damn, you spend about 5 times as much as I do. The only thing I buy is cover up make-up and box wine. But I don't eat much. And I get clothing from friends. Sexy bra gifts are awesome. My cats get the cheap stuff, they don't care. One is 17, doesn't kill him. Oh, and I got a bag of 30 Christmas bows for 69 cents.
I remember the cola scene. That was good.
I'm a technical writer. Short and to the point. Strunk and white can eat it. Also, I was probably drunk at the time of writing.
My dad's dead! :0
Are there no cows in new Zealand?
What??? That's blasphemous.
You would be surprised.
Well, my sister lives across from their consulate, so as a prince I'd go there, make myself known to the most neighbors and establish my legitimacy in the states, then give them a money order or stock certificates.
You're. Also, humans do use murder for control.
It's really regional. My town is dog walkers, joggers, and kids playing in the street. No riots, no crime, people bitching about no botox clinics open. My current status is irked someone took my parking spot. Went to work today, but we didn't have any patients so I left.
Like that one time with polio?
Yet its funny, because his dad is a dentist and a nice dude.
My vet wont let me use a pillowcase with my senior cat. So we just put him in the box at the parking area. He feels safe and cozy in my lap in the case. My other cat is a holy terror and will pee and cry on a 3 minute drive in or out of box. Try getting 20 pounds of nope in a box.
Because everybody else does. So why care? I wear/look how I want and say whatever I want. It's quite relieving. I'm 40, I have messy hair and wear scrubs. I love my cats and I'll damn well take a shot of whiskey with my wine. Also love dogs.
Yup. Water here is scary. Cold, hella waves. Sharks. A whale once. Crazy seals.
The jewelry is cheap. Unfortunately it probably was mass produced. 14k gold ring will get you maybe $20.
She did use the correct phone code 212 for Manhattan, which has an e. 3rd st. Not usually a common known thing for west coast unless she was an immigrant who lived in new your for a time. Also the age range is ridiculous, not close to 30.
Old IUD were copper and you just left them in. My mom forgot and had it removed in her 60s. She got it after 2 kids and a miscarriage. The photos show shes pretty fat. The torso looks like a large lady. I think the boob scars are a boob job that had been removed after a time. My speculation based on nothing is her parents were immigrants, Italian (?), lived in New York for a time, hence knowing 212 area code and e. 3rd is Manhattan in 212. Moved west and lost a husband. No kids, hence iud. Over 45, being nice on that. I'd say 50+.
Depending on the area, google has tons of images not published. Mindblowing tons.
I check on my cats. One should be on the headboard and the other on the tower. I meow, they meow back. If I have a kid I'd check whenever I went pee, got water, woke up too early.
Your sources are great. You could publish this for money. It's far better than most uni final papers I've read.
My mom's dog is naked, so I told her to make her wear onesies for sun protection. (Crested terrier mix with no hair from head to tail). Stupid breed, sweet dog, and she was a rescue, so happy ending.
You need a permit now. It's bullshit.
You can see they made a grid, the pink ribbons in the image over a larger area. Standard survey operation. Looks like they may have gotten very lucky on the first grid.
I use it instead of sour cream. To me it tastes the same and has less fat. The really hippy greek sour stuff. Unless borscht is involved. It would insult my russian family.
90% of American breakfast is cake. The rest is bacon. Or go nuts and make bacon waffles. And people think I'm nuts for eating toast, tea, and some protein or veggie.
Carrots are pretty bad for bunnies. It's usually used as a special treat. Unless you want a fat bunny. Bugs bunny kinda created a bad image that bunnies eat carrots all the time.
Mediterranean food, sushi, tacos. Just eat stuff you make from fresh ingredients and don't add anything but your favorite seasoning, veg, whatever. If the package has more than a few ingredients or a word with 15 letters, probably not good. My friend bought 1/2 a cow. Fresh from 10 miles away. Paid extra for butchering. It has fed his family and it has nothing but cow and grass it ate. (No drugs for this cow, small farm)
Cannot wait for my bagel place to open. I dream of lox bagel and schmear. I love their bagels and it's as close to New York style as I can get. It was my once a month treat. Half for lunch, half for dinner. I'm a bit of a carb monster, so I choose carbs over sweets (eww) or most fruit which I don't like. Lemons are my fruit. I eat it like an orange.
Rose's lime is sugar flavored like lime. Its the lime in most margaritas. Then you get a sad lime as garnish.
That's curious. The perp must have had a truck or a large trunk. Maybe a clue that is not thought of much. It's hard to shove a bike in most cars.
Reduction would have a scar from nipple to under. They open you like a flower. It has a lot of scaring. I'd have to see, but totally don't want to see.
We're spreading to Wyoming, Louisiana, Colorado, and New York.
I show my cats these pictures. They like seeing another kitty. My cats hate each other, so it's nice for them to see another cat.
Current toys: paper towel roll, piece of plastic, lighters, bonus delivery box bed. Oh and one sits on our shoes. Things they ignore, fuzzy ball, bell ball, springy thing, feather toy. Things they also love, biting toes when it's close to dinner. Dicks.
If you look at her hand it's in a fist on her lap. Did she have arthritis? Was this a normal thing? I doubt she's dead there, but she doesn't look like one to boat for 3 days. Maybe it was a right for death trip? Asking to die in dignity. And he offed himself?
Curry comb. It's just a metal brush. It feels very nice. Horses love a good brush. It pulls all the dead hair off. The horse in the video has a crazy winter coat that is shedding.
Not gonna lie, I use my own brushes on the cat. He likes the boar bristle brush and rubs his face on it and the one that has plastic nobs on the bristles for his back, it's like a massage for him. I should just buy myself another brush. All my stuff is now his stuff. Oh, is this your sock? Now it is mine, and all the socks and the sock drawer is now my bed. You must let me guard you when you are in the bathroom and when you open the refrigerator, you must give me a treat or I will cry and be cranky. If all of my demands are met I will crawl under the covers and purr for hours while nestling my head in your hand and licking you occasionally. Pretty good deal.
Til people can be allergic to horses.
Lots of people have a state id card or passport.
Awww, my friend recently had a tort just walk in his house and now she owns him and all the stuff. We think she was left when someone moved (heartless fucks). She definitely has cattitude. She wants to be in his lap all the time, got pissy his parents visited, when scolded for sitting on the laptop she sulked for hours in the closet, she has yet to use the potty box and will wake him up at 3am to poop outside. He loves her so much, his first cat. We just call her miss kitty, because we don't know her name and it would be rude to give a new one.
California is trying. Even the weed delivery company puts a free mask in each package. They are single use, but it's very thoughtful.
Mine pull the covers off, aggressively cuddles, and purrs like a motor cycle. Cute but annoying. He's very good at telling time. 7am means food, or else.
Waterworld. I watched it with my dad and he loved it so it's got a special place in my heart, but I get why people think is shit.
I beg to differ sir. Spoiled brat cats love to cuddle too. Mine are just mutts but fight over my lap. Two cats one lap. Boyfriend gets no cats unless I'm gone.
I recycle it for cats to scratch. Why pay $20 for a store scratch pad when amazon sends free boxes with toys kitties don't use. We have three sleepy boxes, one play box, and one flat on the floor. Currently one cat is curled up in a box from a cookbook order. I just notice the boyfriend until put out a new box from his new book from today. Kitty will be pleased.
You know, I wouldn't put it past their stupidity and evil to think they would not have to testify against each other if they got married. I have to invent more swear words to describe them properly. But, the kids real family who loved them have some closure and they can put them to rest proper.
If a body doesn't fit a receptacle, the person hiding it makes it fit. Also, egregious can be wounds given, state of undress, broken teeth to hide identity, stuff that makes coroners work harder to help solve the crime. I'm just a lowly gross anatomist, but each bit I process gets respect.
It's not bones. Frozen ground, thaw, and presumably a container, under ground, 9 months, could be mummified, soup, or pretty gorry but identifiable. If they were identified in less than 2 days, probably not bones, maybe we can hope it was by teeth xray.
Technically you can call them serial killers. Well, alleged, but really, who are we kidding. I wonder if they will plea out,. If not, I cant see a jury in the country letting them off easy. Hell, Scott Peterson petitioned to move trial because local bias, so it came just south of us. That didn't work out.
It will take a bit to get proper evidences on each crime. So charge for one that you can prove, then you can add more once they are sure they can prove without a doubt of more crimes.
Or just eat a greasy delicious slice and eat some veggie as a side. One slice is between 250 and 500 cal for most pizza slices. And they taste good. Just don't eat the whole pizza.
I watched a kid eat it. His dad gave him $100. They did use crackers.
Kitty is a good guard. Kitty is watching the exits and you while you sleep. Cats do stuff like this to make sure the food person is safe. Mine guards the bathroom and the bed. Currently he's watching outside for suspects. He has the throne by the door to get a good view. What he doesn't guard is the other cat. He whaps him on the head.
We taught our Russians that meat was okay to eat any way, even raw if at a fancy place, and tasted good without killing it with goo. They bought a bbq and made some epic steak meals after that. My mushroom onion topping was made soo much better by them. Ps. Communist meat was usually bad in their town and caused disease sometimes. So, they thought meat was all like that at first. Burn and drown in something cheap.
Yes. Russia was always dead done because it was probably bad, probably parasites, iron curtain times. But now, steak tartar, yes please. Thanks dad for understanding meat is good in America.
In some way, maybe writing in fancy font on the blue, a BLM quote with floyds name might be more of a punch in the face to the vandal. Like, you just made our art proof of what's wrong.
I've tried. Nothing. To explain, I've got helen hunt, leelee sobieski, drew Barrymore, audrey Hepburn, and nicole Kidman as how I look as a movie theater worker in the 90s. Wtf, I'm a white russian with dark hair, green eyes, and smallish lips. I look like none. Maybe sorta with no glasses drunk leelee.
My alot eats too much lawn.
Either I can see through my lids, or I have photographic memory of my room and monsters. Or lucid dreams. I saw a movie once about a cat killing bad dream trolls. I have cats.
All medical stuff is in metric. So we measure tumors in cm etc. Also drugs. Drugs are sold in metric. Like weed. There is a great paper on how metric is alive and well in the ghetto. It's old but very interesting.
Strangely, a lot of signs have miles and km on big highways. Particularly highway 80 (sf to NYC) and 101 (up and down west coast).
You fill a bowl or whatever with some water, zero the scale with said bowl, and throw butter or whatever fat in there to the correct amount. It also works for crisco or other fats. Or you can use water displacement in a measuring cup. Peanut butter is a dick and you just have know.
God that's maddening. We did both in school and it's confusing.
Well, I own metric and imperial wrenches because bikes and cars and everything could be anything. Like suprise, half this bike needs a 12mm but the other half needs a 3/8 in. But drug dealers and doctors are great at metrics. Road signs probably would suck to change, maybe just add km. I think most map and driving apps can be switched to km already.
You might like the word fuckary too. Like, wtf is this fuckary?!! Upon seeing fucked up shit.
Nah, I'm pressured into wearing more normal clothing. I want to dress up like John snow or something everyday. Or tank girl. I went on a nude pub craw once, it was not my cup of tea.
Two of the best moms I know had kids at 18 or 19. They are both super moms, do pta stuff, work part or full time, have houses, and do lots of cool kid stuff outdoors. Both started out as single moms. Now both have found pretty rad partners in crime.
It's big mac and large fries plus soda, vs mcchicken and an iced tea and stealing a few fries from your boyfriend. For all you folks who can't fathom some of us can eat fast food and be skinny by reading the calorie chart. I love McDonald's, but we only order once a month or so. He's 20 lbs too heavy, I'm at the lower point of healthy weight. I want to be more fit, but damnit, I'll eat what I want. (5' 10" height , 135 weight).
Yup. Cats are cool but dicks.
I don't like either much, but fruits have some fiber. I like blackberries from the vine by the creek best. Sour as fuck.
Personally, I hate the sweet. My dear man just cuts out the syrup and just squeezes lime. He works for a 4 star hotel and got fancy tequila.
I've seen a few at the pound. Because they are not cute and fluffy.
The end was okay, I guess. I watched while reading reddit.
Pain tofu, for real.
Both my mother and I had one pore on our forehead that never got smaller after a random blackhead appeared and was extracted by a professional dermatologist. So we both have one little hole in our forehead. It's annoying to see in the mirror, but we just laugh because we match now. The dermatologist said it just happens and they can punch a hole and sew it up, but then you get a scar the same size or larger.
How did you know he would like being a trucker? My wee kitty cried and peed and howled his first ride to the vet at 3 months. He cant stand my little truck. Are big trucks a smoother ride? 7 years and as soon as he gets in the truck or car it's like murder noises and peeing. The other cat is okay if you wrap him up and hold him. I'd love to have a driving buddy but over the years they all were like, nope.
I like to build scale dollhouse rooms. Not a full one, just a room. So you can stack them or use it as a book end, or whatever. I order bits of wood online, use paper as wallpaper, make tiny pictures, bookcase, even wee books, I learned how to upholster chairs, many options that you can then blow up to full size. The only things I use are a glue gun, sewing stuff, and the cutest miter box ever. So it's only as expensive as you make it. I used old magazines, old fabric, just whatever is around. And no, I'm not a serial killer, I'm 40, a girl, and I have cats and a very grumpy but cute life partner.
Omg. Zoo cams. So many zoo cams. Just put in the background until the pandas or big cats start doing stupid shit. It's a game changer.
But does it work because of the plot and the ring? Like hes going dark and down? Just thinking about it.
Cute story, we had 2 dogs and 1 cat, and the cat was like fuck you, and dog was like fuck you from a distance you bastard. Then we got a surprise kitten. We put him near the dog (90 lbs of love and dumb Dane mix), and kitty was like disney or looney tunes. Kitty just stepped on the dog, made a bed and fell asleep. Dog was like wtf and didn't move until kitty got up and dog ran outside super fast because he had to pee. Big dogs tail was kitty toy. They shared a bed. My cat thinks he's a dog now.
I know it sounds super weeabo, which I'm very much not, but I say meow during a yawn or morning wakeup stretch. The cats get it, the husband says I announce I'm awake and am making fun of the cats.
It's NSFW because your choice of booze is terrible. Get whiskey or something.
Nope. Cat is cat. Must cat. My best friend got adopted by a stray. The girl just walked in his house and wont leave. We just talk cat now. I love his silly cat pictures and questions about cats. He's never had a cat. Miss kitty (no name as she has a name but he does know it even though he asked), is a super brat, took over his chair, wakes him up to go potty even though he got a box, she wants out, and scolds him because he has to leave for work. She's perfect. His night shift said since kitty, he hasn't been cranky from covid stuff. I love this cat, she's made a good decision to adopt him.
Don't meow, you're just making fun of their speech impediment because they can't speak your language very well. Both my cats talk, but they speak different languages. But they know words like dinner, bed, go to your spot, fuck off, come here, and I guess kisses. They like that last one. Oh, and get a watch you prat, it's not food time. I'm considering getting a collar that chimes at food time so they don't have to buy a watch. (They are now pavlovian to jeopardy because that's dinner time).
Truth. I sit at a station table for work and have walking issues. I keep it around 1250 because I'm a lizard. Same weight as high school 20 years later. But I'll eat a goddamn burger. I'm not a rabbit, I eat food. (Angry face at people who say I'm too skinny. I'm not, I could lose 10 pounds and still be in healthy range).
We may have been psychopaths. We smashed them onto our skin to glow.
I'm a huge nin fan. Seen them 6 times. And I love both. I put them in two separate categories. It's two different amazing songs. Plus my favorite song by nin is ringfinger.
I don't like disturbed, and I've been listening to s&amp;g since birth, and damnit, I really dig the cover.
Not employee, but my office had to do one. I was pissed at their bickering, so I brute force opened 3 locks by trying all the 4 or 3 number combos. I think I had just the first number, so it was pretty easy. We did not finish. But it was funny.
Awww. She chose you to trust. A stray recently walked into my friends house and now it's her house. He asked everyone if she had a home and they said she was pretty mean and locals just fed her. She's the sweetest snuggle bug. Very protective of him. She guards him at night and will bite him if he tries to move her from her guard spot on the bed facing the door. We just call her kitty because we don't know her name, he asked, but she's not saying.
I told my cat to get a watch because he thinks dinner is an hour earlier than it is. He gets super loving and chatty for an hour before dinner daily, but now he recognizes jeopardy intro which is dinner time.
I want to go! But every time they ask me my occupation it is something weird like map expert, radio engineer, or unemployment anthropologist. Maybe gross anatomist will get me in. Denied for 20 years. Seriously, those were my jobs and I'd like to go.
It was the bat blood.
Mine are brats, but woke me up when our idiot landlord lit the house on fire. When I'm sick or hurt then want to be on me whether I like it or not. And kuna comes under the covers to purr and cuddle. He's little spoon. Rimmer is my sleep hat. They also tell us the gardener is too loud, and earthquakes are dumb.
My friend is an ex military medic and they said he should get a dog for PTSD, so he got a cat. That cat loves him so much. Won't let anyone in unless sniffed. And kitty is super cuddles.
There are a lot of strays in Russia and they get lots of food and love, they don't seem to want to be adopted. I fed a few on my visit because I hate blood sausage, so I threw it to the kitties when my aunt wasn't looking. Secretly I thinks she gives them treats too because she has to shoo them away when she comes home.
Pretty sure no one wanted this one.
I loved this movie so hard and no llama dolls because disney promoted 102 dalmatians. I found a little shop that actually had plush llamas and I think they thought I was crazy because I bought all of them. My house has Christmas llama for the tree. My mom dresses them up. We also have a stitch doll that travels between houses. It was my dad's favorite.
Once upon a time, there were no subs. It was wild west of technology and questions. Now, it's a bunch of reposts, questionable content, and fake Karen stories.
My kitties are happy to have visitors. We have a chair by the door, so still 6 feet away and we can watch movies and slide box wine from my chair. Both kitties have to snuggle guests and choose the box closest to them. I think they are sick of just me and the man. But we had baby birds outside last week and it was the best window show for them. I got worried about the heat, so I put water and crumbs. Happy birds.
I'm a cat person too. But we have dogs that visit our bar. I know their names and carry various treats. I don't know all of their human's names. My favorite is little Jack. Hes a brat, but his owner sadly passed and he needed a home. The crazy music shop lady adopted him and she is now way nice and brings jack in to see his friends. Covid has been hard on him, but they did some upgrades on the bar so he got to visit. His little tail wag was the best tip ever.
Omg, I made a call like this. Me: um, there's a dead deer in my yard. Dispatch: well, it's your responsibility, however if it were in the road, the city animal control would remove it. And that's how I dragged a dead deer into a road.
Mine takes my lighters. Grabs them from the table and throws them on the floor. Tic tac tic tac all night from him playing. Under my couch is where they end up. Like 20 now probably. My other cat just plays with my hair all night. My boyfriend just laughs and takes videos of the cat fluffing my hair into a mess while I sleep. Love them both to bits.
Mine does floor slide into his chair cave of doom. He can slide a good 6 feet. Cave of doom is a chair with a blanket over the sides so he can chill out after too much zooms. He's a bit neurotic. The older cat learned about doom cave and stole it once and whapped other cat out. Like no! I get the cave today. 5 cardboard boxes, 6 foot tower, and doom cave is the contested property.
They kick you in the head usually. My husband holds our very long kitty this way, and I rub my face on his tummy, and he rabbit kicks me sometimes. Totally worth it.
Omg, thank you for posting. I love that scene. That show has great writing.
That blue bowl was sold at target. Its pretty.
Give some love to white oaks.
Wtf? Til...people turn wheels while waiting. I put my signal on, then turn after it's clear.
Oh man, serious. I've slept on the side of a truck lane in a dirt road, a car par by the bathroom, Walmart parking lot, just wherever is there. Nap with pillow and blanket in the back and continue on the trip. Snacks and water are nice too.
"Safe"... Depending on the area. I usually park at a 711 or other 24 place with cameras. I mean if all else the cops will wake me up in a few hours telling me to move. (Usually 2 hours for car in lot without moving, so one sleep cycle) Walmart is surprisingly safe lot to sleep at.
Lovely lady. I also named a friend's cat Steve before we knew it was a girl. So she's stevie knix like the singer.
Get another one, my youngest cat refuses to bury his poop, so the oldest overcompensates and buries everything and flings litter like it's a party.
Try a flat cardboard box secured under a rock or something. We use the chair by the door. In 3 years our boys think this is the best scratchy thing ever. And it's free from amazon if you order cat litter or bunny slippers or whatever is your fancy.
Can we all just say each and every character is close to our hearts, and fuck the purple shell?
My boyfriend would kick a trashcan in Canadian. He's a convert in the sense he's not voting trump, but may not vote, or vote 3rd party.
Wait, what? Can you read it if you are not a member? It pops on my page sometimes. I'm old and don't understand reddit anymore.
And here I am after 12 years happy with 700 votes for a picture of an actress holding a cake. I'm also a bit proud of -60 comment. Ehh. You win some, you lose some.
That's bloody idiotic! I asked the husband and he said our dad's taught us how to drive well and manual cars rather not like to do that.
I keep seeing stories of dead bodies left at rest stops. Maybe it's a location thing. I feel safest at 24 hour gas stations with lots of lights. Then again I have literally slept in a cot with two others in a walmart lot outside Reno Nevada. Like in a parking stall, not a car.
It's usually the defense. They booted the mildly famous baseball player too. Mostly drug charges. One was theft. I was mildly disappointed I didn't get the Scott Peterson case. That caused traffic and gawkers. I think I don't get on because I'm too dumb or too smart, or both. Next one should be in the mail later this year if covid doesn't stop cases.
Ah. Thank you. Little kitty knows only driving. Give kitty a nice cuddle for me. I wish my cats would drive with me, but it seems they are big couch potatoes. Old cat is snoring on the couch, and young cat is in a box with his face drooping on the edge.
I went to a small place like this once, and the manager was like, do you work here? And that was my interview. 4 years of awesome indy films paid for my first few years of university. Ps. Do not watch dancer in the dark if you are sad. Imagine the end, 3 times a day for 3 months. I had to watch the doors for the end so people could get out for each show.
I know that Colorado wells are running out of storage because less people are using oil and will have to shut down if the whole covid thing continues. So that's good and bad. Good that we don't really need the wells, bad for the guys who work there.
20 billion to a high speed rail that still doesn't exist after 20 years of bitching...hmmm...hello California
Being a step mom and still being that cool is what every kid needs and deserve. You deserve a gold star in life.
This should be top. Because nobody knows everything. And we should just love. Make mistakes or not, do your thing. We should supports choices. My friends kid is on his/her/not sure 3rd name. Being 12 is hard so auntie hyper just rolls with it. (I brought high heels and a leather jacket for whatever, feet are too big for the heels, jacket is liked)
Had to look it up too. I'm old. I cant remember letters. Thank you.
I'm just leaving now. I don't know what year 0 is, and first comment is not anything I get. Zero of what?!
I liked the one where braks father's eyebrows danced off his head. To this day I laugh at that part. Yes it's the brak show, but same. Plus, now a giant bug playing music is normal to us.
The brush my cat likes is any brush that's mine. If I'm using it he wants it. His brushes? Murder brush hate.
And that's how you get Kardashians. Their dad defended oj simpson. Their fame is literally on their dad defending a murderer, Kim getting a sex tape, and Paris Hilton letting Kim be on her show. Oh and bruce/caitlin.
They are performing a new autopsy on his dead wife, and maybe one of her dead husbands. So, damn dude. 5 very suspicious deaths in less than a year. Two (3?) obviously homicide. Thos one hits a bit close because my adopted daughter lives very close. But she's a smart cookie and can wield a bat and her boyfriend doesn't suck.(she's an adult btw)
And here I am supporting my victim friends at someone's 3rd rape conviction. I was the lucky one I guess. 12 years. Probably out in 8. 11 confirmed roofie rapes. 23 victims testified. 12 years. Fuck that.
At least she got her name back. Every story I see makes 2020 not suck so much because all of these lost souls are being returned their names. If not for this amazing technology and people my friends sister would just be body parts thrown out of a car. So I can't thank scientists enough for their job. I'm not even worthy of being one.
Damn, I thought getting thrown off a boat in lake Tahoe was rough. Y'all I send hugs. Many hugs. Ps. My dad threw me off the boat, in all my clothes, and I swam back like a bat out of hell because I hated water but could swim very well for a 10 year old.
I was on a long flight once and the tallest guy sat next to me. I was like, ok I'm tall, but he's very tall. So I let him have the arm rest on my side. Turns out he was a sports person who posted he had a pleasant but long flight. I turn into a very small hamster on flights. I'm small but tall.
Lol. She's cute as pie. Mine is dumb as rocks. I pour whiskey, he's like for me? I let him smell it, and he's like, how rude. I get up for a minute and his entitled ass takes my spot regardless of how cozy he is and eyeballs whiskey. He eats my hair. And gets surprised when he farts. Special kitty.
This reminds me of the song delta dawn.
I pay to live in toaster, but I have a patio and laundry, and my cats are legal. Worth it 100% I'm cheap as shit and I pay more than living in trump tower in Chicago. Or the apartments there, I just saw the price and realized it's expensive here. To be fair...neither me or my boyfriend will ever own a house in our hometown unless our parents die (please not for a long time), but living here is worth it. I live in one of the most expensive towns in America. Like, famous people move here to be treated normal expensive. Why don't we move? Family, friends, and we both can walk to work. And cats. No one will take cats. I paid $700 deposit for my furry idiots.
Yeah. Mine doesn't want to be near me until around 5 each day, am and pm. Then he sits on my lap for 2 hours until dinner. Current status, cat on lap. Claws in my knee. Ears angry. I have to pee. Other cat woke up and is plotting to kick this cat off my lap. I live with two 20 pound psychos.
Spiders. If I have to deal with bug dreams, so does everybody else. If I'm included in this dream thing, I guess the solution to world peace. Otherwise, spiders.
My cats obsession with birds. Bro, you can't kill them, why just watch? To be fair, he was briefly a safe (meaning no cars or predators and I made him stay in at night) outdoor cat and murdered many small things.
Omg, yes. My cat is like clockwork for food. He gets all cute and runs towards the kitchen when I make the slightest move.
Get ready for big kitty love. Mine is 17 and wants to be on or near me 24/7. Its warm today, so he's next to me on the couch all spread out. Other cat gives no shits and is napping in the other room. But hes a ragdoll, so you can just pick him up and carry him around, hold him upside down, whatever, he just turns to goo and then when I'm done bothering him, he just goes back to bed.
I think most people are saying the use of the weapon was justified, not reporting use of their weapons is considered a cover up. The article said the report on the incident is what's shifty. Or people don't read articles, just sensational headlines.
Life would be easier if all brands just said parent company name and type of product. No pictures, just logo and what's in the box. Like I'm buying mac and cheese. Which one? Well, I'll have to buy a few to know which one is good or go by price. Maybe they would make better products.
Seriously. I live in 550 sq feet cute cottage for stupid cost, but I can walk to work, its medical, so wfh is not an option for me or the bf who is a bartender.
Apparently she works...at a college. Or perhaps this got her fired. The info was in another article linked somewhere in this thread.
You still pay a shit ton with insurance. Cost $10,000 for my friends broken ankle.
What is considered newer? Mines 2010, but I only put 55k miles since it was new. Never. Checked. I should do this.
More crimes happen in walmart than any other store nationally. The people alone are mostly crimes of humanity. Oh, it usually smells like mouse shit.
Imagine this, only with leftover meat and eggs in gelatin. Imagine its served at Easter by your great aunt you have to eat it. Or aspic, at least could always say aspic is worse than Russian Easter jelled meat.
Or you just like hoodies. I like hoodies. And if it's that hot, it's too cold inside for just a tank top.
I'm only 4 inches shorter than my bf, but I eat about 1/3 of the amount of food. I usually just order an appetizer and request to have it when his main dish is ready. He usually orders salad, appetizer, and main. I'll take a few bites of his salad and maybe appetizer. Typical order for me is smoked salmon crostini. And wine.
The client is in my top 10. Love that book and film. He did a great job of casting and it does the book justice.
Well taken care of. That breed tends to want to be fat and lazy. So good on the owner.
I have the poster framed upside down in my living room. The colors match my breakfast at tiffany's poster next to it. We like movies. Fear and loathing is above the couch. It's the fancy Ralph stedman one.
Once you go cat, you cant go back. Kitty is adorable and lucky to have you. The comment is because after having a cat, you miss paws in the middle of the night and you cant sleep without a purr or a kitty flopping on your legs or head. Last night my bf said I was accidental art with two cats in my arms and superhero legs. I could never imagine living without a kitty. 40 years of cats *and 2 dogs
Keep the Lee, change it to influential Asian Americans of the same name. Edit: for clarification, if you don't get it, save money to reprint everything, and pisses off people who want to keep it the old name.
Don't get angry. No. Do get angry, but take it out on some dirt and dig a hole or something, then put a tree in that shit. Holding it in is worse. Talk, get mad, take it out in a non agression useful way. Like, when I'm mad I clean and fix the roof, then drink wine and explain why I'm mad to someone I like over popcorn and bad tv.
His kids like to cook and one has a book. I'm sure if he doesn't get take out he can get one of them to make something tasty.
In California it is most of the time. Meaning you cannot visit canada or Australia without a petition. Usually denied. So, I can go, but alone, as most of my friends were young and stupid at one time. Seriously, uber, walk, or get a hotel. (Car sleeping can get you a dui too in some areas)
Could be. Mines middle name is judas.
Judas. Like my stuff is his now. Hes a good boy...mostly.
Everyday with a cat is purrfect
Yeah, the drug deal thing is bad on our main highway. Breaking into cars and rvs. I prefer the lights and traffic at gas stations. Take a 3 hour nap. Get a coffee, gas up and go. Being a female, you get paranoid. So I just dress like an angry redneck when driving across country. Nobody sees my cute small dog bumper sticker. ♡
I like my husbands rule better, you wait for the person who cooked to start eating then it's fair game.
I think you really captured him with expression and color. Its lovely and sad and from the heart. Keep arting. Even if you hate something just keep it and continue. You have talent and it can only improve. Ps. Thank you for painting. I'd buy a print. If you sell prints or plan on it, people do like to buy things for their walls.
You can file to county to get the tips on the future. I got my money out of a guy for 2k in tips. Shady asshole. I gave all his employees a card for my lawyer for Spanish speaking workers. Owner did not do well. Don't fuck with waitresses with degrees and lawyer friends. He lost one of his restaurants from 15 years of not paying tips to employees. I do not in any way allow this to happen to any of my restaurant people. Ever. I'll take the resume fall. You pay or you get my legal wraith. Servers legal or not have rights. Don't take shit. Ever. Your job is not worth the shit you take from abusive owners. You can make enough elsewhere while you find a new gig.
Please post llama pics. Make pics a better place.
My boyfriend threw my gameboy across a cafe once because he was jealous of pokemon. Grown ass man was jelly of my pikachu. Needless to say he was no longer my boyfriend after that. The gameboy was ok. I still have it 20 years later, but it got wet last year and the a button broke :(
It probably had some jerky flesh, but they say bones when it's decomposed enough not to know anything but it's a dead body with exposed bones. Wildlife can clean it pretty well if it's nice weather.
Oh damn. Looking at odile was like seeing my school photos. I've never met anyone who looked like me. Crazy. She will now be in my brain when I'm looking for clues. I have some french connections through family so I'll look there. My french is terrible, but I can look.
3 people equals conspiracy. So even if they can only pin the brother, they go down for murder.
When examining remains, we don't ask or know shit. We just measure, record, and add observations. You don't get any information aside from "may be hit by car" or "found in woods". So pathology may find totally different observations than law enforcement. This is coming from gross anatomy person, I just do my job. Cant say about the coroner. But my opinion matters and is recorded.
Baby skin is way to small to wear. Fake news.
Oh man, orange men are the best. Just some random guy on a corner selling oranges for so cheap you almost feel bad. Not even in a commercial area, just like oh, there's a dude with oranges where I walk my dog. Better than supermarket oranges too. I get 90% of my produce from friends yards. Lemons, limes, oranges, cucumbers, squash, tomatoes (oh god my neighbors have 32 plants), apples. People beg you to take stuff, so we do exchanging at the local pub. I also got some pants and a dress that way. And this is a fairly conservative blue collar pub.
Norcal wants to leave socal. We didn't build our home in a desert. At least we have actual water supply. My water comes from a natural spring about 5 miles away. Plus I can walk to my fishing area with non poison fish.
The horse is dead already, stop beating it.
As a smoker, I never leave without smokes, like I'll leave my purse first. So, this leads my theory that they were held at gunpoint from someone they knew otherwise they would not open the door so late. I think no struggle because the situation was not dire at first and they figured they could fix the situation. This one is weird as shit. I think the ex knows something.
I dont even go out alone in the day and I'm old.
That friend needs a bit of motivation to convince him to tell the real story.
I'm middle class, wouldn't wear lululemon if you paid me. Never seen them at thrift shop.
Ms effects mental health as well as physical. You can't do things that everyone can and it's invisible to the naked eye. It's really a shit can disease. I think he just found an isolated place and offed himself. Most likely scenario. Did they mention if they found his gun or was it missing?
I have a ceramic rooster. Today, it broke by the leaf blow guy. I got glue and sparkle stones to repair said rooster. Because godsamnit, I like that shitty rooster. This is the extent of my ability to do things. You have to want to do it. My desire to fix my rooster superseded my desire to lie in bed and cry.
Hey sexy. Give mr kitty a pet for me.
That kitty decided this was his home, bossed op around, and took over everything. He's a brat and very loved. Pic was from a storm night. Mr kitty has no name as he just walked in. But divo is a working name. Edit: OP is a disney princess. Saw a bird on his hand yesterday.
It was just available. Mr kitty is not political, he just watches birds and demands naps. Source: I know mr kitties slave.
During covid I've noticed tons more lizards. I see a red and blue one and a few fence bros. Scared me the first time they showed up. My yard has lizards, baby robbins, and a squirrel now. The indoor kitties are super happy to watch outside wildlife.
Maybe two things. Pw and missing parts of intestines. So eat and not absorbing.
Uh, I guess if I'm on top. I broke a rib being on bottom once. I'm not fat, that's the joke in the handle. I'm border underweight.
I would just premake yums for my husband. He just says whatever you want to eat I'll have. I make broccoli pasta and strange sandwiches. He loves it.
Blushing. Sorry, I'm not gross. So rosy cheeks are totally a sign of liking someone.
I have many. My bf got me one just like preacher comic for my birthday one year. It was kind of a joke as I'm Russian and it says "fuck communism". I love that noise. We joke about movies wasting zippo to light fires.
My mom's idiot dog ate a whole german chocolate cake. He was not smart. He ate 13 donuts. A pumpkin pie. My beautiful gingerbread house. And cat shit. Lived to the ripe old age of 13, we think. He was a rescue. His favorite toy was a tiny pikachu doll. Huge dog, couldn't hurt a fly. He let the kitten play with his tail.
Oh man, this guy is my dude. I love his story. He was uncle(?) of tut. His depiction is cool. Pot belly tall guy. Such an interesting guy.
Yup. My cat killed 2 snakes and showed them off like he was king of town. He got treats.
My cat thinks lighters are evil. He throws them on the floor and kicks them under the couch.
I love to travel. Wyoming and Colorado are some beautiful places. Illinois and michigan have lakes and cool fire works on holidays. Arizona and new Mexico have neat native american stuff. Nevada is cool, mountains, black rock desert, Vegas, lots of art. But home is California. Home to mountains, ocean, desert, fields so fertile cows just chill year round outside. It's damn nice. Minus the traffic. The gang violence isn't very nice either.
We have 550, but it has a front patio and back dog run. And laundry room. More than enough for 2 people and 2 cats. I just wish I had a bathtub and slightly larger kitchen. I had to get two cat boxes as the cats don't like each other. Go figure, 7 years and they won't even look at each other. So kitchen catbox is a bit of a sacrifice. You will poop by the trashcan you giant furball. (20 pounds of the wimpiest cat ever. He jumps at his own farts and hides under the covers) I live here for good weather, jobs, people, and not a big city.
America doesn't care. They will make you ramp up and provide a toilet for disability on everything. The old bar in the city doesn't have bathrooms that can be ramps or converted so the cafe next door let's anyone in a chair or needing assistance use theirs. This is common. The city is super stingy about toilet use, but if you have a chair you can use employee only toilets etc.
So cute. My fatty sees a chip, even hears a chip bag, and will grab it from you and crunch under a chair. Greedy bastard. He loves nacho doritos the best, but has eaten cheetos, corn chips, jalapeno chips, fritos, hes just likes chips. So, we are on a no chip diet in my house. Kitty isn't fat, but he's old, so we want to make sure his diet is good. He stole a pepperoni from my pizza last week. You look away one second, boom, geriatric cat grabs meat and runs like a kitten under the chair.
You are way too nice to that adorable kitty. Mine is sitting in the box for assholes. He's smiling like he won a prize. (It does have a very soft blanket in it). Younger kitty is in choochoo box for idiots. We drive him around in it on the floor and he has yet to figure out which box doesn't get moved. (2 boxes are not yet labeled)
You have such a great concept of her hair! Very proud!
Pretty much yes. Mace is illegal in many places. Pepper spray's ugly older sister. It's just pepper powder in a can with liquid. You have to be 18 to buy it. Similar to spray paint and other items. Guns are also readily accessible to purchase, but you take a test, fill out forms, and register. Or buy from someone illegally. Fire works, literally explosives, can be bought in many places, and cause fires and many idiot injuries. But then again I can't get a menthol cigarette in the tricounty area.
One of my favorite films. And really iconic because it wasn't really touched upon in film at the time. And the butch dad was still loving. I really liked that part. There was an audrey Hepburn film about her being a gay teacher that was wonderfully sad. But it touched upon so many things. Like, having to say, oh they are just good friends who live together. I think my father's generation really didn't care about sexuality. It was friend or not. So, he just said, these are my friends, not gay, just friends. He would be 85 this year and loved all of my friends gay or straight. Taught us how to fix cars, bbq, program, whatever. His flaw was not liking gypsies. But not mean, just ignoring them.
True, but you can still kick out asshats. It's a matter of customer abuse to employees, vs people who need accommodation. I will never work retail or food service again, because it's a job that is highly abusive. I have minor PTSD and jump at loud noises and being touched from 8 years of bullshit jobs. I'm lucky to be in a lab, by myself, with my work. My boss knocks on the door so I don't jump. Not a pussy, just a bit off from crazy people.
With proper diet and regular walks they are fine. High energy dogs usually.
That's why I'm in pathology. We get air con. My anthropology degree got me the job though.
Hey, that sounds okay! I measure butt stuff. Gotta make sure old people don't have cancer. I love my job. It's quiet, my own hours, and last week I got a biopsy that looked like calamari. Like purple even. I measured, weight, and sampled, and keep the best care. Fish head measuring party sounds fun. Can I moonlight doing this if I have certificates in gross anatomy?
:( I loved working at a bakery. The smell, the bread, I got to decorate cakes. Then again I was 16 and 4am was whatever. Plus I has a bit of a croissant addiction and I got to take all the day old ones I wanted. Those tiny crispy french yummy ones. And I had mad arm strength for swimming team from dough and machines. Still dream about swiss german bread.
My groomer is an angel and loves her job. She is dog whisperer. She just tells them what to do and they see her eyes and do it. It's uncanny. She does it with humans too. You ever try to groom a Lhasa apso? I paid $60 a month because devil baby, and I watched, my dog just went limp and enjoyed a bath and trim.
Listen to bloodhound gang. Foxtrot uniform Charlie kilo. You get both synonyms. Squish mitten and meat hammer are my comic favorites.
You should see the tech industry. Jesus, I was like the virgin Mary there. I had no idea about the drugs and stuff. I was like, why is everyone so peppy and working so well? I still did well, but the drinking culture was too much. Without knowing about the drugs.
Mad love for you and your colleagues. My kitty is a jerk, but when he got sick he was very good and purred on my awesome vet. She's a damn angel. Sure he pissed himself on the way out, but I cleaned him up and he's just fine. They sent us a card after our dog died. So I sent flowers, because you all are real mvps. PSA send a nice card or something to your vet.
Dentists are awesome and are the nicest people. I worked with them for 15 years. All the love. If you can, the ada has volunteer stuff for local and state care. Cda (California) does two huge events each year. You don't need to be in the industry. You can stuff bags, clean, and transport stuff. Seeing the smiles on people's faces brings tears to your eyes.
I found it kind of soothing. Only did one batch, but I guess I was good at it. I'm not a stoner, it was just a favor for a friend. 7 hours. I like plants. I talked to them. I guess music and TV helped.
Okay, I can agree. My husband is the angriest bartender. When he comes home he just wants to snuggle a kitty and watch car videos. The only good part is his dive bar gig where he can yell at people. The fancy job is stress life. But $900 bottle of wine means good tip.
She must hate scarves too. Any excuse. Be in -16f, think she will change her mind on face cover? Sounds like a person who argues helmet laws too.
Oooh. Switch porn. I feel powerful when I turn on my lab station. Two wall switches and 4 lights and fan things and a cute fan knob. Now if only I could get air con. :/
That's my cat's name, and he's a bitch. I guess that's his full name now. My other cat's middle name is Judas, so he's covered.
It puts the rumble pack on the tummy or it gets the bites again.
My bigass kitty loves face tummy and gently curls around my head and purrs. He's 20 pounds of muscle. He could murder me. But his tummy smells like sunshine and clean laundry and I laugh in the face of danger.
I'm ok with cats. They keep out pests. Mice like to snuggle in things they shouldn't. Spiders are good to keep out moths. But museums should be clean. The scary cops bother me. Museum cops. Don't get your nose too close to art. I have violated that rule many times. "Ahem, ma'am, please stay at least 12 to 16 inches from the art at all times". Me: but I want to see tool marks and brushstrokes. :(
Well, they kinda did...a lot of artifacts were abroad for decaded. So being in Egypt is close enough. And unless you make his tomb a vault, it would be stolen in 3 seconds.
This was the answer I needed. I'm from the Caucasus original, now america, and white as hell, but I drink like a fish, smoke like a chimney, and my favored clothing is a tank top with Jeans. I'm tall for a girl and have a very bearded tall boyfriend. Like the bounty paper towel guy. All I want is to see the museums and whatever local things are recommend. Also food. But I just don't like their government much, then again mine sucks too.
Akhenaten was my jam. His art and history is amazing. I love hatshepsut too. Russia has a mad crazy middle kingdom exhibit in the hermitage that you never see anywhere else. It is tiny but amazing. I also got to touch a stone sarcophagus. The lady working there saw me and we talked about my school in anthropology and let me touch it to feel the stone and how it stayed cold and dry.
I have a jar stolen from a museum and used as an ammunition holder from ww2. I asked if they wanted it back and they said no. It had holes to put on a belt and a dent. So, it lives in my kitchen. It's a word I forget, small metal work with colored stone and resin type art? Floral. It's very pretty but damaged. Note: my grandmother found it in Poland on a dead guy and used it as a water jar while getting out of Poland. The one on the right is the one from ww2, or 1, she didn't speak english to me, she was born in 1908. The one on the rleft is not old, not sure where it came from, granny was crazy. https://imgur.com/a/Jr6Kktz
Awwww! That's really funny. Love your kitty. Russian blue? I can't eat icecream so kitty has not tried it. I'm scared to test this because my other cat is a garbage can and eats leftover vegetables, noodles, questionable crumbs, spiders, and anything not attended. Oh and snakes. He ate a small garden snake when we lived where he had safe outdoor time.
Oh man, my husband snores like a chainsaw, so it's a fight to go to sleep first. I'm not prego, but our tiny couch becomes a lot more comfy when he's snoring. The cats follow me so I'm not alone. I'd kill for that man to get a cpap machine but he's stubborn like an angry honey badger. Last night he was a bit tipsy and asked if I was going to kill him in his sleep. Sweety, you got 100 pounds on me, don't roll over on me or i might get smooshed. Hence cats sleeping on my side. No step on cat.
Well, it's true. Most stuff was made for average sized people based on 1960s numbers. So, if you're small you get more, usually a bonus, if you're tall it's like oh, ok, I'll just look ridiculous. Ps, thank you all pant brands who make 28x36 and longer for my taller girls, My ankles thank you. Years of the joke: expecting a flood?
Omg, my best friend is 6'4" and his counters are amazing. Custom like an island or bar height. I'm like, dude, I will so do the dishes. He doesn't mess around, big California king size bed. I sent him xxl large sheets for his birthday. I'm just tall for a girl, but the struggle is real. He's skinny too, so pants are hard. The year before I found extra long soft pjs pants for him. People think we are Norwegian or something as he's blond and I'm pale with green eyes. We are the dynamic duo of shenanigans. Omg, and hugs with tall people? The best, no bending down. Per his quote. Tall girl hugs rule. Waiting till I can travel to hug him.
Omg, lol. I get, why is the sink always wet? Me: It's made for ants!! His reply, I wash my face in the shower, the sink is too low. Tall girl problems. I have a dry the sink towel now. Oh god, short toilets. Like falling down. If I get rich, I'm lifting my toilet and my showerhead.
Concerts I get a flock of small girls around me at mosh pits. I'm a girl so I look safe. I definitely wouldn't trade my tall. But pants are hard to find without spending $100. I also get seated with children with no parents on planes. This confuses me. Maybe a nice thing for my grasshopper legs? I did watch frozen with a wee south african girl last flight.
R/tall it's a great sub
I'm tall enough as it is. Almost 6 foot. Heels are only if I bounce at a club. Heels are scary for some tall girls because if you fall it's way farther. I stick to cowboy boots and umm fuzzy snow boots(?) The soft ones with super comfy soles. I'm cursed with very small feet for height. America size 7 women's.
If you are really nice to the staff and there is an open front row seat (not business, just the front with about 6 extra inches behind business or first) you can get a hook up. Just be polite and ask, if no one is in that row after boarding can you move.
I got one of those spinny doctor stool chairs. It goes up higher than normal and my desk is bar height. It has helped a lot. From my arm not working to feeling okay. Note: arm stops working, not fun. Get an MRI. Now I have arthritis. Thanks chairs.
Feel ya. I'm built like redneck barbie. Tall, skinny, and boobs. Oh and feet that belong on a child. My foot surface area is sad. Falling down is not fun. I get the eat a burger a lot. Bro, I love burgers. Having a neuro disorder doesn't help because spacial awareness is hard and my pants hit door knob things. But I guess being tall and thin ain't half bad. I can get stuff off the top shelf and put up Christmas lights. I fucking love Christmas lights.
Find something in your length and find a good tailor to get fit. Doesn't work on jeans, but dress pants is great. My sister's husband and I both wear around 28x35(or 36) and she's got the hookup for cheap good tailors. My current favorite Jean is tavernetti. I dont know if they do men's sizes, but the women's sizes are true to measure and make my old butt look good.
Yeah, I want to go, know a friend there, and have a Male travel companion, but I'll wait for more rights fir women and poor before I visit. My heart cant take much anymore. Russia was hard with gypsies and homeless. I hope they do a virtual tour. I still have my Howard Carter color cell book from my dad. And been able to see the last 3 tut tours in the USA. I guess my one question is, when is it not hot? I have a disease that I'm not supposed to get too hot. Oooh, and what is the most popular car? Mexico is vw and toyota.
I love this. Mine was at a bakery. Well you get 16f me or my angry drunk German boss. You choose. I know more about bread and chocolate than freaking willie Wonka.
Awww. I'm so happy for you and kitties. My older cat still hates the 'baby' who is 7 now. They get separated everything. Fortunately we have 2 laps, 2 kitty beds and poop boxes, and they do eat together but two bowls. They whack each other on the head, young cat bites his brother, old cat uses claws for slaps. Cat tower is for young cat to destress, couch and under the table is for old cat. He chills in the shower too. Time out is rolling young cat in a purrito and making him watch bad movies. Old cat gets so jealous he wants to sit on young cat.
Sometimes you have to clip bunny teeth if they can't shave them down proper. That is scary. I rather give a bear a butt thermometer.
I'm impressed he does not say no to anything.
He likes dudes. I'm just the girl he likes to bitch about stuff and watch action movies with.
Shhhhh. I'm California now. I have taken up the hippy life.
