and like all fandoms it fucking sucks and i hate it
&gt;Is your serious position that socialism won't benefit the majority of americans Proper compensation for third-world workers would mandate that prices go up for the goods they produce. Even in a system where billionaire business-owners have been taken out of the equation, it would reduce the standard of living for a country that is built on the backs of cheap foreign labor. It's not the end of the world and overall everything would be better, but let's not pretend that capitalism hasn't done anything for Americans. &gt; that's the most hopeless position I've ever heard of "Socialism is only possible if it benefits only Americans, and the more it benefits only Americans the more socialist it is."
A worker-owned company is a form of democracy (as opposed to an autocratic traditional company, where the owner dictates things to the workers without feedback). Leftists won an election in Chile and the United States helped overthrow it. A Marxist party has consistently won elections in Kerala, India, which has the highest human development index in the country by far. Maoists in Nepal won their civil war against the old monarchy and instituted the country's current democratic system, and they win elections pretty handily. There's plenty of examples of leftist democracies, just as there's plenty of examples of capitalists propping up autocracies in order to continue making a profit.
That's kind of spurious. How would one measure that? I can find a lot of photos and stories from the past about people being very angry about something like "race-mixing" or "gay people being allowed to exist" or "people opposing the Vietnam War". So in those situations what's the "look at the good stuff I'm doing" inverse of that sort of thing? In short: what proof do you have that people used to be less about opposing things they disliked and more about supporting things they liked?
&gt;The Guevara shirt is an especially nice touch. I mean, literally everyone who lives in America is in that same position. But some of them are saying it's bad and should be changed, and others are indulging in it without remorse or any desire to change things.
Podcasts are arguably even more parasocial than streams/LPs are, because at least with a stream you're seeing some other content or whatever. Podcasts are literally just people sitting around talking and you're there pretending you're friends with them. Hangin' out with my buds talking about Gorka! Ha ha, that Will, such a card.
&gt;A broke women You're assuming the woman is naturally attractive and doesn't need surgery or implants or fancy dresses to look good. A strangely common assumption. Are most of the women you know hot enough to pull this off? Do you think the average woman is able to land a bodybuilder boyfriend? &gt; Easily get laid within a hour I notice you didn't specify "by who". Yes, a moderately attractive woman could find some desperate troll to fuck her if she really wanted to. So what? What does this prove? You're talking about billionaires. You don't need to be a billionaire to get laid. It's not a good explanation for why billionaires exist.
&gt;labor isn't done without capital investment In our current system, sure. But there's absolutely alternatives to capital investment (government funding, worker ownership, mutualism) and there's not really any alternatives to labor (robots, which is what capitalists are pushing towards anyways). Investors facilitate our current economy and in return they are taking a substantially widening chunk out of it and hoarding it for their own usage. You might recall that this subreddit is about that very thing - young people disillusioned because it's getting harder and harder to "start from nothing". &gt;empathy is merely understanding the feelings It also means being sensitive to the feelings of others or vicariously experiencing their feelings. That is to say, if you can say that you genuinely do not care about people who are left in an untenable situation because their labor &amp; skill knowledge no longer has value, you lack the ability to put yourself in their shoes and empathize with their hardship. It is much harder to be a laborer than to be an investor. The investor reaps rewards from success, whereas the laborer mostly just maintains a standard paycheck. The investor suffers from failure, and so does the laborer - not through debt, but through losing their job and having to find a new one.
The point you're trying to make is that lust is easily sated for women and more difficult for men, therefore men have to work harder to sate their lust. I'm partly disagreeing with that statement, but I'm MOSTLY disagreeing with your belief that lust is the prime motivator of men seeking success. Lust is just part of ego. Ego is unisex. Until you tell me something that proves lust is the actual motivator there's no reason to think your claim is accurate.
&gt;That's still capital investment regardless who is doing it. A worker buys himself a machine that he uses for his labor. Would you consider that "capital investment", the same as if a rich person had bought a machine that he hired someone else to use at a fixed rate, and then reaped the rewards of it? &gt;I can fully be aware what's that like and not change my opinion or actions. I find it very difficult that you understand what any human emotion is like at this point. You seem to regard economics as a game and money as a form of point-scoring, rather than being actual things that have an effect on the lives and conditions of real human beings. You have no concern about the fact that capitalism allows people who already have money to make exponentially more money with no effort on their part, while other people must submit to hazardous or body-destroying labor in order to break even. This system is fine to you because it's "fair", regardless of the actual imbalance in the consequences it creates. I am not an AI programmer and cannot teach you how or why you should respect human beings.
&gt;Central american union owned coffee companies have been expanding the middle classes in places like puerto rico (specifically here) for years. Of course they exist, I'm not doubting that, but if you are an average consumer you are looking at the product and reading a label that says "union made" or whatever, and you probably don't have time to confirm that it's made by an ACTUAL union and not just, say, a [company union](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Company_union). &gt;Resellers are also generally run by charities, most of which are admitedly sketchy. Yes, this is my point: you're not giving it to the company, you're giving it to...a DIFFERENT capitalist enterprise. Dollar Stores and stores like Big Lots are usually resellers (they get stuff that didn't sell elsewhere), it doesn't make their goods more ethical. It's just a capitalist middleman. &gt;Reuse also reduces the amount of material consumed, helping the environment. I mean, okay, sure, but recycling doesn't somehow make it "not made by slave labor". If that's what you're concerned about then shifting to "it's better for the environment" seems disingenuous. &gt;while my computer is new (and yes I do feel guilty about that), Its a previous model so I got some of the companies overflow stock for way cheap. So you justify getting an exploitative good because it was beneficial for you, personally, to do so? How is that different? I'm not saying you're wrong to do so, but if you're going to point fingers you should remember who you are. I agree with the general idea that people should generally try to support union businesses or worker-owned businesses, and of course I support the idea that people should consume less. But the resellers thing, economically, seems pretty short-sighted. You're still buying goods made by cheap labor, you're just doing it indirectly (and more cheaply, to boot). It would be better to spend more money on union-made or co-op-made goods that are more expensive but fairly compensated, and then to stretch out those goods as much as you can to make up for the cost. And then, beyond that, just understand the limitations that people are working with even as they try to make moral decisions about what they're buying.
&gt; large enough that each of its subdivisions acts like a country in and of itself. Yes, and the weakness in this argument is that many of those subdivisions were created arbitrarily by the federal government in response to makeshift governments created by settlers, whose claim to the land was based on theft done by...the federal government. For example, the Dakota territory exists because of the Yankton Treaty, in which the federal government took land from the Sioux who lived there. White settlers then moved onto that land legally, and eventually formed the basis of the new territory. This is not even remotely similar to the 13 colonies situation, where pre-existing governments entered an arrangement hinged on the idea that their individual autonomy would be respected. &gt; Any politics that were involved in their creation are long gone, and they’ve all developed unique identities since then. Alternately, those states persist because of the unequal power they were ceded at their creation being a major impediment for actually DOING anything about that unequal power. That is how power works, as it turns out: a key part of keeping power is being powerful in the first place. &gt; California gets 20x more representation than Wyoming, for example. Not in the Senate. Also, yes, California has roughly 20x the number of electoral votes, but it also has *68*x the population. &gt; I’m not saying that I want every voting area to be politically homogeneous. They should, however, be similar in culture and industry so that they all have a common starting point in who they decide to vote for. Except that's still ridiculous. These "similarities" are usually an illusion. 49% of a population being radically different than the other 51% means that the 51% still controls the state. If you REALLY cared about this as an issue, then statistically speaking the best way to accomplish it would be to create city-states across the country. Why should liberal citygoers be beholden to the choices of rural voters? If the important thing is "similar culture" then why associate the city with the country at all?
&gt;Every person does have one vote. They all get counted equally towards the purpose of deciding how their state will cast its votes for president. Yes, that is to say, they do not have "one man one vote" for president, they have "one man one vote" for a completely pointless gatekeeping device whose only function is to ensure rural white states have a disproportionate representation in the process. Which part of this are you supposed to be disputing? &gt;The U.S. isn’t meant to be a perfect democracy. It’s meant to be a republic that represents every segment of its population. Except it doesn't, because one segment of its population is treated with greater reverence than the others. Also, yes, the United States is broken by design, because giving equal rights to everyone wasn't the point even though that's the myth people are taught. This does not somehow make it "not bad" or "not something that needs to change".
&gt;uninspiring, mass-produced experiences Of all the different kinds of leftists, I'm honestly surprised that the "capitalism is bad because it's SOULLESS, man" guys still exist. I thought you guys spiraled into oblivion after the mid-aughts.
My point is that leftists will still do it after the revolution (I mean, look what happened in the USSR - talk about being "constantly terrified to say the wrong thing to the wrong person"). It's a result of social mores and interpersonal difficulties, not just "capitalism".
&gt;there are infinite ways to get ahead economically provided you have the know how, and seeing as we live in a world where we have libraries at our fingertips "Everyone can become a millionaire because public libraries exist" is a statement I was not expecting to read today, but here it is nonetheless.
OP: I'm not a fan of Gunn's jokes, but what do you think about the fact that one of the people most vehemently going after him was [Mike Cernovich, a guy who has unironically advocated for rape in his past](https://www.thewrap.com/mike-cernovich-who-got-james-gunn-fired-over-rape-tweets-has-history-of-rape-tweets/)? I bring this up because the most common defense of Gunn was not that the jokes were okay or in good taste, but rather that the conservatives trying to bring him down were huge hypocrites that weren't acting in good faith. You could definitely say that some people were defending Gunn just because he's "on our side", but I think a lot of people were doing it primarily because of that.
There was an AMA a while back by a nurse who'd worked hard and used her money to buy a bunch of properties, thus generating $100k a year as a landlord. Someone in the replies told her she went from doing something useful that makes society better to basically just being a leech that takes without giving, and that's considered a success story. For all the demonization of laziness and sloth, the goal of every capitalist is to be in a position where they can make money without lifting a finger.
That's fair. It's good to have standards that you apply to everyone.
I didn't say anything about a certainty. I said that trying to connect economic success solely with the availability of libraries (and not economic stability, higher education, or business connections) is ridiculous.
&gt; unless the government section-8's everything not owned by its occupants Hmm... &gt; But even then, you'd have a landlord - the government. Yes, the point in that case is that the "landlord" is an institution with no motivation to extract as much wealth out of you as possible, because its mission is to keep people safe and happy instead of using them as a form of income. &gt; Housing/shelter is literally one of like 7 basic human needs. Yes, that is actually part of the problem. Everyone needs a home. That means that if you are a landlord, you are dealing with a property that everyone needs in order to live. Rules of supply &amp; demand don't matter when you are dealing with an item that is basically mandatory for normal existence. The fact that landlords make big reliable money on renting apartments should tell you something about how much they're extracting from their tenants.
&gt;She is managing properties People can do this themselves, look up housing cooperatives. &gt;employing lots of people I'm surprised to see this old line trotted out on this sub, of all places. Again: housing cooperatives employ maintenance people too. Anyone who spends money is "creating a job". &gt;She has chosen to put her collected wealth at risk She obviously doesn't think it's much of a risk if she's pulling in $100k without having to do any labor. Where do you think that money comes from, exactly?
Yes, that's the more traditional version of the meritocracy myth that I'm used to. At least you mention school, instead of just saying "libraries". But it's still heavily simplified and doesn't reflect the realities of, for example, being born into a family that's already deeply in debt and has very few ways to claw out of it.
&gt;More government will only enrich and consolidate power to the elite few and leaving less for the working class. If you think this &amp; support landlords, then LOL If you think this &amp; DON'T support landlords, then I accept your viewpoint &amp; think you should support housing cooperatives as an alternative.
&gt;Housing is a very taste-oriented market. Uh, maybe if you're above a certain threshold. There's plenty of people who just need a place where they can satisfy their basic needs, and they're being grossly overcharged for it. &gt;If you lived in a section 8 apartment block and suddenly won the lottery, would you not upgrade to at least a more luxurious/convenient apartment? "If you were on medicaid and suddenly won the lottery, would you not upgrade to a better plan and get some operations done that you wouldn't have gotten otherwise?" Also, the government would own the higher-end apartments too, and they'd still be cheaper than a private-owned one. [This is literally how the Soviet Union worked.](https://www.citylab.com/equity/2017/03/the-disappearing-mass-housing-of-the-soviet-union/518868/)
&gt;Despite the fact that many people lose their shirts financially renting property when their tenants trash the place, run into expensive rental property repairs, etc. If property ownership is so hazardous, landlords are free to turn their properties into housing cooperatives that would balance the risk. But they don't! Isn't that weird? It's almost like in most cases landlords make a huge amount of money for their investment.
&gt;And I seem to faintly recall that the USSR failed rather badly. And it's all because of their socialized housing! &gt;It's just perhaps you haven't been around the block enough times yet. Buddy, you're trying to tell me that housing generally works and people love being able to choose luxury housing. You're calling ME naive? It sounds like you've never been in a neighborhood where people made less than $50k a year. Maybe interact with a poor person once in your life and then try again. I used to be a conservative capitalist when I was a "naive idealist". I became a leftist because of *life experience* destroying the idiotic "market will sort things out" mentality I held.
When Marx talked about being alienated from one's labor he was not talking about how mass production makes things soulless, he was talking about how laborers are economically separated from the fruits of their labor. This is something that worker ownership would solve. It is not something that "tear down all the fast food places" would solve. That's why you dipshit lifestylists are never going to actually accomplish anything &amp; why I hoped you'd gone away.
&gt;Individual landlords account for over 75% of the industry But 47.8% of the total units. If you're talking about actual apartments and not just one house it says it's more likely to be a company.
&gt;You should give me all your money so I can give it away through a "cooperative". You should give ME all your money so I can give you something worth much less than its value that you need to survive! You're free to look elsewhere but guess what, everyone else is doing the same thing too because we all know you need it to survive. Welcome to the market, comrade!
&gt; That’s still a huge percentage for all these people to be making generalizations about every landlord being the virtual scum of the earth. "What about the people who rent out one house" isn't a compelling narrative, statistically or otherwise. It's a pointless diversion.
&gt; In liberals' greatest fantasies What about this is a "fantasy"? He's literally just saying "if our current set of senators and congresspeople were in a parliamentary system, here is how it would work". It's not like he's saying that IDEALLY the socdems and liberals would only make up 50% of the legislature, he's saying that RIGHT NOW they only make up 50% of the legislature.
Which member of our current senate or congress would you say is an anarchist or tankie?
I just want to pop in here to say that you've been yelling at people throughout this thread for pointing out that people will still want to eat meat even under a socialist system, and literally your only solution to this is "vat-grown meat" as if that's a workable solution on its own. How long do you think it will take to actually replace millions of beef cows with currently-not-efficient meat vats? The reality of the situation is that you will have to stop people from eating meat one way or another, and if that choice is not voluntary on their part they are going to get really mad about it. Getting around people's cultural hangups and selfish desires is basically 80% of politics. "Individual" action is the base of collective action. That is to say, when you have a bunch of individuals acting together, for similar reasons, you have collective action. It's extremely disheartening to watch someone be so fervent and purist about the "right" way to approach things and then reveal their personal solution is impossible science fiction. Maybe cool your jets just a tad instead of growing ever-more angry about how people "just don't get it".
Making an aesthetic appeal against capitalism is inherently ridiculous. All those bland, soulless products you hate are made because they appeal to the majority of the population. If they didn't, they wouldn't exist, because that's how markets work. "Our houses all look alike" because that is what most people want, and if they don't want that, they can buy a fancy designer house for way more. &gt; EA just makes the same, bland sports games year upon year Case in point: they do this because it reliably makes them money! Because sports games sell well! You have an Overwatch tag, and Overwatch is just about the most designed-by-committee game in the modern world! "Yeah sure we have a vague story, but mostly we're just hitting as many fetish points as possible for our horny fanbase." That's capitalism! Gamers love capitalism because they *love being fucking pandered to*, and the only reason they're revolting against it at all is because they think DLC is slightly overpriced.
&gt; Any dev that wanted to make a game with those kind of production values would have access to the means to do so. They would have access to 500 workers who are financially incentivized to work 80 hours a week so they can texture every inch of a map the size of Montana? That sounds unlikely.
If your main objection to capitalism is that it produces art you don't personally like you're not a socialist.
&gt;When your analytical framework begins and ends with the question; "how is X problematic?" everything tends to look like a problem. Firstly, that's a gross oversimplification of social justice analysis. Secondly, if you think it's bad to go around looking for problems, you shouldn't like Quillette either, because as mentioned they do the exact same thing. &gt;I don't see it as any different than the right wing need to fuel open-ended wars with no clear victory conditions. Weirdly, SJW "wars" haven't resulted in anyone dying, whereas right-wing wars have.
&gt;Imagine Dwarf Fortress + no limitation on budget and resources. What limits do you think Tarn Adams is working with, exactly? The "limitations" on Dwarf Fortress is that it's MUCH easier to render things through text than it is through graphics, and his focus is on simulationist fidelity, not on making it look nicer. Also, Tarn Adams is a singular madman carrying out his grand vision, which has been in development for sixteen years. Expecting most people to be like him is ridiculous. Is it really that hard to say "there will still be good games made under socialism, but they won't be as developed as they are currently because people will have less incentive to work on them to the amount they do under capitalism"? Like you can't admit even a single change for the worse? You hate capitalism but want to get the benefits of it when you switch to socialism. News flash: you get a lot of products for cheap because there's a worker who's been paid pennies to make up for the cost.
I mean, most socialists will say that markets are bad in general, so it's not exactly an unwarranted view of things. If socialism was perceived as being worker-owned businesses and cooperatives people would probably be more receptive to it.
&gt;No one is forcing you to buy the game! In this case they're right. Games are a luxury. The biggest problems with capitalism are that essentials like shelter and food and water are treated like luxuries, i.e. something you can count on "the market" to handle. You can opt out of buying a game, you can't opt out of buying food or paying rent. Watching people try to radicalize gamers by saying they won't have to pay for DLC or whatever is fucking embarrassing.
&gt;I resent the implication that I wouldn't be I make that implication because people are fighting so hard against it. There are certain products of capitalism that come about because owners are able to pressure workers into doing work that they wouldn't voluntarily do otherwise. AAA games come out at the rate they do because of the high-pressure environments in which they are made. &gt;Marvel's Spiderman for example, a AAA game with a big open world and high fidelity graphics but free from most AAA bullshit, wouldn't exist under socialism. What does "free from most AAA bullshit" mean? AAA bullshit is crunch time and overworking developers to meet quotas and deadlines. I doubt Spiderman was "free from that" in any meaningful sense. I assume you mean DLC and nickel-and-diming, but that affects the consumer (in a pretty petty way, all things considered!) more than it affects the real victims of AAA development. It is possible that socialist devs could voluntarily make a game of the scope and scale of Spiderman of their own accord, but it would take way longer and hit a lot more bumps in the road because every member of the team is a volunteer and not being guided by an authoritarian hand. Literally all this means is that a specific type of game will become less common (if it happens at all) under socialism and people are still fighting this basic fact.
It is literally what the thread everyone is praising was about: "Gaming will be better without capitalism" when most gamers' complaints about capitalism is that they have to pay $5 if they want extra content. For the most part gamers benefit from capitalism because it delivers them a market-tested product aimed at their shitty demographics. There's even a price ceiling ($60) that hasn't budged since the mid-90s! How much better can you get??
&gt; any system will have some sort of economy for distribution It is literally the opinion of many socialists that having an economy for distribution is itself the thing that causes the problems, and in many cases they are not wrong! Eco-socialist fixes for our planet usually rely on forcibly controlling an industry to prevent its growth and cutting off access to the items that it creates, because the market on its own cannot be trusted to stop those harmful practices from being done. How do you think the damage caused by cattle farming is going to be fixed under socialism? The answer is that socialism is going to force cattle farming to stop. There's not really a way around it. &gt; Exchanging shells for fish isn't the system that is destroying our planet. Overfishing happens because the market for fish is very large and the desire to make money is also very large, so yes, in a way, exchanging ANYTHING for fish is going to destroy the planets if the scale of trade is large enough. &gt; Capitalist Realism is a way more powerful force than I thought. The "powerful force" you're thinking of is that lots of people don't understand what capitalism and socialism mean, or what markets mean, or why bad ecological practices happen.
&gt;I'd imagine there'd be more communication between developer and consumer Why do you imagine this? The job of capital is to ENSURE that it is pandering to the consumer's desire, because that is the best way to make money. I mean be real here: you're saying that games would be better if *gamers* had more direct input in them? Have you heard gamers talk, like, at all? Step one would be to remove any woman with less than D-cup breasts. Step two would be lowering the age of consent. &gt;You're reading way too much in what was just a playful little thought. I certainly did, but it's the same theme throughout the rest of these threads: people don't actually know what "game development under socialism" would look like. They want the games to be just as good without making any sacrifices, and that's unrealistic. Gaming under socialism would have a lot more small projects and a lot more diversity, but assuming they'd just be plain "better" is silly.
Slower development would happen, yes. I was pointing out that even as you were saying "slower development would be fine" you were listing a feature that is reliant on capitalist development (open world design).
&gt; the material conditions that create the aesthetic ones As I said elsewhere: the Soviet Union housed millions of people by cranking out cheap but efficient apartment blocks, many of which exist still today. Material concerns are more important than aesthetic ones. Complaining about "ugly housing" is insanely petty when compared to every other type of housing issue, and basically sounds like a NIMBY argument instead of a socialist one.
&gt; Games launch with DLCs that are all but mandatory. Name one. No, seriously, name one game where the DLC is "all but mandatory". Give me an example of a game where your 100-hour gameplay experience is not possible without buying $40 worth of extra DLC. I genuinely have no idea what game you think you're talking about.
I played CK2 for 100 hours before they even put their first DLC out. Try again.
&gt; without a non-utopian vision of what "victory" looks like, radicals are always and everywhere setting themselves up for burn out and failure Yes, and the author's hypocritical failing is that his own vision of what "victory" looks like is just as ephemeral and vague and reactive as the SJWs he claims to oppose. Everything he accuses SJWs of is true of himself &amp; the publication he's writing for.
&gt; This must be that "left unity" thing I've heard so much about. I don't know what you're trying to say, since it seemed like you were saying that my views on socialism (which are based on reading &amp; experience) was somehow "capitalist realism" instead. If you're upset about disunity you should speak more clearly. It seems like you didn't mean (or expect) offense so I'll try to keep that in mind. &gt; this does not address how the things we ***do*** produce and consume get distributed and there will be a system for that, even if it's "wave your ID for a single item per citizen". It seems like your comment was complaining about the erroneous idea that capitalism = markets. I responded to this by pointing out that for many socialists, markets are still a problem even if you could technically have socialism without markets. "Ration tickets" are not markets, they're pretty much the opposite of it. Instead of having a system of supply and demand, you have government-set prices meant to fulfill a purpose such as controlling part of the economy or making sure everyone can afford a necessity. That is the opposite of a market. &gt; I'm trying to describe how the system of economics that is currently in control of the world is not the same as the concepts of basic exchange economics. I think YOU are missing MY point. Basic exchange economics is part of the problem. The problem with exchange economics is that if you don't include things like non-renewable resources into the formula, you end up with a situation where the environment is exploited to the point of destruction. This is the case whether the actors in that exchange are individual fisherman, faceless corporations, or worker cooperatives. As long as exploitation of the environment leads to profit, it's going to exist. Solving this problem requires the market to be heavily controlled, not a different kind of market. That is what I was trying to tell you. It doesn't matter if the fish are exchanged for shells or for paper, and it doesn't matter if the fish are harvested by a thousand individual fishermen or a thousand corporate fishermen or a thousand cooperative fishermen. The problem is the pursuit of profit, and therefore markets as a whole. &gt; Ultimately we're all just describing the symptoms of indoctrination but much like the word "fascist," indoctrination is just not taken seriously anymore even when used to describe exactly what it is. No, we're describing the symptoms of bad education. I don't ascribe the ignorance entirely to malicious action. I think people are ignorant about socialism because socialists are very bad at describing it and (in some cases) very bad at understanding what it is.
&gt; i think the point is you could just NOT buy the game, save the 60, and not have to worry about the DLC at all. That's the opposite of the point being made. The point supposedly being made is that you do not get a "complete game" worth $60 unless you pay $40 for extra DLC. Ignoring the fact that "complete game" is a completely subjective term, there's not even any games I can think of where that's ever been treated as true. &gt; unfortunately that's ignoring the argument, which is what you're doing when it comes to predatory day-one DLCs. why do they even make day one DLCs? because people feel like its fucking necessary to buy them. That's a problem with gamer psychology, and not something socialism will solve. If you're going to try to radicalize gamers based on the fact that gamers can be bullied into spending money on content then you're going to have a really terrible revolution. Like, just pathetic. The worst, basically. You're trying to use something that YOU ADMIT is an optional luxury to convince people to overthrow our current economic system. Games aren't food or shelter or healthcare. Trying to pretend you can make people care enough about them to get involved with real-life violence is ridiculous. &amp;#x200B; Like I want you to genuinely imagine someone who is willing to die to avoid DLC.
Thank you for affirming my madness because watching people act like gamers will overthrow capitalism because they hate lootboxes is literally rotting my brain right now.
&gt;You seem very hung up on the term "markets," a term that I have not used a single time. Quote, "They literally think the exchange of goods and services for currency is "capitalism"", Unquote. The exchange of goods and services for currency is a market. Markets cause problems regardless of whether they're pre-capitalist, capitalist, or post-capitalist, which is why many socialists criticize markets altogether and not just "capitalist markets". &gt;Simply dissolving all markets overnight is excessively utopian The problems of capitalism that are being discussed are largely problems of markets in general. So yes, we will have to control the markets very heavily to fix those problems, if not getting rid of them altogether. Ironically I am a market socialist because I think it is the most feasible option, but many of the problems of capitalism will still exist under it and I don't deny that. A worker-owned company can implement shady practices just as much as a capitalist one, they're just directed at the consumer instead of at employees. &gt;The objective is to make what they consume and how they obtain it moral, to prevent hoarding and overacquisition Hoarding and overacquisition both predate capitalism, which was part of my point. Capitalism didn't invent either of those things. &gt;Same to you, friend. "No u" isn't really a cogent argument given the gist of what you've been arguing.
I know who Mark Fisher is. My point is that invoking him as part of this argument is ridiculous in the face of a much broader sort of ignorance. It's not propaganda that's doing it, it's objectively bad education.
&gt;Do you want me to start listing call of duty games where the matchmaking becomes dependent on map packs or what. That's it? That's your best shot? "Yes you still have a fully functional game but MATCHMAKING becomes slightly more difficult if you haven't purchased extra maps. That's basically the same as saying a game is totally broken if you don't spend extra money." &gt;And let’s not even bring up Korean mmos. The only people who play Korean MMOs already know it's a sport for paypigs. That's like saying that Findom is a form of exploitative capitalism. Exploitation is the entire reason anyone does it.
&gt;games with grind-y mechanics are exploiting our psychological reward system in the same way any addictive substance does People buy games to get a particular emotional response. People who buy grindy games are usually getting the emotional response they want (i.e. a Skinner Box that constantly rewards them and makes them feel like they are accomplishing things). &gt;the negative consequences of drug use don't really dissuade addicts Comparing video game psychology manipulation with literal foreign chemicals coursing through your brain sounds pretty absurd. I mean you might as well say that socialists are just as bad because we're addicted to outrage or whatever. Once you're at that level you can say pretty much anything you want and not have to fact-check it. And the point overall you should keep in mind is that you're comparing "bad video game practices" to, like, actual problems that people face that genuinely prevent them from living safe and healthy lives. You think anyone is going to overthrow capitalism because they were manipulated into buying lootboxes?
&gt; I went to shacks to make a point about the coercive nature of material conditions Yes, and we were talking about houses in America looking boring instead of being fancy, so it very clearly didn't fucking apply to the topic! Thanks for contributing! &gt; absolutely insufferable and pedantic I said that aesthetics weren't as important as functionality (and in many cases it's important to sacrifice the former to support the latter) and you said that means I was a fan of slums. Do you really want to throw out a word like "pedantic", you jackass?
&gt; people want to give the government, i.e. "representatives of the people" aka politicians, MORE control If we take away control from the government, then the people who bribe politicians don't even have to bother with it anymore because they can just seize power directly. Government institutions are heavily flawed but are theoretically answerable to the public, whereas all a corporation has to do is to be "the least-worst option". That's why the FDA and OSHA exist, because market pressures alone are clearly not enough to stop bad practices.
&gt; funnel the refugees to 1st world to create low wage debt slaves So you're saying you would be okay with refugees starving as long as they do it in their own countries, without negatively affecting the American worker? What a short-sighted and myopic worldview.
&gt;games as an artform Many people do not want games as an artform, and if they did they would buy indie products. Many people want the exact thing AAA games offer: a clean, polished product designed to appeal to their demographic. &gt;Make them see that what EA does for games, Nestle does for water and Pfizer does for medicine. Yeah, or, here's a thought: maybe those two things are more important and should be higher priority. Like really, if you tell a person what Pfizer does for medicine and they don't care, what makes you think they'll care about EA's business practices?
&gt;we let politicians decide when it's ok And those politicians were doing so based on recommendations from scientists, neurologists and psychologists. The human body does not become fully mentally developed as soon as puberty happens. There is an age of consent for sex for the same reason that there is an age of consent for drinking, driving, and voting: because a child should not be treated as capable of making those decisions. "But that's not the way we USED to do it" is not a scientific argument. Of course scientists also say that LGBT people are perfectly valid so I assume you're not in the practice of listening to them. Although if your standard is "it's been acceptable for thousands of years" then you shouldn't be allowed to complain about trans people, who have [also](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Muxe) existed for [thousands](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Two-spirit) of [years](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Kathoey).
political correctness is bad, but decorum...decorum is very good
if you start boiling down a defense for lolicon based on "no child was harmed" then you end up with libertarians arguing for CP scenarios where the child isn't harmed either. like if you take a nude photo of a baby, does the baby care?? and it's not like the baby knows people are jerking off to it so really is it that bad????
You said that the period is the market for when it should be considered societally acceptable for children to start having sex. The vast majority of scientists disagree with you. Furthermore, the standards you used to make your judgment ("it's okay because people did it in the past") contradicts your view on trans people being wrong or unnatural. You're wrong in pretty much every possible way.
&gt; Its iffy with israel as it is an ethnic nation. I mean, yes, Israel being an apartheid ethnostate is part of why people are so opposed to it! But you still haven't made a case about why it should be ILLEGAL to boycott businesses. I mean think about that: making it illegal to boycott makes it *mandatory* to buy products from a business. It's the exact inverse of the "gay wedding cake" scenario, where you HAVE to buy from a business or else you're committing a hate crime. That's ridiculous and no one would accept it in any other circumstance. Your only counter-claim seems to be that BDS is influential, but which do you think is more influential: a private ideological group with a lot of moral pull, or the United States government? Which of those two groups do you think the First Amendment was designed to curb the power of?
&gt;That's like the point of the show, though. why do you think i stopped watching it &gt;there's a good amount of growth among the peripheral characters the last i saw every other character is in the same existential fakeout loop that bojack is in. seems like they're happy and going to learn a lesson, but things fall apart. it's almost as if that conflict is the core of the show &amp; actually resolving people's issues would mean there's no show left to make
Those are certainly good things, but if they do happen then we should take responsibility &amp; welcome refugees into our country (especially if it's our country that caused the problem) rather than viewing them as scabs or unfair competition.
&gt;people are getting radicalized from the most inane shit, why not gaming as well? Because for the most part gamers benefit from capitalism, and trying to convince them that micropayments = THE EVILS OF CAPITALISM isn't going to be enough to make any significant changes. THAT is gamer psychology: the psychology of a voluntarily selected subgroup of people who have based their identity around material consumption. This is the group of people you want to radicalize over $5 payments for extra shit. &gt;maybe you're trying to paint me out to be proposing something absurd, but it's not what i'm proposing at all. shame! If the only argument you have is "this could be a tipping point" then fuck off.
&gt;This is about as accurate as saying communism is a system where everyone tries to fuck their fellow man over so that the people higher up (ironically) don't kill them. It's actually about as objective as you can get. Capitalism is a system where private individuals own businesses and hire employees to do their work. The rest of it is just the natural extension of that. Whereas your description of communism doesn't actually describe any of the mechanisms in place, although it does seem to be your genuine understanding of what communism is. &gt;Greed is productive when people are forced to play by the rules. Isn't the entire point of your free-market focus that rules are bad? If you love rules being applied to free markets then you should have no problem with Social Democracy or Market Socialism. The problem with free markets being left to their own devices is that there ARE no rules, which means that some people do better than others and then have exponentially more power over the market than their competitors, which is where you get consortiums and monopolies from. &gt;Want examples? The US for most of its history. My dude, the history of the United States is full of robber barons and political corruption, where the fuck are you getting THIS insane idea from? Do you not remember why we had a Great Depression and why a social democratic New Deal was so popular afterwards? When the United States sent troops to shoot striking miners, was that "real capitalism" or was that "cronyism"? This claim is so ridiculous and uneducated that I can't imagine how I'm supposed to debate it seriously. &gt;when people are free, some are more successful than others. Just like not everyone can be LeBron James. Yeah except imagine LeBron James' basketball talent had nothing to do with how hard he trained and everything to do with how skilled he was already. Money in a capitalist system accumulates because you need to spend money to make money, so the more money you have, the easier it is to get ahead. That is why we are a society of billionaires dominating over half our nation's wealth as the rest of us struggle to break even. Furthermore, those people aren't necessary to society! [Human happiness maxes out at about $75k a year](https://www.cnbc.com/2017/11/20/how-much-money-you-need-to-be-happy-according-to-wealth-experts.html), which covers all the basic essentials of our psychology. Even factoring kids into that, that's still about $200k a year. That's the upper limit for a WORKER'S salary in this country. People who make more than that aren't doing so by their labor, they're doing so by owning companies and stock options. If you really want an economic system where people have to trade their labor and keep the engines of society going, you should be a market socialist, not a capitalist. And for God's sake, grow a backbone and don't buy the obviously fake line about "jealousy". People want a system where they have a voice and can't be drowned out by billionaires. That's not jealousy, that's democracy.
It describes every bad show that people think is deep because it's nihilistic.
A pretty normal one actually, although for a third time I am going to have to say that "nothing is resolved and nobody advances as a human" describes this subreddit pretty amazingly.
&gt;Trying to cure them of their beliefs is pointless because they have made a free choice to be stupid. This actually seems like an insanely bad way to convince people of anything: "I shouldn't bother trying to radicalize people because everyone freely chooses their ideology without any sort of evidence factoring into it."
The left's criticisms of Macron's government are not the same as the right's criticisms of Macron's government and supporting fascist critics because "technically the centrist government IS bad" is a waste of time.
&gt; insisting that people be politically correct all the time makes a portion of the population want to be politically incorrect to rebel against propriety. Conservatives have always had their own version of political correctness, which is why you can't say things like "the troops are sociopaths" or "America fucking sucks" without a bunch of snowflakes yelling at you for hurting their feelings. So basically this whole "people switch sides because they're offended by being told what to say" shit should even itself out.
&gt;What do you want? I want people to not cheer on the cops just because they took their uniforms off. It's not exactly an unreasonable demand.
No, short-sighted would be worrying about the "invaders" who are poorer and more desperate than you instead of the corporate leaders who already view you as disposable. Trying to divide up different types of poor people is stupid and if you're going to do that, you're less useful to me as an ally than they are. YOU are the one trying to destroy my future because you picked some random trait like "where you were born" and made it the most important part of your pathetic identity.
&gt;I oppose immigration because it harms others in my country. The most transparent lie in the world. Why do you only care about other people "in your country" and not people outside of it? It's arbitrary, random, and illogical. So the much more likely explanation is that you're lying and you only care about yourself. &gt;I don't whine about how criminals have it tough. Considering that (a) being "tough on crime" doesn't work, (b) there's a lot of "criminals" imprisoned for harmless crime, and (c) the US imprisons more people per capita than any other country, maybe you SHOULD start worrying about that. &gt;By and large they are criminals and conmen looking for an easy buck at our expense. Buddy if I was worried about "con men" I'd start with guys like you. I'd also start with guys like you if I was worried about people who were harmful to the fabric of society. You offer nothing. You GIVE nothing. All you do is rationalize injustice based on reasons that are fundamentally illogical. The best thing you could do for this country is shut the fuck up forever.
Because their countries are poor. That's why they should be helped, or their populations should be allowed to move to richer areas. If you love America so much, why don't you move to Detroit? There's barely even a reason to argue with you because you don't have a coherent morality, you just get mad at random things and pretend that counts. So I'm done humoring you.
&gt;Socialism is the science of dealing with the common weal. Communism is not Socialism. Marxism is not Socialism. The Marxians have stolen the term and confused its meaning. I shall take Socialism away from the Socialists. Socialism is an ancient Aryan, Germanic institution. Our German ancestors held certain lands in common. They cultivated the idea of the common weal. Marxism has no right to disguise itself as socialism. Socialism, unlike Marxism, does not repudiate private property. Unlike Marxism, it involves no negation of personality, and unlike Marxism, it is patriotic. We might have called ourselves the Liberal Party. We chose to call ourselves the National Socialists. We are not internationalists. Our socialism is national. We demand the fulfilment of the just claims of the productive classes by the state on the basis of race solidarity. To us state and race are one. Hitler himself, in 1923, said that his "socialism" had nothing in common with Marx and didn't represent the same principles.
Basic income is less a "solution" and more "the bare minimum we'd have to do to stop people dying in droves as a result of automation".
&gt;definitely no famines under mao I very clearly did not say "no famines under communist governments", I said that the famines existed before communism and stopped happening while the communists were in power. The last famine in China was in 1961 and they have not had one since then, even though before then it was very common. It's a pretty simple point.
&gt;one of the most fertile countries on earth And yet it had numerous famines throughout its existence. Almost as if that's a really silly thing to say. By the way if we're saying economic systems are bad for causing famines, which economic system controlled India during the 1800s and 1900s? Or Ireland in the 1800s? Was that "not real capitalism"?
You accused me of saying there weren't famines under Mao. That was factually incorrect. You then moved on to "obviously stopping famines isn't that big a deal because China is fertile." THAT was factually incorrect. Hopefully at some point you'll make an actual point that has something to do with reality but I guess I'll never know because I'm done humoring you.
&gt; I guess I got their brand of socialism mixed with Hitler’s brand. To be fair that was intentional on the Nazis' part. They did it on purpose because "socialism" was a good brand at the time, which is why Hitler said in that quote that he was "reclaiming" it from the Marxists. That's why so many Marxist Socialists are adamant about reminding people that no, Hitler wasn't actually a "socialist", he was an opportunist.
&gt;They think you should be able to decide what happens to your wealth after you die. I mean people are acting like conservatives are inconsistent, but this is literally it. Estate Tax is "stealing from someone who did hard work". In my opinion it's a much safer line of attack to just challenge the idea that owning stocks or property should count as "work" in the first place.
I mean if your argument is that Rojava is just as valid as Colonial America was...
&gt; the lecture had no quantitative data at all OK, let's start with this as your main complaint: the sociological ideas you've encountered did not make use of quantitative data, and thus probably did not adhere to the scientific method. If that was the case for all of sociology, then the statement "sociology is not a real science" would be justified. However, it seems obvious from some basic research that there ARE lots of sociological studies that use data, and there are many journals and articles about how to collect that data ethically. So unless all of those studies are actually based on nothing, your conclusion doesn't hold up. &gt;the premise was probably only true in New York City where the researcher was from and has not ever been my experience in Milwaukee or Chicago That's anecdotal data. &gt;the audience kept throwing out words like intersectionality that sound important but don't really explain anything Intersectionality does have a very clearly defined definition: it's the *intersection* of different identities and how different identities contribute to someone's place in society. For example, "all white people are privileged" is simplistic, because a white RICH person is different than a white POOR person, or a white STRAIGHT person is different than a white GAY person. Intersectionality means that all the components of your identity matter in relation to society. &gt;I realize my conclusion has a sample size of one bad lecture, but then I went out and bought a sociology text book. So now you have a sample size of one lecture and one book, neither of which it seems like you took particularly seriously. &gt; Is the whole world perpetually in conflict to the academic with no actual tangible steps for improving society? Solving a problem is not a requirement for something being a "science", only a consistent and coherent documentation of one's observations about the phenomena in question. With that said, again, there are many sociologists who offer solutions for specific problems. Whether or not you agree with their conclusions is a different matter, but again, it's obvious that there are people who have written things that follow your guidelines for "real science".
shut da fuck up
im going to hold a vote and if everyone tells you to shut da fuck up den you gotta shut da fuck up
&gt; What I don’t think is ok, is the range between them. Market Socialism. A network of worker-owned corporations, cooperatives and credit unions held together with government programs for the poor. Still some inequality based on skill level, but totally removing the "I was born a millionaire so I can just buy a company and reap rewards from it" angle. Everyone gets paid for the work they do. Although the idea that communism or socialism means "everyone gets paid the same" is itself pretty unfounded - there were wages of different levels in the Soviet Union, and even more radical ideas like labor vouchers (which would replace currency) still took into account variable value based on the difficulty of the labor.
&gt;that's more of a story convenience than anything I mean it's pretty important, you get an entire farm for free &amp; the entire reason you can live a "carefree rural life" is because you're not having to pay back the bank for your small business loans.
&gt; It was absolutely phenomenal in comparison. At no point in this description of the "superior" farm do you talk about the animals being able to roam freely or socialize or any of the other things that are generally accepted as making life tolerable. The implication is that they lived in a box for their entire lives but at the very least it was a very NICE box. Ethics aside, what you described is more a difference in business sense than anything else. The first farmer was bad at being a farmer. His animals died needlessly because he was careless and didn't think much about how to get the best results. The factory farmers, on the other hand, took the basic minimum of precautions to keep their investments secure. In NO WAY does that mean they were more moral, it just means that they were more careful. So you used a very extreme example of a bad farmer to make the other farmers seem more justified. In any case you did hit one of the ACTUAL problems with "ethical farming", which is that the consumer is not in a position to judge conditions apart from what the farm tells them on the packaging.
&gt; And rights are entirely a human concept designed primarily to sacrifise individual desires in order to protect a generalized population of humans. You seem like a person who would be arguing in favor of slavery back in the 1800s because "rights are an entirely human concept, therefore we shouldn't feel it's necessary to extend them to Africans". In the real world, people make decisions based on empathy. This is why we have pets, for example: if all we needed was "animal servants" we wouldn't invite them into our homes even if we don't need them (i.e. people have cats even though they don't need vermin exterminated). Extending that logic to farm animals, which are often as smart and cognizant as the animals we make into pets, isn't that unreasonable.
&gt; I didn't mention it because it wasn't a difference. It's one of the main things that separates factory farming from "free range" farming, and contributes heavily to its bad reputation, so it's weird not to mention it. Especially since your revised description still implies they couldn't go outside, [something that cows very clearly enjoy](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=huT5__BqY_U). Again: I'm sure the farmers you worked with *took care* of their cows, but that's not the same as actually trying to ensure they live happy lives. And inversely, I'm sure the free-range farmer you worked with was bad at *taking care of* his animals, but that doesn't change the fact that animals seem to be happier when they're allowed to go outside and have space to move.
&gt;That was told to me by the Chinese government That's kind of ironic - you're skeptical of single entities speaking for large groups, but you trust an institution that's well-known for social manipulation? Seems like arbitrary skepticism to me. &gt;Your defense of this being acceptable simply because it’s what many people do is an incredibly weak argument that is easily countered by the cliched parental response of “if all your friends were jumping off a bridge...” I'm not "defending" it, I'm saying that it's foolish &amp; inaccurate to try to ascribe specific conditions like narcissism because of it. &gt;If you believe that somehow being a man, woman, black, white, American, Canadian, Mac or PC user somehow gives you the authority to not only speak for behalf of that entire group but also TO KNOW well enough the thoughts of all within that group you have given yourself an ability and power that’s is not real. If you hang out with a large number of people who are similar to you, and you are talking to someone who does not do that, then you objectively have more experience with that group than the other person. That's how experience works. That's how knowledge in general works. You should still be careful about how broad your statements are, but if you say something like "IN MY EXPERIENCE, people in this group generally feel this way" there's nothing inaccurate about it. &gt;So, either people are narcissistic or simply do not fully understand the limitations of what they can and cannot know so they are delusional. "Narcissistic" and "delusional" are both terms with technical psychological meanings. I *gave* you the correct term to use - cognitive biases - and noted that everyone has them. "Everyone" in this case includes you. Your desire to label others by inaccurate terms despite being corrected might speak to your own cognitive biases. In short: what is your plan for dealing with a world where you can't make any judgments about people based on their group memberships?
&gt;Cows are excited by novelty and open spaces. Yes, that is the point, those are things that cows need to be happy. That's what the OP is concerned about with regards to factory farming. &gt;These were all cows that had never been on grass. It didn't impede their ability or desire to play. The grass itself isn't the point. The videos you linked were relatively large pens where the cows had the ability to move around, and the buildings were essentially open. I would say that's semi-acceptable conditions. People object to factory farming when they see scenes of cattle packed into tiny pens with no room to move. But the more room they have to explore &amp; play, the better their conditions can be considered.
&gt;Why would you judge someone based on their group memberships instead of who they are as individuals. That’s prejudice. Because people who have voluntarily associated themselves with a specific movement have done so for a limited set of reasons. If someone votes Republican I assume there is a logical reason for doing so, and the likelihood of it being "random" is very low. If you think it's wrong to draw conclusions from evidence I don't know how to help you. &gt;If you were found in a mental institution surrounded by others of similar condition we would not say that person has more experience and ability to accurately articulate their own conditions than the professionals treating them simply because they “hang out” with other deranged individuals. The irony of you saying that people should listen to psychological specialists instead of making their own deranged conclusions is not lost on me, considering... &gt;Also, cognitive bias is really just an expression of an underlying neuroses that could eventually manifest into a more megalomaniacal world view of you Please just admit you don't know what cognitive biases are. This is painful. &gt;some people went as far to say that anyone that disagrees with some of their views were brainwashed. Ultimately that’s where this cognitive biased way of thinking leads So you think it's wrong to make conclusions about large groups based on a few people's actions, but you ALSO think that the existence of cognitive biases proves that everyone is going to become a megalomaniac narcissist because of...GamerGate? &gt;it is a scary prospect that the echo chamber and perceived straw men/sock puppeting of the internet drives more and more people to "I hate it when people make sweeping conclusions about groups when they haven't interacted with every single member of them! These actions means that THE ENTIRE INTERNET is being driven to megalomania! No, I haven't interacted with every single person on the internet, why do you ask?"
&gt;How much "openness" is acceptable? Depends on the cow. At this point we're talking numbers more than we're talking intent. &gt;Are free ranging pets even better than housed pets? I would absolutely feel a moral necessity to have outdoor cats if it wasn't for the much more important issue that cats ruin the environment for fun. And dogs DO regularly get taken for walks, it's a pretty important part of dog ownership. As for other animals - well, vets will often remind rabbit owners that rabbits need space to explore and aren't happy just being in a cage for their entire lives. So it's basically the same complaint. Same thing for birds (especially intelligent ones like parrots or cockatoos). So it's not just cows that need to be treated with consideration when it comes to open spaces. The difference is that if you bring this up about pets most people would accept it, because pets are something you're supposed to treat with affection, whereas cows are not.
I mean if you're talking internal American issues, they absolutely do. The biggest "socialist talking point" in this country is that healthcare is too expensive. That is to say, we have healthcare, it's just too expensive to use (and if it has to be used, it can bankrupt you). So that's "failing to create a paradise", which is to say, it's looking at a moderate standard of living and expecting it to be higher. Now if you're talking about capitalism's effect on the third world, yes, it's more than that, but in the first world that is exactly what leftists are doing. And they're right to do so, which is why it's such a strange line of argument to say that the USSR shouldn't be criticized for its failures. If you want to defend the USSR, do it contextually ("they wanted to but there were obstacles") instead of the over-broad "you're just expecting too much, it can't be paradise".
&gt;The left has turned on their own, Sam Harris Yeah, we "kicked him out" because he was a militant who wanted to justify an immoral war (and torturing people) and also wasn't actually a leftist. [Wait, that sounds familiar.](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Benito_Mussolini#Expulsion_from_the_Italian_Socialist_Party) &gt;9 times out of 10, it's just a difference of opinion Opinions like "is it okay to profiteer off of people's misery" and "should we encourage men to be killers because of nature".
&gt;is not the same thing as the familiar and nebulous charge that left politics fail to achieve some kind of Utopia A "specific failure" of the USSR is that it did not raise the standard of living enough to compete with the West, and in addition engaged in a lot of restrictive practices to try to maintain its cultural identity. That's just talking about the 80s-era Soviet Union, nevermind all of Stalin's baggage. Acting like people's fears about communism are abstract and meaningless is untrue. They may have misconceptions that can be corrected (for example, the belief that Soviet communism means "everyone gets paid the same" instead of "everyone has a government job") but there are fears that people have that need to be assuaged rather than papered over. &gt;nobody ever expects capitalism to not be shit for at least some significant number of people yet socialism is deemed pointless if you can't draw people a comprehensive map to paradise Socialism is deemed pointless when the average standard of living in a socialist country is not superior to the average standard of living in a capitalist country. Again, that's not "paradise", it's just "better than capitalism". Not exactly a high bar to hurdle if you know how to do it. &gt;I never defended the USSR either Okay, well, I perceived someone saying that criticism of the USSR is unfair/unrealistic as "defending" them. Sorry if I erred.
If you don't like replies that undermine your shitty arguments don't make shitty arguments.
&gt; Republican third-party votes are a non-factor in this conversation. The "point" of this conversation is for you to whine about people who vote third party because they're RUINING THE ELECTION and THROWING THEIR VOTES AWAY. The only way to stop that would be to eliminate third party voting and doing so would balance itself out since conservative libertarians do the same thing as leftist greens. I mean other than that it's just you doing the boring centrist whining about people not voting right, and if you think that's an okay argument, have YOU forgotten what sub YOU'RE on?
&gt;stop being such a tiresome debate nerd You know what "tiresome" is? Me responding very clearly to the things you said and you going "uhh nuh that's not what i meant" and not clarifying as if you're going to get some kind of escape clause that makes your statement not insanely stupid. Go fuck yourself, honestly.
It's funny that your top comment got upvoted but then all the rest got downvoted despite saying the same things. The funny part is that I accept some positive things about the USSR but there's so many people eager to cover up their failures for no real gain.
Social Democracy is insanely easy to sell, it's got good numbers behind it, it's not particularly unreasonable, and it's not a major overhaul to society - just some programs to make life easier. Socialism, on the other hand, is about telling people to overthrow everything they know about their current lives and then refusing to explain the economic mechanics that would justify it because "how are WE supposed to know what the revolution will look like?"
Wow, you sure know a lot about cop infiltration tactics. That would explain a *lot*.
But your answer wasn't about reducing consumerism. You didn't address the issue of how fragile "letting one person own something and everyone else borrows it" is. It doesn't address your concerns about people mistreating other people's property. And the only way it WOULD address that concern would completely undermine the "anticonsumption" part of it. What was the point of this conversation?
&gt;At the very least, the Nurgle part is canon Oh, OK. I was going off the lore I knew, which is that "if you think deviant thoughts then SLAANESH WILL BURST THROUGH YOUR BRAIN" which sounds like it came right out of a Chick Tract.
Oh, sorry. Not sure why you came into the thread to talk about "coming up with solutions" for reducing consumption when my entire point was that the other person wasn't reducing consumption at all, though.
&gt;If I loan you my circular saw and you treat it like shit, guess who's not going to be borrowing my things again? So, yes, you admit that the property being used for the benefit of the community is at the discretion of a single owner. This is like arguing that autocracy is the best political system because the autocrat can simply CHOOSE to extend representative rights to the general population. You don't seem to have a plan for what happens when those rights are rescinded. It's almost as if putting power in the hands of a single individual is a bad idea! &gt;My point was simply and only that ownership models do not inherently increase or reduce consumption. Collective ownership does because private ownership, as you've demonstrated yourself, can be monopolized, thus requiring everyone to own their own products. "One person should own things and everyone else should borrow them" is not a plan! &gt;Those are not mutually exclusive. In this case they are because your plan for "respecting individual property" requires the increase of consumption. I don't know how many more times I can bring myself to say this same basic concept.
I don't know how many people say "you don't need ANY other people to be happy". It's scientifically true that the human brain needs social stimulation to maintain mental health. So people who say that are wrong. What I think people generally *do* argue is that you should be sincere and find friends who appreciate you for who you are, instead of lying to make people like you. Which is good advice if you are looking for validation in a relationship. If you have to lie about who you are in order to get into a relationship, then the relationship in question isn't going to disprove your feelings of worthlessness. Because you will still feel like the "real" you is worthless, and only the "fake" you is popular. You are never going to make *everyone* like you. It's better to find people who like you for who you are instead of pursuing a more generalized form of "popularity", if that popularity requires you to lie about yourself or misrepresent yourself. Don't think of popularity in terms of better or worse, more or less. Think of it in terms of compatible or incompatible. There are some people I get along with and some people I don't. Instead of berating myself for being less popular, I simply accept that some people share my values and interests, and other people don't. There is no reason to expect the latter group to like me, so why be bothered about it?
&gt;That is, wearing scanty, sexy outfit inside, around your boyfriend sends signals for sex. It's often a miscommunication that leads to these rapes, which are tenuous at best. No it doesn't. You know what sends a signal for sex? When a man asks a woman if she wants to have sex, and she says "yes" enthusiastically. Treating it as a "miscommunication" is incorrect. Anything besides enthusiastic consent is, wait for it, not consent. So if men take "dressing sexily" as a signal to proceed with sex even when the woman says no, then that's a problem with men, not a problem with women. And guess what that falls under? That's right, "teach men not to rape". &gt;If you're on a date, dressing sexily sends a much different signal than showing up in pajamas. If you're on a date, dressing sexily is a sign you *might* be interested, but it is not a guarantee, which is why verbal consent exists. What if the date goes poorly? Is the woman supposed to go change into a more modest outfit in order to signal her non-desire? &gt;Dave Chapelle put it best imo when he called it a "whore's uniform". But it's objectively not. First off, if it was a "whore's uniform" then that would validate asking for a price, not trying to get it for free. Second off, the number of non-prostitutes who dress scantily is by necessity larger than the number of prostitutes who do, simply because there's not that many prostitutes. So there is no actual material basis to this statement as a sign that dressing sexily leads to rape.
&gt;Have you been in a relationship? Yes, and I have sex when my fiancee verbally says she wants to have sex, not when I assume she wants it. We use *words* to communicate. Is that not how you do it? Whenever she puts on a tanktop, should I be assuming that she's ready for sex and tackle her to the ground despite her objections? Is that how you live your life, dude? &gt;The "price" is defined by how expensive the date is. I don't want to make an ad hominem statement here but if there's one person in this thread who could really use some lessons in feminism and how not to rape people I would say it is you.
&gt;Do you believe in majority rule in your own country or anywhere else? Do I believe in democracy? Yes. Do I believe that other regions should have democracy and representation? Yes. Do I believe there should be some established neutral safeguards to protect minority groups? Yes. Which of these things do you think is unpopular?
&gt;the bottom left corner of the political compass really REALLY loves to hate the top left corner Not to be crass but, you know, the top-left corner of the political compass jailed, purged, and executed a shitload of people in the bottom-left corner so I feel like there's a reason for their grievances. It seems bizarre to try to pretend their antipathy towards MLs is some kind of childish contrarianism instead of "hey, let's not work with the people who historically put us in camps". Especially when those people are still making excuses for the historical figures who did the purging, like a guy who says "Stalin wasn't perfect but he wasn't a MONSTER guys that's just Western Propaganda". Can you perhaps understand why someone might not trust that guy? Can you see why they might be wary about working with you when you're basically indicating to them that stabbing them in the back would be okay?
Why are you asking Syndies if they'd press the button? Literally anyone who isn't a fucking Nazi wouldn't press the button.
&gt; I don't understand why people are so down on waifu. "I don't get it, why do people think that a forum full of teenage boys talking about which historical politician they want to fuck is weird?"
I mean I guess it makes sense for people who like the Entente because all monarchists are really just incest roleplayers looking for an excuse to fuck their cousin, but for every other ideology it's pretty much nonsensical. Wow, look at this modest picture of a minor political figure from 70 years ago, I can't wait to bust a nut to *that!*
If I wanted to fuck my cousin I would have been born a Hapsburg and also I would have been born with the most nightmarishly broken body imaginable, and there would be people who look at me and say "THERE is the man who should determine the course of our society and our history".
&gt;Man you can't change human nature Jerking off to a modest portrait pic of a 70-years-dead politician is not "human nature". There's an internet full of real porn out there for God's sake.
Yeah I really like the "of all places". Weird, the insane supporters of an arch-conservative president think Jordan Peterson is good because he says racism isn't real. What a coincidence.
&gt; Reports preceding the fall of the Soviet Union are irrelevant "Get out of here with your facts and information, the USSR was doing a Holodomor for its entire experience and I don't care WHAT either Soviet records or the CIA say about it!" Hey by the way remember when [it turned out that British policy had led to the Bengal famine](https://www.theguardian.com/world/2019/mar/29/winston-churchill-policies-contributed-to-1943-bengal-famine-study)? Not that I'm a fan of Stalin but, like, objective facts? Data from studies? Kind of important, right?
&gt;most rich people worked for their wealth, especially considering that 70% of rich people waste their inhereted wealth by the second generation of inheritance. You still have to be smart and competent to manage inherited money. hows that boot taste OP PS [billionaires have the lowest chance of downward mobility of any economic class](https://www.brookings.edu/blog/social-mobility-memos/2013/09/30/the-case-for-downward-mobility/)
i mean that's the segment of "rich people" that controls the vast majority of our society's wealth so i feel like that's more important than any other group of rich people consider the following: a millionaire is a rich person. a billionaire is worth *1,000 times* what the millionaire is worth. they're both "rich" even though the gap between a billionaire and a millionaire is as large as the gap between a millionaire and a person with 1,000 dollars.
&gt;Being poor in America means you have a car, microwave, television and refrigerator. People often NEED cars to get to their jobs even if those jobs only pay $10 an hour. A refrigerator is often MANDATED for landlords to have in an apartment because it's completely unreasonable to expect otherwise ("you shouldn't have a way to store food" is a fucking bizarre thing to claim). Microwaves and televisions are consumer electronics and are very cheap in comparison to the cost of things like rent or healthcare, which are steadily going up. &gt;I used to live in a 400 square foot apartment with no dishwasher. I had a window a/c unit and a refrigerator and microwave. I was pretty poor. You know what I didn’t do? Have a fucking child. Okay so apart from the dishwasher you're talking about a living space that's about the same as what I live in now, at $20 an hour with benefits. And the dishwasher is the landlord's, not mine. In fact your apartment might have been slightly larger. &gt;You know what I didn’t do? Have a fucking child. Let's say I have a child and then my economic condition drops, perhaps because my partner separates from me (which is common). Please explain to me how best to dispose of said child so that it is no longer dragging down my finances. Would drowning be the best option? I have heard it said that it is a peaceful way to go and I care very much about my darling child.
&gt;Ask stupid questions, get stupid answers dumbass It wasn't a stupid question, it was a very common real-life scenario. Sometimes people have children when they are financially viable and then circumstances change. What should those people do with their children? &gt;What do you think is a more common scenario? People I’ve said living OUTSIDE THEIR MEANS, or what you’ve said? You're asking me what I think is more common: 1) Poor person buys a BMW, laughing at their starving child all the while. 2) A family is divorced or otherwise separated, leaving a single parent responsible for taking care of a child while also working a job. I'm not sure what planet you live on but yes, #2 is much more common. &gt;Oh cool you can come up with a scenario that fits outside of what I did, cool, but it doesn’t match the mainstream dumbass I find it very hard to believe that you know what "the mainstream" is, it seems like you have very little life experience since you think a sizable one-bedroom apartment is "poor" because you "only" have a window-based air conditioner.
&gt;Nah, I definitely have more life experience than you. Please explain your ignorance about apartments then. &gt;You’re scenario seems more like with women. [23% of children are raised by a single mother](https://www.census.gov/newsroom/press-releases/2016/cb16-192.html). You acted like this is an impossible scenario when it's basically a quarter of children in this country. &gt;And in that case, it’s them making a poor choice in a man. And now you're just moving goalposts. Weird how people here aren't taking your expert opinion seriously, almost as if you're being dishonest about poverty and everyone else recognizes it. But please just keep saying "it's their fault for being stupid, there's nothing wrong with our economic system" as if anyone is going to be convinced by your scintillating debate skills.
&gt; who doesn't hate libertarians? Leftists hate them for (a) allowing exploitative inequality via free-market solutions and (b) being pedophiles and it seems like conservatives are okay with both of those things so I'm not sure what the argument is.
Do you object to any other parades shutting down the major downtown roads or is it just the Pride parade that upsets you?
&gt; I’m just saying that if we take that community to be ONLY that, then it misses the reality and leaves other queer people out who might not fit those attributes quite as well. Okay so here are my observations of this thread, correct me if I'm wrong on any of this: 1: Your imperative for being upset about gay stereotypes is that you think it will create a false singular narrative about gay people. This is not an unreasonable concept and many people have talked about the dangers of stereotypes and a "single story". 2: You agree that it's okay if SOME people fall into those stereotypes because that's reflective of real life, you just have an issue with how common it is. Yet you admit you don't really know what the actual numbers are. 3: Despite this there is an orphaned concept in your title that you have not quite talked about - about it "\[hampering\] the effective incorporation and acceptance of LGBT people into society". I've looked at your OP and all your replies in this thread and yet I can't quite figure out where this is supposed to come in. What makes you believe that stereotypical behavior in particular will "hamper incorporation and acceptance"?
Okay so when you said: &gt;I.e. why should we stop our lives to let you put on a parade and prance around half naked when it's not what we want? You're now saying that this applies to ALL parades? If so, why mention "prancing around half naked" and "it's not what we want"? Because that sounds like it's a targeted statement aimed at the LGBT community in particular and not, like, the general concept of having a parade. &gt; Pride parades, pro-life parades, gun parades, etc. What about holiday parades? You know, the most common type of parade?
&gt;You're trying to flip the script on me by making what I said a blanket statement about all parades. You described a Pride parade being annoying because it infringes on your own life. I am asking you if you feel this way about EVERY parade or if you're homophobic. Rather than assuming the latter I am giving you a chance to explain yourself, although as mentioned your comments make it seem like you dislike gay people being in public, not just "gridlock".
&gt;I have an issue with gay "culture" trying to normalize things that are otherwise seen or felt as obscene. Then don't go to the parade. &gt;If a flamboyant gay guy gropes me, I can't speak up because it's homophobic. Uh yes you absolutely can maintain your boundaries and personal space. You're arguing that LGBT culture justifies sexual harassment and that's not the case. &gt;If a gay guy wears really revealing clothing I can't speak up because it's homophobic. If two gay guys conduct PDA in front of my children, I can't speak up because it's homophobic. Okay so do you get really upset about revealing clothing and PDA in any other circumstances or is it just for gay people? Also why did you bring your child to the gay pride parade if you don't like gay people? &gt;If that's the "culture" you're fighting for, then I don't want to assimilate. If your definition of "assimilating" means doing everything that you want them to do with no input of their own then you don't actually care about freedom of expression.
I don't get the point of that anecdote. Are you saying if you'd known he was gay because he acted like what you thought gay people were like, then this would have hampered your acceptance of him?
&gt; Can accusations of discrimination derail and undermine class struggle? Absolutely. You know what else can derail and undermine class struggle? Identity-based discrimination. Which is why it needs to be addressed. You act as if "class struggle" means not talking about identity politics, but there's a lot of minority groups who aren't going to ally themselves with privileged leftists who pay lip service to their issues but in practice only talk about class.
&gt;the only people who love liberal idpol Okay so now it's "liberal idpol" and not just "idpol"? As if you had to apply a modifier to make it clear which subtype of identity politics you were talking about? Also you're being really weird if you think black people don't care about their identity or about being represented politically. You're being even weirder if you think that well-off black people love class struggle.
&gt;liberal idpol as opposed to right wing idpol. there is no left wing idpol Okay so your definition of identity politics is what, exactly? &gt;black people care about class issues just like everyone else They also care about race issues. I don't get what the point of this attempted derail is because this is incredibly obvious and I can't imagine you think you're going to convince anyone that black people ONLY care about class.
"Post hog" is directed at one person, fat-shaming is bad because it causes collateral damage, e.g. there are perfectly decent fat people who do not deserve to be dragged down in a comparison to Meghan McCain.
&gt;it is not possible, however, for a political movement to prioritize multiple fundamental paradigms It is possible to have multiple priorities. If a movement can only focus on one thing at a time, what's the difference between a Socialist and a Nazbol? Both of them "prioritize class". What's different between them? A normal person would probably say that the difference is that socialists are internationalists and progressives whereas nazbols are nationalists and conservatives but that sounds like you'd have to prioritize multiple things in order to make that distinction. Genuine question here: who exactly do you think you're fooling?
&gt;He's saying that all people care about class. And you just said that there's black people that don't care about class. So one of you is wrong. Or, alternately, you were trying to make an anti-idpol point that you messed up and now you're trying to cover it up. &gt;I'm going a step further in saying that class struggle is a fight that everyone can unite in, against the common enemy. "Black people should just team up with working-class racists because capitalism is the real enemy" is a delusional statement and you *have* to know it. Pragmatically speaking, nobody is going to go out of their way to team up with a group of people that they think is going to turn on them as soon as the "common enemy" is defeated. And if you think that's an unreasonable sentiment why don't you ask the people who post here about "left unity" and teaming up with tankies.
&gt;Our class-similarity driving us to aid our friends across identitarian boundaries! Yes, except for the people who are antagonistic to those identities, such as racists, sexists, homophobes, transphobes, etc, correct? This has been established. So what you want is a "class first" movement that also makes sure to, you know, exclude people on the basis of a bunch of other identity-based concerns. Like, it's the politics of their identity that contribute to their inclusion of the movement. If you were truly anti-idpol you would let the racists and sexists in because non-class identity *shouldn't matter*. But you're not advocating for that. Why is that? &gt;I don't want there to be more [black / lgbt / female / indigenous / etc] among the ruling class - I want there to be no ruling class. Which "idpol socialists" are in favor of a more egalitarian capitalist class, exactly? I really feel like I'm getting into the guts of stupidpol right now because you genuinely have no idea what you're mad about. You're describing liberal identity politics, which is something that every socialist says is bad, but you're presenting yourself like an edgy contrarian and I'm sure you think of yourself as one too.
&gt;we're simply stating the obvious point that socialism is fundamentally class politics What's the difference between a socialist and a nazbol? If you have trouble you should go back to stupidpol because most of the users there are proud nazbols. Maybe you can find a real socialist in there to explain the other side, which includes internationalism, anti-racism, anti-sexism, etc. You know, the thing that prevents socialists from just being Tucker Carlson (a guy that it seems like stupidpol can't stop praising). &gt;this stance is non-controversial everywhere but the US lmao now you're just fucking with me. you can't be this dumb
&gt;No private house shall have its own running water unless all citizens have running water! Good idea: all citizens should have running water. Do you disagree with this sentiment? &gt;If you can afford your own vehicle - you are wildly affluent and will sequester the vehicle immediately!! I, and many other sociaists, would absolutely love a system where public transit was more viable. &gt;If you have money to pay for electricity you have money to pay for electricity for our less fortunate comrades in South America and Africa!! Yes, this too. You're not doing great at this, maybe if you actually understood anything about socialism you'd do better. You keep talking about redistribution as a threat, but here's the thing: if we "redistributed" our whole system, not only would life be a lot better for downtrodden developing-world citizens (something socialists support), it'd basically be better for the majority of first-world citizens too. This is because most of the wealth of our society is hoarded by billionaires. Therefore we would benefit from redistribution. Maybe read a book or watch a video about leftism that doesn't come from a furious right-wing pundit. Your ignorance is almost impressive in its thoroughness. Also, as an aside, what kind of fucking moron voluntarily spends his time bootlicking for billionaires? You know they're not going to pay you, right? What kind of capitalist are you to do that kind of shit for free?
First off this is way too long and reads like you're just trying to waste my time. But I have time to waste so I'll respond anyways. &gt;class identity should be considered in it's intersection with race, gender, lgbt status, etc You just described intersectionality, which is idpol, and more to the point is often demonized as "liberal idpol" by anti-idpol leftists. I mean you literally used the word "intersection" how did you not pick up on this? &gt;The metaphor I often come to is that class oppression is like the mythical hydra, and it's various heads are called "Racism", "Homophobia", "Mysoginy", and the like. If your struggle is only against one of these heads, then you are doomed to fail. However, if we recognize that we are all fighting against the same beast, then we can create a united front to meet it. Okay so why are you supporting the people who say we should only focus on one head ("class") and ignore the others? I don't know how many times I have to tell you that you don't know what you're talking about but here's one more for the pile: you don't know what you're talking about. &gt;think of that guy I know who is really active in the black power community, but is actually really problematic about lgbt issues if you get him alone and maybe pour a couple drinks into him. That guy isn't a socialist. Why are you talking about this hypothetical "black power only" guy in a discussion about idpol socialists? &gt;The folks who run the place would have some very strong words with them about the way he phrased that statement, and our potential ally would come away from the experience either explicitly barred from returning, or at least thinking of leftists as hostile and unwelcoming. First off, in my experience they would gently correct him, which is what you claim to want, so again, you're getting mad at a made-up thing. If he persisted in doing it once corrected (i.e. demonstrating that he doesn't care about the issue) then he might be ejected, which leads me to my next point: Imagine a mentally handicapped person who feels downtrodden by life and by society. He's treated like shit by everybody but he hears about this political ideology that's about accepting everyone. So he goes to a meeting and when he gets there people are great about class issues but refuse to stop using slurs that he personally feels are hurtful. And when he brings it up people tell him he's too sensitive and should get over it because his identity issues don't matter. Eventually he feels like an outcast and stops showing up. Is that somehow better than your scenario? Because i can tell you a variation of that has happened many times with regards to sex, race, and LGBT status. You think of this ostracism only in one direction - a "normal white man" getting kicked out for not being woke enough. Whereas stupidpol is the inverse - they'll kick people out for being too sensitive. If you genuinely care about being accepting instead of accusatory, (a) you're overexaggerating the number of cases like that, and (b) stupidpol's rejection of idpol is just as bad in the other direction. It's a really huge leap to say that idpol is bad because we should be more forgiving of newbies making mistakes. One more time: it's almost like...
"Telling people how to use their free time" is exactly what you're doing.
They didn't say "organized labor is reactionary" from what I saw, they said it *can* be, which is true. &gt;go off i guess, i hope your armchair is comfy Weirdly enough my real-life organizing has involved dealing with normal people who hold shitty beliefs and/or are not leftists so I'm not sure why you're so surprised about this. It's possible for someone to join a tenant's union without being a leftist, for example, because all you're doing is standing up for yourself alongside others. I'm not sure why this is controversial.
&gt;a nazbol engages in right-wing identity politics What, like "black people are too whiny" and "reverse racism is the real racism" and "bullying a queer person isn't that big a deal because what about straight oppression"? Wow, sounds like a bunch of things that stupidpol would say. &gt;we have almost no nazbols on stupidpol, you incomprehensibly stupid person. Going to ask this one again: who exactly do you think you're fooling? Like you know I've read stupidpol, right? &gt;on the subject of antiracism, you should read this article: https://link.springer.com/article/10.1007/s10624-017-9476-3 "We're not nazbols and we're not right-wingers, anyways please read this article about how racism isn't real anymore." If this is an irony gimmick account then bravo, if this is sincere then do everyone on the real left a favor and wall yourself up in a basement somewhere. I've given you more time than you deserve.
&gt;The people over there that say that are wrong. Okay well it's the majority of the subreddit's content so, you know, not sure what you're expecting here. You're clinging desperately to the idea that you "hate idpol" but in practice you support it, you just want it to be enforced less harshly. What is the point of this exercise?
&gt;I just oppose those who cling to it to the exclusion of class analysis, and those who use it as a bludgeon against those we should be welcoming And yet you have no concern for the people who cling to class analysis to the exclusion of other identities, even though it causes the same problem. &gt;perhaps the way I've seen idpol used is not as pervasive as it seems in my corner of the world Being exclusionary has nothing to do with "idpol" and in all your stories it's been a tangential concept. If you have a problem with people being elitist or snobbish or aggressive then just say that. None of the problems you've talked about are unique to idpol and there's a dozen other things that cause similar reactions in leftist circles, like being a socdem, or thinking that black representation is good even if capitalism is bad, or whatever else. You're singled in on this one idea ("idpol = exclusionary") and you're ignoring the actual facts.
ive got some "theory" for you to read \[slams down a 500-page tome called "the importance of shut the fuck up" by werner hoffner-slauben on the table\]
&gt;many western middle class socialists conveniently always want to redistribute someone else’s goods Yeah probably because the majority of wealth in our society is controlled by billionaires. If billionaires don't want to be targeted they should probably stop consolidating our society's productivity into the hands of a few spoiled oligarchs. Especially since, as you pointed out, regular people in the first world already live in luxury, so what's their excuse? &gt;you are actually far wealthier than the majority of the planet Yes, I know, I thought I made that abundantly clear. And yet despite this there are people on this planet who make 10,000x what I make and you - for no logical reason - are EAGER to protect them, for free, even though they offer you nothing in return. &gt;Meaning, you, yes, you dense mcfartlot, has plenty to redistribute. "dense mcfartlot"? Jesus, stop trying. I know you're having trouble dealing with new ideas so I'll give you some leeway but this is like early-2000s-level weak. You might as well call me a "fuckstick" or something. &gt;I’ll match whatever you want to redistribute. Put your money where you mouth is. We both equally give much net to a charity. What makes you think charity will solve this? If you want to put your money where your mouth is, vote to raise taxes. That will affect us both, thus fulfilling your conditions, and it's a systemic solution instead of a one-off payment. Like, for real, you don't get what socialism is, do you? This isn't rhetorical, it's a genuine question. I'm not a socialist because I want big billionaire man to write a check to Poor Starving People Incorporated, I want to redistribute wealth and the means of production so that the working class has *control* of society. Democratic workplaces, cooperation between different peoples, etc. Characterizing this as "charity" is banal and just shows you don't understand it. &gt;Of course capitalists want everyone to have running water, electricity and all the luxuries you fucking dingbat. The difference is how realistic it is to grow what is ultimately a limited resource and scale it to everyone. "I want everyone to have those things, unless they have no value to provide to the market, in which case they should die." Does that seem correct to you? If not, please provide evidence to the contrary - that market solutions have a systematic way to take care of people who don't have a way to offer value. If so, that sure sounds "evil" to me. &gt;The difference is how realistic it is to grow what is ultimately a limited resource and scale it to everyone. Clean water isn't really a limited resource, we waste *huge* amounts of it in order to make beer &amp; soda, for example. If we wanted to give everyone on the planet clean water &amp; food it would be a matter of distribution, not increasing production, because those resources already exist. It's just that capitalists won't provide them unless they get something in return. You know, because they're evil.
&gt;Alright $1000 bucks from both of us to donate clean water to an impoverished area. So you're going to keep pushing ahead with this even though it's not how redistribution works. I mean you know you're wrong, I know you're wrong, etc etc etc. I thought you might learn something but you seem determined not to. I'd take you more seriously if you got out on the street and campaigned for raising taxes instead of going for a paltry one-time payment. But you won't because you don't want to actually address systematic issues, you want to make a symbolic gesture that doesn't mean anything. If giving to charity was enough then socialists wouldn't have a problem with billionaires, would we? Think about it for more than, like, half a second, dude. But think about it on your own time because it's evident you're incapable of learning.
I got a message yesterday saying I was banned again. I don't know if that was before or after I was supposedly unbanned. In any case it doesn't matter because I have no interest in posting there.
&gt; This piece, most likely not written by a boomer, 1: Based on what evidence? 2: What content on this subreddit IS guaranteed to be created by boomers? Couldn't you argue that all the facebook posts are fake, etc? &gt; But this is boomer tears. Not things that trigger millenials. I deem you an honorary boomer because you were willing to get mad at millenials based on a charge that you didn't actually bother to prove, yet you were confident was indicative of a generational fault anyways.
&gt; Everything on the internet is fake. I mean, that's your argument - that this article about how millenials suck must not have had any boomers involved. If you're mad at spurious conclusions with no evidence behind them, start with your own. Also, one article being reposted twice was enough for you to make a petulant statement about how you're unsubscribing because of "triggered millenials", which is the exact kind of Boomer Statement this subreddit was designed to mock. If you're this mad about it I don't know why you posted here in the first place. &gt; It’s also cool how you think there are only two generations that use reddit. Again: too late to start pretending you're principled since you were apparently okay with this "boomers vs millenials" subreddit up until today.
&gt; share with family Sounds like you live with a bunch of commie moochers, cut these toxic influences out of your life like a real lobster would do.
&gt; Who are you gonna protest vote for if Bernie doesn't win this primary either? I intend to vote for Biden if he wins the primary. My question to you is: what are you going to do if Biden wins and runs a centrist-conservative government? When he's making concessions to conservatives and failing to push progressive policies, what are YOU going to do to hold him accountable? Do you have a plan besides "well, he's less worse so it's okay"?
&gt; Define this. He sits in the center of the American political spectrum, leaning rightwards. This is not news, it was known [even when Obama picked him as VP](https://www.nytimes.com/2008/08/24/us/politics/24biden.html). He [described himself](https://www.snopes.com/fact-check/joe-biden-civil-rights-quote/) as mostly conservative. He talks constantly about how [he wants the Republican party to get back on track](https://www.nytimes.com/2019/05/04/us/politics/biden-trump-republicans-2020.html) with Trump gone. He [praises bad-faith actors like Mitch McConnell](https://vimeo.com/20884103) and describes their relationship as "bipartisan compromise" even though McConnell had done basically everything he could to stonewall the Democrats and [made no pretense otherwise](https://www.politico.com/story/2010/10/the-gops-no-compromise-pledge-044311). I don't know how much evidence you need or if you'll even care about it. But Joe Biden as president will be a step BACK from Obama, not forward. If he genuinely wanted to "save the Republican party" it would be a smarter move to primary Trump (i.e. reaching out to all those supposed "reasonably Republicans"), but that's not what he's doing. What he's doing is forcing progressives to choose between a centrist and a fascist. Considering that billionaires like Howard Schultz have [threatened to split the vote](https://www.buzzfeednews.com/article/adamjayne/howard-schultz-wants-a-billionaires-veto) if Bernie Sanders wins the primary, it's not hard to connect a few dots: centrists would rather have a fascist in power than a socialist. For all the talk of Bernie supporters ruining Hillary's chances, in 2008 Hillary's primary voters switched to McCain much more than Bernie supporters switched to Trump. And yet weirdly we only ever hear about one kind of "spoiler". Let's say Bernie wins the primary but loses the general election: are you going to say that Biden supporters should have gotten in line, or are you going to say that Bernie was a bad candidate and America wasn't ready for socialism?
&gt;A LinkedIn search reveals zero Baby Boomer employees. They're Millennials. This is about as close as you get to actually answering my question but even then you didn't really. According to Wikipedia the company has three owners. Only one of them is on that LinkedIn Page: Martin Winter. Martin has owned the company since *1970*, when it initially launched as the Bristol Agency. This marks him as being most likely a Boomer, if he was in his 20s or 30s when this happened. I have seen a picture of him and the likelihood of him being older than that is small. I don't know if the other two are still involved but it makes sense that they would be the same age or older; they're certainly not Millenials since the company predates Millenials entirely. The CFO has 16 years of experience, the Editor has 12. They might be Millenials if their experience starts at age 18. But neither of those things means "owner". The owner is a Boomer. The owner dictates the policy of the business. And yes, I know what "hate attention" is. I imagine it's the only reason anyone ever talks to you.
I'm not sure how misrepresenting FDR's political record does anything about climate change. FDR created a compromise between economic concerns and maintaining stability, and [in doing so he swept the legs out from genuine socialists at the time](https://www.hoover.org/research/how-fdr-saved-capitalism). In academic circles this is not controversial in the least. Social Democracy is way better than conservativism or liberalism but it's not Socialism. Warren is just as much an heir to FDR as Sanders is, arguably moreso because she's explicitly said she wants to preserve capitalism, just like FDR did.
&gt; Nazi Germany Earth-10 &gt;the Soviet Union Red Son &gt; What if he had a really, really bad day and just snapped? Injustice &gt; Taliban-held Afghanistan Okay I'm pretty sure they haven't done this one yet. &gt; But the core of his argument has always been that you can’t trust someone with near-infinite power to always have your best interests at heart. The irony of this is that Lex's cartoonish mastery of superscience is effectively a superpower in its own right, which is to say, it is a product of genetic chance and not just "hard work" that makes him untouchable by the general population. In Red Son he effectively becomes his own "superman", albeit in a way that he can share with the general public. &gt;!His enhancements make humanity better and better, until in the end humanity is completely alien, but the sun is collapsing...and one lone baby is sent back in time to continue the survival of the human race.!&lt;
&gt;It basically says that even if you wash up on an island inhabited by a single fisherman, it is still morally wrong of you to take his fishing spear, or his fish, etc. and I agree. Theft is wrong even if there is no society or government to protect property rights. Saying "theft is wrong" is a reflection of your own culture; most people are morally okay with taxation as a necessary glue to keep society together. Therefore most people are okay with some form of theft. I know you said you believe in "moral facts" - I don't - but even casual observation shows that the majority of the population accepts this specific kind of theft as morally acceptable. Out of curiosity, where do you think objective morality derives from? That is to say, who or what dictates what "real" morality is? Also, let's flip the tables. Let's say you wash up on an island inhabited by a single fisherman. The fisherman says "If you want to live here you have to pay me part of the proceeds of whatever you collect, whether that's fish or fruit or animals. If you don't like it then leave. If you don't pay me I'll attack you, which I'm within my rights to do because it's my island and you'd be trespassing if you didn't fulfill my conditions for inhabiting it." The fisherman is the government. The washed-up sailor is the citizen. If you don't accept his taxes, you don't have a right to live on his property.
Lots of people latched onto the narrative that McDonalds intentionally cultivated because it lined up with their beliefs about society and how everyone's too soft and whiny nowadays. That is to say, McDonalds created the lie, and your "fucko middle manager" types ate it up because it reinforced their worldview.
&gt; We have the mindset to have to protect people from themselves. No, we have the mindset to protect people from accidents, which is *common sense*. Unless you want to start dismantling OSHA, the FDA, FMVSS, etc. It's not particularly controversial to say that the government should protect its citizens from unnecessary harm, and "my coffee cold now" is not a particularly compelling counterargument.
&gt;I didn't derive it from any religious text. Okay so when you say "stealing is objectively wrong because of God" where did you get that idea from? &gt;Ok, if a marxist view of value says that a person naturally has the right to things which they themselves create, then I currently think I agree with that. In that case almost all property in our society is illegitimate because almost all property is owned by someone who didn't create it. A capitalist buys property and machinery, and then hires people to use the machinery in order to create material. The people he hires are the ones who are "creating", yet it is the capitalist who has the property rights, and who pays the employees based on the profits he makes from selling the material he created. &gt;3: Claim or purchase uninhabited land which you need to sustain yourself. Are you allowed to own more land than you need to sustain yourself? Look at a modern farm. The modern farm is a large amount of land used to sustain many thousands of people, not just the people who work the farm. Is that morally acceptable? &gt;I think it is. But not a literalist view of it. Well, "literalist" or not, the bible is explicitly okay with slavery in many parts.
Right, I agree that Movie Magneto is a supremacist villain and I thought the other person was saying that Movie Magneto was a supremacist, which is why they were upset that people were saying he would be a hero. The comics are irrelevant to this discussion, which is my point.
&gt;"You shall not steal" If you read up on this it's actually heavily debated. Some people say that it actually means "you shall not kidnap" and there are previous parts of the bible that talk about the penalty for stealing, which in those cases is NOT the death penalty, but which is for the commandment version. So this seems like a really loose place to base your entire "objective morality" concept on. &gt;At this point we are talking at a societal level, not the individual one. You *have* to recognize that at this point your understanding of property rights is so alien to most people's understanding that you are not talking about the same thing as them anymore. Your argument is that morality is objective, that stealing is wrong, and therefore "natural property rights exist". But your understanding of property rights is so specific that it cannot possibly be considered "universal" or even "common". And yet you are trying to argue that it's *objectively true?* The fact that your belief goes against the entire foundation of our capitalist society should be a hint to you that it is not as "objective" as you think it is. &gt;Sure, interpretatively. It's as clear-cut as "you shall not steal", so why is that objective and not the other parts? It's starting to sound like you're interpreting the parts of the bible you agree with, which would make it subjective and not objective, since the objective Will of God has to be filtered through your own mortal understanding of His word.
&gt;Not really, do not steal is repeated in the Bible more than once. So is "it is okay to own slaves", often in the same parts as the "don't steal" laws are. Here's [Leviticus](https://www.biblegateway.com/passage/?search=Leviticus+25%3A44-46&amp;version=NIV). Here's [Deuteronomy](https://www.biblegateway.com/passage/?search=Deuteronomy+20%3A10-18&amp;version=NIV) saying it's right to enslave people who you have conquered (oh, and commit genocide on certain peoples, too). Here's [Timothy](https://www.biblegateway.com/passage/?search=1+Timothy+6%3A1-2&amp;version=NIV) saying that Christian slaves should remain obedient to their masters, especially if those masters are also Christian. How many more examples do I need to provide for you to accept that slavery is considered normal and acceptable within the Bible? &gt;I think it's pretty simple, and most people would agree. Naturally, people have a right to certain things such as the things they make, and legally they also have rights to land and such. Find me one legal document or widely supported religious text that agrees with you. At this point your argument is pure speculation with no evidence behind it. &gt;Are you saying that the capitalist system is that which decides what is objective and not? I am saying that your understanding of what is moral and what isn't is (a) based on your own highly skewed interpretation of the Bible, since there's nothing in the Bible that says working on property makes it yours by rights, and (b) not shared by the rest of society. You have two potential claims to morality and you are fulfilling neither of them. The end result of this entire conversation is that you're basing your view of "objective morality" on a document that was written in a foreign language by a mortal, translated by other mortals, and is now being interpreted by you, a mortal. And you don't even seem to have read the entire thing, which is certainly alarming considering how important it is to your view of morality.
&gt; the thing is, i am not a woman Sounds like something a woman would say. Are you sure you're not a chick, lady? I mean really, babe, you do sound kind of like a girl. &gt; If a i call a dude a dude because he is a dude before i even know that the dude prefers to be referred to as a dudet and then attacks me for it, that is threatening. Did you apologize for getting it wrong or did you go "fuck you, don't tell me what to call you"? Because if not you're just getting mad at people for not accepting your overt rudeness. If you think people telling you not to be a dick is "controlling your speech" then your speech has been controlled for your entire life, ma'am.
Are you going to vote for the people who want those "actual US citizens" to get free healthcare too, or are you going to vote for the people who won't do that, but WILL promise to take it away from the illegal immigrants?
&gt; Lol did I say that? You're mad at the idea of someone coming into this country to make below minimum wage. This implies that you're okay with them making even LESS than that in their home countries, which are often incredibly violent as well. So yes, the alternative is often death, by one means or another. People aren't coming here and getting $3 an hour to pick tomatoes because their life is in order, they're doing it because they're desperate.
&gt; These absurdist questions you're posing suggests you have extremely warped views of what the political right thinks. Interracial marriage was completely unthinkable 70-odd years ago, which is within living memory. [9% of the country still thinks it's a bad thing](https://www.pewsocialtrends.org/2017/05/18/2-public-views-on-intermarriage/) \- 12% of Republicans and 6% of Democrats.
&gt;If they’re coming here to make money, they’re economic migrants and they should be treated as such. Money is necessary to survive. If you don't have money you don't have access to the resources you need to live, so you die. Personally, I don't know about you, but I don't like the idea of people dying needlessly no matter where they live.
The accusation is that illegal immigrants are being given free healthcare that citizens don't have access to. That statement is objectively false: both citizens and non-citizens have access to the healthcare *in that region*. Citizens have access to it. Just not citizens outside the region. Therefore, citizenship is irrelevant to whether or not you have access to that particular medicaid program. Characterizing it as preferential treatment is incorrect.
The socialist argument is that social democracy offers some support for the working class, but does not significantly address the owner class. The owner class continues to hold most of society's power, and can use that power to attack reforms, gerrymander elections, and generally manipulate democracy in such a way that they eventually regain their old power. The socialist says that society cannot be considered "safe" until powerful people like that have been removed from power, that is to say, not merely voted out of office, but stripped of the properties that give them the ability to interfere in the first place.
&gt;It's better to get ahead of the curve and define socialism in the terms you want it to be defined. Now when Trump calls Sanders a socialist, his attacks will have no weight because people will associate socialism with things they like, like medicare and social security. Okay but you're missing the point. Bernie Sanders has strictly maintained that CAPITALISM is BAD, and SOCIALISM is GOOD. He does not want to FIX capitalism, he wants to overthrow it. This is a genuine and legitimate plank of his political campaign which he has stated over and over. His nearest rival, Elizabeth Warren, has maintained that CAPITALISM is GOOD, and it just needs to be trimmed. This is the position that FDR actually held! It would be genuinely trivial for Warren's campaign to point out a quote where FDR says capitalism is good in order to divert whatever brownie points Bernie would get from him, because SHE is the actual successor to FDR's legacy, not Bernie. It is an easy layup. Possibly the easiest political maneuver ever made. If Bernie wanted to be a social democrat, he would be. But he's not, he's a socialist. Elizabeth Warren is a social democrat and it is very easy for her to lay claim to any social democratic legacy, moreso than Bernie, who is an actual socialist. It is extremely silly to base your entire defense of his strategy on "well nobody knows what socialism is anyways lol" especially since he just made a speech trying to define what it is.
[Bernie Sanders has explicitly said he is a socialist.](https://www.politico.com/story/2015/07/14-things-bernie-sanders-has-said-about-socialism-120265) He has talked about owning the means of production and has been very unafraid to embrace the label, even if he largely equates it with Social Democratic programs. If he wanted to call himself a social democrat it would be very easy for him to do this, and arguably less poisonous to his campaign, but he hasn't. In comparison, Elizabeth Warren maintains [she is a capitalist and not a socialist](https://www.washingtonexaminer.com/policy/economy/warren-spurns-socialism-in-favor-of-capitalism-with-serious-rules).
Saying "they can't be Nazis because their platform is currently moderate" is remarkably illiterate, historically speaking. When the Nazis weren't in power, they said anything they thought would make them popular. Hence why they called themselves "socialists" before revealing that their solution to the ills of capitalism was to...cozy up with big businesses for the sake of national unity. Dishonesty is a cornerstone of the fascist's toolkit. If you read their manifesto more scrupulously, though, you'll notice that they say things like "End the active promotion of the doctrine of multiculturalism by local and national government and all publicly funded bodies". In 2010 they called for a total immigration freeze. Their members express overtly xenophobic, homophobic and Islamophobic sentiments. Splitting hairs to try to say they're not REALLY fascists is a useless gesture especially since nobody here is going to buy it. The "average uninformed person" knows what UKIP is, especially at the moment when all the "reasonable" people have fled the party. What's left? The Nazi weirdos who just got completely destroyed in their elections. Including Nazi Pug Guy himself. &gt;I am not any kind of conservative, and I think the average person thinks that this attitude is a joke. If they were "normal conservatives" then they would simply join the normal conservative party, which is a party that exists. If they were "far-right conservatives" then they would have gone to the Brexit party when it split off and did very well. They didn't do that. The people who stayed are fascists, and are voluntarily continuing to stay with UKIP because of it.
&gt; The exact same process happened countless times in history before the emergence of capitalism, and the during the Soviet famine in the 1930s the Soviet government was exporting grain. People absolutely blame communism for the Soviet famine, yet you're getting very defensive about the idea of blaming capitalism for the Irish famine. Why is this? Nobody claimed that capitalism will uniquely cause famines, just that this one case in particular is the rest of a capitalist policy. &gt; Amartya Sen has pointed out that there has never been a famine in a democracy Was Britain not democratic in the 1930s and 1940s? If so, what is the Bengal famine? Keeping in mind that it has been proven that the famine in question was [caused or at least exacerbated by the British](https://www.theguardian.com/world/2019/mar/29/winston-churchill-policies-contributed-to-1943-bengal-famine-study). &gt; The fact that the US (and Britain) are capitalist now does not mean they have always been so in all facets. Now you're trying to separate "state action" from "capitalism", but it seems obvious that capitalism in both countries benefited very heavily from state action because it provided access to the resources &amp; cheap manpower that capitalist corporations needed to grow. Trying to separate them is bizarre. When private corporations would buy slaves and ship them across the sea in abominable conditions, was that "capitalism" or merely "colonialism"? When the government forcibly ended slavery through violence, was that a victory of state interference or a strangling of free markets? Is it really so hard to admit that, among all the evils of the world, one potential source of evil is uncaring business owners milking their employees (or inventory, in the case of slaves) for all they're worth without regard for their well-being?
&gt;British India wasn't. So a democracy can *cause* a famine, but not suffer from it. Not really sure how that's better.
&gt; that leverage required the ruling class in ireland to support it No it didn't. The British army was the institution currently preventing the angry masses from tearing apart their landlords. That's the leverage they had: they were literally keeping that "ruling class" alive.
&gt; I don't feel physically bad if I play him. What are your politics in real life?
The real hard-to-swallow pill is that the space marines are fascists and adding Lady Fascists doesn't make them particularly woke. If anything being patriarchal and masculine allows them to better serve as a representation of fascist ideals. It's weird to me how much energy this sub spends on Warhammer 40k, a hopeless void with no chance for redemption, instead of Warhammer Fantasy, which literally has a God of Revolutions and a Goddess of Battle.
Do you think it's possible that being a, shall we say, authoritarian conservative plays some role in the fact that you don't feel revulsion at playing Pelley? The other guy who said he was okay with it had a "remove syndies" tag, I feel like there's a trend here that we could pick up on.
Yeah weird how I made the completely unfounded observation that you're sympathetic to fascism based only on the fact that you linked a fascist manifesto as being emblematic of your politics and also you post unironically on a monarchist subreddit. Sorry for my wild accusations. Now if I was really going to get into armchair psychology I'd start talking about your impotence and your fear of the outsider and how that's effectively turned you into a bootlicking nationalist worm who genuinely thinks he should be stripped of the right to vote. I wish you'd get into Findom like every other self-hating servile white boy instead of dragging politics into this.
&gt;You murdering a bunch of defenseless people is more in the Slaanesh domain than the Khorne domain, it is one of the rare cases where he does show preference. I didn't say anything about "defenseless people" I said he wants the blood to keep flowing. He would not intentionally allow a war to end, because his purpose is eternal war. &gt;Should a Khorne insurrection manage to liberate a planet yet their lust for war is somehow uncontrollable What do you mean "somehow"? It's literally the entire point, you're talking about summoning demons onto the battlefield and shit, do you think they're just going to be like "well that was a good war everyone, time to leave"? Or do you think they're just going to slaughter their erstwhile allies to make sure the blood keeps flowing? &gt;Should they even manage that impossible task, they would have successfully put an end to conflict in the galaxy. Wouldn't they just fight each other? Because that's what Khorne does. The idea that Khorne would magically lose his power (especially after being fed trillions of souls in sacrifice) seems completely unfounded. The new peaceful human empire would fracture and splinter and the whole thing would start all over again. That is how conflict works. You have no basis for the idea that once the slaughter was over Khorne would fade peacefully into the background instead of finding a way to start it back up. Between this &amp; the space marine shit this subreddit is creeping me the fuck out. Really not into leftists making excuses for obviously fascist ideologies of perpetual war and extermination campaigns.
&gt;Khorne doesn't really give his followers specific tasks nor does he guide them in any direct way. Okay so your argument now is that Khorne is actually completely ineffectual apart from giving guns to revolutionaries. There's hundreds of examples of him giving gifts and encouraging slaughter and also he has a literal army of demons that independently go around killing people and corrupting humans. I don't see the point of pretending he's some passive influence who just gives vague guidelines to his worshippers and takes no active role himself. &gt;Why are you even part of the hobby if you think discussing a fictional galactic empire is the same as making excuses for fascism? I was here for Warhammer Fantasy and the 40k shit is making me leave because, again, it's super creepy. I mean you personally have gone above and beyond because it's clearly not just "fiction" for you. There's no logical reason for you to be so invested in whitewashing a fictional genocidal faction just for its own sake. The lore of 40k says that Khorne wants perpetual warfare and you're trying to find a loophole that says that once the oppressors are overthrown everything will work itself out. This is not the same as someone playing as the Empire in a Star Wars game, it's actually more like someone writing a defense of the Empire on the grounds that they're a reasonable meritocratic culture. You know, like [Bill Kristol](https://observer.com/2015/10/bill-kristol-tried-to-defend-the-galactic-empire-on-twitter/) did. Spoiler alert: everyone called him creepy!
&gt; I guess it just makes me think about modern society and how work no longer has a direct relationship with bettering society. I think the fact that you believe in a concept of "bettering society" is a good sign. It means you believe there IS a better society that could exist, that would be worthwhile. How would you measure a better society? By the happiness and stability of its citizens, for example?
&gt;The naturally "pickyness" of the average person should be the type of people you click best with. Okay so when humans were in nature, living in small family groups, that was when they "clicked best" with people? Trying to understand your definition of "natural" here. &gt;It's easier to accept something that doesn't relate to you directly (another person's sexuality, for example), than it is trusting they'll never betray you or be genuine with you when you need it; On what grounds are you basing this statement? "People aren't trustworthy anymore" seems like it's a claim that needs to be backed up by evidence. Also, it's not easy to accept something that doesn't relate to you directly, because society in general was intolerant of many of those things for millenia. It's actually very easy to create a society that doesn't tolerate dissent and forces conformity on its inhabitants. &gt;those who cannot relate to other people (the aforementioned isolated youths) find it is their offer's fault, because to them, virtually no one they find is really genuine I'm still not seeing the correlation. Young people are lonely even though there's lots of people online. Your explanation for this is that nobody is genuine or trustworthy (citation needed) and this is because people are too picky. What relation does pickiness have with trustworthiness? I could see the argument that pickiness leads to *less investment* in friendships, or treating them as more disposable, but I don't think that's the same as saying people aren't trustworthy anymore, just that there's more casual friendships. The friends I had as a teenager were all pretty casual since the only thing connecting us was our hobbies, and that was real life.
&gt;Switch the word "natural" with "typical" for a better reading. People are becoming more selective because they have more options. It's *natural* to want to be friends with people who are the most compatible with you instead of settling for someone you merely tolerate. &gt;Even in the context of race/discrimination you can see in casual racists it is easier to just accept something different than it is actually trusting said different thing. You're trying to argue that things used to be better and I don't think that's the case. People would out each other about all kinds of things and some things we consider very petty now would ruin your life back then. The idea that people are less trusting or trustworthy now seems completely unwarranted or unproven. &gt;I feel the reason isolated youths use to justify why they don't click with others (even when they have copious amounts of people they can contact to, from all walks of life), is the very fact that to them others aren't genuine. Therefore, those isolated youths are more picky. But where is the evidence for this claim? There is evidence to suggest young people are more isolated but I haven't seen any evidence that it has anything to do with how "genuine" people are. As I said, the friends I had in school were mostly friends of convenience, I didn't have any deep bonds with any of them. What actual evidence is there to suggest that people today are less trusting/trustworthy?
&gt;"We don't want to send the message that females can be bad" wouldn't fly as an excuse to not have female villains in a movie, TV show, video game, etc. Do you think WW2 movies should make it so that the Nazis are more multicultural and progressive? &gt;The only thing that will stop that is by making the game more inclusive Two words: Starship Troopers. You lose.
&gt;The setting with the blatantly racist depictions of non-white cultures? Where the hero is "The Emperor but Nordic"? It's certainly problematic but on the other hand, as mentioned, there are gods of revolution, freedom and love. The entire world is not the Empire and the fact that it's an issue is largely because the non-European parts of the setting haven't been updated since the 80s. Also, the European parts have always been treated as priggish and shitty too, so it's not like it's biased in favor of Europeans. The Empire ranges from snotty cosmopolitan Reiklanders to barbaric Middenlanders, and the nobility is generally treated as an albatross around the neck of real progress. The Bretonnians are as much of a caricature as it's possible to be. Tileans and Estalians are better but still a largely stereotypes as well. And the Nordic peoples are literally the main source of evil in the setting. It's not fascist, it's just monarchist, and monarchy is depicted as generally a bad system (how many times has the Empire collapsed because of infighting?) There is no equivalent to the Ubermensch of 40k, the mass purging of heretics, or worldwide genocidal campaigns.
&gt; They often support violence and murder to get their ideology in power. Not that I want to defend Stalinists but, you know, capitalists do this too. How many coups has the CIA carried out? What happened in Iran because of British interference in the 50s? And, hey, if you extend the definition of capitalism a bit, what about the majority of colonialist brutality? &gt; They also deny they massive Soviet made famines that killed millions. And capitalists deny that preventable mass starvation in our current world is a problem. A lot of people also seem to have a problem with the idea that the UK caused the Bengal Famine, even though there's soil evidence supporting the claim. And if you go even further back I just had an argument a few days ago with people who were ADAMANT that the Irish potato famine could not be considered a failure of capitalism even though the policies that caused it were the result of landlords and business owners valuing their profits over the well-being of Irish farmers.
&gt; Rich people generally can't directly subvert social welfare programs, they can only use their money to try and sway people to their side when the next election comes around. You put "only" in there as if it's an insignificant advantage. It's very obviously not. I don't really know how to explain to you that having hundreds of billions of dollars gives you a huge advantage in terms of being able to propagandize and influence. Remember that the rich control more wealth than [literally the rest of society combined](https://www.marketwatch.com/story/the-richest-10-of-households-now-represent-70-of-all-us-wealth-2019-05-24). &gt;Ultimately it's regular working people who are deciding. And their decision is based on the information given to them, which is...influenced heavily by the propaganda they're exposed to. That's not even getting into lobbying. I mean, "regular working people" vote for candidates, but what happens when those candidates are in power and suddenly there's a bunch of corporate interests offering them money and influence in exchange for favors? &gt;Wait, are you saying that an advantage of socialism is that you can't change things with elections? The advantage is that the tiny upper class no longer has a massive advantage against the majority of the population. You can change things with elections, but those elections are actually fair since every voter is equally important and there is no longer a class of people with undue weight.
&gt;These European factions are still given much more detail and treated more seriously than the caricatured depictions of non-European analogues. Correct, because that's where the setting takes place and GW has actively prevented its writers from exploring other lands. As such the lore of those regions is mired in the past, when the entire setting (not just those areas) was much more caricatured and racist. I believe if GW allowed those areas to be explored now they would be much better. &gt;They're still our "good guys" Yes, the people literally fighting against extermination are "good guys". Unlike 40k they are not perpetuating genocides themselves. But in the lore, non-white human factions are also generally "good guys". Arabyans and Cathayans and Inds and so on all have to fight orcs, Chaos, etcetera. The only consistent human factions that are "bad guys" are Norscans, Kurgans and Hung. &gt;save for the Norscans, who are still depicted as badass characters with reams of lore, meant to be taken seriously Wait so are you arguing about their morality or are you just saying that not getting enough lore is what makes it racist? The Norscans are obviously evil and play into stereotypes of brutal vikings slaughtering their way through Christian Europe. The fact that they get more lore doesn't really help this since most of their lore is stuff like "they believe the world isn't real and they care a lot about strength". &gt;the Chinese just do kung fu, and the Africans are just little black pygmy men with bones and spears If you described the non-white factions in Fantasy in that way you would be mostly lying. Cathay canonically is a populous empire with celestial scholars and gunpowder engineers. Araby has some despotic governments and some more enlightened ones; Warmaster, one of the only sources about it, says that it has produced "some of the world's most notable poets, doctors, sorcerers and architects." The Southlands are inhabited primarily by Lizardmen who, by most accounts, would not tolerate the existence of any intruders - Elf, Dwarf or Human - and thus would not allow the development of civilization. The use of "pygmies" is obviously shitty but Southern Africa is basically the only race that's actually as flat and terrible as you say it is, and even then there's a plausible excuse for why there's not a giant African civilization (cool as it would be). Also, you neglected to mention - before the Empire, the most powerful civilization in the world was Egyptian, and they were about as "good" as the Empire is (that is to say, they opposed Chaos and Necromancy). Even as the Tomb Kings they're still basically as good as any other faction, except when Nagash is exerting his influence. Warhammer is certainly Eurocentric, but pretending that only white people are good is (a) oversimplifying how good the Europeans are and (b) oversimplifying how bad everyone else is. Compare this to the Witcher, which actively seems to say non-white people don't exist in its world.
&gt; stand in line for bread Everyone stands in line for bread, that's how grocery stores work.
&gt; their buyers die in lines waiting for bread Russia under the Tsars had dozens of horrendous famines. Those famines stopped under the Soviet Union. By the eighties most records (Soviet and American) indicated that [Soviet citizens ate about as much as Americans did, albeit with a blander diet](https://www.cia.gov/library/readingroom/docs/CIA-RDP84B00274R000300150009-5.pdf). This is even with a huge American headstart (America was heavily industrialized before Russia ever was) and with the effects of two world wars on Russia's countryside, population and industry. Fun fact while we're talking about famines: [the British government basically caused the Bengal famine](https://www.theguardian.com/world/2019/mar/29/winston-churchill-policies-contributed-to-1943-bengal-famine-study).
Libertarians are pedophiles. Hence the "she's really 300 years old" thing - it's a thin excuse to objectify a child character by saying "well TECHNICALLY she's above the age of consent".
Uphold Philbinist-Halpertist Thought
I've seen this argument like twenty times and I still don't really get what people have against Rev2 Claire. She's aging like a normal human. The idea that she should stay as a smooth-skinned baby-faced teenager for her entire life is really weird. Her outfits were good too. Then again, people also got mad at RE5 Chris for being too muscular, even though that perfectly matches his lifestyle and the fact that he knows he's going to have to fight Wesker again at some point. If anything all the female characters should be that muscular at this point since they've been dealing with this shit for years.
&gt; He says we should guarantee health care for free, but doesn’t explain how he plans to fund it. I'm genuinely not sure what you're talking about since Single Payer Healthcare has a well-established methodology behind it that involves the use of a government monopsony to drive down medical prices. It also vastly cuts down on the administrative costs of healthcare. [There have been plenty of papers written about it.](https://www.healthcare-now.org/single-payer-studies/listing-of-single-payer-studies/) It might be easy to forget because it's so politicized, but saying "Single Payer Healthcare" IS a detailed policy position. &gt; He says he’ll fully fund free college for all and relieve student debt, yet again, has no explanation for what legislation he will propose or how he will actually fund this goal. Not sure what you're looking for. Both of those programs just need taxpayer money or legislation, not massive overhauls. We could take it out of our [massively overbloated military budget](https://www.defensenews.com/congress/2019/06/19/house-passes-983-billion-spending-package-226-203-bucking-white-house/). We could [increase funding to the IRS](https://www.propublica.org/article/how-the-irs-was-gutted) and allow them to collect on [the billionaire funds that are currently being ignored](https://www.propublica.org/article/ultrawealthy-taxes-irs-internal-revenue-service-global-high-wealth-audits). These policies are effectively just shifting our existing money around. They don't require complicated solutions. &gt; On the other hand, Warren might be more moderate, but she provides actual plans and reasoning for her viewpoints, and will actually do what she says she’ll do. Do you have any examples besides a proposed tax increase? I mean not of things that she has detailed, but cases where Sanders literally has no explanation of how to carry out an idea while Warren has a step-by-step explanation.
&gt; If you refuse to pay, men with guns will take you away from your family or kill you...the way it should be! This is how private corporations work too. If you live on corporate-owned property and refuse to pay rent then they'll call the cops on you.
What would you describe yourself as, politically speaking?
The American government is a property owner too. It owns the land called "the United States of America". It sold part of that land to private investors with the understanding that the land in question is still covered under all the rules &amp; regulations found in the terms of service agreement (aka "the law"). It's like how you can buy an Apple product and [not legally have a right to repair it](https://www.macrumors.com/2019/04/30/apple-right-to-repair-consumer-harm/), or how you can buy a game on a digital distribution platform and [not technically have a right to own it](https://www.techradar.com/news/the-double-edge-of-digital-games-and-changing-ownership). When people bought land from the government - and that IS who initially owned it, by conquest - they did so knowing that the laws of the United States still applied on that land. Therefore, you may have "private land", but you're still on American soil, and therefore you're still on "government property". If you don't like it, start your own country (through purchase of land from an existing government, not through force, of course). [Oh wait](https://gawker.com/ayn-rands-capitalist-paradise-is-now-a-greedy-land-grab-1627574870).
&gt; I have trouble mustering the ability to apply for jobs or study for my lsat. What are you looking for specifically? General motivation, or just small workable steps that will help you focus?
There's not a lot of "leftist self-help" because self-help tends to be about focusing on the self instead of focusing on systemic problems, e.g. Jordan Peterson basically saying "it's not SOCIETY'S fault that things are bad, it's your own personal failures". Leftists mostly write about societal problems and factors rather than giving advice for individuals. Some ideas from me personally: 1. Organize your living space. I know, I know, it's just "clean your room", but that's hardly a Peterson-only observation. Watch something like Tidying Up with Marie Kondo or any other material about decluttering your living space. It's not a fix to your *real* problems but from a mental perspective it's kind of like untangling a knot; you'll feel more satisfied and less stressed once it's done. 2. Join a local leftist organization or, failing that, at least some sort of cooperative or charity. Social isolation is a big problem in our world and finding people who are likeminded to some degree is a good way to break out of it. It can be hard to make friends as an adult so attending meetings is a good way to break out of that, plus it gives you the feeling that you're doing something besides just running in circles all the time. Once you've familiarized yourself with people in your group, offer up a social event like getting drinks or playing an RPG and see who bites. 3. Ramp down consumerism. I don't know if this applies to you personally but I think a lot of people get caught up in an endless cycle of consumption, always stressing out about buying new things and keeping up with the latest trends. That's the mentality that's led our culture into weddings that cost tens of thousands of dollars and other bizarre acts of conspicuous consumption. Stepping away from that is not only good for your wallet, it's good for your mental health. Learn to appreciate what you've got and buy things for practical reasons. "The Theory of the Leisure Class" by Thorstein Veblen is a good read about how the wealthy will buy things solely because their self-worth is tied into their monetary value. Of course this doesn't mean that you should stop having hobbies or participating in culture, but there's plenty of free things out there (library books, open-source games, etc). Safety &amp; stability are more important than luxury. 4. Work hard, but accept the limits of the system. When you talk about looking for a job, it's important to try hard, but it's also important to remember that some things are out of your hands. You're competing with lots of other people, and half the judging nowadays is done by bizarre algorithms with unknowable criteria. You should give it your best shot, but don't burn yourself out because you're getting rejected. That is to say, don't take it personally - a human being might not even have been involved in the decision. 5. Try to live your most moral life. Nobody can be perfect, and I know some people think leftists should live in fear of being labeled Problematic, but to me the most important thing is to just have a clear understanding of your moral values and how to interpret them in real life. As long as you've examined your reasons for believing what you believe, and you act in accordance with those principles, I think you're doing okay.
&gt;Co-operatives then? Cooperatives are a form of market ownership, and are better than normal companies, but still don't solve the problem fully. A cooperative will help all its members, e.g. the profit created by cooperatively-owned machines will be distributed across its members instead of just given to a few owners. However, we need something more universal than that, so that nobody is excluded. That's why we need full public ownership - every citizen gets a share of the goods. It will start on the national level but, in order to include everyone, will eventually need to become international, so that you don't end up with third-world countries being resigned to poverty and destitution. Once this happens, will we even need money anymore? More likely we'll use something like rationing tickets, and the automated economy will adjust production based on the needs of the citizenry. &gt;We should still find a way for humans to contribute to society in any way, without destroying all the machines We did contribute, by building the machines. As a species we have labored for millennia to reach this point. Now is the time for our retirement. We've earned it. &gt;With the advances in automation, gaming bots will make cheating much easier With the advances in automation, *detecting* bots will make cheating much harder.
[About as often as millenials do, yes.](https://fivethirtyeight.com/features/students-at-most-colleges-dont-pick-useless-majors/)
&gt; apparently doing so is capitalism apologia, which can get you banned over there I mean, it literally is. I don't have a problem with social democrats but social democracy is literally designed to preserve capitalism by using welfare programs to ameliorate its worst effects. And they've banned for a lot less than that.
&gt;If you're critiquing capitalism and saying "hey this doesn't work, we need some really big changes to the current system" Right, but you're still preserving capitalism, which is against their rules. I agree that the LSC mods are overzealous - I got banned years ago for suggesting that it's possible to reach people who voted for Trump because they were disillusioned with regular politics. That was considered "apologism" and I was instantly banned (I didn't say anything about reaching out to racists or anything like that). r/aboringdystopia or r/lostgeneration might be more palatable, although I got banned from the second one because of a bizarre argument about vaping I had with one of the mods.
Do you have evidence of this or are you just guessing? &gt; Both plebs and aristocrats starved, the many of the aristocrats had money to import food... How did this matter if all the people who do the work (including transporting things back and forth) were not working? Where did they get money from if their mode of income was shut down? It sounds a lot like you're making this up. Also the obvious answer to your scenario is to simply kill the aristocrats and be done with it, so maybe you should be grateful for a little restraint.
&gt;They aren't trying to save capitalism Weird, someone should tell all the Social Democrats like FDR and Elizabeth Warren who unapologetically said or say that they are capitalists.
&gt;She just pushes them away, This is dumb. If you're trying to stop a man-sized being from grabbing and biting you, that requires work and not just a gentle push. In addition she does a bunch of running, jumping, climbing, dodging, etc. Every Resident Evil character would benefit from being physically fit and would be hard-pressed to do their job if they weren't. I'm not sure what argument you think you're actually making but I don't really care either.
&gt;How buff he is doesnt change that he still kills him with machine guns and rocket launchers. At multiple points it stops Chris from getting ground into paste or having his neck instantly broken with a single twist. &gt;RE7 set things right with Chris' design though. The super ugly guy with a generic face that looks nothing like either version of the old Chris? &gt;Yes, characters should change with age, but that doesnt mean we should be okay with a bad design(rev2). Her design is fine, people just complain because she looks too masculine (i.e. realistic) instead of being a perfect waifu.
&gt; Did he write all the code, build all the cars, develop all the designs for a gigafactory, et all? No. Obviously not. Did he prevent the people who actually did all those things from unionizing for better pay &amp; benefits? Yes, he did. So...what's the achievement, exactly?
&gt;But without him, that achievement - commercialization of electric cars - would not have happened Okay so his "contribution" is simply organizing workers who did the actual work, even though he tried to make life harder for those workers? &gt;Sometimes life offers mixed outcomes. If he genuinely cared he would have funded a worker cooperative, but he doesn't, so he didn't. He's not a socialist or an anarcho-syndicalist or a good person in general and if you REALLY THINK that electric luxury cars are going to save the planet you're deeply delusional. Bootlick somewhere else.
Really interested in what the caller has to say, but is there a problem with the audio? Like every five seconds there's a noise kind of like a gas leak or something that keeps interrupting him. Strange nobody talked about it, it's very prominent.
&gt; OBVIOUSLY. GENDER IS NOT MADE UP. Gender isn't biology, it's the cultural expression of identity usually associated with one's sex. Boys are blue, girls are pink. Boys wear pants, girls wear dresses. Boys have short hair, girls have long hair. Boys are aggressive and confident, girls are meek and empathetic. All of these things are made up, some as recently as a century ago. There is nothing in nature that says "boys wear pants" especially considering how many societies didn't even *come up* with trousers on their own. Yet these sorts of behaviors and expressions are arguably more important to how people visualize sex and gender than things like genitalia or chromosomes. Largely because people don't walk around with their genitalia hanging out and certainly not with their chromosomes on display. Gender is a representation of culture. Culture is made up. Therefore, gender is made up.
&gt; The reproductive system is not. Biological features are sex, not gender.
Talking about a "range" is still an objectively incorrect way of talking about it, because that suggests there are two objective points of gender ("male" and "female") and some things in between them. There are NOT two objective points of gender, because the things that signify "gender" vary from culture to culture. It's not a question of an Italian boy being "less boy" than a Japanese boy, it's the fact that both of those identities are culture constructs and not biological truths. In historical Japan, women would blacken their teeth for fashion reasons. Blackened teeth is therefore "feminine" and associated with the female gender. Would you say that an American man who blackened his teeth was behaving in a feminine way, or "further towards womanhood on the gender spectrum"? No, you'd say it was irrelevant because blackened teeth do not factor into American gender identity. You're thinking in terms of two endpoints on a spectrum. I am saying that the entire line is made up and often arbitrary. The role of biological sex in determining cultural gender identities is often miniscule, which is the entire point of differentiating sex and gender.
&gt;I think I may be misusing words and their actual meaning because I basically agree with you. Fair enough. &gt;Which may have a lot to do with the OPs original dilemma. I don't think the OP was confusing sex and gender, I think they were just confused about whether or not gender was actually important (e.g. should we all be gender-neutral and express ourselves however we please, or do cultural gender roles actually matter?) It's a different question than what you were talking about.
I think if you're focused on Korean politics in particular you should look to see if there's a subreddit for the Korean Labor Party (which is the successor to the New Progressive Party, which is the successor to the Socialist Party). Unfortunately the Labor Party seems to be electorally weak so I'm not sure how popular it will be.
&gt;I feel this way because social media has become the standard way we communicate with each other and express ourselves. With something as prolific, powerful and pervasive as social media, I don't think that any entity should be dictating what opinions are and aren't allowed. Do you feel the same way about print media or television? That is to say, should the New York Times be forced to publish me regardless of how their editors feel about me? The NYT is certainly a "prolific, powerful and persuasive" institution, so what makes them different? What about Fox News? &gt; They should do it of their own accord. So, to be clear, your argument is that the people who own this private corporation should...have a different moral value than they currently do? How do you expect to enforce this? You don't want it to be a legal matter, you want it to be a moral one. Which is to say you want this site to be run by people who VOLUNTARILY do not censor. Let's say you brainwash the current Reddit executives into agreeing with you. What happens if they're replaced? Voluntary cooperation with no actual restrictions is not a systemic solution. And we already know the current administrators of most social media sites do not agree with your perspective, so you'd have to do *something*. &gt;If these sites operated on a paid membership type deal instead of mass collection and sales of personal information, I would give my money to the site that operated in the way described in this post. When you say you would "give your money" to such a site, are you not admitting there *are* multiple options for social media and not just one monopolistic supersite? If so, why are you posting here instead of a site like 8chan that claims to represent the values that you want out of such a site? Why are you giving time &amp; attention to Reddit, whose model you don't agree with?
&gt;Massive corporations shouldn't exist in the first place if you follow free market principles. It's literally the inevitable result of market inequalities. As people are successful, they accumulate wealth. They can use the wealth to fund their businesses, thus creating more wealth. Furthermore, eliminating competitors (i.e. creating a monopoly) is the goal of every capitalist business because that allows them to make more money. If this was not the case it would not be necessary for anti-monopoly legislation to exist, because under your conception of capitalism, monopolies would never happen. But they do, because they're the logical result of capitalism, not an exception to it. If you don't like big business then you don't like capitalism, and if you are going to say that big businesses are "corporatism" and not capitalism then I challenge you to provide even one example of the "real capitalism" you're claiming to defend. &gt;Back to the original point, besides the big ones - Google, Facebook, Twitter, and the like, how many is the general public aware of? The simple fact of the matter is that the big social media platforms form an oligopoly. Again, "capitalism is great unless I don't like the companies involved". You named multiple companies. There are many smaller competitors such as Voat, Gab, 4chan, 8chan, and numerous other message boards. The idea that there is a monopoly or oligopoly that would somehow prevent a conservative-funded site from gaining prominence is completely baseless. &gt;My view as a conservative is that companies should generally be allowed to do what they want. This is not absolute, because there are some assumptions that need to remain true in order for the free market to remain free. This is a cop-out. Again, name one instance of "real capitalism". If you can't provide one then this statement is fundamentally worthless - you're just saying that corporations should do what they want unless they choose to do something you don't want them to, at which point you'll say they're "part of an oligopoly" and shut them down. &gt;It's an open secret that CTH uses "slaveowners" as code to mean "the wealthy" yet CTH wasn't banned for essentially advocating for genocide. I mean if you want to equate the wealthy with slaveowners you're free to do that, but that's not what that meant. They were literally talking about killing slaveowners, citing figures such as John Brown, Toussaint Louverture, and William Sherman. That is what Reddit's administration objected to. Pretending this is "code" for something else is ridiculous especially since CTH is perfectly willing to say that the wealthy are bad and call for guillotines otherwise. Where The Donald crossed the line was not simply the theoretical advocacy of violence but the explicit advocacy of violent action taken against members of the Oregon police in reference to an ongoing political action happening in that state. That is to say, it's the difference between saying "fuck cops in general" and "here are some cops who we should kill right now". Finally, as mentioned, there was at least one leftist community banned for calls to violence, so your claim that this doesn't happen to leftist communities is fundamentally flawed. You're basically arguing at this point that there's a bias because it ONLY happened to one instead of multiple, to which I point out that r/conservative is still intact, meaning that by the same logic, there can't be persecution of conservative spaces. &gt;essentially advocating for genocide As an aside it's really funny to see all the conservatives whining about AOC referring to the border camps as "concentration camps" who will then turn around and say that anti-wealthy sentiment is "essentially advocating for genocide".
Having one *reusable* piece of plastic that you load with *biodegradable paper cartons* seems like a much better option than constantly going through disposable plastic jugs.
&gt; I'm not a progressive... If you don't bother me, I wont bother you. Being gay and expecting not to be harassed is kind of a progressive position whether you like it or not. I mean unless you're saying it's okay for people to be kicked out of their family, fired from their job, or otherwise ostracized for their sexual preferences, which is something that still happens in many places. Are you okay with those things? Do they count as "bothering"?
Nobody has ever claimed "all white people owned slaves" so congratulations, the stereotype in question has been utterly destroyed. However, benefiting from slavery &amp; racism is a completely different issue so you're still going to have to work on that one.
Morally it is *exactly* the same, legality doesn't matter. Also, Legality is supposed to follow morals, not vice versa. When someone makes a moral argument, arguing in legal terms is completely irrelevant. Lots of moral things are illegal things and lots of legal things are immoral.
I said "do you think it's wrong for the federal government to protect the freedoms of gay people" and you said "100% absolutely yes". You prioritize homophobes over gay people. In a conflict between two sets of freedom - the freedom to discriminate and the freedom to live without discrimination - you favor the discriminator. I'm not sure why you're trying to back out now, I asked you a very concrete question and you said "100% absolutely". If anything it just seems like you don't understand the consequences of what you're suggesting. Let me put it this way: I hope that the consequences you're allowing for happen to you one day. If that sounds like a threat, maybe you should reflect on why.
&gt;The same cannot be said for essentially being born into servitude You can leave the country whenever you want, it is not illegal to emigrate. &gt;being threatened, with violence, for disagreeing with something like income tax It isn't the government's fault that your parents chose to birth you on their land. Why should they miss out on fees because you don't feel like taking responsiblity for your choices? More to the point, you would absolutely be okay with a private corporation exerting the same level of control over an individual, but when it's a "government" you balk at the tyranny. Even though property rights are preserved by that exact same engine of tyranny. I don't really feel like arguing about this anymore because you're going in circles, but for real - you're not making any arguments that would actually differentiate them.
&gt; Sure, the health care costs would be a much bigger burden on them than everyone else, but then again, that should motivate them to make more money. 1: You seem to think making more money is simply a question of "working harder" and that's not the case. You have to be in the right place in the right time. The economy has to be right in your area, or you have to have the resources to move to somewhere more stable. Your skillset has to match up with the current demand; if your skillset is obsolete, you have to retrain, which often (surprise!) costs money and time. Time which you don't have because you need to pay your bills *now*. 2: It's also very hard to make money when you're dealing with a health issue. Avoidable health issues that go untreated will become SERIOUS health issues. Similarly, if you can't afford to pay for something and you go below your bank balance or credit card balance, you're hit with fees that make things worse Thirdly, if you buy cheap goods because that's all you can afford, they actually tend to be less cost-effective in the long run than simply investing in a more expensive item (this is called [Boots Theory](https://www.getrichslowly.org/boots-theory-of-socioeconomic-unfairness/)). It is difficult to get out of poverty primarily because living while poor is itself difficult. &gt;Being poor sucks. It's degrading, frustrating, monotonous, demoralizing, depressing. And it's a good thing--because that motivates you to lift yourself out of poverty. By this logic, rich people should be robbed because it prevents them from becoming lazy and unproductive. After all, if they already have all that money, they're not given incentive to work hard, are they?
I think your arc reflects something that was pretty common for Average White Guys (including myself, years and years and years ago), which is that being conservative or at least centrist is kind of the "easy" position to take. That is to say, if you're living your life and things seem okay, someone who's reporting a very different or outlandish-sounding story seems crazy. In this case, left-wing activists seem crazy when they point out the problems in the system, because their claims don't line up with an average person's experience. So it's very easy to push people to the right by basically just saying "those left-wingers are crazy, don't they know what reality is like?" and leaving it at that. And then when the activists get aggressive you say it's proof that they're unhinged. A huge chunk of conservative content is basically just arguing that the status quo is fine and that anyone who wants to change it (culturally, economically or otherwise) is a lunatic. That's where guys like Ben Shapiro fit in; he basically built his career on arguing that nothing is wrong with society, and anything that really *is* wrong is the fault of progressive leftist ideas. The people getting riled up about racism, climate change, aggressive foreign policy, and so on are all just "emotional", and the facts don't support them. By presenting themselves as calm and rational they're trying to appeal to people who, really, just want things to stay as they are now. Of course you have the flipside too. Things like White Nationalism, QAnon, and Jordan Peterson all have a much more elaborate bent to them. They don't adhere to the status quo, they present their own unorthodox realities and conspiracy theories. It's my guess that people primed by the first type of conservative content ("leftists are crazy and want to infringe on your rights") become easier prey for the second type of conservative content ("leftists are satanists and want to institute cannibal Stalinism"). It's a switch from a defensive mentality to an aggressive one. Ultimately people base their decisions on evidence they get from trusted sources. But "who they trust" is a much more emotional topic, and harder to reach. That's why the most effective converters on BreadTube are entertainers, because you can lure someone in with entertainment and production values and then convince them with an argument in the meantime. In your case, you trusted Cult of Dusty and when he changed his mind, it helped convince you to do it, and opened the door to other ideas that you might have been wrong about. In that vein, it might be useful for you to start making videos again and admit you were wrong. Be honest about what you believe - don't advocate any policy that you don't personally agree with - and maybe your old viewers might experience the same change you did.
Yeah it's hard to take people here seriously when I legitimately just argued with a person yesterday who said the presence of big business means a system is "corporatist" rather than "capitalist" and that REAL capitalism would never form monopolies. It's amazing how many capitalism apologists refuse to take responsibility for the inevitable outcomes of their beliefs, largely because they think of capitalism as an evenly-balanced network of small businesses instead of an unstable equilibrium where amassing wealth makes it easier to amass wealth.
Economy of scale has literally nothing to do with this since this is not an argument about the effectiveness of capitalism, it's an argument about the semantic and largely fictitious difference between "real capitalism" and "evil corporatism". Specifically the claim that a large enough corporation ceases to be capitalist and becomes corporatist, which is why it's okay to say the government should force social media sites to adhere to freedom of speech or whatever hypocritical argument is being made at the given time. So please explain to me, in your own words, what "economy of scale" has to do with this.
With #1 and #2 you're admitting that it used to be easier to get a job that would provide a stable living condition, but now it's not because capitalists have more power than workers. People wanting a job that will let them live a normal life is not some kind of unsustainable condition, it's the bare minimum for a decent society. With #3 you're assuming that when people say they want a house, that they want a giant McMansion and not, you know, *a house*. A regular ranch house is inaccessible for much of the population because of rising costs &amp; expectations of downpayments. That is the house from the American Dream, not a bloated McMansion. In fact the building of McMansions is what's arguably responsible for it, since now nobody can afford to buy them from the Boomers who had them built. Plenty of young people would be happy with a smaller house, and the reason they want a house in particular and not an apartment is the idea that it's *yours* and you won't be gouged or kicked out by a landlord. I'm sure most of them would be just as happy to be part of an apartment cooperative or something else that made them feel like they have control over their lives. \#4 is weird because I never see high or low traffic being part of the "US middle class lifestyle" so I don't know why you brought it up. Public transit is good and should be funded more, I agree, but this is largely irrelevant to the case at hand. \#5 is outright wrong. The increased demand for college education does not explain the skyrocketing price, although it might explain the decreasing value of it in the labor market (which makes #1 and #2 even more ridiculous - people are trying to better themselves and the system is still failing them). Colleges charge high prices because they can, not because of oversaturation. In short, instead of explaining why the middle class lifestyle is "unsustainable", you've simply pointed out why it went away. The reason it went away is the increasing power of corporations (including colleges) and the decreasing value of American labor. People wanting stability is not unreasonable, and it would not be impossible or even particularly difficult to restore that stability back to the general public. All it would require is a significant crackdown on corporate power. I mean we're not even talking about outright socialism here, this is still just social democracy.
&gt; Give me your best "the card says moops" (compulsory) definition of "progressive conservative" (let your imagination go wild!) Progressive on cultural issues that are already widely accepted (acceptance of gay people, "racism is bad", maybe give to charity sometimes). Conservative on everything else. &gt; After she saw that I'd gone to pride and strongly dislike Steven Crowder, she changed the phrasing to me. Yep, I was right. Wasn't afraid to be identified as a conservative, WAS afraid to be identified as a homophobe. &gt; Think I can persuade her to ditch Republicanism? She seems like she isn't super political and she does seem impressionable. I mean, it doesn't hurt to try. Make some basic-ass arguments about economic exploitation and see where it goes.
&gt;Imagine being in 1700 and having knowledge of the pending industrial revolution.. For those reasons he should be listened to. Okay, here's Karl Marx in 1861 (from "[The Fragment on Machines](http://thenewobjectivity.com/pdf/marx.pdf)", from his book "Fundamentals" (Grundrisse): "As soon as labour in the direct form has ceased to be the great well-spring of wealth, labour time ceases and must cease to be its measure, and hence exchange value \[must cease to be the measure\] of use value. The surplus labour of the mass has ceased to be the condition for the development of general wealth, just as the non-labour of the few, for the development of the general powers of the human head. With that, production based on exchange value breaks down" In short: the relationship between an owner and a laborer breaks down when the laborer no longer has anything to offer, resulting in a radically different economic system as a result. Of course he may not have been predicting "full automation" but simply the natural result of machines driving down the need for human labor and the labor overcrowding that results. Also my problem with Andrew Yang is that it feels like he's using UBI as a replacement for public programs instead of a supplement for them, which ultimately will be worse. Giving someone $1000 and then subjecting them to market forces is drastically worse than simply giving them food and shelter that the government bought in bulk.
Well, I genuinely wasn't expecting this to be "pointing out trans people can get abortions is BAD and PANDERING". Bad identity politics is when you talk about race, gender, and orientation as a way to paper over class issues. It's really weird to say "talking about trans people having abortions is bad" in the same way as, say, Hilary Clinton saying breaking up the big banks wouldn't end sexism is.
They're examples of Social Democracy, which is sometimes conflated with socialism by both conservatives and by social democrats. You're also being silly if you think "breadtube" as a whole entity doesn't use the accurate definition of socialism or that most breadtube posters say that fire departments are socialism.
Why are you, a market socialist, talking about "wages"? In a cooperative, the workers determine how much of a share each member receives based on their perceived contribution to the enterprise. A high-skill worker would be attracted by a larger share of profit based on supply and demand. In your example you talk about the "owner" deciding wages. But the owner's job is not to decide wages "fairly", it is to maximize their own profit. To that end they will pay their employees as little as they can without affecting their profits. Some jobs will be more valuable than others, which is to say, if you make that employee upset they will quit &amp; negatively impact the business. Those people get better wages. But the entire enterprise is about the market value of the worker's labor, not about "maximum fairness". Owners are bad, which is why market socialism is about not having them.
He said it was wrong because it was "pandering" and then went on to say that trans people having abortions isn't common, which was his explanation as to WHY it was pandering. Whereas violence against trans people is more common, which is why he identified Cory Booker's comment on trans violence as being "good identity politics". The difference is how common the issue is, or how big a problem it is. The terminology error is a minor part of it, judging by what he said he'd still have a problem with it even if he'd gotten the terminology right (and Hasan says before this that he thinks people will get mad at him for saying it).
&gt;If it is in the definition that wages cannot be a part of a market socialist system, I was never shown that part of the definition. I suppose it's possible for the workers to democratically decide to pay wages, but the entire point is that they're co-owners. That's how cooperatives work. Instead of the boss making profit at the expense of the workers, the workers all profit when the business does well, and they all take a loss if it does poorly. Wages, on the other hand, are a fixed system - x payment for y hours of z work. It's contract-based payment, hence why it's associated with capitalism. &gt;You can see within my argument that wages can vary based on quality of work, but ultimately not on position title. Here's a hypothetical. Let's say there's one position whose skillset is very rare &amp; hard to obtain. What incentive do they have to operate on the same payment plan as the other workers? Let me put it this way: even Marx, discussing labor vouchers, made allowances for skilled labor being worth more than other types of labor. It doesn't seem like your system accounts for this. &gt;I actually didn't directly say that In the document you linked, you did - "**Say you’re the owner,** deciding pay. This is actually a very simple company - how do you determine objectively how much each person “made”?" In your example, the company is still capitalist and privately-owned, not a cooperative. You simply have a different idea about how they should be paid - an idea that nobody involved has any incentive to use. &gt;If it would negatively impact the business for them to quit, this is why their pay should be higher, as they are an asset. If they are performing poorly, they should get paid less. Okay, so now you're changing your mind and saying that value does derive from supply and demand? But, in addition to that, you're instituting performance penalties - which are pretty draconian when instituted in capitalist systems. I mean imagine a system where management can decide the janitor did a bad job and deserves to lose pay. I think that janitor would be judged poorly every month, not because he's doing a bad job, but because (a) the metrics for a janitor "doing a good job" are arbitrary and (b) it's an excuse to pay him less money. &gt;I believe in workers owning the means of production, which is what I thought a market socialist believed. Then why are you talking about an owner deciding what to pay his staff? Market socialism is about workplace democracy. The workers would decide collectively what their worth is, and again, it's easier to do this with shares than with wages. But even if they were using wages, they would use supply-and-demand mechanics to determine their wages.
&gt; I'm not here to inform leftists what the definition of "socialism" is lol Inform yourself first. &gt; Sounds like you guys have some work to do so you can stop spreading misinformation. Yeah, step one is to stop dudes like you from posting things like "the bailout is socialism".
&gt; Is your whole argument "no u" or is there more? "You are factually incorrect" is not a "no u", dipshit. No wonder you're a fascist with reasoning skills like that.
&gt;Perhaps shitting on boomers is better than nothing, but I think there are more targeted ways to do it That would ruin the point. Making "boomers" the enemy establishes material conditions and not just bad choices by individuals. It's not about Reagan supporters or whatever, it's specifically about the people who benefited from the welfare state and then dismantled it when they were old enough, and now spend all their time lecturing young people about how they should do things. Arguing that there are "good boomers" is like arguing that there are "good business owners". It might be true, but this is class war, and recognizing material conditions is an important part of that.
Protect you from your insurance company denying your claim and leaving you with hundreds of thousands of dollars in bills. Do you not know how our healthcare system works and why so many people are mad at it?
&gt;You contend that they are all the same stories rehashed over and over again and that them having super powers in all but name is symptomatic of this. I think there's a difference between MHA and Marvel/DC stuff. My point is that if you're arguing that "they're all just superpowers" and there's no point distinguishing them, you're effectively arguing that they're all the same story and therefore creatively bankrupt. In reality, they ARE different, with different origins and rules, which is why the distinction is helpful.
&gt;Wait, aren't we making up random bullshit? You're sincerely trying to argue that people haven't been left with hundreds of thousands of dollars in bills after being denied coverage? Like, yes, "being denied coverage after a mass shooting" is hyperbole, but you sound like you're genuinely trying to deny that medical bankruptcy is the most common form of bankruptcy in the country, and is a serious risk even for people with coverage. &gt;Yeah, after seven years in the field, I am fairly knowledgeable. Oh, that's why: you profited from our corrupt system and either want to keep defending it or are guilty about it. Cool story either way, sociopath. &gt;Most of the people I meet who are angry at it are like you: ignorant. Again, feel free to tell those people who've been denied coverage and basically ruined their lives because of it that they're idiots and this didn't really happen, I'm sure they'll appreciate your professional perspective. Also, unrelated, fuck off you unimaginable ghoul.
The funniest thing about the Measurehead example is that if you pass the test, you get two follow up options. Brutal, pragmatic Half-Light's suggestion is always wrong, and superstar diva Savoir-Faire's suggestion is always right.
&gt;Really, they wouldn’t lose anything except some unique branding if MHA called their powers Super Powers and not Quirks. "They wouldn't lose anything except branding" is a weird thing to say when we are talking about *word choice*. &gt;You would not say that just because you can replace “walker” with “zombie” in The Walking Dead that it is now indistinguishable from all other zombie stories and thus creatively bankrupt. I would actually, but that's tangential. &gt;Giving it a new name is not what makes it creative. "Just keep the same name even if it's different" isn't creative either.
&gt;Because boomers are offered power in private spheres like the home, church and racial/gender relations by the right-wing. They aren't being tricked, that's the deal they're knowingly accepting. Aren't you trying to defend boomers? It sounds exactly to me like you're arguing that boomers are intentionally complicit in oppression for their own benefit, just like business owners are. &gt;It's an uphill battle but I think that one is winnable whereas convincing capital to support labor is not winnable. Convincing the petty bourgeoisie to see billionaires at the enemy is not only winnable, it's statistically just as viable as getting boomers to do it.
&gt; Love the idea that I’m not allowed to criticise them but they get a free pass lmao I know you're trying to do an A = A thing here but it's not really, because it doesn't make sense if you invert it: "Love the idea that other people aren't allowed to criticize but I get a free pass lmao". You're complaining about people complaining. The solution to your problem is to outlaw complaining, except you're also complaining. Also, the ability to criticize public figures is more important than the ability to criticize nobodies. I mean your argument is effectively that Natalie has done a lot for trans rights and thus should be "above suspicion" which is itself really weird.
&gt;The difference here is that we've made some serious strides fighting things like sexism and homophobia (racism is so materially inflected you could make a good case either way) at exactly the same time we've went backward on the class war, so I think the former set of battles is more winnable by the left. What does this have to do with boomers, who are arguably the primary cause of our going "backward on the class war"? &gt;Those same petty bourgeois have generally sided with fascism every time it's been on the table. So have boomers. Again, this is a weird argument to make. Boomers have their own privileges and values they are loathe to surrender, for the exact same reason that small business owners fight for their position *even if* they would actually be better off under a socialist government. It's functionally the same: two groups of people who are ideologically opposed to socialism regardless of their genuine material conditions.
"Sheepdogs" and "wolves" refers to the deeply fascist argument made in American Sniper (and, in a similar fashion, in Team America World Police). The sheepdogs are unpleasant. The sheep don't like them. But you need a sheepdog to protect the sheep from wolves, so their unpleasantness is preferable to being eaten. Similarly, military personnel and police argue that, yes, they're unpleasant and brutal and vicious, but it's better to have them around than to be left to the "wolves" (terrorists, criminals, etc). It's a metaphor that exists solely for cops and soldiers to justify being sociopaths because "what if there's someone worse than us, then what are you going to do". The real answer is that the "sheep" can defend themselves just fine, thank you very much. It's also not a particularly accurate metaphor because sheep love sheepdogs, i.e. dogs who live with the flock to protect them. What they don't like are *herding* dogs, who exist to terrify the sheep into compliance and do NOT protect the flock, which is a more accurate metaphor for the police.
&gt; The deal owners of capital have is "you have power over others in your life, and you stay rich or at least quite well off". Do you really think small business owners are "quite well off" any more than average boomers are? This is such a weird tangent. Boomers benefited materially from their complicity with capital. They got cheap houses that increased in value, they got good-paying jobs that haven't fired them, etc etc, and all it took was for them to agree to dismantle the conditions that gave them those advantages. The idea that boomers are poor but "have power over others in their lives" is immaterial nonsense. It's really clear this conversation is useless at this point, you're just leaning really hard into the idea that boomers are "redeemable" because they're not REALLY class traitors or anything, whereas small business owners must be well-off because that's their place in capitalism. This whole thing is a big warning sign against doctrinal inflexibility.
Good news, friend: playing the game with different stats will unlock new content you'd never even *imagined* was there before. Of course it'll all be relatively small and you'll never be able to solve the mystery with fresh eyes again, but one playthrough is definitely not enough to see all the content the game has to offer.
"What if magic, but with real elements" is just Full Metal Alchemist.
&gt;I just wanted to step in and point out that *perhaps* your argument with the other person was based on a misinterpretation. I've suggested that of course my interpretation might've been wrong as well, but I just wanted to point it out since two people arguing about something when actually all along they agree is pretty frustrating. Multiple people agreed with my post and your defense does not line up with the OP's argument at all. It seems much more likely that you jumped into a situation and added nothing significant to it. &gt;There are literally zero red jelly beans in my apartment but there are not literally zero red jelly beans in my city. "There are literally zero red jelly beans in the city." "No there's not, there's some jelly beans right there." "What if I was talking about in my apartment?" This is not some logically defiant argument. It's an annoyance with no backing to it, goalpost moving bordering on gaslighting. Please just fuck off.
That distinction isn't real. Socialism is worker ownership of the means of production, and is generally supposed to be democratic. For example, a "soviet" (as in the Union of Soviet Socialist Republics) is a council. The USSR was supposed to be a collection of republics run by elected councils, who then sent delegates to represent themselves for larger affairs. Lenin's model of governance was called [democratic centralism](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Democratic_centralism) and it basically meant that whatever the majority agreed upon was binding for everyone. You could argue that it wasn't democratic in practice, but it was still democratic on paper. There are very few explicitly anti-democratic socialist ideologies. You might be thinking instead of "[social democracy](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Social_democracy)", i.e. welfare capitalism. Social democracy also worries about the "parasites at the top", but is content to raise taxes on them rather than trying to actually strip them of their power.
&gt;It would be even more fragmented I'm crying right now imagining the death of our beloved and sensible two-party system.
&gt; not realizing that the game really puts that away Not really, TBH. For all the talk of communist atrocities, there's almost no actual in-universe examples of it. "Communism" was only in power for 4 years before the Moralintern destroyed it. The same Moralintern, by the way, that worked alongside fascists to kill communists, killed the fascists when they stopped being useful, and then carried out a program of mass extermination on the communists that remained. Not to mention the Senorita Pineapple company and the actions of companies like Krenel that are tacitly accepted by the moralists and ultraliberals. The most consistent characterization of communism in Disco Elysium is that it was tragically strangled in its infancy, and the communists that remain are deeply depressed about their chances of bringing about a better world. Which, for some reason, real-life leftists find relatable.
The mural and the apartment are both examples of modern-day moralists saying "the communists definitely committed these atrocities", which - in light of the fact that moralists are stated to commit multiple atrocities themselves - ring kind of hollow. Unreliable narrators are a thing. There's also no evidence of starvation from any source I saw. Again, the communists were only in power for 4 years during a time of constant warfare, that's not really enough time for changes in farming policies to lead to starvation.
&gt;It's known as a severely degenerated rogue state. I mean, it's the only communist state left in a world that brutally destroyed all the other ones, do you expect it to be healthy? &gt;Also the story of how communists executed a bunch of Feld workers. Never substantiated. It's true that they definitely seized the building, but I don't think there's any evidence given of executions apart from a moralist saying it happened.
&gt;I wish instead of just saying these types of things people gave examples. He has enough examples that you could just look them up himself. [He jokes along with a fake trans account obviously made by a transphobe](https://twitter.com/rickygervais/status/1207980897837998080). [He's done the "I identify as x" joke multiple times](https://twitter.com/kat_blaque/status/1189989437549117440). [He basically called the concept of being transgender inherently ridiculous](https://www.theguardian.com/stage/2017/mar/14/ricky-gervais-transgender-jokes-caitlyn-jenner-transphobia). &gt;I don’t like this culture where we hear something and just repeat it. So and so is racist and transphobic? Ok, why? On the one hand it's not bad to want evidence. On the other hand, shut the fuck up you snide little weasel. You know there's evidence, you could easily have looked it up yourself. Sometimes things are common knowledge, you don't have to reassert evidence for literally every claim you make. If I say the sky is blue in passing, do I have to provide photographic evidence for this? You have access to the same worldwide information network that everyone else does.
Sorry, you're right, he spends half his time mocking trans people and the other half going OH ARE YOU OFFENDED? HAVE I OFFENDED YOU? In the age of ten thousand "Triggered" comedy specials on Netflix, Gervais offers nothing of importance. Even his Golden Globes comments were insanely banal, the only reason he said them was to be edgy. It's impossible to imagine that he has any moral reason for doing it.
&gt; an absurd reflexive what-the-fuck tankie (Measurehead) Measurehead is an anti-communist who thinks the entire ideology is weak and degenerate, he works for the Claire brothers for personal reasons.
&gt;No need to be such a dick about it, most people aren’t going to do their own research unfortunately I don't care. Do you feel the need to provide cited evidence for every claim you make? "Ricky Gervais is openly and unapologetically transphobic" is a well known fact. Shove off.
He's not operating at "a basic level of competence and fulfillment" so he should probably stop trying to tell other people how to live their lives.
&gt; Your view of helping isnt the only one, especially in a complex economic system Republicans on immigration: "It's simple, we don't have enough resources for everyone, so we can't let anyone else in." Republicans on anything else in the economy: "It's complex, okay yes we have enough resources, but if we just gave them to everyone then it would cause chaos for reasons you're not smart enough to understand." How peculiar! &gt; Both of these policies work Except for supply side economics, which doesn't. &gt;Supply side economics on the other hand got us out of the biggest recession since the great depression. "Supply side economics works because it 'got us out' of a problem caused by capitalism, even though we still haven't recovered from it and the gap between rich and poor is at the level of the Gilded Age." It's very obvious that the Republican pitch is about not helping people, but instead telling people to help themselves. The only reason to stop immigration is to try to exclude poor Mexicans from the labor market. There is no explanation for this besides cultural chauvinism and nationalism. A sincere capitalist wouldn't care about borders, nor would a sincere meritocrat. The only reason to say "we need to help Americans first" is blind nationalism.
&gt;We are nowhere near the technology required for a post scarcity society. We are definitely in an overabundant society. If we really wanted to, we could eliminate world hunger and many preventable diseases. The reason we don't is that our economy is driven by an oligarchic structure, not that we lack the resources. That is to say, the people who make the decisions want to reinforce their own standing. If capitalism achieved post-scarcity, it would still maintain artificial scarcity in order to keep society stratified. Do you think the corporation that developers the first replicator is going to accept a totally equal society?
&gt;If you are you are unwilling to spend your own money to defend against this problem you claim everyone knows is coming (which I don’t believe) You do know "unemployment insurance" is something that really exists, right? And most people get it, wait for it, through the state. Almost as if universal programs paid for by taxes can offer a collective security net.
In the 1800s, farmers made up about 80-90% of the population. [Now it's 12.5%](http://payscale.com/career-news/2018/06/wait-how-many-us-jobs-are-dependent-on-agriculture), including the manufacturing and engineering jobs you're talking about. The largest employment group in the United States is the basically unnecessary service &amp; leisure industry, i.e. people who could stop working entirely and very little about our economy would truly suffer as a result.
&gt;It's definitely contributing. That link says there is a shortage of 122,000 doctors. For contrast, there are 3.7 million fast food workers. "Just become doctors" would fix the problem for a very small number of people. And in any case, the incentives to become a doctor (wealth &amp; stability) are ostensibly already there. Short of making college free, there's not that much more you can do to push people to becoming doctors, and there's not enough positions available to even partially replace low-wage work. &gt;No, I think people understand their healthcare plans I can find studies going back for years saying that they don't. [Here's one of the more recent ones](https://www.policygenius.com/blog/health-insurance-literacy-survey-2019/). &gt;they also know very well that there are intentional loopholes and pitfalls in those plans If you don't know where the loopholes and pitfalls are, then you don't understand your healthcare plan.
&gt;Sure, whoever invents a matter replicator isn't going to want to give it up, but eventually someone will buy one and construct their own. At that point it doesn't matter who invents it. This isn't really an argument. "Eventually someone else will make a hyper-complicated piece of megatechnology" is not a feasible conclusion. In our own current economy, there are lots of very important technologies that have stayed firmly in the hands of billionaires and their corporations. What makes you think that matter replicators are going to become open-source and/or accessible to everyone? &gt;But there is absolutely a scarcity for resources at the moment No there isn't. Again: there is enough food to feed everyone. There isn't a desire for it. &gt;For a civilization with unlimited energy utilization and machines that can make anything with the touch of a button, it wouldn't even make sense to have currency or capitalism. It is naive to think that societal hierarchies are the result of resource scarcity and not, you know, intentional design. Your belief that societal inequality is an unavoidable material problem is false.
&gt;We have nationalised healthcare here in the UK and we have the exact same problems as the US with extreme waiting times, sometimes years, for surgeries. Tories have intentionally underfunded the NHS to push for privatization. Also, you don't have the same problems because nobody in the UK goes bankrupt from medical bills, which is relatively common in the United States.
&gt;What technology is only in the hands of billionaires? Can the average person build a factory? Can the average person get enough capital together to compete with existing megacorporations? Saying "everyone would have a replicator" is like saying "everyone would have a factory".
Summary of that thread: "Joking about failing your students is bad, but joking about raping women is good."
&gt;it is not a conservative policy to nationalise the NHS I didn't say they would, I said they'd privatize it. You know, the thing that - as you pointed out - Labour keeps accusing them of doing, and which they keep trying to do. &gt;Clearly the hospitals have those set prices because they know the insurance company will pay, who in return just charge the people more. You don't know anything about our health care and yet you seem very willing to propose solutions to it. You *have* to realize how insulting this is. I'm not wasting any more time on this; I suggest if you want to have a conversation with someone else about it you should at least have some understanding of the market forces at work that allow exploitative practices.
Is that really true though? Everyone has limits. Would you watch a show about Nazis gleefully executing prisoners? Would you watch a show about fascists jockeying for power? Probably not. Yet we still accept monarchism pretty much without reservation.
Congratulations on being a fucking creep then. The people who are like "I can root for fictional fascists without being a real fascist" have a perfect overlap with the people who are like "I can masturbate to fictional child pornography without being a real pedophile".
&gt;Iron Sky movie had such a buzz 100% because people sold it as “nazis on the moon dude!”. I remember lots of my friends being excited for that. They weren't the heroes. If there was a movie where the Nazis were portrayed as heroic you would know about it because the general public would be upset. That's why we don't have a "Birth of a Nation" expanded universe in theaters right now.
Actually there's no reason to root for Simba if you think monarchy is bad in real life. The entire story of the Lion King is rooted in the idea that monarchy is correct and the wrong person being in charge is objectively toxic to the environment. And you got swept up in it because of production values, not because of your staunch moral code.
&gt;but comparing enjoying Lord of the Rings to being a pedophile makes you sound like a fucking nutjob It's a pretty obvious comparison since someone is saying "it doesn't matter what you enjoy as long as it's fiction". Also there's lots of people with anime avatars who very clearly enjoy animated child pornography, even if they call it "lolicon" to pretend it's not that. So the idea that it's some niche thing is pretty much incorrect. In fact it's about as common as people who are deeply invested in rooting for Nazis while claiming that they themselves aren't Nazis (people who root for Nazis and admit they are Nazis are something different altogether).
&gt;Cool, that's just one area, what about all of the other ones I mentioned? Content creation, engineering, software developing, etc? People are going to need to program robots, after all. None of those are enough. This is a farce. &gt;You're arguing against the numbers. The bottom line is, today, we have a glut of people doing some jobs, and not enough people doing other jobs. You fundamentally don't understand how economics work, ironically enough for a guy who praises the value of education. I don't have time to offer a full remedial course on it, but suffice to say, "we should shuffle around employees without changing ownership" is not a solution. As long as the employee-employer relationship exists, most people are only going to be working if it is beneficial to someone at the top. Do you really think billionaires care about the unemployment rate? It honestly makes their lives easier because more unemployment = lower value of labor. They want to control all the resources and give out as little as they can in return. The idea that things will just work out if we shift industries is obviously false because *there will never be enough jobs* to replace what is lost. We need to move to a fundamentally different understanding of labor instead of going "okay yes we'll lose 3 million food service jobs but we'll GAIN .5 million nursing jobs". I'm not "arguing against the numbers". The numbers are very obviously on my side and you've been struggling against this the entire time. Frankly, it's pathetic, and I've wasted enough time arguing about this.
I'm taking it a pretty normal amount of seriously. Most people would not go to a movie where the Nazis were the heroes, dude. I'm just pointing out that monarchy gets a free pass where fascism generally does not.
&gt;And that is indeed why I feel no moral qualms about enjoying fictional depravity and violence. Okay, so you're okay with animated child pornography, for the record? &gt;You're making the same thought mistake as people who think metalheads or Satanists eat babies in ritual ceremonies. No, I'm pointing out that most normal people have a line. You obviously don't.
&gt;you’re one of those insufferable nerds that acts condescending towards people because they liked something you didn’t like. And you're one of the insufferable nerds who freaks out at even the slightest criticism of an obvious problem. &gt;Obviously you don’t have to be a monarchist to like the movie or else the majority of people in America would be clamoring for a monarchy The majority of people in America would not enjoy a movie about Nazi heroes, but they are okay with the Lion King. This suggests that most people do take fiction seriously, but have a blind spot about monarchism, which is the point being made!
When you had the debate those "million times" did you say whether or not you were okay with lolicon pornography? What was your answer in those debates? Because you did say you were okay with "fictional depravity" which I assume includes animated depictions of child sex, something most people would consider unacceptable.
You mean the comedy that explicitly mocks the Nazis instead of glamorizing them or treating them as heroes? The one where the young protagonist gradually realizes the Nazis are, in fact, bad?
&gt;Discussing dog whistles and innate desires for fascism instilled in us takes tact and nobody is ever going to listen to you if what you’re saying is antagonistically provocative. In general conversation with normal people, "we shouldn't root for fictional Nazis" would be pretty common-sense, as would "we shouldn't jerk off to fictional child porn". The thing that made this conversation go off the rails is all the "leftists" vehemently arguing that as long as something is fictional it doesn't matter, to the point that even rooting for fascists is considered acceptable. This has nothing to do with tact and everything to do with this space being populated by nerds, whose love of fictional depravity overrides whatever political or moral standards they would otherwise have. Again, it would be easier to make this argument in real life than to make it on Reddit.
&gt; You know they're taking the piss out of you, right? Believe me dude, the people who are mad because I'm being mean to fiction aren't "taking the piss out of me", they're just mad. &gt; It's because it's a bit absurd an argument to make. "People shouldn't cheer for fictional Nazis" is common sense everywhere except in nerd communities. &gt; It's like undertaking critical analysis of Teletubbies "The thing I'm vehemently defending is dumb and for children" is a pretty amazing defense but I'm glad you tried to make it.
&gt;Someone could say "I like sex" and you would be crying out loud that it MUST imply that they also like abusing minors or some shit. "I'm okay with any type of sex." "Does that include sex with children?" "HOW COULD YOU ASK ME THAT??? The answer is actually yes I am okay with it." If you say "nothing matters as long as it's fictional" you should be prepared for some incredibly obvious questions. Lolicon is common and pervasive enough in nerd culture that you should be prepared to answer a question about it if you're arguing vehemently that fiction doesn't matter.
&gt;That undermines the seasons of struggles you just rooted them through, because how could the supposed good guys reject democracy? That sounds like the thing I just said. You're okay with supporting a monarchist, you'd just become uncomfortable if they actually voiced support for their system of governance instead of passively accepting it. What exactly do you think monarchism is?
&gt;I don’t know how this discussion has even progressed to where I had to say that. Let me map out this conversation for you. 1: I said "everyone has a line, most people wouldn't root for Nazis for example, but monarchism generally gets a pass". 2: A person responds to this by saying "actually I would root for the Nazis" and gets upvoted. 3: I compared that person to a person who says fictional child pornography is okay, because it's the same logic of "disgusting things are okay as long as they're fictional". Keeping in mind that this is not hyperbole and there are lots of people who make this argument about fictional child pornography. Right now, you're arguing that you can't make conclusions about people based on the escapist fiction they enjoy. But I came up with a very obvious example of fiction most people find distasteful, and you immediately backtracked and went "well okay yes SOME fiction is bad but I shouldn't have to say that". This is what is irritating. You want to defend The Lion King, but instead of just doing that, you come up with this ridiculous theory that fiction is okay (except when it's not) and stories defending monarchism are okay (except when they do it in a way that makes you uncomfortable) and then you act like I'm the weirdo here. Get some actual principles, for the love of God.
Yes, that was my initial intention. I was expecting to establish a baseline that sometimes fiction can be distasteful, and that while people are okay with some things, they still have a line for what's acceptable and what's not. I was not expecting vehement support for "rooting for Nazis", which is why I escalated to something that even more people would find distasteful. Which, by the way, wasn't really hyperbole - there are a lot of people online who defend animated child pornography with the same logic of "it's just fiction so it doesn't matter". I wasn't making that up.
&gt;Then why are you arguing with me?? Because you keep going "fiction doesn't matter, you can't analyze people based on the fiction they like" and then flinching when I point out a very obvious exception to that rule. &gt;You can disagree with my reasoning as to why it doesn’t cross the line for people, but I think that we agree that it doesn’t in general The difference is that I believe it SHOULD cross the line. If you also believe it should cross the line, you sure have spent a lot of time reiterating that whole "fiction doesn't matter except when it does" cycle.
&gt;Well, it don’t cross a line. No shit, that's why I say it "should" cross a line and not that it "does" cross a line for most people. &gt;Don’t know what else to tell you at this point. You could just, you know, stop. Just stop subjecting me to this garbage argument.
40k has to justify the Imperium by making its enemies way worse. Also, it does have a significant *genuine Nazi* fanbase, which, you know, probably worth taking into account when you're trying to argue if it's harmless or not.
&gt;as long as it is merely fictional, even a hardcore leftist can enjoy such hobbies and root for the Imperium. Then I'll ask you what I asked everyone else who said "it's okay as long as it's fictional": how do you feel about animated child pornography? If the answer is "of course it's not okay, that's too far", then I'm correct. Everyone has a line. If the answer is "that's fine too" then you're at least being consistent.
People get mad because it implies criticism of something they personally like, which they take as a personal attack. To be honest I didn't think "people generally don't want to root for the Nazis even in fiction" would be a controversial take on a *leftist subreddit* but here we are.
"Actually rape porn is mainstream" is straw-grasping. Most people recognize that at least some fictional things are off-limits even though it's not real, for example people saying "fictional child porn is not okay" even though no actual children are hurt. That's just the reality of our society, my dude, they aren't going to release "Birth of a Nation 2" for general audiences.
&gt;To have control over either a nation or to be more powerful than you really are? If I asked you how you'd spend a million dollars and you said "I would become the next Jeffrey Epstein" it would set off some alarm bells even though you haven't really done anything. Why do you WANT to be a bad person? Why is it escapist for you to torture people? What do you get out of it? Fiction doesn't exist in a vacuum. You use fiction to "escape". That's why it's escapism. So you get out of this reality and you go to a better one, something that has elements that you want. And the elements you want are "being able to torment people". That's it? That's the grand sum of your imagination? &gt;You’re not exactly insulting me by pointing this out; much of media is based on this exact appeal. I don't see how it's not insulting just because it's common. The general public does lots of things that are pathetic or distasteful. Remember *300*? &gt;Sometimes I just want to check out the physics engine, so I hit a pedestrian with a car in GTA. Sometimes I want to explore the narrative of the “bad ending”. Sometimes doing the “bad” thing in a video game is the mechanically better option, and I can feel comfortable making the decision to do it because ultimately I’m not hurting anyone real. I don't think any of those answers are accurate. The way you phrased it before was that you were seeking out bad things to do, rather than simply doing them because they were incidental. Pretending you're just curious about the bad ending or the physics engine (lol) is obvious horseshit. Also why are you trying to use "mechanically better" as a crutch? Do you think mechanics in games exist apropos of nothing? If there was a game that gave you a +5 bonus if you raped a child, would you be like "well I gotta have that bonus, guess I have no choice"? Honestly, the fact that you have to mask your actions like this doesn't speak well for your self-confidence about the morality of your actions. If you really believed fiction didn't matter you'd just come out and say "I enjoy pretending to hurt people, so I do it", but you try to use these excuses instead. &gt;Do any of these choices speak to a lack of morality on my end? Or that I’m pathetic? Idk, seems awfully judgemental to me to make a condemnation like that. So what? I'm not obliged to be nice to you. I'm not advocating that you be thrown in jail but if you can't take someone treating you like a creep I suggest you exile yourself from society in general.
&gt;No I see it as an outlet to my existential dread of fascism gaining power, among other things. What, are you getting practice for switching sides or something? Immersing yourself in a fascist hellscape and cheering for fascist heroes doesn't exactly seem like an "outlet" for a fear of fascism. &gt;Honestly all of your bellyaching about how people consume fantasy or entertainment comes off to me exactly like the people who panic about D&amp;D being satanic, or Harry Potter being literal evil witchcraft. Why is it you see someone saying "this is kind of distasteful" as basically the same as someone saying "anyone who does this should be in jail"? Here's a comparison for you: you're acting like a person who's just been told his Halloween costume is culturally insensitive. "It's not REAL racism, it's just a fun costume, why are you so uptight about it?"
&gt; You can’t blame him for using the advantage of the way the laws are written If murder was legalized, it would still be immoral to murder people. A murderer who went around murdering people and said "they oughta make a law to stop me from doing this!" is still a piece of shit.
People who are defending the existence of billionaires aren't promoting Bernie's ideology, since he has repeatedly said they shouldn't exist. The very existence of billionaires is so harmful to our democracy and our economy that making excuses for them is itself harmful. If the argument is "a billionaire is only good if they give their money away" then wouldn't it make more sense to take their money away by force instead of waiting for them to do so voluntarily?
&gt;Elon Musk isn’t that system. Your argument is that billionaire business owner and venture capitalist Elon Musk isn't part of the system of capitalism. That's what you're going with. &gt;He’s still providing mass amounts of jobs. Elon Musk is not "providing jobs". At best, the market is providing them, and Elon Musk is the one who is capitalizing on the demand. And he is able to do this because his own capital puts him in a position over his workers. You know, the workers [he refuses to allow to unionize](https://www.vox.com/identities/2019/9/30/20891314/elon-musk-tesla-labor-violation-nlrb)? He's not even a good boss, yet here you are trying to argue that he's a generous job creator and benefactor to society. Let me restate that so it's clear: he's not even a good *boss*. Even if you put aside the systemic problems of capitalism, and look at this through a capitalist mindset, he's not even good in those terms. And yet you, an ostensible anti-capitalist and socialist, are defending him on the grounds that he creates jobs?
&gt;Actually you’re right I’m not a socialist. I’m a democratic socialist. "Democratic socialism is a political philosophy that advocates for political democracy alongside a socially owned economy, with a particular emphasis on workers' self-management and democratic control of economic institutions within market socialism, or some form of a decentralised planned socialist economy. Democratic socialists argue that capitalism is inherently incompatible with the values of freedom, equality and solidarity and that these ideals can only be achieved through the realisation of a socialist society." Does that sound like what you're arguing? &gt;Democratic socialists advocate capitalism and interventionism. That's Social Democracy. As in, the [Social Democratic Party of Germany](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Social_Democratic_Party_of_Germany), for example. It's not the same thing as Democratic Socialism. Although even for a Social Democrat, "billionaires create value and shouldn't be maligned" is still pretty bootlicky. Are you sure you're not just a liberal? &gt;You don’t even understand those basic theories. Why are you here? You haven't even read the definition of the ideology you're claiming to support.
&gt; \-There are many allusions to things that are Earth-centric. There are mentions of animals like leeches, there's salami, there's a line about "the dark ages" etc. By this logic, Breath of the Wild takes place on earth because you can bake bread and ride horses.
&gt;my reasoning is that there aren't that many things about DE that are purely fantastical By that reasoning, Ace Combat takes place on Earth because there's no magic in it. I don't know why people accept the idea of "another world" in fantasy eras but putting one in the modern era, without magic, seems to trip them up. Not every fictional world is Earth. It's fiction. I get that you're arguing that there's a chance Disco Elysium's world might be a postapocalyptic Earth, but the OP saying "there's things similar to our world" as proof is nonsense. Every setting has something from "our world" in it, except for the most abstract and mind-blowing fantasy works. &gt;BotW could take place on Earth If you were arguing that it takes place on Earth, "some things are like Earth, such as bread" would not contribute to the argument.
&gt; yet it catches my attention when people start ascribing such polarizing labels as evil to a group of people. It reeks of religious undertones and makes nearly *any* action therefore allowable. Ironic considering that you're saying anyone opposed to the existence of billionaires are basically the same as fascists because they both call things "evil". You hate groupthink but willingly and cheerfully indulge in it when it suits you to do so. And it's predicated on such a ridiculous and childish notion, too. &gt; I like this tribe You're literally opposed to one of the fundamental tenets of socialism - that inequality is fundamentally wrong, that the economy should be controlled democratically, and that oligarchy and autocracy are unacceptable. What about this "tribe" do you claim to like?
&gt;A sub for democratic socialism that spends its time shitting on the author of the Accountable Capitalism Act has to be the most pathetically inane thing I've seen in weeks. "You hate capitalism but also hate a program that was explicitly designed to preserve capitalism by watering down its worst elements, how curious."
You can find the Book of Innocences in the bookstore that talks about the Innocences going all the way back to the first one, the Pernikarnassian, who invented the gold standard. There's some related lore from his era, such as the fact that the Semenese Islanders crossed the pale 3700 years before it was possible by airship, and are likely the descendants of explorers from the Pernikarnassian's time.
You're making the very bizarre assumption that Sanders is being weakened by this, which is unfounded. If anything it seems to be galvanizing supporters to him &amp; making it clear what the stakes in the race are. Do you have literally any proof that this feud is harming Bernie apart from the fact that he's been slandered as a sexist?
1) Some elements of the DNC are absolutely willing to throw it away if it means keeping a socialist out of the White House. 2) The ACA isn't good enough anyways, and it's pretty obvious that the DNC as a whole is going to block any attempts to improve it.
&gt; I'm saying that they don't always get their way. Okay, so what? You're saying "the DNC isn't trying to take the ACA away". I'm arguing that they would cheerfully accept a Trump re-election if it meant Bernie lost. They would absolutely sacrifice the ACA if it meant keeping out socialism. Your arguments are not convincing.
&gt;Anyone who has kept up with Joe over the decades knows he is very open minded spiritually and politically. Joe's so "open minded" that he absorbs the political viewpoint of anyone he happens to be interviewing at the time, including dudes like Jordan Peterson and Elon Musk. It's funny that people are leaping on his refusal to interview centrist liberals as proof that he must be progressive even though he's had plenty of right-wing figures on his program with almost no pushback against them. Also, he had an anti-PC standup special called "Triggered". Do you genuinely think Bernie Sanders of all people would approve of someone mocking feminism and PTSD victims?
Jordan Peterson, Elon Musk, Sam Harris...
&gt;isn't Sam Harris liberal though? As liberal as Joe Biden or Pete Buttigieg, which is to say he cheerleaded the Iraq War and wrote articles justifying the use of torture. He's also repeatedly supported and defended right-wing demagogues like Milo Yiannopoulos, Stefan Molyneux and Carl Benjamin. You can read about that [here](https://rationalwiki.org/wiki/Sam_Harris).
&gt;you can have friends you dont agree with If I was a "progressive" and one of my friends was harassing the family of children murdered during a mass shooting, I would probably not be their friend anymore. I know this is "litmus testing" but I do not think it's unreasonable.
&gt;They were friends before sandy hook Alex was a fucking sociopath before Sandy Hook too. &gt;and the next time they talked, joe addressed it directly In that clip, at around the 12 minute mark, Alex claims he's been defamed and misquoted by the EVIL MEDIA and while Joe does very softly push back on this he basically agrees that the misrepresentation did in fact occur. It's about as weak a counter as you can give. Again, I find it very hard to take his whole "I didn't let Biden and Buttigieg on my show" schtick seriously when this is the kind of content he DOES allow.
&gt;then put him on his platform so alex could tell the very people he misled that he was wrong That's not really what he did, so fuck off. &gt;Of the people who listened to the joe/alex podcast, how many do we really think were swayed towards alexs way of thinking (who werent alreadyfans of alex)? He went on and said "the media defamed me" and Joe said "yes the media defamed you" and you don't think anyone believed either of them? You think the viewership just skimmed by that? Again, just fuck off.
&gt;there's no contract where you can sign or resign. You absolutely can "resign" from the United States, it's called moving to another country. We already talked about this.
&gt;Instead of leaving your country, stay and fight to make it a better place The libertarian answer to bad employers: "if you don't like it, work somewhere else!" The libertarian answer to bad landlords: "If you don't like it, move somewhere else!" The libertarian answer to bad suppliers: "If you don't like it, shop somewhere else!" The libertarian answer to bad nations: "How dare you tell me to move somewhere else just because I don't like it!" Hypocritical.
&gt; being born in a country is something circumstantial that you cannot choose Children don't pay taxes. Once you're an adult who pays taxes, you can move to wherever you want. So what's the problem? Literally your only defense is that moving is "hard". You obviously don't really care about community or homeland because you'd be okay with eviction if it was done by a landlord. The reality is that you're perfectly okay with oppression and mistreatment when corporations do it and only complain when states do it. As a Latin American you'd think you'd have a greater awareness of companies like the United Fruit Company and the negative effects they've had on the region.
&gt;Where can they go where we don't have to pay 'those fees?' That's not my problem. Libertarians say that having a choice is good enough. You have a choice of where to live. Why aren't markets fixing this? If a worker says "I don't like the way companies treat me", the libertarian answer is "find a different company". You don't care if there's no good companies, you think "having a choice" is good enough. If a tenant says "I don't like the way landlords treat me", it's the same thing. If a customer says "I don't like the way suppliers treat me", it's the same thing. But when it comes to nations, suddenly you're talking about changing society and how terrible it is that none of the options you have are good enough. Why is this? If it's okay for you to try to change society, is it okay for socialists to try to change society?
&gt; I'm not discussing basic shit with a lefty You already tried to and you failed. It's too late to claim you're "above this". You made an argument ("you don't consent to being born in a state"), I countered it ("children don't pay taxes and adults can move"), and now you're upset. Grow up. &gt; have a nice day and read a fucking book [Here's a book for you.](https://www.amazon.com/Bitter-Fruit-American-Guatemala-Expanded/dp/067401930X/ref=pd_sbs_14_1/133-9528193-5433513?_encoding=UTF8&amp;pd_rd_i=067401930X&amp;pd_rd_r=bacbc047-f6ff-4b51-a6ba-9b474d3dc61c&amp;pd_rd_w=AkhaI&amp;pd_rd_wg=fKUW4&amp;pf_rd_p=bdd201df-734f-454e-883c-73b0d8ccd4c3&amp;pf_rd_r=2QWMAY8WBHPPPKWEC1RB&amp;psc=1&amp;refRID=2QWMAY8WBHPPPKWEC1RB)
&gt;you think that you won an argument by saying that if I don't like my country I should leave? That doesn't fix anything. I won the argument by pointing out that libertarians are hypocrites when it comes to "market solutions". Libertarians argue that as long as you have a choice, you are not being "forced" to do anything. But you aren't "forced" to live in a particular state, and yet you still complain about it. All the things you hate states for are things you'd be okay with if a private corporation did them, and plenty of private corporations are willing to use state violence to protect their own interests. So what's the actual difference? Your pathetic argument - that moving from one country to another isn't good enough - isn't a counter. How do you think people feel when they're evicted from neighborhoods they grew up in? How do you think people feel when their jobs are sent overseas? Libertarians have never cared about such things before, why do you expect it to fly now? &gt;And you recommend an anti-imperialist book to a Libertarian, you clearly don't know what a libertarian is. A libertarian is a bootlicker who's fine with imperialism as long as it's motivated by corporate interests. Read the fucking book. I'm done with you.
It's in the link I gave. &gt;Harris went to a live event with Christian Picciolini, a former neo-nazi who had renounced racism and started a program to deprogram other white supremacists. During the event Picciolini criticized Stefan Molyneux: "Stefan Molyneux is a name I know pretty well, because a significant number of parents have reached out to me because they have reached their children to his ideology, and he's now a pretty rabid white nationalist...he's a holocaust denier, or he's very close to it in how he is towing the line to it because he knows how not to step over it." After video to the event had been uploaded to Youtube, Stefan Molyneux sent an e-mail asking Sam Harris to censor this and the rest of Christian Picciolini's criticism of him for being slander. Sam Harris obliged and deleted 6 minutes from the audio clip, resulting in Picciolini calling Harris out as an enabler of white supremacy. As of this writing, Sam Harris still denies knowing whether Stefan Molyneux is a racist. Harris spends more time criticizing the left than the right, and he spends a LOT of time defending the right and arguing that they're not racist. If that's "liberal" to you then I have a bridge to sell you. &gt; As for the others, I'm naturally skeptical Like Harris you're only "skeptical" in defense of white guys who defend torture or justify racism, so you're a perfect fan for him.
&gt;That land is owned by the property owners that live there. And who sold it to them initially? Do you genuinely think that when the United States sold land to private citizens it included a contract that said "the US government waives all ownership rights and enforcement rights on this particular property"? That's a stupid argument even for a libertarian. The land claimed by a nation-state does not cease to be part of that nation-state simply because it has been sold or leased to a private citizen.
If that's true then neither do private citizens, since they bought the land from the United States initially (before being passed from citizen to citizen in a series of trades). So where did they get the "right" to that land from? How can the US have no legitimate claim to the land, but the citizens who bought it from the US do?
&gt;China still had 8% of children ages 10-15 working an average of six hours/day in 2010 China is capitalist so this makes sense. In fact pretty much the entire world is capitalist so all the other countries that still use child labor are also indicted. What was your point supposed to be again?
&gt; Ain’t no one tweeting never sanders They absolutely were, and have been since 2016. What point were you trying to make again?
You spend your time defending a guy who is on the record as repeatedly defending torture, and *I'm* the one who's being antagonistic?
&gt;The citizens did not buy the land because the land was never US property. Okay, so whose land is it? &gt;Citizens paid the US so they would not kill them and use that land to extort someone else. Yes I'm sure when a billionaire buys land his first concern is stopping the US from "using that land to extort someone else". Are you high?
&gt;What, do you think Sam Harris just likes hurting people or something. That's pretty much his entire milieu, so yes. &gt;How about you're antagonistic for immediately concluding that I am a racist within the first moment of meeting me, based on nothing. I didn't base it on nothing, I based it on the fact that you were defending Sam Harris for defending racists. Fuck off.
&gt;when a billionare pays the government he does it to avoid being killed Except he could leave, or hire his own forces, or do what a lot of real billionaires do and just run the fucking government. The idea that billionaires live in fear of the government because the government has the legal right to use force is ridiculous, my dude. Are you really trying to paint billionaires as underdogs because a piece of paper says they can't technically murder people?
China has billionaires and privately owned companies. It doesn't really have a pretense of communism because, you know, it's not even close to it.
&gt;Society has changed immeasurably since 1992 and we have had no structural changes. That's because we have a significant part of the population that thinks the mercury-drinking slaveowners were infallible and refuses to vote to change things. That's just as much a cultural problem as a systemic one. &gt;A big problem is that as the country has stopped identifying itself as a collection of states and more of a singular national entity, That's not actually a problem, it has no negative effects. In fact one negative concept - the electoral college - is the *result* of that sort of thinking. &gt;Let’s do some creative things and then start apply the things that work to the federal government. Things that work for states might not work for the federal government and vice versa. For example, medicare-for-all is predicated on a government monopsony. It works better with more people involved, so if it failed in one state, that wouldn't prove that it would fail in the federal system. Plus, we already have "state creativity". The state of Kansas did a libertarian experiment and it completely ruined it. How much more proof do you need?
"Only 15% of corporations are privately owned, therefore it's communism." Buddy, try *zero percent* and get back to me.
&gt;You realize that billionares using the government for their own benefit supports my position, right? If there wasn't a government do you think the behavior of billionaires would change, or would they just wield power directly through private armies? If a company like United Fruit is willing to have the government tear down an entire nation, what do you think they'd do if there wasn't a government to get in their way in the first place? &gt;Im against government. You're not against government, you're in favor of billionaires and you simply haven't thought through the consequences. Because you're a child.
&gt;These people use that power to promote the constitution, because they want to keep that power. If they wanted to keep their power more effectively, wouldn't they change the constitution specifically in ways that benefit them and enshrine their own powers? What's the specific advantage to making the constitution static? Please cite some actual text. &gt;The reason I keep making simple statements is because it is that simple. The reason you keep making simple statements is because you're an idiot and it's all you're capable of doing.
&gt;You are imagining our current society without a government. Thats not how a free society would work. How is this different from a socialist saying the same thing? If your argument is "this plan will work if our culture and society change drastically" and you don't have an actual plan to ENACT that change, then it's not just useless, it's *dangerously* useless. All I'm hearing is that you'll allow private actors to do as they please with impunity. In a society that's already rife with abuses of power and gross inequality, how the fuck does your proposal make that BETTER instead of WORSE?
&gt;No it is not, dumb fuck Scintillating defense. As Murray Rothbard would have said, "nuh uh it's different". &gt;That is pure projection coming from a communist. Cooperative self-determination is basically the opposite of serfdom. You're the one who wants to preserve hierarchies and power imbalances, dude. It's your fantasy, not mine. I want a society where everyone has an equal voice and status, you want a society where some people have way more power than others but yet you naively expect they won't abuse it. &gt;"Work or die" isn't coerced you fucking moron. That is nature. It literally predates capitalism or any form of markets whatsoever. Yes, so we agree that by your definition, a serf swearing a contract to a warrior in exchange for protection is basically acceptable. So you're fine with serfdom. What's your problem with it again? &gt;A state grants itself legal protections that regular people do not have. Speaking of things that are "natural" and "predate capitalism", the law of might-makes-right predates statehood, and arguably was the predecessor to it. So when you say "being a landowner does not give a person a moral right to murder someone" I would point out that whether or not they have a "moral right" is less important than whether or not they actually would do it. The NAP is a document that only nerds like you care about. In practice, real billionaires violate it all the time, and for some reason you expect that once the government is out of the way they'll become productively benevolent and respectful of others. &gt;"Hurr only white people steal" is retarded and false. Homesteading is not stealing. "Taking things that were already claimed is not stealing as long as you have a government in place to exterminate natives so the region is empty in the first place". Wow, that sounds like stealing with a few extra steps. Also, like all libertarians you basically need the state to protect you from the common rabble, like how United Fruit swindled the people of Honduras and then called in the US government to protect them from the "evil commies" who wanted them to pay fair taxes. &gt;The state literally claims that it can tax you after you leave And it has a legal precedent for it, also known as a "contract". &gt;that's not even getting into the fact that it's claims are not legitimate. "But homesteading, i.e. the philosophy of finder's keepers, absolutely is." It's amazingly clear to me that like all libertarians you haven't thought through the actual real-life implications of your philosophy for more than a minute. You have a childish idea that markets will sort everything out and the benevolent landowners will absolutely maintain the non-aggression protocol once the evil government is out of the way. In reality, wielding influence and power is very convenient and every wealthy person does it as much as they can. I really can't wait for you to be gunned down by a post-apocalyptic Bezos Gang raiding party while you plead with them that they're not doing things according to market principles. Later, dipshit.
"There's not enough land" is not the problem, the problem is that the land is owned by people who won't allow it to be used without extortionate compensation. This is the difference between "we're out of resources" and "one person controls all the resources and he won't let us have any". Effectively the same, but the solution is vastly different.
The most accurate writing in Disco Elysium is that even if you're also a leftist, the deserter still hates you and calls you a liberal revisionist.
&gt;Why are you bringing up the state? Because capitalism requires the state to exist, and any argument about capitalism-sans-state is purely speculatory. Furthermore, the behavior of capitalist corporations currently suggests very obviously that they would not behave peacefully or fairly if the state was removed. It's utterly delusional. "Market mechanics will prevent violent conflict and subjugation" is undoubtedly one of the stupidest things I've ever read and considering some of your competition that's pretty dire. &gt;My issue with socialism is not that it reduces quality of life everywhere it goes Your issue with socialism is that you don't know what it is, you just read Ayn Rand ranting about the USSR and went "sounds about right". &gt;it's that it violates the natrual rights of the people opressed by it Now you're reduced to talking about "natural rights". As with "homesteading", it's basically a meaningless sentiment. To you, natural rights are not actual rights but the rights you want people to have. Instead of saying "the rights I want people to have" you pretend it comes from some external source. Say it flat out: there are certain rights you care about and certain rights you don't. You don't care if people are forced into signing harmful contracts because that's "fair", but someone being made to pay for collective societal benefits is "not fair". Are you pretending that God invented libertarianism or do you think nature itself invented the idea of a bunch of selfish dipshits refusing to cooperate with each other? Where in nature does the libertarian occur? Being reduced to this state is pathetic on your part. Do some actual reading instead of this "wishful thinking" bullshit. Socialists understand material analysis, but libertarians seem content with pixie dust and magic wishes.
I mean, I basically think you're wrong about that. In-universe, communism has the least amount of blood on its hands and it's shown repeatedly that capitalism is a racist, exploitative engine greased with the blood of workers and minorities. I was just talking about leftist infighting, which is common. That's the joke. &gt;represents "moralism" (which represents both direct centrism as well as" weaker" forms of liberalism) as being stable and not really all that bad as a whole Moralism does nothing about the capitalist death squads, and it brutally exterminated people rising up for self-determination. It's weird to come to the conclusion that it's "stable" when it's responsible for the current decrepit state of Revachol.
&gt;Within cities, where homelessness is a problem, lack of land absolutely is a problem. Again, no it's not. There's no reason to say "within cities". If a city needed to expand, in theory it could. The reason it can't is because the land that it would expand into is owned by wealthy landowners who want to place exactly one (1) house on a 20 acre lot that's mostly mown grass.
Wasn't the mod made by leftists?
&gt; Nuance struggles to gain traction in the age of social media. In 1898 the USS Maine blew up in Havana Harbor. A single newspaper ran the intentionally false story that the Maine was blown up by the Spanish and that was literally enough impetus for us to go to war with Spain and dismantle their colonial empire. If anything, a huge benefit of social media is that you actually CAN get information from a huge number of sources instead of relying on a few media outlets that can be easily manipulated. &gt; Fundamental distrust in the information we see and hear leads to distrust of the institutions around us. Skepticism of powerful institutions is both healthy and logical.
It's similar to the flag of the [Afghanistan People's Democratic Party](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/People%27s_Democratic_Party_of_Afghanistan).
I didn't say "nothing is true" or anything resembling it. I said that you can't count on institutions to be honest when they are talking about things that are against their own material interests. Saying "there's such a thing as facts" is irrelevant, the topic is on whether or not news media will accurately convey those facts.
&gt;To disregard all news and make up your own? How about "take in information from a broad variety of sources and work out what seems the most plausible to you"? &gt;Because if you don’t have some semblance of trust for society, you are not a functional human. The OP said "the state of public discourse is in shambles" and I pointed out that it has always been in shambles, and it's arguably better than it's ever been. Literally a single newspaper making up a story was enough to convince the American public to go to war. If that's your idea of a "functional society" of the kind we need to go back to, you're insane.
&gt;Mostly because you're a cop. He mocks your leftism, though. It's not that he doesn't believe you, he just thinks your brand of leftism is shallow and inferior.
&gt; By buying their stuff you are complicit. People have no real way to avoid interacting with questionable corporations. Every day you interact with hundreds of brands - food, car, gasoline, clothing, electricity, water, etc etc etc - and you basically have no way to establish the moral credibility of those companies, or of the suppliers used by those companies. And even if you did, your only option would be to boycott them, but then what's the alternative? A different company that's just as questionable? This is a core problem of capitalism and it's why saying "if you don't like it, don't consume, you're complicit if you buy their stuff" is ridiculous.
&gt; The crusades were hundreds of years ago [George W. Bush said that God had told him to "end the tyranny" in Iraq.](https://www.theguardian.com/world/2005/oct/07/iraq.usa) This resulted in the disastrous invasion, which created a power vacuum that allowed ISIS to grow in the first place. Do you condemn Christianity because of George W. Bush's actions?
Okay, so when you said "I know its a vocal minority, but if you're going to masquerade under the same team colours I think you can be held responsible for keeping your homies with the rocket launchers in check, that's just my feeling", does that apply to George W. Bush? Would you say that the half of the United States that still views him positively are "masquerading under the same team colours"?
Okay, so when you wrote this statement: &gt; The majority of English people have a set of values which do not align with being aggressive and intolerant towards people with protected characteristics, and I think we're going backwards by allowing these people to spread their hate and division in the name of religion. Do you think that has changed considering that your premise ("English people are good and tolerant, Muslims are hateful and divisive") has been undermined by this logic? After all, the British supported the Iraq War too, or at the very least they did not "actively work" against it. So they're complicit with mass slaughter and death in the name of Christianity. So when you said "I don't like Islam" what you actually meant is "I don't like anyone".
&gt;Only the companies that know "why" they are losing money and how to address it are the ones that prosper. Except their solution doesn't have to be related to my actual concern. All they know is that they have to make up for lost sales. They can do that in a way that's bad for the environment, or unethical, or harmful to their workers. It frankly does not matter to them. What matters is income flow. That's not good enough.
&gt;It wasn't in the name of Christianity, one stupid comment by a politician does not make it a christian war "One stupid comment by the politician who was in charge of the entire thing, whose entire course of action was based on religious motivation" doesn't make it a Christian war? So what would, exactly? Is this like arguing that someone isn't racist unless they come out and say "I am racist and I am doing this thing for racist reasons"? &gt;no Brit with any sense supported the Iraq war anyway [Wrong again!](https://yougov.co.uk/topics/politics/articles-reports/2015/06/03/remembering-iraq) In fact you're falling into the very trap this article talks about, which is that you're imagining that anti-war sentiment was much more common than it really was. And again, by the metrics we established, failing to resist harmful action is the same to you as being complicit in it. Which means the British citizens who did not actively fight against the Iraq War are complicit in it.
&gt; everyone knows the government runs everything efficiently If you're advocating for companies like Comcast, you're supporting all the "inefficiencies" of a government monopoly except without oversight. How is that better, exactly?
Okay so now you're at the level of arguing "Comcast is fine actually", maybe you should actually read the proposal and get an understanding of the problems people are facing instead of using your own experience to argue that everything's fine. Later.
&gt; Yes, we are all the same and believe exactly the same things. If you identify as a conservative I expect you to take responsibility for programs that are supported by a vast overarching number of conservatives. &gt; Also, it wasn't an argument, it was a confirmation of an observation. Then it's a pretty shitty "confirmation of an observation". &gt; It's a wonder your myopic view of the world in which everyone is segmented into neat little boxes so you don't have to think with subtlety and nuance hasn't caught on. The guy whose sole argument is "government bad" wants to talk about subtlety and nuance. I think we're done here, there's no substance to this train of thought.
&gt;The Capitalist USA leads the world in reducing carbon emissions 1) Not per capita, not by a long shot. 2) Saying "the problem is actually China and India" ignores the fact that Capitalist USA gets a lot of its products and manufacturing from those countries. Capitalism is global. Hey, you know what's not global? Government regulations. So it would seem like the big difference between the US and China/India is that the United States has been passing laws forcing companies to reduce emissions.
&gt;They won't survive if their solution is something that their customer will only further deplore. Wishful thinking, utterly pointless argument. There's no material basis to that claim.
&gt;Every time you buy the bag of Lays instead of the chips made three states over "Capitalism will be fixed if you buy from a GOOD company" is the idiotic argument I just dismantled. The rest of your argument is incredibly petty, that is to say it's things like "water bottles" and "reused tupperware" as if those are the leading causes of waste. It's like the focus on straws. Straws are not the leading cause of waste. [And corporations lobbied very heavily to make the general public believe that consumers are at fault.](https://blogs.scientificamerican.com/observations/more-recycling-wont-solve-plastic-pollution/) Of course people should be thriftier and consume less. Of course people should try to pick better companies when they're made obvious. But the reality is, that isn't enough. Our economy is not driven by people "trying harder to be green", it's driven by corporations who have an outsized amount of influence over our power structure. When you have a systematic problem, you blame the people who hold power over that system. The changes that the average person can make over their own life are miniscule compared to the influence of corporations. Also: if people stop spending, the economy tanks and the general public get blamed for that too.
Boycotts don't fix the problem, regulation does. Boycotts just represent lost value to a company, which they can make up for by expanding in a different way. It's not the same as actively forcing a company to comply with a very specific set of requirements in order to operate. &gt;there are also loads of other alternatives (provided by capitalism) The alternatives are also bad. &gt;A company isn’t inherently evil, and alternatives don’t have to be either. Companies are inherently profit-seeking, and profit-seeking behavior is often short-sighted, unhealthy, and bad for the environment. &gt;if you think that there’s no way to make change because all companies are questionable, I don’t have anything to say to you. There is a way to make change and it involves dismantling corporate power at its roots. "Just pick a different shitty company" is not an answer.
&gt;You can take public transit Public transit is often undermined by oil and car companies, and many areas are not designed to be traveled by public transit. This would require regulation to fix. &gt;You can eat less meat Less people eating meat would just result in more aggressive advertising aimed at people who still do, lowered prices to encourage bulk spending, etc etc etc.
&gt; If it's a Crusade, wait for the Pope to call it. ISIS doesn't have the approval of an official caliph (because there isn't one at the present time), so their actions aren't part of a "religious war" either. &gt; muslims were mostly fine during peaceful christian rule When the crusaders sacked Jerusalem they indiscriminately killed non-Christians. When Saladin retook it, his conquest was much more peaceful and many inhabitants were allowed to ransom themselves to freedom. "The Christians were mostly fine" is a clear falsehood, at best you can claim the two factions were roughly equivalent but there is no ground to claim Christians were morally superior. This is also largely irrelevant to the question of whether or not the invasion of Iraq was motivated by religious issues. &gt;Crusaders still took vows, most of which included remaining poor, depending on the Order's resources, keeping little personal objects, letting go of your past life, and many times it also meant becoming celibate. "Crusader" does not equal "Knight Templar" or "Knight Hospitallier", this is an obvious falsehood. It's also completely irrelevant. Like, literally, it has nothing to do with the comparison of modern "religious wars".
If you want a simple narrative-oriented system that uses a 2d6 resolution mechanic, try [Prose Descriptive Qualities](https://www.drivethrurpg.com/product/28913/Prose-Descriptive-Qualities-PDQ-System-Core-Rules). If you want a system where everyone is a voice in one person's head, try [Everyone Is John](https://rulebook.io/games/everyone-is-john/rules/). And if you want a mix of both, try [Vox](https://www.drivethrurpg.com/product/63301/Vox).
&gt;good praxis would be either cheering this on or keeping quiet about it for now Good praxis would be taking all the people who are being pushed left economically and try to push them left culturally as well. I don't see why "accept it or shut up" is the set of options you chose. &gt;He could be a troll or he could be a moron with inconsistent views, either way "red on red" fire is good. Should Bernie accept an endorsement from Tucker Carlson because he occasionally criticizes billionaires?
&gt;Most of the right wing guys he has on seem to be involved in a political tug-o-war, trying to leverage divisive left wing topics to bring people closer to their own agendas. But he agrees with them about those "divisive left wing topics". He gladhands them about it. Even when he had Kyle Kulinski on, the positive comments on the video were overwhelmingly things like "this guy is a REAL leftist not like those crazies". That's a pro-leftist sentiment but it's achieved by throwing other types of leftists - pro-trans leftists, for example - under the bus. That is the problem that people are afraid of. We already have labels for people who are "economically leftist but culturally conservative", and they're labels like "Strasserite" or "Nazbol" or "proto-Nazi". Some people argue that Jordan Peterson is actually left-wing because he supports Canada's universal healthcare program, while he talks about the importance of natural hierarchies and spreads "biotruths" about women and LGBT people. Jordan Peterson is not a leftist.
&gt; See I'm coming at this from the perspective that we're on the early road to fascism That's funny because the "early road to fascism" is full of figures who are economically left but culturally right, such as the Strasser brothers or Benito Mussolini, so arguing that we need to include that type of person without challenging them in order to "strengthen the left" seems pretty suspicious to me! You're also trying to pretend you're doing "serious tactical talk" but like I said, Bernie converted people by being honest and uncompromising, and the strategy you're suggesting is cowardly capitulation to conservative interests, like the center-left has been trying and failing to do for the past twenty years. You are not being "pragmatic".
She talks entirely about campaigns against a "regime" as opposed to campaigns against other campaigns. I didn't hear her say anything about the same tactics being used to reverse changes.
&gt;if you are correct, sounds like you've got an opportunity to learn something What I'm learning is that you're a moron. Again, both of us were saying that you were wrong and that your strategy was enabling fascism, you just took offense to one of them and not the other. And if you expected me to learn that "you have to be nice to win people over", then that's even more reason that *you're* wrong, since you're making excuses for people who want to be in leftist spaces while still being transphobic, homophobic, etc. But whatever, you basically accepted that my argument was correct so it's no skin off my back.
&gt; Joe Rogan is too toxic masculinity for some people. I think Joe Rogan pushing people to the left is good but it's ridiculous to pretend that he doesn't have a massive history of flirting with right-wing ideology. He has lots of videos where he's making fun of "identity politics" or feminism or trans people or whatever, and even when he brings on leftists like Kyle Kulinski and Jimmy Dore the conversation is mostly about how these are "good" leftists as opposed to the bad SJW ones. And he gives a sympathetic ear to conservative voices and generally agrees with them when it comes to things like identity politics. That said, he's still less bad than Henry Kissinger or George Bush or John McCain or any of the other conservatives that the liberal center wants to rehabilitate. But it's not like Rogan is genuinely uncontroversial.
If you're a hard core feminist you are participating in "identity politics" by the very nature of identifying as such.
Environmental impact is not a question of "how nice is a place to live in", it's a question of global influence. Let's say that a city uses 3x as many resources as another city, but it can also afford to ship its trash somewhere else. The second city would be dirtier and more unpleasant, but that's only because it's not outsourcing its negative effect. Similarly, first-world countries can afford to ship their garbage to the third world. That doesn't mean we're not generating garbage, instead we just keep it out of sight and treat that as good enough.
&gt;Also if you think overpopulation is not a problem, then you have no problem with the projected population of 9 to 12 billion people in this century if we continue on the path that we are on? Again, Malthusianism is completely disreputable in this day and age. When used properly, technological advancement makes up for increasing population. The problem is not that we CAN'T accommodate this many people, it's that capitalism doesn't care about sustainability. You're blindly shouting "too many people" without an actual understanding of the problem, and then your solution ("educate people so they have less children") is just as difficult as the other things that would actually solve the problem. &gt;All I'm saying is general and higher education is the solution to climate change, which includes population. At this point in the conversation I think it's really hypocritical for *you* to expect *other people* to get more educated when your own education seems to have failed you so thoroughly. Let me put it this way. Americans make up 5% of the world's population but consume 24% of its resources. In essence, each American citizen consumes 5x what an "average" world citizen does. Do Americans lack education? Of course not. America is a first-world country. Yet we are also the epicenter of the world's consumption-related problems. Your solution is that education in the third world will reduce birth rates. However, even with their current birth rates, the third world uses less resources than Americans do. It takes FIVE third-world citizens to equal ONE American. You justify your statements by saying that *in a perfect world* those third-worlders would use more resources. But rather than making things more efficient, and reducing consumption in the first world, you focus entirely on reducing population. That is to say, we need to reduce the third-world population because "in a perfect world" the third world would have more resources, which would be bad for ecological reasons. So it's a two-step process: first we have to give the third world more resources, and second we need to restrict those resources and get them to have less children. Do you not see how you're putting the cart before the horse here? Do you not see how saying "we should just have less people (specifically brown people)" comes off as tone-deaf and insanely racist? And yet you insist on it because of your convoluted multi-layer argument which exists solely so you won't just say "yeah okay it's the first world's fault". Another thing you should have studied in college: neo-colonialism. Please don't bother responding until you've looked that up for yourself.
&gt; you were the one who brought up environmental issues, not me This is r/anticonsumption of course it's about environmental issues. You were simultaneously arguing that overpopulation (specifically, too many brown people) is a problem while also saying that first-world people should be allowed to have big houses because it makes them feel nice. You're an ecofascist. Fuck off.
&gt; I consider myself pretty centrist and for me what it means is a general distaste for party lines. The reason Centrism is so cursed is because it's trapped in a particular paradigm (capitalism, as defined by the Overton Window) but thinks of itself as a free-thinking ideology unbound by "party lines". Of course you have party lines. That's what you're at the center of. Centrism doesn't mean being flexible or adaptable, it means being in the center. Your description of your political ideology is that everyone else is a brainwashed demagogue and only a clear-sighted genius like you can *stand above that* and see that both sides have good points. Also known as "Enlightened Centrism", the very thing you claimed not to be! &gt; Being really open to inconvenient truths, without countering with whataboutisms "Whataboutism" is basically a false construct, a way to present pointing out hypocrisy as some kind of logical fallacy. But it's also kind of ridiculous to pretend you're above that when your entire post is "unlike people of other political beliefs, I'm flexible and adaptable and logical which is why I'm better". The actual substance of your beliefs are ignored in favor of "well at least I'M not an obedient sheep like the extremist beliefs are!" &gt;No, it bitterly says: "you consider the victims here necessary collateral damage on the way to progress and normalcy... maybe you should change that opinion". And the point that the game MAKES about Moralism is that it calls for change but never achieves it. So if that's your big argument about the superiority of centrism it's pretty ironically flawed.
&gt; right now you're just coming off as a dishonest rat The "dishonest rat" is the guy who said he doesn't think neoliberals engage in equivocation but then went on to argue that the presidential situation in Bolivia was effectively "corrupt enough" that it justified a fascist coup. Your argument is a self-parody.
There were downtown protests the last 3 days. There might be a spontaneous one tonight but I don't think there is one planned.
&gt;Can't wait until a couple safe-spacers get mugged for their phones on campus. Who ya gonna call..NO-BODY! The cops wouldn't help with a stolen phone anyways. In fact they "wouldn't help" with a lot of things.
&gt; Im an anarchist You might be an anarcho-capitalist but if your solution to police brutality is to make the police a for-profit enterprise, no, you're not an actual anarchist. That's not even getting into how ridiculous your proposal is; it doesn't actually answer the question of how you would control the police. You say "The people then can vote out the current force if they dont like them or keep them if they are serving the community well", but that's a weaker version of what we already do: we vote for representatives who are supposed to control the police. So what happens in your example if the for-profit police, who have all the guns, decide that they don't accept being let go? The entire problem with the cops is that they're not answerable to anyone, do you really think market forces are going to fix that? If your answer is "well, the private citizens should have guns to fight them" then what's the point of a professional police force?
&gt; and you haven't reached some really fucking misanthropic conclusion that disregards the well-being or basic human rights of too many people As a centrist capitalist, what are your feelings about sweatshops, police brutality, and healthcare bankruptcies? I have a feeling your conclusions will be relatively misanthropic and disregarding of "basic human rights", because saying something like "everyone needs certain guarantees for a decent living" would put you on the left, not in the center. &gt;What I do feel strongly about is that the output of the 24/7 outrage propaganda machines on the right and the left produces moral failures constantly Again, you're completely out of touch with reality if you think the center doesn't also have a "24/7 outrage propaganda machine". In fact it's arguably the most powerful one. For example, people who say "Trump is bad, let's get back to decency like we had with George W Bush" are a perfect example. People who blame everything wrong with America on Russian interference. People who say that student protests are a sign of ongoing moral degeneracy in order to defend giving fascists a voice in the New York Times. This is why you're so ridiculous, because you think you're *intrinsically better* regardless of what your actual positions are. &gt;I mean, are you arguing that in the game scene, Empathy should have countered with bringing up all the victims of the revolution? I think a centrist saying "well at least I recognize my faults even if I never actually do anything about them" being treated as moral superiority is basically the perfect encapsulation of your ideological failings. &gt;Are we going to judge ideologies on how much change they are able to achieve? Again, it's literally stated in DE that the goal of Moralism is to feign change, not to legitimately attempt it and fail. It makes no sense to use DE to support your centrist stance when the game basically calls you inherently corrupt and self-centered. &gt;What has hard-core leftism achieved in the past few years? How is the fight against global warming going? Have you managed to prevent Trump? Brexit? This is a really funny thing to say since "centrist liberalism" also failed to stop all these things despite having 10x the political power that the hard left does. And in many cases, such as Corbyn, [the centrists actively sabotaged the left](https://www.counterfire.org/articles/analysis/21098-labour-s-explosive-report-shows-how-right-wing-officials-sabotaged-the-party) because they were more afraid of the left than the right. &gt;You say "Revolution!", I say "careful improvement!", and meanwhile a huge bloc of reactionaries who are the actual problem vote to stomp on us both and have a good old time watching us argue on reddit. The reactionaries are closer to you than they are to me, that's what being in the center means! You can't complain about reactionaries when your ideology is based on saying "well maybe they have a point about the need for blood-soaked streets to grease the wheels of capitalism". You're completely ridiculous. The problem with you is that you're like a fish who doesn't understand water. You're so immersed in your own ideology that you don't understand that it IS an ideology. And, again, Disco Elysium absolutely makes it clear that moralism is willing to overlook horrible things in the name of stability, and uses the illusion of progress to justify itself. So it makes no sense that you would come here, to this subreddit, to defend centrism by using a game that overtly and unapologetically hates it. This is over.
&gt;the cops are going to use violence against you AND against the people you're with, even if they're being completely nonviolent - don't ruin it for us It's strange to say this when there's so much video evidence that the cops are using violence against *everyone* regardless of the behavior of specific individuals. Being violent or nonviolent seems largely irrelevant to the issue of whether the police are going to brutalize you.
&gt;OP is from UK https://www.theguardian.com/commentisfree/2020/jun/04/systemic-racism-police-brutality-british-problems-black-lives-matter
"The British police aren't as lethal as the American police and therefore cannot be corrupt" is not an argument.
&gt;You get a better job Why would you? You don't learn automatically new skills when your rent goes up.
&gt; Being able to separate the actual law from emotionally/morally charged “but!” is something people need to start doing. Emotions don’t have any weight in the courts "Police brutality is technically legal, so you should stop worrying about morality" is not going to be the crowd-satisfying response you want it to be. Lots of terrible things were legal at one point, and lots of terrible things still are. If your defense of these actions hinges entirely on the legality of those actions you are not going to convince anyone of anything, nor do you deserve to.
&gt;But the cops don’t change the legality of something Cops abusing technical loopholes to get away with things that are morally wrong is not something to be proud of and, again, is not going to change anyone's mind with regards to the morality of the police. They are not being FORCED to do these things. It is not MANDATORY to do these things. They are CHOOSING to do them, and the law does not prevent them from doing so. This is not a moral defense, it is a technical one, and no one except the most pedantic cop-loving nerds is going to buy it. Your argument is also functionally pathetic. "Cops shouldn't need to de-escalate if people are throwing rocks at them" is a non-argument. Cops are supposed to be well-compensated professionals who are skilled at this exact thing. Treating them like frightened kittens who can't be expected to have a plan for this sort of situation is completely nonsensical. "They shouldn't have to de-escalate because the protesters were violent" completely misses what the point of the word DE-ESCALATE means. This is like saying "I shouldn't have to extinguish a fire because the fire is burning". The existence of a fire is necessary for extinguishing. The existence of violence is necessary for de-escalation. Otherwise, you wouldn't need to de-escalate, would you? There would be nothing to de-escalate!
&gt;It's kind of like how I've argued that if you explained climate change from an economic viewpoint, a lot more boomers would be on board. Things like opportunity costs, overhead and that shit resonates a little more than "how dare you" People generally argue climate change from a "destruction of our ecosystem and a complete loss in viability of human habitation". Not sure how that's worse or less practical than an "economic viewpoint". I think there is an importance in how a concept is advertised or communicated - I think talking about solutions is more important than merely advertising a problem - but "defund the police" is a clear-cut goal, not an abstract one. Stop giving the police money. Stop giving them infinite leeway to do as they please. The only counterbalance against police brutality is the fact that they are paid by taxpayer dollars. If you want to stop them from doing bad things, defund the police.
&gt; a loud, explosive barrage of fireworks is raining down on my neighborhood I'm not sure how the cops are a solution to this, given that their response would likely involve rubber bullets, flashbangs and tear gas (which are all just as loud if not louder). &gt; using the term “defund” is insane even if you’re only referring to police reform Defund the police means defund the police.
&gt;A country where a 1/3 pound burger didn't sell because people thought they were being ripped off. This happened in the 1980s. The "people" in this case were baby boomers and their parents. You are not really undermining my point. &gt;This is not a generational thing. Then why do polls show that there is a substantial generational gap between young and old people when it comes to socialism? I am not saying "young people are inherently better than old people". Of course I'm not. That would not make sense. I am saying that our current young people do not have the stigma against socialism that old people do, partly because of the financial collapses that we've lived through and partly due to changing cultural values. &gt;People respond to how things appear to them and how it makes them feel, not how they actually are. Optics is everything when trying to convince millions of people to make a change. The irony of this is that you don't have evidence to prove it, it's just something that you "feel" is true. That sounds like projection to me. If you think all the massive changes that have occurred in our society are merely a result of good slogans and catchy branding, you are high. &gt;The young have been waiting for the old to die to improve things since the dawn of civilization, forgetting that when it finally happens, they themselves are now the old farts holding back progress. You're basically trying to argue that progress has never happened, which is a self-evidently bad argument. Yes, "the young have been waiting for the old to die" since the dawn of civilization. You know what else has happened since the dawn of civilization? A substantial amount of progress! So clearly someone is doing it!
&gt;Is not Cecil Rhodes the one who endowed the Rhodes Scholarship for foreigners to attend Oxford? Cecil Rhodes explicitly created the Rhodes Scholarship in order to create unity between English-speaking countries, and also the Germans, because he believed that the Anglo-Saxons were a superior race ("I contend that we are the first race in the world, and that the more of the world we inhabit the better it is for the human race. I contend that every acre added to our territory means the birth of more of the English race who otherwise would not be brought into existence.")
&gt;But the protesters are protesting against their own nation's history. What does "their own nation" mean? Are they intrinsically tied to the UK's past because of their bloodlines? If so, are they also accountable for the crimes of their bloodlines? What about British people who are black? Are they also "protesting against their own nation's history"? Why is it okay and natural to destroy the monuments of your *nation's* enemies, but somehow wrong to destroy the monuments of your *ideology's* enemies? Ideology is much more important in day-to-day terms than nation is; a nation is an arbitrary concept based around birth location, whereas ideology is where your moral values and ideas about right and wrong stem from. &gt;I know that recently Marx's grave was vandalised which is absolutely disgusting. Okay, so you at least have a consistent "pro-statue" viewpoint.
&gt;Being part of a nation (especially in English speaking countries) has little to do with bloodline and ethnicity. It's about a common culture, language and history. Okay, so if you immigrate to Britain, you need to be deferential to a slave-owning racist from 200 years ago who thought people like you were subhuman? Why? Based on what logic? &gt;If you come here you accept that you have a duty to become part of this nation and that includes accepting it's history, both the good and the bad. This is a strange thing to say when "accepting its history, good and bad" is not even universally accepted among ethnically English people. A nation is a construct, one of the most useless ones ever devised, and this is a good example of why. I'm American. Do I owe some kind of "national loyalty" to people like William Pelley or Nathan Bedford Forrest because we were born under the same government ownership zone? It's nonsensical. &gt;The fact that politics is more important than community and nation is a sad reality of the modern world. No, it's a sensible reform in response to a superstitious spook of an idea. Focusing on your real, tangible values instead of an arbitrary Sports Team loyalty is common sense. &gt;In the past it didn't matter whether you were a liberal or a high Tory or a republican, there was an understanding that the nation was a good thing. And where did that lead, exactly? Putting your political differences aside to focus on national differences led to imperialism, colonialism and fascism. It's not a track record to be proud of. Although if you disagreed, that might explain your defense of some of these 19th-century figures...
&gt;Karl Marx was a very compassionate, ignorant man (though clearly highly intelligent), with some solid ideas of the time with regards to Idealism and 'socialism', and that his work/impact was idealistic, utopian, deeply flawed, ignorant, and anti-biological in nature. Marx was an economist and backed up a lot of his claims with data. Have you read that data? I know Peterson hasn't. If not, how can you claim he's wrong if you don't even know what he said? In any case you don't think he's an evil person, so I guess that was a bad example to use. Who would you consider evil? &gt;Second, we are talking about the company in both cases, not the man himself. Well, that's the example you chose to illustrate the "radical leftist rule" you were talking about, which is that a bad man produces bad work. So yes, by your own standards the person you're talking about isn't an example of that, since she's talking about brand association and not bad man = bad work. Maybe you should have used a better example. &gt;It's not even close to being the same thing; in fact, I don't even see any connection at all, logically, morally, or artistically... I was honestly throwing you a softball by using Marx but since you apparently don't think he's a bad person (just "ignorant") I guess it didn't connect.
&gt;Dude McDonald's had "3rd pounders" 10 years ago. They still have them overseas You've gone from "socialism will fail because it has a branding problem" to "well TECHNICALLY yes it was the boomers that rejected the A&amp;W 1/3rd pounder burger but technically it McDonalds still sells them overseas". You are not in a position to criticize anyone for clarity of purpose or vision because you argue like a fucking lunatic. &gt;The fact that you think this generation is sooo unique in believing that things will turn around "if only we could get rid of all these old people with old ideas" is truly hilarious. I don't believe it's unique, I believe every generation has been a little more educated and progressive than the one that came before, and the ones that come after us will be better still. That is how cumulative knowledge works and it's the fundamental basis for all human civilization. And, again, [the polls back me up](https://news.gallup.com/poll/268766/socialism-popular-capitalism-among-young-adults.aspx). I am basing my argument on genuine facts and you are basing yours on gut-checks. You can't expect to give people advice based on non-information. Why on earth would I take you seriously?
&gt;All socialist nations have been at best authoritarian dictatorships at worst totalitarian states genociding vast sectors of their population. Yugoslavia (market socialist) had more freedom of speech than the states that followed after its collapse. Another thing that happened after Yugoslavia collapsed: the [Bosnian genocide](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Bosnian_genocide). &gt;After all they know the system better than 4 generations of socialists running a super power how to organize the economy in an efficient way The USSR went from being an agricultural state to an industrial one quickly enough to become a major threat to the world's leading superpowers. Boiling down its complicated history to "government bad" is an example of American ignorance. And you don't seem to be an exception.
&gt;I have read the data from 1848 to 2019, and the data from the Stone Age to 1848. Not sure what this means. If you're arguing that Marx is wrong because capitalism is better than feudalism then, well, he completely agrees with that. He saw capitalism as a necessary step in human progress, he just felt that it would eventually collapse under its contradictions and lead to a better society. Considering that our current economy is built on exploiting third-world labor to make goods affordable for the first world as well as the [continuing rate of profit falling](https://thenextrecession.wordpress.com/2016/10/04/the-us-rate-of-profit-1948-2015/), it's pretty weak to say he's wrong because of "human nature" or whatever. Again, maybe if you read the books you'd have a real counter to this. &gt;Haidt, Pinker, Peterson, and others One of your vaunted academics is a passenger on the Epstein express, another one is dying in Russia, and Jon Haidt went from writing relatively thoughtful treatises on how moral values are innately emotional and not objective (a very post-modern idea!) to blindly complaining about campus culture like every other guy in his position. If that's all you have to throw against Marxist economics, I'm not impressed. &gt;Marx didn't know much/anything about the following Jung &amp; Freud are both largely disproven at this point, and IQ as a measurement is on its way out for obvious reasons. The rest are so vague ("innate personality traits?") that it's clear you haven't actually read Marx and don't know what he's talking about. Marx does not say all humans are perfectly equal. He says that the ideal form of human society is one where people contribute based on their abilities and take based on their needs. That very obviously implies that people have different abilities and different needs. Look, you obviously haven't read the material so there's no point continuing to talk about this. If you genuinely care about being intellectually honest and not just parroting talking points, read Das Kapital yourself. I'm not even a huge fan of Marx in particular and I still recognize all the ways that you're flat-out ignorant about what he said. That's not to mention all the pseudoscience you subscribe to, although given this subreddit that's not surprising.
&gt; Right now, the CHAZ is the farthest a group has gotten for establishing an autonomous leftist commune in the US in living memory. [I'm sorry?](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/List_of_American_Utopian_communities) CHAZ is like four city blocks it's not exactly a self-sustaining society.
"Did I really say that? That sounds pretty bad. I must be taking myself out of context."
&gt; most things on that list would not be called "leftist" in the modern sense Many of them were explicitly anarchist or socialist. I'm not sure what point you're trying to make. I'm refuting the claim that "CHAZ is the farthest a group has gotten for establishing an autonomous leftist commune in the US" by pointing out that there are many examples of autonomous leftist communes in the US, many of which were more definitively leftist than CHAZ is.
&gt;"take that list with a grain of salt, because while there are socialist or anarchist communes in that list, a lot of it isn't what we would consider leftist" Why would I take the list with a grain of salt? Literally all I had to prove is that CHAZ is not the first anarchist/communist society in the US. Your input is useless.
&gt;It's good to know for anyone looking at that list. I'm pretty sure the people looking at that list can read the descriptions of each example. &gt;You seem to be looking for something to fight over. You came into this conversation to nitpick needlessly. You have accomplished nothing except to serve as an irritant. Great work.
&gt;Loosely defining necromancy as "bringing dead corpses to life" is not a complete redefinition, man… Necromancy is magic originally centered around ghosts and spirits. You have redefined it to mean "using unrelated magic spirits to animate corpses, for reasons that actually have nothing to do with death or undeath". &gt;But whatever. I'm not in the mood to argue semantics. If you think that the definition of "necromancy" is semantics, then this entire conversation has been nothing but "semantics", and your original complaint ("Why do people think that necromancers are evil? You could have a good necromancer, if you redefined what necromancy means") was *nothing but* semantics. &gt;If you want a different word for necromancy-but-good, you do you. I'm genuinely just curious at this point why you have such a bizarre fetish for corpse desecration even in cases where it's objectively less useful than something like, say, animating a purpose-made body constructed out of clay or wood or whatever. You know, like a golem. Again, if the reasoning you're using is the same reasoning a necrophiliac would use, *get better reasoning*.
&gt;I wasn't the person making that initial argument "You have an incredibly limited perspective on what necromancy could be, instead relying on how it has been depicted thus far." That's you. "The Eberron campaign setting has an entire continent of elves where necromancy is like totally cool and peaceful." That's also you. So my statement applies to you even though you weren't "the person making that initial argument". You made the same argument and it has the same flaws. And it's also not even wholly true since necromancy in Eberron is arguably still evil. &gt;You're being super aggressive about this. Have a nice day. You came into this discussion unasked and lost your temper in like one post ("whatever. I'm not in the mood to argue semantics"). This is a pretty weird thing to do.
&gt;Evil comes from religion, and from what I learned there, dark is evil because it's the lack of light. Light is hope. 1. Which religion? 2. Do you think having religious origins prevents something from being trite, boring, or harmful? 3. What does the Lion King have to do with any of this?
&gt;I mostly associate necromancers with skeletons and zombies rather than ghosts or spirits. Then by most available definitions your association is wrong. The original "necromancy" was just communing with spirits. That turned into manipulating spirits, which turned into commanding spirits, which turned into commanding undead, which turned into "reanimating corpses in a way that has nothing to do with their spirits". That's a 4-step process to get to where you are now. It also, ironically, gives up a lot of the less evil powers associated with necromancers, since they were originally just people who communicated with the dead instead of enslaving them. Now you've just turned them into Corpse Puppeteers and you're asking why everyone gives them dirty looks. &gt;An army of skeletons is effective, because every enemy they kill, becomes another skeleton. Okay so your main interest in rehabilitating "necromancers" comes from the fact that they can use the corpses of their victims to attack other victims, and this, to you, doesn't sound "evil".
&gt;You'd get much more support choosing something else which more accurately implies what would be done. Defunding is "accurately" what's going to be done: money is going to be taken away from police departments. The police departments have too much money and too much leeway. The solution to this is to take away their money. I'm not sure what you think "defund the police" means but if you're imagining something besides defunding the police, that's not the slogan's problem, that's *your* problem. I guess I understand why you think "defund" isn't the correct word if you think it doesn't refer to defunding.
&gt;there are still criminals who would do very bad things without police being around to strike fear [Police fail to solve a majority of crimes](https://www.statista.com/statistics/194213/crime-clearance-rate-by-type-in-the-us/) even with their inflated budgets. In return for this terrible work, they're allowed to murder as they please, seize assets from suspected criminals, and otherwise act above the law. This tradeoff is statistically not worth it, and finding alternatives is pretty reasonable.
&gt;Libertarians are more mature and know that we shouldn't need the police, but we do and changes need to be made. "Taxation is immoral theft, but the people who enforce that theft with violence are a necessary part of a functional society." Anarchists also have a plan for replacing the police (community watch with democratic oversight and non-professional members) whereas the libertarian plan is to use state violence when it benefits them and complain about it the rest of the time.
The biggest problem with the police is that they're a self-serving and self-protecting force that has no genuine concern about doing their jobs and holds a monopoly on violence. I know what would improve this condition: if they were *explicitly* self-centered and allowed to pursue profit directly!
Jordan Peterson: "Cultural marxists are ruining society by moving us away from traditional identity, also feminists and anti-racists are bad and disruptive to the natural hierarchies of society." JP Fans: Why does everyone keep saying we're right wing??? Don't they know the CONTEXT???
&gt; Here’s the real problem: People don’t seem to actually believe that other people change. Why are guys like you so worried about "cancel culture" in a country where people are literally imprisoned for decades because of drug charges? Which of those two institutions do you think is more powerful? &gt; We are reliving the beginning of the French Revolution. The heads will roll soon. Quite literally, I fear. Oh, I see - you're worried because you think it might affect you, personally.
&gt;if you only describe one or two areas of a public figure's image, then they're gonna look like they only have that one side He does only have that one side. The "other side" is cheap self-help advice that exists primarily to candy-coat the conservative ideology. &gt;You could make the same argument against someone that was complaining that too many JP fans are self-help-obsessed wrecks and ex-drug addicts/alcoholics What kind of person would say "there's too many people in this community who need help and guidance"? Is that the best you could come up with? Even for a conservative that's pretty unbelievable. Your metaphor doesn't even work because the person we're talking about is basically denying that Peterson *is* conservative, whereas nobody would deny that Peterson markets to people who are looking for self-help advice. &gt;Most of the time you find him online he's with a feminist or atheist or another person he largely disagrees with. He's not there to have a debate, he's around those people because he wants to try to embarrass them for viral YouTube clips which make him seem smarter than he actually is. This was proven with his Zizek "debate" where it turned out the only Marxist literature he'd read was the Communist Manifesto and that was years prior. He is not an intellectual, he is on the same level as Ben Shapiro - a guy who explicitly said the only reason to be around liberals is to try to humiliate them.
&gt; they do have a genuine concern with doing their job. it's just that you have a misinterpretation of what that job is. Right, I should have said "ostensible job", i.e. the thing that the general public is *told* is their job.
Based on what I have seen the general leftist sentiment re: First Blood goes like this: "The first movie was a good anti-war movie and the 2nd and 3rd were pro-war". This is kind of true in terms of tone, but misses the point of First Blood in my opinion. The point of First Blood is not that war is bad, it's that war is hell and veterans should be respected for their sacrifices. The morality of the Vietnam War is largely unimportant, and in the 2nd and 3rd movies, Rambo basically gets his "revenge" against Vietnam by going back and successfully killing a bunch of Vietnamese soldiers to rescue POWs. The point of Rambo, as a film franchise, is to make Americans feel better about losing Vietnam.
&gt;The Old Man approves the horrifying nonconsensual Robocop program as a positive alternative to the ED-209 program Yeah and both of those are alternatives to *the regular police*. Robocop is not a movie about police abolition, it is a movie about "what if corporations took over the police", ignoring the reality that the cops already work for the corporations in a capitalist state. &gt;The only way he "helps Robocop" is by firing Dick Jones when he was holding the Old Man hostage with a gun. That doesn't make him "a good guy." That makes his self-preservation instincts convenient to the protagonist. Does Robocop shoot him? Do any of the other characters suggest shooting him? Is there an undercurrent in the movie that it is necessary for him to be shot for justice to be achieved? You hate him, as a leftist, because he is a corporate head. The movie does not hate him because it is not a leftist movie. &gt;IIRC, the only people he even kills in the movie are the people who personally murdered him. "Glorifying murder-by-cop is okay because the people killed were cop killers and BLUE LIVES MATTAH, BABY" There is also a massive shootout at the drug factory or whatever where he kills like ten unimportant henchmen. &gt;hatred of the police as a concept isn't strictly necessary for something to be leftist Yes it is. At the very least you shouldn't make one the protagonist and then make them fully sympathetic with no moral weaknesses or downsides.
&gt;It also failed because then source material wasn’t satirical at all The purpose of the satire was to make fun of the book, because Verhoeven read the first few chapters and thought (correctly) that it seemed pretty fascist. &gt;trying to spin it that way hollowed out the concept and made it soulless and uninteresting. The "concept" of Starship Troopers The Book is "war is actually super cool and important" which, again, is fascist. Also pretty soulless and uninteresting.
Verhoeven's social commentary is that cops would be good if it weren't for those pesky corrupt corporations selling them out to street-level drug dealers. Thank god there's good corporate executives to even it out.
&gt; Feeling hurt because a white prof dares to say the n-word exactly how MLK used it? It's almost as if there's a difference between a white professor and Martin Luther King Jr. but I *just can't place my finger* on what that difference is. When an ostensibly leftist writer has descended to the level of "black rappers can say the n-word, why can't we", *that's* the problem with the American Left.
&gt;If a man is a shitty father you don't say that he's not a father, you say he's a shitty father. If Jordan Peterson is shitty at producing self-help content, then you don't say he doesn't produce self-help content, you say he's shitty at producing self-help content. If a man becomes a father just to take advantage of tax loopholes and he doesn't really take care of his kids, then he's not a father, he's a grifter. In the same way, Jordan Peterson is not a self-help producer, he's a conservative. &gt;As far as I understood it, an echo chamber is when you don't listen to, engage with, or even so much as notice people who believe in anything other than exactly what you believe, thus all you hear are the echos of your own beliefs. If you keep other viewpoints around just to mock them then you are not "engaging with" those viewpoints, are you?
&gt;It is like a guy losses his right to read verbatim someone else's text because he has different levels of melanine in his skin. I'm trying to imagine being this deeply and truly confused about the basic concept that white people shouldn't say the n word. It isn't possible. There is no way you don't understand this. &gt;One of the traits of loosing your mind is that you do not realize it. Do you not realize how weak this logic is? After all, you're defending white people saying the N word, and you think this is a good idea. Do you realize you've lost YOUR mind? If not, I guess that proves you have.
&gt;He should have looked closer but I won't ascribe the kind of bad faith to him I get that Taibbi is a long-standing figure on the left, but unless you hear it from his mouth, what possible reason do you have to assume his intentions or his knowledge? "Oh, he was just tricked by libertarians" is not a good excuse. At the very least if he made a huge article about examples like this without looking up what happened himself, then he's insanely fucking lazy. Nothing about this makes him look good!
&gt;ridiculously uncharitable to think he thinks white men should be allowed to say racial slurs to black students in their class, barring further evidence It's ridiculously uncharitable to suggest that the thing he got mad about is something he actually is mad about? &gt;Again, he wouldn't be the first guy that got tricked by the libertarian-orchestrated campus leftie fake media freakouts I have literally seen two different people *in this thread* argue that white people should be able to say the n-word and say it's ridiculous to suggest otherwise.
&gt; but because it allows racists and bystanders to double down on anti-BLM ideas "I wasn't opposed to BLM before but then they destroyed a statue of Buford Slavekiller and now I'm angry" &gt;If protests remain only protests, the city would probably still take the statues down. The statues are getting taken down by force because petitions have not worked.
&gt; I’m still not opposed to BLM I guess the statues being taken down isn't as detrimental as you thought, then. "BLM shouldn't do this because racists will get mad" is not sound strategy. It's a hunch that you have. It has no data to support it nor does it have any sort of analysis of its efficacy. You *feel* like it will have a negative effect on people's views on BLM. That feeling is not the same as a fact. &gt; obviously things are different than when those petitions were made The thing that is different is that the protests are more vehement and forceful now. That is what the difference is.
The ultra rich are on the right. "Common" right-wingers support their status.
&gt;For instance, you conflate “hating the government” with conservatives, but authoritarian conservatives love government for its suppressive powers Yes, as I already said they "hate the government" until they can use it. That's not moral complexity, it's just basic self-serving hypocrisy. &gt;I wouldn’t say that left and right is sufficiently nuanced to capture the scope of political difference in the US It captures the majority of the important ones. The average person is not straining to understand "left vs right" because some conservatives are libertarians and others are more openly authoritarian. People know what the Program is - using whatever powers they want to support existing hierarchies. It's not that complicated.
&gt; 3% of Confederate combatants owned slaves Poor white people being willing to die for rich landowners because of white supremacy is basically the American conservative project in a nutshell.
&gt;Go ask a Black conservative Pentecostal if that's what they believe. You know, I googled "Black conservative Pentecostal" to see if there was a specific answer you were looking for and it turns out the first major case of Black conservative Pentacostals voting Republican in large numbers was to [stop gay marriage](https://www.usatoday.com/story/news/2020/02/06/election-2020-black-republicans-stand-alone-ideological-island/2787551001/). Is that really the example you want to use? &gt;Go a conservative Catholic if that's what they believe. Do you really think Catholics don't believe in the importance of hierarchies? The importance of hierarchy is one of the main things that separates them from Protestants. This is a nonsensical example to use. &gt;If we talk about what are the concepts of 'left' and 'right', we're not really talking about specific common definitions, but the actual range of belief across the working-class, which is wildly subjective. PROVE IT. BACK THOSE WORDS UP. You just keep saying "that's how it is" but you have no evidence and my own life experience says otherwise. Who exactly is confusing conservatives with liberals and/or leftists? Who exactly doesn't know what "voting Republican" means? This is not in-depth stuff, this is the *first layer* of our political system. Do you genuinely believe that you are above the concept of "evidence"? That, to you, doesn't set off any alarm bells about Dunning-Kruger?
&gt;Its illegal for ER's to turn people away no ones dying from a lack of healthcare. Absolute nonsense. Firstly, not all vital / lifesaving medical coverage is done in the emergency room. [Lots of people](https://www.politifact.com/factchecks/2017/may/08/raul-labrador/raul-labradors-claim-no-one-dies-lack-health-care-/) have died of avoidable causes because their long-term issues were not treated properly. Secondly, people [do get billed](https://www.vox.com/2018/5/1/17261488/er-expensive-medical-bill) for their ER treatment. The treatment is done whether they can pay for it or not, that is not the same as the treatment being *free*. Thirdly, if your argument is "well it's okay because the ERs will take care of it", then that goes against your argument that healthcare shouldn't be a right. You're basically arguing that healthcare already *is* a right and thus the system doesn't need to be fixed. And you're wrong.
&gt;I can't handle you. You can't handle the idea that when you make claims you should be able to back them up. &gt;You make it seem like you don't understand that people are not robots. Why is it okay for you to make broad statements about people ("people don't really understand left vs right") but when I make it I'm doing logical fallacies and treating people like robots. When I say "people generally know what a term means", what about that implies "robots"? Are only robots capable of understanding basic definitions? &gt;People have subjectivity. Irrelevant to the current conversation. Words have generally agreed upon meanings. When I say "purple" people know which color I'm talking about. The fact that someone could say that purple means something else does not change the fact that the vast majority of English-speaking people know what I mean when I say "purple". &gt;just leave it there, please. For real, what was your attempted point with the Black Pentecostals and Catholics? What were you trying to argue? I genuinely want to know what your game plan was there. It obviously hasn't worked out for you which is why you're chickening out, but it'll kill me if I don't figure out what your brain pattern was.
It's a pathetic non-story. Zoomers &amp; Millenials focused their hate on Boomers because of a combination of their economic stranglehold on our lives and their regressive capitalist ideas about how we should get out of that economic stranglehold. Boomer hate is something with pretty clear material motives behind it. Now it's turned into dumb culture comparisons about which fandoms people like at a certain age. Who cares? In this situation, at this time, is that really the hill that people want to die on?
I know it's done for gameplay convenience but it does honestly kind of bother me that in a game with a clear timeline (i.e. you can see what day, month and year it is) that people have such bizarrely accelerated growth rates. Obviously W&amp;R is not the only game that does this (Banished and its offshoots also do this, and it's annoying there too) but it's really weird because it just forces you to expand even when you don't want to.
&gt;They call Fortnite and Tik Tok cringe, when they were made fun of for liking Minecraft and Vine. This is the cultural bullshit I was talking about in my other post. Who the fuck cares? Zoomers make fun of Millenials for liking Harry Potter when they themselves enjoyed things like Percy Jackson and Divergent that were clearly drawn from it. None of this is worth arguing over. The difference between Boomers and Millenials/Zoomers is stark and obvious. The difference between Millenials and Zoomers is dumb shit like this. Stop caring about it.
&gt;It's not dumb shit when kids are literally being bullied and sent death threats from grown-ass adults over Fortnite. Phrasing those incidents as a *generational conflict* is extremely dumb shit. [I'm pretty sure Zoomers bully each other about Fortnite too.](https://www.polygon.com/2019/5/7/18534431/fortnite-rare-default-skins-bullying-harassment) None of this has anything to do with "millenials vs zoomers", it's a few incidents involving random people.
&gt;Are parents making fun of their children's hobbies not a generational conflict? Unless it's a statistically significant number of parents making fun of a statistically significant number of children, no, it's not. &gt;And dont gaslight the severity of harassing children. I didn't say it wasn't severe, I said it wasn't a generational conflict. One person murdering another person is an important event, but it's not automatically representative of a systemic issue. Also, that's not what "gaslight" means. Please don't use a word with an abuse-based definition to describe someone disagreeing with you.
&gt;If it were barely noticeable, we wouldn't be talking about it. We're talking about it because you're personally obsessed with it. Give some statistics or shut the fuck up.
&gt;Do we consider historical context as a factor or do we judge all historical characters through a modern lense? Why do you say "historical context"? The victims of those figures knew they were bad at the time. The people who thought they were good at the time were white people. This is like arguing that we can't say Hitler was bad because he was very popular among Germans. &gt;how does a character like Churchill weigh against someone like Napolean or Alexander the Great? Who exactly is saying "Churchill is bad, but Napoleon is great"?
&gt;every point in human history was racist by the current definition up to about 10 years ago Not every person in human history owned slaves or facilitated mass starvation. Your use of the term "racist" is inaccurate. People are not having statues pulled down for "being racist", they are having their statues pulled down for their actions. &gt;And my point of bringing on Napolean is to reinforce my premise that we're heading towards the conclusion that no historical figure is worth venerating. Napoleon isn't really a venerated figure outside of France. Maybe people praise him for the Napoleonic Code but as far as I know, he's generally regarded as a tyrant and imperialist, not as a hero.
&gt;But don't you think that any form of cultural expression or costume can be expressed in nationalism? Having a cultural identity is not the same as nationalism. In fact, in most cases "cultural identities" had to be erased to create nationalism. Spanish nationalism under Franco intentionally erased regional identities to create a Spanish "super-identity". The same happened with pretty much every other form of nationalism. Nationalism is not simply having regional customs, it is a complex and artificial form of cultural identity that requires things like mass media to cultivate. &gt;We have forms of nationalism that are against forms of hate like black and indigenous nationalism. Preserving your identity and customs in the face of imperialism is not "nationalism". Going back to Yugoslavia, the Yugoslav government promoted multiculturalism, not nationalism. That is to say, it fostered all the ethnic identities within Yugoslavia as part of a whole rather than doing what many countries did and forcing a single culture on the entire area. Black nationalism can also go terribly wrong, i.e. when it is expressed outside the context of an imperialist relationship. The conflict between the Hutus and the Tutsis in Central Africa is an obvious example, even though those groups are part of a colonialist legacy. You are still ultimately creating a relationship that is "us vs them".
&gt;most social democrats are little more than democratic socialists who don't want to admit it Social Democracy: A capitalist economy with strategic nationalization of vital industries and support of pro-worker institutions in order to maintain a semblance of economic equality. Democratic Socialism: "A political philosophy supporting political democracy within a socially owned economy, with a particular emphasis on economic democracy, workplace democracy and workers' self-management within a market socialist economy or some form of a decentralised planned socialist economy." They are objectively not the same, even if some political figures have used the latter term to describe the former. Democratic Socialism requires the abolition of capitalism and its replacement with market socialism *at the very least*. &gt;Unsurprisingly, the two aims often align and seeking to separate us is an unhealthy and unproductive political tactic. One of the "aims" wants to preserve capitalism and the other does not. Saying that socialists should align with social democrats is like saying they should align with liberals: it's true in the short term, but if a socialist wants to make major changes that overturn the existing system, both social democrats and liberals will step in to stop them.
&gt; City public works employees were out first thing cleaning off the statue that had red paint and the word “genocide” on it. People have been defending statues on the basis of "educational value", i.e. how will we know about the bad things in the past if we don't have a statue to commemorate it? If that's true, it seems pretty revisionist to wipe off the part of the statue noting that Columbus engaged in genocide. I certainly never heard anything about the [Lucayans](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Lucayan_people) when I was learning about him in school. &gt;The statue was donated to the city by Attorney Nunziato Fusaro in memory of his wife Esther. This statue was erected in the 70s by [a guy who was found guilty of fraud](https://law.justia.com/cases/federal/appellate-courts/F2/708/17/330518/). It barely qualifies as "historical" to be honest.
You are saying that America is better than a developing world country. In addition to the arguments that have been made about certain parts of America having a quality-of-life equal to developing world countries, I am also pointing out that the reason developing world countries *have* a poor quality of life (and the reason American QoL is generally better) is because of exploitation by the American government and American corporations, among others.
It's funny when they pretend that Peterson's agenda is "everything is fine, there's nothing to complain about" when he spends most of his time complaining about how Cultural Marxism is destroying society and creating incels and so on.
Once you're dead, nothing really matters. Even if you believe in an afterlife, your condition will not particularly be affected by whether or not people liked your book or whatever.
&gt; It’s vandalism and a crime. It's a statue celebrating a criminal that was commissioned by a criminal. Taking it down illegally is perfectly in line with its history.
Republicans are the "Party of Lincoln". Lincoln is the president that [Karl Marx described as](https://www.marxists.org/archive/marx/iwma/documents/1864/lincoln-letter.htm) "the single-minded son of the working class", who would "lead his country through the matchless struggle for the rescue of an enchained race and the reconstruction of a social world". And Lincoln is also the man who said “Capital is only the fruit of labor, and could never have existed if labor had not first existed. Labor is the superior of capital, and deserves much the higher consideration.” Which means Republicans are the Party of Marx.
&gt; Most social media platforms serve as echo chambers Real life also generally serves as an echo chamber, unless you are intentionally hanging out with people that you hate. People "segregate their communities" all the time, if by "communities" you mean friend groups or families. &gt; Social media is easy to manipulate. So are every other kind of media. &gt;Rational positions not only grab less attention, but do not inspire support. Unprovable, overtly biased statement. &gt;Extremists are the loudest online. Centrist positions critical of both sides gets attacked by extremists on both sides. Centrists are not automatically more reasonable or truthful than "extremists" are. &gt; Bernie didn’t sweep in 2020 like reddit was so assured of A self-described socialist was a viable contender for the position of United States president. Even brushing aside issues of vote manipulation &amp; other systemic issues, that statement would have been considered impossible back in the Obama years when the word was still considered an unacceptable slur. So which part of "distorted reality" are you claiming is the result of social media? Especially since there are plenty of people in "real life" who will say that x candidate could never have won because "I don't know anyone who voted for him". None of the problems you have listed are unique to social media.
&gt;It might not be moral today but it was then. Where do you think morality comes from, exactly?
&gt;Do you not go outside? If you did you would realize you are actually forced to interact with people from a variety of view points and cultures on a daily basis. How many people on the street are you getting into political debates with? Merely coexisting alongside people with opposing beliefs isn't enough if they don't actually elaborate on those beliefs. &gt;This is not true for being online. It's honestly much more true for online. Real life interactions are limited by geography, online you are interacting with a much larger number of people and therefore a much more diverse set of people. &gt;Yes, these issues are always present but are exasperated by social media. You couldn't possibly prove this statement. &gt;Also you skipped past my point about how easy social media is to manipulate No I didn't, I said every other type of media is also "easy to manipulate". For example, when the NYPD lied about its officers getting sick at Shake Shack, many "proper media" outlets relayed that lie uncritically. In contrast, many "social media" users were much more critical of it, and in the end it turned out the NYPD made the incident up. That's a relatively petty example, too. In the worst case scenarios, "real media" has been used to whip the public up into a pro-war frenzy, as was the case with the Spanish-American War and the Iraq War. So I don't see any reason to treat "proper media" as inherently more trustworthy or protected from corruption.
&gt;a collection of sources that corroborate one another is more reasonable So if the US government cooperated with the media establishment to fool its citizens, that would be "more reasonable" to you? &gt;That also doesn’t mean my mind is set in stone - I will continue to accept new information. But the standard you're setting is that new information is only valuable if it comes from societally sanctioned sources, even if those sources aren't individually trustworthy. Which means that the new information you accept is being filtered through an "algorithm" already. If nothing else, social media is *extremely* good at providing you a genuinely broad range of ideas ranging from communists to capitalists to even monarchists. Whether or not you engage with those ideas is up to you as a participant. &gt;I typically measure it by being able to learn about others perspectives and find a common ground with different view points. Then it's strange that you're so dead-set against "extremists" and treat them as unthinking zealots. You'd think you would have more respect for their perspectives instead of assuming everyone who disagrees with you by a certain degree to be brainwashed or tricked.
&gt;you either agree that people should act inside the bounds of society, or you don’t As I said before, both the man depicted on the statue and the man who commissioned the statue were criminals. It seems odd to focus on "the bounds of society" when defending this particular statue. But more to the point, your respect for "the bounds of society" seems to be intrinsic rather than justified by some sort of purpose. What is the point of society if it condones the glorification of genocide? Are the indigenous people of this country supposed to respect that society if it treats its oppressors in such a way? &gt;Seems the most likely part of that statement is they didn’t want the police to CATCH them. It's very strange to downplay police brutality and hair-trigger violent responses after the last few weeks. One would assume the ceaseless tide of videos where the police shoot unarmed people with their hands up would have made you more sympathetic.
&gt;I think everyone regardless of belief or degree of extremism is manipulated and at least somewhat ignorant, including myself. Okay so why are you focused on "social media" then? &gt;Social media would be like you described if we didn’t have all these hidden algorithms, shills, and bots. You're only really skeptical when it comes to "algorithms and bots", and yet at the same time you accept their existence at face value. And the evidence for their existence comes from traditional media that you purport not to even trust. &gt;Current social media doesn’t present you with either a genuine or a broad range of ideas. You can navigate to r/communism or r/monarchism right now if you really want to, nobody is stopping you.
&gt;You keep referring to the country- this is Worcester, some things are the same but many are different. Not really. &gt;that also helps reign in emotional reactions and allows for deeper discussion, and it’s the way the process works Your "trust in the process" is largely unjustified. I get that you think this makes you seem "reasonable" or "logical" but it just makes you seem sycophantic. &gt;You can try working outside the process, but that will likely fail, AND turn people like me off It seems like "people like you" have made up your minds regardless of the morality of the situation, so this isn't really much of a threat. The more I talk with you the less reason I have to respect your opinion, because it seems pretty obvious you're acting in bad faith. &gt;Am I generally going to support the police over a crowd that’s at best annoying, and at worst a threat to public safety, of course. This is what I'm talking about. You trust the police without reason, and your best defense for your actions is "well the public is 'annoying' so it's okay to use violence against them". This is not the mindset of a logical human being, it's the mindset of someone who decided beforehand that they were going to support the police and now is struggling to come up with reasons to justify it. People like you are part of why there is no trust in the law, so if you really "generally don't care" I suppose you're going to have to come to terms with the ramifications of your actions. People don't trust the cops because bootlickers like you are willing to give the police all benefit of the doubt instead of holding them accountable like the professionals they're supposed to be. Explain to me how you expect to convince people to care about "the law" when you're cheerfully supportive of police violence? You talk about slippery slopes and "turning people like me off" but you don't take any responsibility for your own actions in that regard. So why should I give a shit what you think, *Karen?* I don't have any moral reason to do so, and you've plainly established that since you're not acting in a reasonable good-faith manner, I don't have any practical reason to do so either. All you've done is convince me that "people like [you]" are going to bootlick no matter what, so your opinions can be safely disregarded. Thank you for the enlightening conversation.
&gt;This is simply untrue and a failed attempt to rewrite history lol Karl Marx was very supportive of the Republican Party and said that Lincoln was his favorite president. Similarly, Lincoln said that labor was more important than capital and deserved greater consideration. If you don't think the parties have switched orientations then why aren't modern Republicans pro-Marxist?
This framing makes absolutely no sense. If your argument is that conservatives want to keep government action in line with the principles of the constitution, there would be no explicit reason for them to oppose slavery. Slavery at the time was treated as a private business matter, and even when Britain banned slavery, they reimbursed the slave-owners as if it was a normal business transaction. The Emancipation Proclamation was violent government intervention on private ownership, which is why it was [supported by people like Karl Marx](https://www.marxists.org/archive/marx/iwma/documents/1864/lincoln-letter.htm). I have also frequently seen conservatives and "classic liberals" complain about the very concept of taxation even though the power to collect taxes is one of the first things mentioned in the constitution. Your "scale of -10 to 10" is completely arbitrary and has no grounding.
&gt;I don’t hate foreigners. If ur legal then just come on in. If "poor refugees from third-world countries" is what you consider a menace to society then yeah you need to rethink your priorities. Especially since they're [less likely to be criminals](https://www.cato.org/blog/illegal-immigrants-crime-assessing-evidence) than native citizens. "If anything, Texas is more serious about enforcing laws against illegal immigrant criminals than other states. But even here, illegal immigrant conviction rates are about half those of native-born Americans – without any controls for age, education, ethnicity, or any other characteristic. The illegal immigrant conviction rates for homicide, larceny, and sex crimes are also below those of native-born Americans. The criminal conviction rates for legal immigrants are the lowest of all." &gt;Second of all just cause u call urself Anita doesn’t mean u are actually anti fascist. Antifa is fucked up. In a country where the police are reacting more violently to unarmed black people than to armed neo-Nazis, klanners and Proud Boys, why do you care so much about Antifa? Antifa has killed zero people. &gt;you cannot tell me that there are more then two genders Yes I can. Gender is a social construct. For example, in America we associate "men" with pants and short hair. Do you think that's a universal concept? In Ancient Rome, pants were considered a barbarian garment and pretty much everyone was bisexual. In Jesus' time everyone wore robes; men who dressed like that today would be treated as feminine or "wearing dresses". &gt;you can’t go telling me that science is false I wouldn't tell you science is false since [science supports trans people](https://blogs.scientificamerican.com/voices/stop-using-phony-science-to-justify-transphobia/). What you are probably thinking of is "Biology 101" type science, with very basic definitions that ignore the complexity of larger cases. &gt;Also I’m Jewish so being a nazi in good diary is hard "I agree with the Nazis about everything except anti-Semitism" isn't a great look.
&gt;Also, why can't we make any progress on drug reform, corporate welfare, or police corruption??? It's those damn Libertarians' fault Libertarians don't give a shit about any of those things, what help are they meant to provide? &gt;they're EVIL!!!one They want to use free market solutions to "fix" the problems of government by increasing economic inequality and making our economy even more cutthroat and vicious than it is now. Yes, they're evil. Also stop writing like this, it's embarrassing.
Your evidence that libertarians care about corruption, but not the "stupid teenagers who call themselves Libertarians", is that when you were a stupid teenager who called yourself Libertarian, you cared about those things. Not a great argument. I am talking about libertarians-in-practice, i.e. libertarians with an actual significant influence on politics and the economy. I am not talking about "posters".
&gt; So as far as "which culture has single payer healthcare"? Almost all of them. I think you're thinking of universal healthcare. Single payer healthcare is a specific model involving the government taking the place of insurance companies, currently only Taiwan and South Korea have it implemented.
"Orwell wasn't a socialist because he fought fascists, who are also socialists." The libertarian mind is completely one-track, the only ideologies are pro-government and anti-government, nothing else matters to them.
&gt;Orwell sold leftists out to British intelligence. he is not one of us. Orwell engaged in the time-honored tradition of leftist infighting, if that means he's not a socialist then no one has ever been a socialist. For example, all the Soviet soldiers who helped kill anarchists would not be socialists, as would the officials who ordered them to do so.
&gt; Adam should not support lgbt rights, and being homophobic/ transphobic is alright. What does "alright" mean in this instance? You don't say what the consequences are. If you mean "people shouldn't say that Adam is bad", then that's a suppression of people's freedom of expression and freedom of thought. That is to say, you think Adam should be able to say that LGBT people are bad, but you don't think people should be able to say that Adam is bad for being homophobic. You want Adam's opinion to be coddled because it's popular in his country. The most basic counterargument is that you should treat people the way you want to be treated. If you want to be tolerated, you have to practice tolerance yourself. If you act aggressively and demonize certain groups of people, you shouldn't be surprised when you are demonized in return. &gt;to someone who doesn’t understand why, this looks like a hive mind at play, where everybody supports lgbt rights but nobody points out why. This is deeply ironic considering that your defense of homophobia is that some people "come from a conservative household in an Asian country, where acceptance of gays isn’t the norm". That is to say, nobody supports lgbt rights but nobody points out why. That's a hive mind.
&gt;Do you have any more arguments as to why somebody should support gay rights? It doesn't hurt anyone and is nobody else's business. In fact, the obvious counter-argument is "why shouldn't somebody support gay rights"? What justification is there for taking rights away from gay people? Homosexuality and even transgender/transsexual behavior can be found in many societies across the world. There is [lots of evidence](https://blogs.scientificamerican.com/voices/stop-using-phony-science-to-justify-transphobia/) that goes against the traditional binary concept of gender identity. There is no good reason to deny rights to LGBT people.
&gt;No age of discovery without Christopher Columbus. This is such a loose argument that you might as well say that we should erect a monument to the black plague because [it may have created the conditions for the industrial revolution to occur](http://gulzar05.blogspot.com/2018/08/black-death-and-industrial-revolution.html), or that we should erect a monument to Genghis Khan because [his mass slaughter contributed to environmental reconstruction](https://news.mongabay.com/2011/01/how-genghis-khan-cooled-the-planet/). "This person was a contributor to history" is not enough to justify a monument.
&gt;Any historian agrees the 1492 voyages kicks off the Age of Discovery and Columbus and his brave men sailed into the unknown with no guarantee of finding anything or making it back. Columbus thought the earth was pear shaped and his math was objectively bad, he was extremely lucky that there was an island in the way of his planned route. &gt;which directly influenced the migration of Europeans to the New World some 100 years later Why do you think this deserves a statue? &gt;It’s the combination of his bravery, luck and influence that warrants him a statue. If all it takes to deserve a statue is to be "brave" and "influential" then I expect to see you supporting a Hitler statue or a Stalin statue. &gt;Will we be flawed in 500 years? Yes. He was flawed at the time, as evidenced by the fact that many people at the time disliked him and thought of him as a tyrant.
&gt;The statue is kept up to honour a message. Lee fought bravely kicking the union up and down the road until he met Grant. "It's okay to celebrate a slave-owning traitor as long as they're good at fighting" is a bizarre message with no comparable equivalents anywhere else. We didn't put up statues to Rommel or Ho Chi Minh, did we? &gt;Columbus started westward expansion and opened the new world to the old world. So what? &gt;You have MLK's statue because of the rights of blacks he helped get, not for his adultery and homophobia. Do you think adultery and homophobia is even remotely comparable to owning slaves and perpetuating slavery? &gt;People need to stop being triggered by stone. If that's the way you characterize it, then people need to stop being "triggered" by stone being pulled down. Obviously you're smart enough to understand that the stone means more than just "rocks" because otherwise you wouldn't be defending them, would you?
&gt;no because their actions did not help create America Why do you care so much about "creating America"? &gt;Fourth point, pretty moot as some thought he was great as well. Similar to Musk funnily enough. It's not a moot point, you were acting like societal dislike for Columbus is merely because of changing values, and that's not the case. "Some people liked him" is not a justification for having a statue. Hitler was popular with the German public. You don't have any consistent reasoning.
&gt;There is simply no reason to be defacing these monuments. Perhaps you should ask the statue defacers their motives. Of course that'll be hard because you don't know who they are, which makes it weird that people assume they're on the "far left" or are representative of it at all.
&gt;Because it’s a very novel and great country. Columbus didn't find the United States or even continental America, he found the Bahamas. If your argument is that he deserves a statue for being tangentially related to the United States then you should support statues for the monarchs who initiated British colonization in the Americas. But that wouldn't make sense since the only thing that made America even slightly "novel" at the time was its rejection of monarchy. Similarly, if you claim America is "great" based on its principles of freedom and democracy, then it makes no sense to celebrate a tyrant like Columbus just because he was tangentially involved in its creation. &gt;My logic is consistent you’re just whining about Hitler for some reason haha! If your argument is simply "he's important to history" without regard for his morality or context, then you should support Hitler statues. If you don't, you're not being consistent. Apart from your blind nationalism you have no reason to separate the two.
&gt;I didn't give any opinions on whether or not Columbus should have statues dedicated to him Well that's what the thread is about, I'm not sure what to tell you. &gt;It is no more a direct cause of the industrial revolution than the collapse of the Western Roman Empire is. Are you trying to argue that the collapse of the Western Roman Empire wasn't important? &gt;Columbus's journey to the New World is the direct catalyst for the Columbian Exchange. Columbus got there first but there's no reason to pretend that the New World would never have been discovered without him. And that's assuming that the Columbian Exchange is a praiseworthy event in the first place considering that the plagues transferred led to millions of native deaths. None of this justifies building a statue to Columbus, which is the actual point of discussion. As you are evidently not interested in that discussion I don't see a point in continuing this conversation.
&gt;Is this what democracy in 2020 looks like? Democracy in 2020 looks like underfunded polling places where poor people have to wait in line for 8 hours to get a vote in, if they even get a chance at all. If this is your first realization that democracy is subject to forces beyond "the ballot" I am sorry it has to be this way. &gt;If a bunch of armed Trump supporters physically prevent Joe Biden from entering the White House if he wins, does that mean “the people have spoken” and Donald Trump is still president? In practical terms, yes: if the army, police or armed anti-Trump protesters do not stop those people, then they have functionally kept Donald Trump as the president. If the public allows it to happen, then they have decided that it is acceptable. The ostensible purpose of the 2nd Amendment is to democratize the use of violence. If that right is not invoked, then the ensuing government has been tacitly accepted by the population. Political power flows from the barrel of a gun. This is a principle the USA was founded on, after all: there was no popular vote to determine whether or not the United States should break away from Britain, only a representative one.
&gt; Such a minuscule discovery that is. Child's play. By God when you phrase it like that, I could have done that! The qualification for deserving a statue is not "doing something that Reddit user jakefromstatefarm is incapable of doing".
&gt; That being said: breadtube ain't really that radical. Why don't you link things that you think are "radical" instead of making a thread complaining about it without offering solutions besides "people should google these things"?
&gt;Oh you know the guy Yes, his name is Derek Chauvin, and as a police officer the public has access to his records and the records concerning the event in question. We know who did it and we know his stated reasons for why he did it. Now it's your turn: name even one person who helped pull down the Grant statue, or the motivations of any of the people involved. &gt;There’s video evidence of the statues being torn down... Okay so you can use that "video evidence" to figure out the people responsible, right? You're not just using this to dodge responsibliity, are you? &gt;I’m pointing out that you can not know all those factors and still have an opinion instead of pretending you can’t because it’s “functionally irrelevant”. What you're asking me to say is "pulling down this particular statue is bad" without knowing why it was pulled down. You are implicitly accepting the idea that it can be okay to pull a statue down if the subject of the statue is legitimately loathsome or not, so the question of whether Grant is loathsome and the motives of the vandals needs to be answered before judgment can be passed. It's also *not murder*, so it's subject to a lot less scrutiny than the killing of George Floyd should be! Again, we have the actual details on the George Floyd death, and we have the testimony of the man who did it. We have neither of those things with regards to the statue vandalism. If you're going to try to gloss over those objective and concrete differences then I don't know what you're hoping to accomplish. I don't know if you're even fooling yourself.
&gt;I’m not asking you to say anything. You're asking me to give an opinion without having key facts. &gt;I was asking your opinion on a statue coming down, and you threw your hands up and said “well there’s so much I don’t know”. Correct. &gt;The Floyd comparison admittedly wasn’t a perfect 1 to 1 but I was pointing out that people can have opinions without all the facts. Facts we have about the statue: Video evidence that it was torn down. Facts we have about the Floyd killing: Who killed him, their official documented reason for killing him, video evidence of the entire incident including details like "how long Floyd's neck was pressed onto the concrete", coroner's reports that say that Floyd's death was a homicide... &gt;A quick google can inform you of the statue situation, which by your responses on Floyd I can tell you’re capable of. Well, you know, I googled it and found people (not the statue's vandals) defending the act because of Grant's policy towards native Americans, which could arguably outweigh his contributions towards supporting black people and fighting against the KKK. So if you want my personal opinion I would say there is a reasonable case for taking down Grant's statues. However, I still don't know if that's the reasoning that the actual vandals were using so I can't still comment on their actions! &gt;You’re commenting in a thread about statue removal and have zero opinion? It's genuinely amazing that you're so incredulous at the idea of withholding one's opinion until they have a sufficient amount of data to make a reasonable judgment, I guess that's just the influence of the internet on you. Anyways this conversation has clearly run its course but in the future I would suggest that you remember that people need information to make decisions and saying "just make a decision now!!" is not good practice, thanks.
&gt;I find it hilarious that you think somehow being a nihilist is any better than being productive and leaving stuff behind for people to enjoy Explain to me why writing a novel is better than (or even different than) having a hobby. Objectively. Do not use subjective terms because you oppose nihilism and postmodernism, and therefore subjectivity is not acceptable. &gt;I've been going through this subreddit for the better part of two hours to see what genuine criticisms people have of Peterson If you lurk on subreddits to defend statements like "books are better than sex" then I think your problem is already pretty clear.
&gt;And when people said they'll go after founding fathers, they said, "Ofcourse not". Who said this? We all know that some of the Founding Fathers owned slaves. The reason we're supposed to "respect" them is because they recognized that all men are created equal, except, whoops, they obviously didn't. You want us to praise them for their contributions to human rights and ignore the human rights that they destroyed. Who, exactly, said that no Founding Fathers would never be taken down? &gt;We're saying, stop judging people of the past by morals of today and disregarding any good they did for their bad. People in the past knew that slavery was morally wrong, including some of the founding fathers like John and Samuel Adams. It was a controversial topic even when the United States was created. That's why the South had to spend so much time &amp; energy defending their "peculiar institution". Also, this should be obvious, but the people who were enslaved knew that slavery was wrong. Saying "most white people thought it was okay" is like saying that most rapists think rape is okay, therefore it must be acceptable. &gt;Like I said, I don't like Churchill's view on the subcontinent colony. He was monstrous in those dealings. Does that mean I should be supported if I get a bunch of people together and take down his statue? Sure. &gt;And like I said about MLK, what if a bunch of women got together and took down his statue, would we support them? "Slavery and genocide are basically the same as adultery" is the slippery slope fallacy I was making fun of earlier. The leap from "fighting to preserve slavery" to "owning slaves" is pretty short, the leap from "owning slaves" to "being an adulterer" is much larger. &gt;Washington had slaves (which he freed after his death), which everyone did at the time. Does that mean that all his deeds done to free America are hereby disregarded? Your understanding of morality seems entirely dependent on "majority view" which is a pretty weak way to live your life. I'm pretty sure every schoolchild has been asked "if all your friends jumped off a bridge, would you?" In your case, you'd enslave people if a majority of the population supported it, because that seems to be your only definition for whether something is right or wrong. The problem you are experiencing is that your understanding of morality is functionally wrong.
&gt;I couldn't possibly do that because it's not objectively better, it's an opinion Wow so the purpose of life is "just an opinion" to you? That's basically the definition of nihilism, congratulations on rediscovering it. &gt;I was criticizing your statement about legacies being unimportant Empathy &amp; care are not the same as worrying about "your legacy". Empathy is worrying about other people and the world they will inhabit. When people like the one in the OP talk about "legacies" they're talking in about an abstract concept of "greatness" as if there's a celestial list where your Gamer Score is recorded for eternity. People like that (and like Peterson) don't care about leaving the world a better place, and if they did their complaints would make no sense. Millenials today are obsessed with environmentalism and one of our main concerns is the collapse of our ecosystem. When it comes to empathy, the average millenial is lightyears ahead of people like Peterson. What we don't care about as much is the aforementioned Gamerscore. &gt;I've once been at the point of deciding nothing matters, and what I leave behind doesn't matter, and that's not good for anyone. You traded Marcus Aurelius for Jordan Peterson and you think you upgraded? "Or is it your reputation that's bothering you? But look at how soon we're all forgotten. The abyss of endless time that swallows it all. The emptiness of those applauding hands. The people who praise us; how capricious they are, how arbitrary. And the tiny region it takes place. The whole earth a point in space - and most of it uninhabited." Again though, the point is not "nothing matters", the point is that the concept of "legacies" don't matter. People who spend their entire lives worrying about their "score" tend to be miserable sociopaths, Peterson included.
Every time a guy says something like this it turns out their idea of a compliment is "your tits look nice today". You are a functionally unreliable narrator.
&gt;it’s a little ironic that this sub of all subs would accuse another of being a political echo chamber Our political leaning is pretty obvious, there's noting in the name "unpopular opinion" that implies conservativeness. Also nobody whined about it being an "echo chamber", they just complained about it being conservative, which you argued about. &gt; Also I both checked the comments and read the page. You’re heavily misrepresenting them. No they're not, the thread is full of people complaining about how the MAINSTREAM MEDIA labeled Peterson a misogynist just because he thinks the differences between the sexes are important and unassailable which is TECHNICALLY not the definition of misogyny OKAY
&gt;We are mere products of environmental factors, from genetics to experiences in life. "Some people are just born evil, specifically people from a certain ethnic background" is super racist. You know that, right? Like you've moved on from problematic fantasy tropes to outright reactionary real-life opinions.
&gt;I didn't watch The Birth of a Nation and had to read the Wikipedia summary about this movie, but still I would say yes. Okay so your definition of "acceptable fiction" includes explicit KKK propaganda that historically caused a resurgence in membership. That, to you, is acceptable entertainment. &gt;Do you consider someone who watches Starship Troopers, The Clockwork Orange, Sweeney Todd or various horror or gore movies, movies which depict fascism or whatever other problematic topic for entertainment purposes to not be normal? Starship Troopers was designed to mock fascism, even if it didn't do a great job of conveying that. Clockwork Orange is a dystopian movie about using psychological conditioning to deal with crime, you are not supposed to sympathize with anyone in the movie. Both of these are the opposite of Birth of a Nation, a movie that explicitly endorses the Klan. This conversation is functionally over, you've dug yourself as deep as you can already.
&gt;There is only one human species, while Orcs are a vastly different species to Elves in most universes Except they're not that different. Orcs and elves both basically behave like humans and are capable of the same reasoning skills. Orcs do not have some complicated social structure as a result of differing biology, they're just "humanoids" who live in hunter-gatherer tribes and engage in raiding. They serve the same purpose as African tribes in 19th century explorer fiction or American natives in cowboy fiction. This is why people are "creating an analogy", because outside of that analogy the orcs do not exist. &gt;And why did you quote my line where I stated that human minds are just the result of causal determinism? The sentiment that people can't escape their genetics or birth culture, when applied to human beings, is an obvious prelude to racism and eugenics. Why are you on Breadtube if you're going around saying things like that? "It's okay to depict an entire race of people as fundamentally evil in order to have glorified violence against them" is one of the pillars of fascism.
&gt;I really doubt Birth of a Nation turned them into a racist in the god damn first place. "Oh see it's okay to watch KKK propaganda because technically if they enjoy it they were already racist so there's nothing weird about it." That's the quality of argument I'm getting in this post, time to buckle up! &gt;"This guy totally wants to marry 13 year old girls and cut people's heads off!" Normally I wouldn't but for you I"ll make an exception, especially since it sounds like you'd justify watching child porn. &gt;Are we going to start judging people for watching Black Hawk Down because it is over glorifying the American military, dehumanizing the Somalis and basically being war porn? Yes. This is a weird example because BHD is genuinely propaganda &amp; rewrote the actual events of that day to create a false narrative. You have moved beyond "it's just fiction" into the realm of "actually it's okay to lie as long as you do it with a big budget action movie". &gt;Are we going to start considering people who enjoy Batman weird, because they ever so clearly support extra-judicial vigilantism by the wealthy elite? Yes. &gt;The last thing we need to do is set a precedent for the right to become the next thought police. "It's weird that you enjoy this movie about white people gunning down black people." "THOUGHT POLICE!!! HOW DARE YOU!!!" If you're worried about "that bullshit right wingers peddle" then you should realize they make all the same arguments you do about how the "evil cultural marxists" won't let you watch racist snuff films anymore. That's a dumb precedent to set and I'm pretty sure you know it. Even most "free speech warriors" are smart enough to realize that The Birth of a Nation is not a good hill to die on, and yet two people in this supposedly leftist thread have decided to make that last stand. Get a real hobby you fucking creep.
&gt; But the overarching trend is that politics have become divided along racial lines. The overarching trend is that politics have become divided across *ideological* and *moral* lines. One of the moral conflicts that is occurring is how to handle our nation's incredibly bloody past and the structures that exist today because of it. The issue is not "black people want superiority" but that black people (and indigenous people, Hispanic people, etc) want to live in a country that does not glorify their murderers and oppressors. That, to you, is equivalent to "a softer version of the cultural revolution". The purpose of these conflicts is not simply "racial conflict" but moral ones. You gloss over the other ways in which the sides disagree, but that's a mistake. The left and right disagree about fundamental principles that our society should be built on. Leftists support BLM for the same reason they support LGBT issues, feminism, economic equality, and so on: because we want to live in a country that does not oppress anyone. One of the most prominent forms of oppression in our society is the way that police and courts are allowed to treat black people (and other civilians as well, but black people disproportionately). That is why this issue gets the most attention and the most vigor. This is not the most divided the country has been. We literally fought a war about slavery and white supremacy. Even things like school integrations and interracial marriage were considered completely unthinkable within living memory.
&gt; This was likely not the developer's vision when they wrote the scene No, I would say it probably was. I mean you identified all the components. Squall begins the game being unfriendly because he doesn't want to form relationships and gets hurt, but when Rinoa keeps pressing him and refuses to give up on him, eventually he becomes more comfortable and enjoys himself. That's pretty much his main arc in the game.
&gt; Sure there are some corrupt cops but they are always some snidely whiplash level of evil to be beaten by all the good cops! It's funny - "corrupt cop" has two different meanings, and only one of them is ever depicted in media. "Corrupt cop" on TV means that the cop has sold out to drug dealers and organized crime. In essence, the cop has betrayed the law for their own personal benefit, and the other cops are aghast at their dereliction of duty. "Corrupt cop" in real life (i.e. most of the examples covered on this subreddit) means a cop who abuses their power and works with other cops to ensure their collective protection, e.g. the blue wall of silence. I can only think of one movie that was about this type of corrupt cop (1997's "Cop Land") and even the hero of that movie was...a different cop, who goes up against the NYPD.
Okay so you grab the bottom part to use as a handle and you hit them with the middle part, but what's the top part for?
&gt;They're no better than rich dentists going on a hunting safari, shooting lions from the comfort of their land rover. This is, at least in the first movie, definitely the point. The alien is doing to humans what humans do to animals: he rolls up with a bunch of expensive gear, makes up arbitrary rules about what's "fair" or not, and even in death he's a petty asshole. "Rich dentist on a hunting safari" is the perfect metaphor for what he's supposed to be. Later movies retconned it so that all Yautja are like that, and they don't really have a "normal society" beyond hunting, in keeping with the Sci Fi rule that all alien races must have exactly one gimmick that they build their entire society around. I don't know if I'm "changing your view" but I did find out that Predator was not received well when it came out, so apparently lots of critics agreed with you. I guess I would say that I think the Predator was perfect for what it was designed to be in the first movie: an overconfident asshole going after what he thought was easy prey.
&gt;Why would anyone dedicate this much time to write this? The sub is gone. And where do its users end up, genius? EDIT: 3 hours later and the sub is full of "capitalism is bad because it erodes the traditional family and won't let me say slurs anymore" posters, point proven.
&gt; communism is not anti consumerism It puts the means of production under public control which eliminates (a) induced consumption e.g. companies preying on people's insecurities to convince them to buy things they don't need and (b) environmental destabilization by companies that have no personal interest in the overall health of the planet. In contrast fascism and capitalism both require *panem et circenses* to maintain stability, so inducing consumption to keep people controllably unhappy is baked into the model.
&gt;Then they get banned from the sub You're here, so obviously there's no guarantee that Nazis get banned from this subreddit. &gt;Yea, the corporate media and tech giants who push sexually charged material to kids, The "types of people" that r/consumeproduct blamed were Jews and black people, something you'd know if you'd read the link in the OP, which I guess answers your question as to why it was necessary to post it! &gt;I didn't know quoting articles and statistics were against the rules I didn't say anything about "the rules" so I'm not sure why you brought it up. I just said that it's extremely obvious from browsing your history why you don't particularly care about r/consumeproduct users coming into this subreddit, because it seems like you agree with them on the important parts. &gt;You read the statistics and "leech" was the first word that came to your mind? Shameful. The article I sourced from The Root is written by Nsenga Burton, an African-American college professor. Weird that you left out the part of that source that said "The article goes on to list various reasons these numbers are the way they are, including the residual effects of slavery, segregation and the penal system" and "We all know great fathers who are involved and present, but we also know married women who function like single mothers when it comes to caring for children. Adding a man to the mix is not necessarily the solution", both of which you bulldozed past to make a point about welfare being the real problem. Obviously I'm not actually going to argue with you about this because the point being made is not to convince you you're wrong about welfare, it's to convince the community around you that the reason you don't care about r/consumeproduct is because you're basically on the same level as them. And I think pointing out your post history accomplishes that - wherein you call BLM a "Democrat hoax", whine about "cancel culture", stick up for Trump, and - get this - at one point you say "I only have [AgainstHateSubreddits] to thank for finding [r/GodWeeps]. **When based subs get banned I go there to find more.** It's like a "best of" of subreddits they don't like that I probably would." Until you personally get banned I see no reason to assume that other posters from r/consumeproduct will get banned.
