If I were him I'd also be afraid of coming out of this with a sizable debt to Russia and a name too tarnished to pay it back.
This sinning stuff... I highly recommend it.
I thought money laundering explained why his casinos went under.
He's either fucking with you, or you caught him checking out your junk and he reacted out of embarrassment.
Communion would be 5mg of melatonin and a glass of milk.
Many of our holidays are based off roman traditions.
Gross. I remember *delivering* newspapers as a child.
The north pole of a magnet is called the north pole because it is attracted to the north pole of the earth. Since in magnets opposites attract, this means that the north pole of the earth is a south magnetic pole.
I'm fully expecting something big to drop while I'm trying to enjoy the holidays with my very conservative family. Things could get weird.
To add to this, what if you really enjoy it and your wife sticks to it being a one time thing? It might exacerbate your current situation instead of help.
This sounds interesting. My problem with sous vide eggs comes from the fact that they solidify in the order of outer whites -&gt; yold -&gt; inner whites. This makes it impossible to get all whites solid with a runny yolk. Deconstructing the egg and recombining it in this manner might eliminate that problem.
Not at all. Poaching is a fancy way of boiling eggs. It’s at a high temp, so it cooks outside-in along a temperature gradient. Timing this gradient right is how you get solid whites and a runny yolk. With Sous vide, you bring the whole egg up to a set temperature. Technically there is still a gradient, but it is not pronounced enough to effect how the different parts of the egg cook.
Yes. Besides steaks, one of my favorite things to cook in mine is chuck roast. 30 hrs breaks it down to the point where if you didn’t know any better you’d think you were eating a decent prime rib.
There are definitely space restrictions on what you can plant in a spot like this. Roots break up roads, because when they’re in the soils below they have the leverage to push under then expand, heaving the concrete up and breaking it under its own weight. The primary defense against this sort of destruction is a root barrier that keeps the roots from ever getting purchase in any cracks or joints where they could become a problem.
Not necessarily. I had a client ask me to sign a sketch I did that they wanted to use for advertising. That’s when I realized I have an *ugly* signature. After trying and failing to force it into something beautiful I ended up giving up and just initialing it.
You’re right, it’s not a bad suggestion anyway.
I think he’s more of a tower of taint.
A taint the size of a skyscraper. Or, corruption of an epic proportion. It works both ways.
You would think filters could be developed to mitigate this.
I can’t help but think what looks like a failed casino might be a wildly successful money laundering scheme.
WWTD? It’s kinda like what would Jesus do but the opposite.
And how effective the root barrier is. And the type of foundation.
Aside from being hideous, the height/depth ratio of that “porch” makes it virtually worthless for protection from rain or sun. The lack of any sort of human scale or proportion of space would most likely also make it very uncomfortable to be in.
Get two identical tooth brushes. Every morning will be like a shitty game of Russian roulette.
When the temps go negative, do we have to drive everywhere backwards?
If only that mode of transportation didn’t stop running at midnight.
I can’t believe I’m going to say this, but DE needs to be more like FW. The free public parking garages in downtown FW are exactly what we need here.
I would suggest using the bathtub, and at least 4 Anovas.
That’s why you build a garage or two south of canton. Pulls the traffic off the main strip.
More parking is detrimental to the neighborhood?
It’s kinda surreal. I love it.
Our downtown is dead because we built nothing but office buildings, which made the CBD a dead zone after 5:30. That’s a great recipe for crime. Then, we made the wonderful decision to bury what little foot traffic we had underground. The last 10 years or so have seen an increase in multi family and mixed use projects which are starting to revitalize the area a bit, but we are a ways away. “Too much parking” had nothing to do with this.
I don’t think too much parking had anything to do with it whatsoever. I also never said multi-family was a waste of time, I’m saying that is what is helping our downtown become a real downtown.
People want to live downtown, for one. Also, nothing deters crime like eyes on the streets. Thirdly, restaurants and bars do best in a varied urban fabric.
Most of them are. Living in the cliff you learn to distinguish between happy and angry gunfire. On holidays it’s pretty much all happy.
I think it’s more that the person talking is the past you, or things learned from experience. The person listening is the future you, projecting those bits of wisdom along probable futures. The real you is caught in the middle, and is responsible for action.
I don’t know about you, but I wouldn’t buy a whole crate of glue without specific plans for it all.
It’s a typo. He meant dead man’s twitch.
That’s how whataboutism works, didn’t you know?
Way to get the last word in there.
Nah, it’s a response you get from someone that thinks the entire world is just like them and would behave in the same flawed way given the chance.
I was raised fundamentalist Christian, but realized I was atheist at around 8. I also realized I couldn’t tell anyone this. I didn’t start to really pull myself out of it and start my own deprogramming until college. That 10 years was pretty emotionally and socially stunting but I think it was the only way to stay close to my family. I vacillate between regretting those years and being glad I stuck it out. Since then, it’s been a steady journey of self discovery that probably peaked around 28 but that I hope will always be a part of my life.
Flow from one side, maybe trim the turbulence off the ends, but maybe let that be the part that hits the ground.
Yes, they maintain water pressure by being a small reservoir, but that is not what is usually meant by the term reservoir. Generally, the implication is that it is a large enough body of water that it can be used for supply.
Because prohibition always works soooo much better than regulation. /s
Firefox is not responding
The ones by you are also for pressure and not backup water, just for a larger area.
In current politics, whataboutism most often comes up when one of Trump’s many shortcomings is pointed out and the inevitable response from the right is “what about when Hillary _______”. First, it is almost always something that only the wingnuts in the right wing propaganda machine believe actually happened. They are literally inventing wrongdoing on her part to make his seem less bad. Second, it is also dodging responsibility because he is the President of the goddamn United States who should be held to the highest standard possible. Deflecting with “oh, but this other person might’ve also done this” doesn’t matter in the conversation *at all* and is only brought up to muddy the waters and shift blame and/or the goalposts. The hypocrisy is on the side of the whatabouter, since they are laying an accusation to distract from the fact that they are guilty of doing *that exact thing*. If that thing is wrong, they should admit they’re guilty. If it’s not, they shouldn’t be pointing fingers. Saying “they do it too” is a child’s defense.
Go back to your safe space where you don’t have to encounter things like logic or fact.
“I’m sorry, but the mother’s body has rejected the child and just sort of *excreted* it.” “So it was stillborn?” “Unfortunately, no.” *years later* “Say Mama!” “MAGA!” “Noooo, say Mama!” “MAGA, MAGA!” “Idiot child. Here, you raise him.” *hands to Swiss nanny*
I really think it will be. Stay warm.
Texas is more liberal than you think, it’ll be blue within our lifetimes.
I’m sure they’re *definitely* worth what the airline charges for them. /s
When I was a TA I thought I’d be the cool teacher and hand out candy to the class around Halloween. Next thing I know my star pupil is frantically trying to get my attention. Tells me he has a severe peanut allergy right after I tossed the student next to him a Reese’s cup. Told everyone to put them away and eat them at home. Scared the shit out of me, I almost killed that poor kid.
That looks better than anything I’ve seen on a flight. Not wonderful, but not bad.
Yeah, some people just can’t stand to let someone else end a conversation.
You’re very welcome. Have a great NYE internet stranger.
This guy started by hiding cats. Then he downloaded all sorts of 3D entourage of Deadpool, assassins creed dude, scary clowns, etc. it’s always a fun game to find all of his Easter eggs.
[Here are a few you can scroll through](http://www.gda-architects.com/gda-alexan-capitol.html). The one OP posted is the least flattering angle.
Haagen-Dazs is one of he last major brands that hasn’t fucked up their recipe to that fluffy chemically crap.
Not to mention the explosion of gelato options.
Yeah, the iterations I’ve seen of this that were successful incorporated transparency on some level.
Alamo Drafthouse and Austin are two places I’ve never regretted visiting.
Oh, we all know pee is stored here. Also, mesquite is a taint.
The corbel in the photo isn’t structural either, should they not have wasted their time?
Can we have hitler killing hitler?
That’s a bingo. Make a killing then burn the evidence.
As a home buyer, I’d know that a chimney repair can pretty much never match the original brick if I were to buy a home that needed it. The only problem with this chimney repair is it sounds like the mason did not do a good enough job managing your expectations.
I give this pun one thumbs up 👍🏻
I’d play this game
There is one small thing that could be called sloppy - the lip below the top two courses varies in width, getting narrower at the center of the chimney. The small pieces of brick in the center to adjust for different brick widths are unfortunate, but necessary. Had I done this, I'd have introduced a decorative vertical row or three of soldiers to eliminate the need, but this goes beyond a simple repair that generally tries to reproduce what was originally there as closely as possible. Depending on budget, and the aesthetic of the rest of the house, I may have reworked the top of the chimney in cast stone or a contrasting brick to make the material change look intentional. Matching a natural material (brick is a naturally sourced material even though it is manufactured) is pretty much impossible. Even the Washington Monument has a noticeable color change about a quarter of the way up where construction was halted by the civil war. It's good practice for builders to leave a small amount of brick/tile/etc behind when they finish a project for future repairs but it is rarely done.
To add to this, *good* condiments in general can go a long way. I would stay away from ketchup because of all the corn syrup, but love: hot sauce (buffalo style, Louisiana style, Mex style, chili oil) mayonaise (yes, mayonaise does vary in quality brand to brand) mustard (Spicy, German, stone ground) horseradish (great flash-in-the pan heat that doesn't build or linger, wonderful with beef) The asian aisle in your supermarket will have plenty of options: soy hoisen plum oyster fish peanut rice vinegar I make an asian inspired condiment that blends chunky peanut butter, chili oil, honey, and soy sauce that tastes good on nearly anything. I find that spending a little more on good condiments goes a long way since you use so little of it for each meal.
It's more like being cleaned like someone doing dishes.
I didn't say calories, I said corn syrup.
Or watching the terror on people’s faces when they try to figure out how to shake your hand.
Peanut oil has a very high burn point. I honestly think a steak basted in peanut oil would be as good if not better than the whole peanut butter thing.
Trump is being manipulated by someone who is shorting the markets. He’s a useful idiot, always has been.
Also, this is about them asking the FBI to address this as a serial killer or terror group. If the FBI helps, that frees the DPD up to address the rest of it, no?
I'd be careful with the acidity of the sake and fruit, I think part of why peanutbutter works is that it is barely acidic. The mixture you describe would be acidic enough to act as a marinade.
Yes, and yes.
It’s an upfront cost, but a sous vide is a great way to make a chuck roast eat like prime rib. It gets a lot of attention for steaks, but cheaper cuts of meat are where it really shines, and can end up paying for itself.
Honestly, they just have to run in the (alt)right state and they’ll win easily.
I would probably gag.
At first glance it looked like the pup was showing off its new butt plug.
As someone who offices on olive, goddammit. Time to reprint everyone’s business cards and revamp all our email signatures, website, presentation templates, etc. Also, we all have to learn how to spell Dirk’s last name.
Lefties rise up
First, they came for the groin driers, but but did nothing because I was not a groin drier.
It's across the plaza from channel 8. It's a pretty cool spot.
I see myself in the background of the morning news feed sometimes walking to the office. They don't have it on a time delay...
I have a memory foam mattress and the only real qualm I had before buying it was reviews that said it impeded sex. I am perfectly happy with my purchase, and no longer like having sex on spring mattresses. Yes, spring mattresses will bounce, and energize your thrusts *but only if you fuck at the harmonic frequency of the springs*. If you don’t want to fuck at the rhythm of the mattress, it actually works against you. Foam has a slight dampening effect, but it is equal across all rhythms and not detrimental at all in my opinion. If the sex is good, it’s worth putting in the marginal effort memory foam requires, and light years better than being stuck to a single rhythm. Unless you’re lazy and unimaginative, I suppose.
Then I might put steak in the idea.
We have many magic pills that cure a variety of health problems.
Yeah, there are issues with the gig economy but saying Uber hasn’t *vastly* improved the customer experience makes want to ignore anything else you have to say. It’s just so patently false. I only downloaded the app after waiting an hour and a half for a cab that never came. I had an Uber in 3 minutes. That’s not even getting into the immensely better customer experience since I started using it.
I can’t. I just can’t.
Like a camel, the balls of some nomadic peoples have grown to store large reserves of water to be able to make long treks across the desert.
I’ve found 30 to be perfect. 24 is good, 48 was too long. I pre-sear with a torch, SV for 30 then finish with the afterburner method. I bought my SV for steaks, but chuck is where it really shines.
It’s beef, so temp charts track with steaks for doneness. I do 134, but adjust to your taste.
We damn near did. 12” branch started to break, luckily the one below it held it from dropping on our roof until the wind broke.
The one a few weeks ago was worse in some places. But before that, no. I haven’t seen weather like this in the 14 years I’ve lived here.
Apparently I had a reputation when I got to highschool. Four seniors cornered me and started pushing me around. One grabbed me from behind and I threw him into the lockers. I stood over him when he was on the floor about to hit him when I saw the fight had left him. They never tried anything again.
They gnome math
Vegan ducks are the worst.
Black Mirror got considerably worse when Netflix bought it.
Only if they make it a video chat, so you can see how enthusiastically people are masturbating to the clip.
I think culture *strongly* effects opposite sex attraction, or beauty standards would not be a thing.
It is difficult to get a man to understand something, when his salary depends upon his not understanding it
There's also the possibility that he's counting on using it as a reason to resign and get pardoned by Pence. He can only do that if they impeach.
&gt;it's now more important to give "your side" something to get out and vote for I would argue that this is now the *main component* of electability, not something different entirely.
"Susan, you take the main entry, it should be something gentle, warm, and inviting. Carlos, you take the tower, I think it could take your bold, virile style. Oh, and organic is in so make it organic. You can do organic, right? I'll give the parking garage to the intern, and we can reuse the top from that hotel we designed in morroco that never got built, everyone loved that dome. Our proposal is due on the 25th, let's meet up again on the 24th for concept coordination."
These things usually end up in a class action shotgun style lawsuit that's aimed at all parties involved that are carrying insurance. They usually get settled, and everyone's insurance pays out - even those that aren't actually at fault because going to court would be more expensive.
I design these types of buildings for a living. There is no way in hell they can be built to shrug off a collapsed tower crane.
I'm not sure if you're being serious but no, [it didn't](https://www.nbcdfw.com/weather/stories/Photos-Crane-Collapses-in-Downtown-Dallas-511046671.html).
You mean the level that collapsed when a tower crane came crashing down on it? If you look at the photos of the damage, it's pretty much only where the crane impacted the building.
I'm not sure a steel building would've fared any better. Actually, probably worse. When the crane hit the wood construction, it pretty much just sliced through where it hit. If it were a steel building, it would've taken out each entire structural bay that it impacted. The damage would've been much wider spread, and the steel would not have been engineered to resist the impact of *a goddamn tower crane*. those things are massive. From what I can understand so far, the *only* party at fault is the crane company. They've been sued before. Rumor is that the crane wasn't set to weathervane in the storm and that is what caused the collapse. No commercial construction is engineered to survive this. We can't afford (financially, or ecologically) to build all our apartments like military bunkers, and that is what it'd take to have survived an impact like this.
I'd watch this movie
Oh, he’s moved past cities.
Nah, extortion
And no hardhat.
I've thought about this, and have decided that his base wouldn't rabidly follow someone competent.
I'm not watching them to "pick a horse". I generally avoid political video, I prefer to get my information in text form without much of the production and spin that producing video requires. I'm watching them because this will be the first time I've seen most of them speak, and as sense of each of them as a person will help me further digest what I've already learned about them.
This is also my take-away from the lineup. Sanders will be gunning for Biden, if Warren were on the same night they'd have been fighting against each other as well as against him.
I'd prefer something that didn't destroy the entire planet the arena (and myself for that matter) is on.
&gt;Not to mention the flat out election fraud that hasn't been solved in Florida, Georgia, Texas, and North Carolina. And those are the ones we know of.
Take him to a strip club then go home and fuck his brains out.
&gt; likely bringing their own partner in for sex with them This is actually a very valid way to make this happen.
r/ghoulsgonewind
This is a very accurate distinction.
First time I’d ever heard them, it started sounding like babies crying in the distance then slowly became louder and louder until they had completely surrounded our campfire. They stayed surrounding us, staying in the woods so we never saw what was terrorizing us with these forsaken screams just outside the light of our campfire. After what felt like an eternity, they took off, receding opposite the direction they’d came. We were stoned AF and I was on crutches at the time. It was terrifying. Didn’t find out what it was until the next day when I told my father what had happened.
Leave her
Weathered the storm at CBC in Deep Ellum, lost power here for about 30 min.
More specifically, climate change bringing much more humid air up from the gulf while it puts generally more energy into everything.
The irony of all this is Trump’s campaign slogans that gained him traction were farmed from social media data. Supposedly he thought one or two of them were idiotic until he saw how the crowd reacted to them in his rallies. Then he got the adoration that he craves above everything.
If Warren doesn’t get picked, I’d vote Bernie gladly. Hell, I’d vote for a literal donkey if it got the nomination.
I want a Sanders/Warren ticket more than anything. Unite the progressive vote and take down Biden.
I’m not at all opposed to this. Pete as VP and one of them in the senate sounds pretty great as well. Part of me prefers it, I just worry it’d take a Sanders/Warren ticket to beat Biden.
Biden is light years better than Trump, but not what our country needs right now. I’m also not convinced he could beat Trump. We need someone to rally behind, not just more of the status quo.
That was a powerful straw man you just knocked down there.
I emphatically agree. That’s one crucial step towards fixing our government.
Man, Black Mirror has gotten weird since Disney bought it.
Whether or not he meant it that way, it still applies.
So based on what we’ve all learned about the Republican Party’s propensity to project, the 1% are manipulating the economy/market itself sway public political opinion?
Thank you for melding your consciousness with the internet long enough to leave us this enlightened comment.
&gt;(I do believe republican voters are lying claiming they care about policy positions. I disagree. Take any R candidate and see what happens if they spoke out for abortion, or against guns, or came out as an athiest. They're intensely interested in just one or two policies and none of the rest of it matters to them.
Trump was talking about taking guns from people suspected of being part of Mexican drug trafficking, to his base that is entirely different. Abstract thought is not a strong trait of theirs. On abortion, they're used to having their leaders operate on a different set of rules from them as long as they don't flaunt it and continue to preach their holier than thou message. They literally don't care about the moral character of their leaders as long as they use their power to enforce their ideals on others. You are right about the economy being a huge driver in all this though. If we hit a recession before the 2020 elections, we might actually see his fanatical base erode significantly for the first time.
For the record, entering into a contract with a building owner to put your art on their building makes you a muralist. Graffiti, by definition, is illicit.
Don't tease me like that.
I'm not sure that Obama's base will be too enthusiastic about [this guy](https://i.imgur.com/6I3cgEZ.jpg).
Another way to look at it is she currently wields the *threat* of impeachment and all the investigation it comes with. If she tries now and he’s not impeached and (definitely won’t be) convicted in the senate then she has nothing and he *knows* he can get away with murder.
My personal opinion is no. I believe the universe at it's most fundamental level to be analog, and there is no way we could fully simulate it in a digital environment.
&gt;Can you explain why Biden is leading in the polls Name recognition and Obama-nostalgia. &gt; There are already large numbers of Bernie and Warren supporters saying they'll never support Biden. I've literally never seen this. All comment I've seen prefer them, but would vote for a ham sandwich over Trump.
Imagine
It's even more insidious than that. The bleach burns your insides and causes you to shed intestinal lining like crazy. It's not hard to convince uneducated people that this is your body purging evil/cancer/parasites/etc. He's using the damage it's causing to their bodies to "prove" that his poison is working.
Particularly not next to a school. This is why we have zoning laws.
Except, you know, us imaginings have a history of killing, raping, defrauding, enslaving, and generally being assholes to each other. The hippy way works until you run into a complete narcissistic asshole. Experience breeds caution.
All at once? That is statistically unlikely.
And hitting/kicking things.
“Let’s just all be dumb then”
I don’t expect him to fare well after the debates.
Just tell people you’re into intermittent fasting. They’ll think you’re woke.
I’m guessing seconds after this photo, bread was in dog.
ExIsTiNg iS fUtIlE fOr SoMe
&gt;he can start a war He can't start a war. Only Congress can.
We'd already be invading
Ith jutht a kith
It's been an interesting evolution. I come from a very conservative family, and my father was fairly high in the military before he retired. I enthusiastically cheered the US in Iraq, and got a very pro-US education as a child on Vietnam. I'm not sure we are doing anything drastically different now, I just think the free flow of information on the internet has spread truth in a way that makes it very hard to not see us as the war mongering bad guy.
What's indog? Is it like updog?
Maybe work with Congress to make it a law?
Then, "no cheater, no cheater, you're the cheater". Shits his pants. Takes his ball and goes home.
One can only dream. Edit: and vote. Make sure you vote.
Hillary 2.0 is Biden, not Warren. Ironically, Warren is more like Bernie 2.0 even though he’s running again.
Wow, excellent point you’ve really convinced me.
Even shittier when the paper towels back up the toilet.
You don’t believe fakeperson? Call me crazy but I don’t either. On a side note, corgi butts are the cutest thing on this goddamn planet.
It has become a new battlefield, and powerful interests are just now starting to take it seriously and learning to control it. We haven’t yet seen the full extent of its influence on the world.
I’m sure you already know, but r/corgibutts
That looks like a bad 80s hairdo
That is a possibility after 2020
Also, non-crazy people find themselves incompatible as well.
You know tanks aren’t all roomy inside like an SUV, right?
Camera here to shit this.
The military contract to build these things had to cut the extra pixels for budgetary reasons.
Unless it’s butter. Then it’d be cheap AF.
I misread that as tear this up. I mean that’s what I’d do. Into roaches for joints to smoke with the thoughtful MF that got me this card.
They hired the dog to find their missing scooter. He sniffed it out at the bottom of a mud puddle and they fished it out. Look how proud that pup is.
I thought the second one was legitimately entertaining.
You tightly roll a bit of cardboard and roll it into the end of the joint like a filter.
It’s a regional thing.
And I’m pretty sure you’re looking up in that photo
Your name + the story + your use of y’all makes me want to be your friend :)
We have a flock of wild monk parrots living here in Dallas that formed the same way.
Texas, but I learned to roll joints in Scotland.
Lol, huh?
I like the term “old reddit standby” so much better than “repost”.
It’s your fault the design is bad because you just don’t *get* it, man. /s
These things would’ve already deformed the planet during whatever catastrophe caused this in the first place. That percentage of the planet can’t just... vanish.
Look up the afterburner method. It’s the only way I finish steaks now. Essentially, you get a charcoal chimney going in your grill but instead of dumping the coals out you place the grill on top of the chimney. I’ll pat my steaks dry, then give them about 90 seconds per side. Set your steaks aside, then dump the coals out and grill some broccoli or asparagus. It gives you a better “dirty” grilled flavor in my opinion, and the heat from cooking stays outside instead of running up your a/c bill. It also doesn’t set your smoke alarm off like the pan method can. I use lump mesquite charcoal for extra heat and flavor.
But OP is a dog, that’s pretty good grammar for a pupper.
This is such a weird post. My cat fishing alarms are going crazy.
Finding actually good tomatoes at the store is a learning experience. I’d highly suggest growing your own if you have somewhere to do it. The ones you can buy with a little bit of vine attached are usually solid.
I fill it up almost all the way, and wait until it’s nearly all glowing. You’re looking for maximum heat, that’s why you don’t dump the coals out. I wait about 45 seconds, then rotate them 45 degrees just for the grill marks, wait another 45 seconds then flip. Same for the other side. You aren’t letting the coals get hot enough, and not putting enough fuel in. Also, flipping more than once is working against getting a good solid seat.
How woody does this wood have to be?
That explains the unusually bad traffic this morning.
Bumbling into an open conflict with Iran has the potential to do more damage than his (reversible) policies on handling global warming.
The nuclear potential in that conflict, and his general attitude towards using them even as early as the debates is the thing that scares me the most about him and that is saying quite a lot. A nuclear conflict could definitely destroy the US, in a fundamental and irreversible way.
&gt;A well-fitting outfit makes you look like you’ve got your shit together You don't even have to go to a pricey retailer, just find the best cheap tailor in your area and get your shit fitted.
"So have you ever had an abortion?"
This was my pick as well. In Fallout 3 they have a shoulder fired nuke that scratched the itch a little bit. A little bit.
So are Broccoli :)
I like purple and I like talking to people :(
I was shocked when I first saw it. In a crown of broccoli each little green nub is an unblossomed flower. Bees absolutely love them around here.
Can we make Weekend at Biden's a thing?
IM SORRY I CANT HEAR YOU LET ME CALL YOU BACK FROM A FLOOR THATS NOT SO WINDY
Pls don’t let it be oxygen.
One is peaceful protest, the other is armed rebellion.
\+5 charisma when talking to members of the same sex. Surrounds player with rainbow aura that gives happiness bonus to party 10% chance to enrage religiously affiliated opponents.
There's also [this](https://twitter.com/realdonaldtrump/status/141604554855825408?lang=en), which means of course he's going to do it.
And 2018?
He will never say "wages are to low", it's too reasonable and empathetic. He'd go on some incoherant rant about how illegals are taking all the good jobs and raping all our women and his trade war is going to bring all the best jobs back from China.
What exactly is brutalist about this building?
Mom told him to move them before taking the photo.
Or we could have a progressive primary.
Make sure you pee in Spanish though.
That, and half a bottle of single village mezcal.
Nobody I've seen is talking about throwing him in jail without a trial. We are talking about the public perception of a politician that *should* be a moral beacon for our nation, and the hypocritical way that certain segments of our society that claim to have the moral high ground treat people in this situation.
I've had many partners that were into rape play. For the majority of them, it was a way to regain control over their sexuality after the trauma of assault. In my experience, that comment makes her more likely to have been assaulted, not less.
Yeah, the texture is a big part of the purpose of the grill marks for me. Both visually and for the added mouth-feel.
Just set the chimney in the grill you took that grate from then set the grate on top of it.
Not to mention that closing private prisons is part of the Democratic Party's platform and it is looking very likely that they will retake the presidency and have a slim shot at taking the senate as well.
Also, how it relates to sexuality.
Economic anxiety is very real, the GOP propaganda machine has been cultivating it for decades. They control their base through fear and anger, and fear that helping others will hurt you economically is a fundamental part of this.
&gt;What I’m curious about is whether Texas’ reduction in homeless is actually conversion of homeless to homed, or homeless leaving the state for places with more homeless services I would also like to see statistics on the relative homeless mortality rates.
&gt;we need to be incorruptible, and the only way to do that is to value institutional rigor over emotion. I completely disagree. The political field is entirely different than the court system, and the DOJ has made it clear they do not believe in indicting a sitting president. By your logic, that means we have no way to pass political judgement on Trump, even though all evidence is pointing to him being a rapist.
Sharknado 2 was infinitely better than Sharknado.
Loved that book. The show’s not bad either.
“Reasonably intelligent mammal”
I would add to this that tortillas have a gluten free option. In fact, traditionally tortillas are already gluten free since they were originally made from corn.
He also had what looked pretty close to a spray tan. I guess he thought it'd make him look presidential.
I'd love to see him as VP
You are 100% correct. Our coward in chief would not be able to face her.
He's *slightly* less fake-tanned.
Yeah, that ain't happening. Let's take the goddamn Senate.
To be fully self-realized you'd have to be a cannibal that only ate other cannibals.
Under:street::sub:way
Me: can we go to Niagara Falls? Mom: we have Niagara Falls at home. Niagara Falls at home:
Somewhat unrelated, but the Epstein-Barr virus is the herpes virus responsible for mono. [Seriously](https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Epstein–Barr_virus).
I mean, it *is* a cat.
*painful feedback loop
To be fair, you pretty much 100% just described my mother’s “non-denominational” church growing up in Texas.
They’re like puppy dog ears. Some people like them big and floppy, some like them small and perky. At the end of the day though, I want to pet all of them.
It’s actually 16 total, and they sneak into border camps under the cover of night to give the children tasty Mexican foods.
This explains the recall
That’s lit fam
Also, rifles are rifled.
Have you tried longer? I’ve experimented with 12-48 hours a number of times and found 30 hours to be perfect.
I’m so sorry
I also do 135, what’s your temp? At 48hrs, it was still good but the texture was just a bit off.
It’s almost as if things we want to be sustainable should be treated like public utilities and not tied to the lifespan of a capitalistic entity.
You do realize that the current system in the US already has public utilities, right?
I torch sear first, then finish on the afterburner
If you’re a person like Trump, having the Power means nothing if you don’t wield it.
No, you buy them from the pepperonis store
Pretend you don’t know, then hire a stripper to just show up and start dancing right before you get there.
&gt;how much value you generate within capitalism. I would say it's more how much power you have within the system. Sometimes that stems from value you can generate but not nearly always.
I used to have a real shitty commute. It was mostly on a main highway, and if someone sneezed, my commute would go from 30 minutes to an hour or more so I was often late. The most annoying part of it though, was that driving through morning rush hour meant the rising sun was just high enough to clear your dash but not high enough your drop down visor could block it. On the way home, it was the same with the setting sun. Deciding to start taking mass transit at a significant discount from my girlfriends student pricing was one of the best decisions I’ve made in my life.
I really hate that “presidential harassment” has entered our lexicon, in this presidency and not the last one.
M’cucumber
Ah, so you are just in D for a bit then heading back home?
Is there good Mexican food where you’re from?
Lumber Pup +25% damage against zombies. +10 defense Gives the perk *a hard day’s work* which increases the party’s happiness by 20 when harvesting lumber or crafting with wood.
I’ve tried 48, it’s not as good as 30 IMHO.
Can also refer to the act of ejaculating
Semen. Of course. But “semen” is not a verb.
Taint the barrel, taint the vault
No, he’s right it’s country slang word we use to mean “him”. The soft “h” gets dropped, and the “I” drops to a lazier “u”, then you fucking ‘um in the butt.
Don’t just assume his ho-
Or manslaughter, if things go poorly
Coward
That could mean a number of things.
Well if you’re looking to experience Dallas culinarily, I’d suggest some good tacos or bbq.
My tinfoil hat is telling me that Putin wanted him gone.
My thoughts exactly. As long as she’s not too self conscious, make it part of the foreplay.
3.5 restructure the system in a way that you and your cronies can profit from it.
She’s just another brick in the wall.
Lubbock is about 4 hours from Dallas, so the point still stands. I’ve also heard it’s because they don’t want to water down their Central Market Brand in D.
Try Whataburger ketchup if you ever get the chance, particularly their spicy version.
Or, just say they over purchased ribeyes and they were on sale at a price that you just *could not* turn down. They were financially responsible caveman steaks.
All good points, but there’s an even larger reason for me - the people. Traveling allows you to experience cultures that you simply cannot experience except by visiting them.
Either you’re the doodle getting destroyed, or you’re destroying some poor little doodle.
I’d have named him Matte.
If you watch closely, they are dropped into the top piece, not thrown.
FWIW, I thought that at first too. Edit: personally I’d rework the top piece to help better illustrate this.
My criticism of your argument is that you are conflating sex with gender. If you accept gender as a social construct and sex as a biological trait (this can of course be seen as simplifying things), then you are wrong about a trans person not being able to experience their preferred gender. The more they adjust their outer appearance to their goal, the more peoples’ reactions to them will conform to the societal norms around the construct they wish to be perceived as. In this way they can very much experience the dynamics derived from and defining of the opposite gender from which they were born. For your argument to hold true, gender would have to equal biological sex. In this case, it is very much impossible for them to experience life as the other sex. However, that is not the modern understanding of how sex and gender intersect.
At the very least, repeating the pattern of the bottom piece to add a void inside the curve would open it up a bit. Aesthetically, I think removing the curve entirely would be better but maybe not structurally sound. The flat bit at the top isn’t an issue, and I know it’s required to complete the tensile structure. It’s the top curve that confuses.
Talk about self-fulfilling.
Allow me to turn the question around on you. Would you want a guy that didn’t like that?
Add particle analysis, and call it the shitbit.
Your stance has one inherent flaw, in that it calls “counterproductive” a disagreement of goal between two sets of people. I agree that the trans movement does not further the goal of dissolving the concept of gender. As you state in your own argument though, that is not the goal of the trans community. You are describing two different groups of people with different goals, and saying that their disagreement is counterproductive. My question would be to whom? Are you suggesting one group should cede the argument to the other? You seem to imply the trans movement should cede their goal. I think you are projecting your own goal on the issue as an arbiter.
Also, according to the IBC this is considered a high rise and triggers all sorts of things not present in this design.
To prevent this, the finished floor of the highest occupied floor has to be less than 75’ above the lowest point of fire access.
Minimum sizes of lot typically apply to subdividing lots. This lot already exist, so...
For high rise, you just have to worry about height to the floor of the top occupied floor.
For the barbecue. Obviously.
Vector art can be cut into real media via CNC.
I really enjoy using the torch, but find its impossible to get a solid, even sear without burning the shit out of parts of the meat. For my tastes it’s also just too shallow of a sear. I’ll use it to presear on longer cooks, but once I found the afterburner method I’ll never go back.
You’re half right. It’s also so war does not have to be bipartisan.
It’s amazing the English language has made it this far without a gender neutral monosyllabic second person plural.
She had my vote until she softened on M4A. Now I'm all in for Bernie. Of course I'm talking primaries, in the General I'll vote for anyone running against Trump.
Platform, or split level. It’s generally considered another floor if the previous level has occupiable space that extends under it.
Do you know what cities do not forbid? High intensity motion activated security lights.
I’d say no. Legally, the space has to be a certain height clear to be called occupiable.
Split level with a crawl space I’d say. A loft is usually a secondary floor framed out independently of the building’s main structure in a tall enough space. Also commonly called a mezzanine.
It’s common in larger cities, they’re right.
I find the texture to be even better after 24hrs. Coat with a thin layer of mayo and sear in a ripping hot cast iron pan.
This is why pepper plants love to grow along fences.
Sometimes it cripples you.
NPCs have a 15% chance of starting a disco party when you enter a building. +5% chance for every NPC present over 3.
3 more. Maybe try taking shitty Ubers?
\*LCD's
Fingering skills: *
Taab
I honestly think Trump did consider it perfect. He felt he finally had them backed into a corner and was about to get what he wanted.
The real story is that Pelosi has a massive cock.
You just know he was slurping loudly
It’s commonly misunderstood that Dallas drivers that don’t use turn signals are the assholes. The reality is that turn signals are seen as a sign of weakness by the true assholes who *will* speed up to not let you into their lane in front of them. This will gradually train even the most well meaning driver to either not signal for a lane change, or to activate the signal a millisecond before your tire hits the bumps between lanes. It could be said that even this behavior is a reaction to the ultimate assholes who will weave in and out of traffic just to save themselves a few car lengths at the cost of everyone else’s mental well-being and general road safety.
Or just use a magnet if you use a steel pot to sous vide like I do.
Need bigger magnets.
You gotta get your favorite bartender to make you a pickle juice martini.
After saving the princess, Mario had enough coins to retire comfortably in northern Italy.
No high speed rail connection down to Austin and San Antonio?
*bananokia
&gt;when it’s 2015 Yeah, definitely talking now
I cook chuck like this often, and disagree with finding the least fatty cut.
After buying a crock I will never liv without one again, and have to spread cold butter in my English muffin like a savage.
Spectacular presentation. How’d you finish it? What else are we looking at?
*Asstronauts
Just like the rest of us.
Once those zoblins get through the walls, all hell breaks loose.
Live your life while you're here, there ain't nothing special about dying.
This is the history channel we need
It doesn’t lose its weight necessarily, it lends it fully to how fucked up the situation is.
I believe Yang has implied he’s somewhat against it, which is surprising.
While acquaintances themselves are temporary, the impact they have on both parties can span generations. Cultivate your crowd.
Well it all paid off when they took all three branches of government in 2001 and made abortion illegal. Oh. Wait....
I like asparagus because you get to enjoy it twice.
It’s because his brain struggles with abstract concepts. Clean air and water are real, tangible things he can understand.
Avocadobat
“Because I want conservative judges” - my father
To protect good American values from the liberals.
It’s a method
I would sell you one of my balls for $1M. I get to pick which one though.
I turned to the right actually
Peanut butter or gtfo
Not if he seals himself in plastic
This jumped out at me as well. 30s is not long enough for a good sear and flipping more than once is a huge no-no.
“Why are you eating in the shower? That’s weird.”
*coarse sand
For a Texan, middle is overcooked and outside is under seared.
Catbernet. A rare vintage from northern France, drinking it will actually *increase* balance and agility.
Me, when I went to the mall to pick up some shirts on my lunch break, not knowing the kids were out of school that week.
She saw the fourth pic
So, like a bagpipe?
You haven’t seen the rest of the video.
I think you misunderstand how people that aren’t in his cult *really* dislike Trump and want him gone. It’s anecdotal, but my conservative leaning libertarian brother - who has never voted in his life - has decided to vote straight ticket D in this election and every election for the rest of his foreseeable life as a protest to the Republicans. I know two others in similar situations. Thing is, they don’t care who the dem nominee is. At all. I’m trying to get my brother more engaged to learn about them, but it simply doesn’t matter to him. He just wants Trump gone. He wants the GOP to fail.
You know you want to play all the rodeo side games at the stockyards in Fw.
OP is not a man, but what you say is true. Everyone I’ve known that was in an abusive relationship would describe their abuser that way. It’s why they stay in the relationship.
This is the only answer.
No worries, honest mistake.
I think there are a very few anti-establishment people like you describe, but not many. I know quite a few people that were that way in 2016 that are now “vote blue no matter who”. Don’t underestimate how much Trump has embarrassed and pissed of anyone not embedded in the right wing propaganda bubble.
Trump struggles with abstract thought. This seems to be him trying to draw an analogy between Elon and great minds in the past, but he fumbles it like a pig trying to fuck a greased up football. The resulting word salad sounds a lot like my drink friend trying to relate something brilliant they heard recently but doesn’t actually understand.
I preferred her until that. I’m all in for Bernie now.
Tarantino’s remake of Endgame is looking interesting.
Submerge your eggs in water. If they lay flat they’re too young. If they stand on end, they’re ready to soft boil. If they float, throw them out.
Asking whom? Everyone I know would vote for a literal pile of shit this time around to get rid of Trump.
I’ll give you a hint. The people that want to implement these types of taxes do not want to shovel it towards the military.
That’s, kinda how ideologies work.
It definitely won’t happen fast, they’d have to give their propaganda machine time to steer the base away from him, if that’s even possible anymore.
With the tension that’d require, if it snapped it’d probably raze Target.
I know what you’re trying to say, but no. She didn’t win sadly.
Part of me thinks they encouraged him to run for this reason. Best case scenario, he is the ugly orange torpedo that sinks the GOP juggernaut.
It rests on the fact that when things get real, rats eat each other.
Here’s a primer on a small part of their projection. If an anti-gay activist from the religious right says being gay is a choice, they’re bisexual. If they refer to it as a burden, they’re straight up gay and repressing it (at least in public).
Let’s not fool ourselves. The instant Someone like him wins, the oligarchs controlling the economy will send it into the tailspin we’ve been avoiding for the last 4 years. They’ll blame it on the Dems, rinse and repeat.
Helps you focus all your ki
Except anyone that’s been paying attention
“My kid interrupted me”
And south of the Rio Grande.
12 hours? What is this, the 90s? I have an app through my insurance, a quick FaceTime with a doctor and I can have antibiotics at the CVS across the street from my work in 10 minutes. Surely Amazon can at least match that.
Because it plays to their delusions of exceptionalism.
It depends on who is using the 3 hand towels on you.
I tried to get my gf to play but she’s just not into coc. So she’ll lay next to me in bed and play with her candy while I play with my COC.
The second is by nature a liberal right. I want gay couples to be able to own firearms so they can protect their marijuana crops.
Something, something, imperfect vessel
&gt;Putin wants as much chaos in this country as possible I'm convinced the end game is Trump refusing to leave office after either being voted out or serving two terms. The potential chaos in that scenario could be intense.
&gt;Warren brings no new constituencies to the table. That's [not really true](https://www.politico.com/story/2019/07/12/sanders-warren-voters-2020-1408548).
&gt;they will vote for Bernard regardless. If he's the nominee. This sort of move would be for the primary.
Beat me to it. That movie captured me from the beginning and then let me down like no other movie I’ve seen. I hate it so much.
No. He goes too.
Next time just eat little a salami.
If it makes you feel better, I predict the best and final skin of the set will be priced like the latest queen skin.
Look in the nearest big town.
what frequency are you on?
Or have already been doing so.
It looks like clip art pasted under a mediocre rendering of the White House.
&gt;peaceful as in following the laws of dallas, no That's just not what peaceful even means. That would make it unlawful, not unpeaceful.
That sounds very much like my experience growing up in it as well. The persecution complex is very real, and they wield it well.
We won't see the effect of that for another couple of weeks.
He’s still a conservative. It’s partisan bullshit to expect him to suddenly vote against his personal beliefs when he speaks out against corruption.
I think this is a good response. The term addresses a person’s actions, and is not tied to identity the way racist or sexist terms are. Yet, that doesn’t give license to devolve into name-calling.
I think it has something to do with “what the fuck” and “I don’t know” being incredibly common phrases that we’ve said all our live, but not “laughing out loud”. Where the phrase is common it persists.
Who could forget [this gem](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lBhZbxf3r7I)?
As someone who is not 100% on board with being called daddy all the time, "sir" will get me hard when said by someone that's into that head space.
Could be some sort of opening behind the fire. Otherwise, a standard shovel should do the trick.
Heat lamp taquitos.
Wow. So the “blow hole” is actually nostrils that can close.
You’re right on both counts. Still cool tho.
Even if I believed you, that doesn’t mean you can’t be racist.
Psssht. Next you'll be asking to not be tear gassed for exercising your first amendment right for peaceably assemble.
It's all fun and games until your helmet gets infested with fire ants.
&gt;Trump will try to flip Electors I fully expect this to happen.
There are people - hear me out - that are actually allergic to fire ants.
Are you just showering with bourbon?
Judging by my father's emails, there is no racism problem in our police in the US, and rioters are all burdens on society that are just looking for any excuse to take what is not theirs.
Or give the arm another, more powerful arm to punch through walls with.
Aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaahhhh!
Huh?
&gt;Trump didn't do shit except sit down in his bunker eating Cheetos watching Fox &amp; Friends I mean, he did force his way through peaceful protesters to a cringe worthy photo op in front of a church that didn't invite him.
It’s telling that “not doing shit” would have been his better option.
Yes, that is key.
&gt;I remember the excerpt where Trump learned he won and lost all the color in his face. He was terrified. I remember seeing this clearly on TV when he won the election. The guy was mortified, and didn't look like someone who had just learned he had been elected POTUS.
Yes, but he’s solely referring to himself at that age.
Thank you, I’ve noticed this myself. It’s not the ex-military guys that are the problem, quite the opposite. It’s the guys larping as military without the benefit of the training, discipline, and perspective it brings.
You are very welcome. Keep in mind of course that as with all generalizations there are always exceptions.
Huh, I searched for a bit and can’t find it.
Chokemon
If you look at the evolution of the elixer collector, it's always added more and more pipes and chaos until a point, then those pipes are consolidated to a larger pipe and it resets.
And good for the sniffin
Here’s a video of him contradicting you: https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=fpAyan1fXCE He moved away from it as a compromise to get ACA passed, but he is definitely for it.
That’s how political compromise works, and how he was able to enact anything at all. Here’s a read that gives a broader overview of his opinions, and how they’ve evolved: https://www.politifact.com/factchecks/2009/jul/16/barack-obama/obama-statements-single-payer-have-changed-bit/
My point is that his statements have been for it, but always couched with the idea that it’s not currently politically possible and it might have to be sidelined for now to enact *some* change. This appears to have played out in his actions, although it could just be considered pandering if you want to look at it that way. I don’t. For what it’s worth, I don’t think he was just compromising with the right, but with the established left when he was fighting to get ACA passed. As much as I hate to admit it, I think he is right for now. The progressive movement is growing, but Biden’s victory shows we are just not there yet. We have to keep pushing and moving the goalposts with future victories in mind. Personally, I think universal healthcare is the only real solution. I hope to see it in my lifetime, but the general political will is just not there yet.
You can forget to control runoff with gutters, and end up with horrible stains on surfaces below as that beautiful patina drips all over everything under it.
&gt;I would argue that Biden's victory was a result of the democratic party establishment coalescing around him, not the will of the voters. I would argue that it's both. I would've much preferred Bernie or Warren, but the numbers just don't play out. It's impossible to say what would've happened had the establishment backed a progressive instead of Biden, maybe it would've turned the tide, maybe it would've splintered the party. Personally, I think Bernie with the party amplifying his message would've cleaned house. Back to Obama, the speculation above aside, had he gone against the party I really think we would've fractured and given Trump another term. He's popular, but probably not popular enough to fight the collective power of the established party line and keep a coherent political force. This is my opinion, and I know I'm giving him the benefit of the doubt. I definitely find it infuriating that the established left has not started to push for universal healthcare. Were they to back it with the right messaging with their loud voice, I think it would suddenly become politically viable even to the point of drawing votes away from the GOP. The conversation has started to shift, and I think they will soon have to choose between backing it and being irrelevant. I hope that point comes soon.
This make is so much sweeter.
I mean, queen charge is a thing.
I bet my friend a bottle of whisky that Trump will find a "reason" to avoid debates.
You can have a table populate automatically using [property sets](https://knowledge.autodesk.com/support/autocad-architecture/learn-explore/caas/CloudHelp/cloudhelp/2019/ENU/AutoCAD-Architecture/files/GUID-D446B870-AA4A-4614-85AD-62F478D78634-htm.html) depending on which version of Autocad you are running.
While I like that it's specialty is defense - *remember the Alamo!* \- I do think as a texas pokemon it needs a couple of six shooters worked in there somewhere.
Right on. An oil/gun concept would be cool, and I get making that separate from this. To fit the more peaceful side of things, the star on its back could be stylized like a poncho.
Then the feeling of power grows as troops after troop is set aflame until you’re left with.... nothing. No more upgrades. Raiding loses its thrill, and you find yourself going through the motions of things that used to bring you joy like a junky looking for the perfect ecstasy of that first hit.
Nope, they fit more snuggly: http://www.digitalconcretescanning.com/images/services/PICT3762_five_pt_250.jpg
I like to think it’s pointing out the importance of acting quickly to remove the bad apples *before* they spread their rot.
Yeah, still loving clan wars and games, just ready for more.
That, and his actions.
&gt;Some people's taste buds aren't accustomed to the spice. I made a friend at work who's from Chicago. Over the last few years I've seen him go from thinking ketchup is spicy to actually being able to enjoy hot wings.
In the circle command you have 3 options, \[3P 2P Ttr (tan tan radius)\]. T &lt;spacebar&gt; will enter the tan tan radius option that does exactly what you are looking for.
That A/C unit is r/mildlyinfuriating
Those signs are required from the building side for visibility while exiting. The hinges show that this is the exterior of the door, probably opening into a loading zone that’s open to the outside.
Ok, I was wrong about the ttr function of the circle command. The way to do what you are asking is to draw two circles of the desired radius centered on both of the points in question. Then you draw a third circle centered of the same radius centered on one of the two intersections created by the first two circles.
I honestly believe he was disappointed that he did not get to wield the military to crush any of the protests, and this is his attempt to bait a real conflict to that he will have his moment.
It's not about where it can physically grow, but where it is allowed to be produced large scale to feed into the drug trade.
Holy shit, yes.
It doesn’t *make* you gay, but it might be because you’re at least a little gay. That’s up to you to figure out.
It’s just a hole in the floor
Was that really necessary? They are making valid points.
THE RAGE, IT DOES NOTHING
It’s like Mexican Parmesan.
He's just admiring his handiwork.
There are very few ingredients that can’t be mixed with eggs for some breakfast tacos.
My younger brother send to put it on all his veggies. My mom had a no ice cream unless you eat your veggies rule. One day he convinced her to let him put his ketchup-y peas in his mint chocolate chip ice cream. He finished neither the veggies nor the ice cream.
I’d say the children are fixated on the soldier’s hanging booger rather than any other part of his left nostril.
With this method, I’d be concerned the thickness of the chuck would mean it’s still cool in the center when you take it off the grill.
A few here in Dallas closed because a good number of their servers got sick.
Just checked. I’m good.
Amen brother (or sister)
Yeah, I've been checking every couple of months.
But they arent
A fun exercise is to first sketch your house from memory, then draw it in CAD and see how it compares.
&gt;can tell between BLM protestors and people in a bar. One of these two groups has a *much* higher rate of mask use, greater respect for social distancing, and operates solely outside where transmission is less likely. It's not the people in a bar.
So the artist clearly meant for it to be racist, and the vast majority of people see the card and think it's racist. Can you at least admit that in light of this it really doesn't matter in the grand scheme of things what you think?
And, you know, the rest of society.
"Walking in busy downtown"?
Do you have a point, or are you just being an ass?
The last sentence of that article: &gt;the phrase in its broadest sense can refer to places, like shopping malls and hotel lobbies, that are privately owned and open to the public, even if they are not legally required to be open to the public. All those places are required by law to have bathrooms that are also open to the public.
&gt;When the students poured into Tiananmen Square, the Chinese government almost blew it. Then they were vicious, they were horrible, but they put it down with strength. That shows you the power of strength. Our country is right now perceived as weak...as being spit on by the rest of the world. *Trump, on the Tiananmen Square Massacre*
Or vampire stalking remnants of lives from their previously human life to a creepy remake of “you are my sunshine”.
Gambit
I would save so much space in my closet not having to hang them up
I’m sure pieces of shit like this always had some sort projection they used as a defense.
I really don’t get it either. This seems way too basic to be on this sub.
“We need a movement that will use message and charisma to unify the people to produce real change to bring everyone together and fight the consolidation of power by the few.” “K, populism?”
No see, this time he triumphantly drank water.
There’s a hamburger joint in my neighborhood that has a burger on it’s sign that looks significantly bigger than the burgers they serve. It’s so unrealistic.
It’s not *bad*, it just looks like every other generic character design in any other mobile game now.
I second Slow Bone. It’s my favorite in Dallas, although I’ve not tried Cattleack’s yet. I hear it’s amazing.
Just turn and run. Most toddlers are slow and clumsy, and will most likely fall trying to chase you.
Curtains maybe?
It’s also when their insecurity in their appearance effects our national health policies.
It’s projection of incompetence
Browned?
Remember to keep your wild sex safe, wear a condom, hazmat suit, etc.
What the hell just happened here?
