Gotta say your girlfriend seems to have a pretty unique clothing and hair style! Like, I don't mean it in a bad way, just that looking at the picture I can't even get my head around how her hair is lying. Is it short in the front and long in the back?
Good of you to share this!
More like "wouhh hwaph!"
Why don't you want to see any bullfighters hurt? They are appalling human beings.
Yes, but I am also going to stop postponing things which means I'll get right on those things right away. I can't fail, it's bullet proof. I'll start just right after I'm finished browsing Reddit. And I need to eat something too. And when I'm eating I might as well watch some TV. I was also thinking of watching a movie later, plus my friends want to play some computer games today. Come to think about it, my schedule is quite full today, but tomorrow, tomorrow is the day! Ahh, feels good to finally have gotten the ball in motion!
Even though the difference is less than in more physical sports, the difference is still there. For some reason, at the extreme ends of sports/games requiring skill, men just have an advantage and it's not fair for women and men to compete. Chess is no exception.
That's not the point he's making.
Ah yes, drilling holes through a planet's molten core, that seems simple enough! Also, the rocket would slow down due to friction, you would still need to add as much energy to counteract the loss of speed due to friction every second (which is a pretty extreme amount at the speeds you'd reach, and also the atmospheric thickness, near the center of the planet). I don't see how this would be a feasible solution in any way honestly 😕 Edit: spelling
But they extremely rarely have political motives that they want to spread to the world. Shooters often have an agenda that they want to spread by performing their act. If the media would spread that willingly it would only get the shooter what he wanted.
Another totally overhyped game. Can people please calm down about games that haven't even been released yet?
Just ignore them. Done.
What? Are you for real?
Coon is one of the few SH cards that's actually kinda bad. One of the worst 5-cost epic tanks. Toolshed has very inflated stats and ability for a 3-cost epic fighter, I think both Mosquito's HP and attack needs a big nerf, and Kite, Doctor Timothy and Prof Chaos are also way too strong. I'm guessing Mintberry is also going to end up being seriously OP when people start bringing him to lvl 4, but it'll be some time before we'll see him high up. And when lvl 4-5 Mysterions keep respawning all fight long he's going to be great value as well. I'm guessing RedLynx are soon about to make big nerfs to the above cards to put them on level with "normal" cards, and then start releasing a new batch of SH cards (that also start off very OP so that whales will buy them and get nerfed at first in August or something).
If I remember correctly they said they knew there were OP cards in the SH theme already back in like September. Don't hold your breath. Although I think it's correct they will soon nerf the current batch of Super Heroes (and start releasing new OP ones).
"Bring more dudes" is all what sitrep is for. That's why it's useless. /orders can be used to notify about backcaps, let randomers across the faction know what overall plans are coming up from the organized platoons, asking people to leave a useless fight or that we need to put more forces on pushing TR/VS/NC. You might not like it, but that's tactics (even strategy).
What the fuck is wrong with the parents, just standing there doing nothing as the kid is hitting the girl?
Thought you were being sarcastic, sorry
😂
Apparently there were a handful people on Connery who spammed stuff on it. So instead of letting people just mute the morons or banning them, they removed the whole feature, on all servers. Yes, it really is as stupid as it sounds.
You say it in your first paragraph. "No one player is ultimately forced into playing as a team". Correct. So just ignore orders chat if seeing other players coordinating is such a big problem for you. Done, problem solved. I've played solo most of my hours in this game, and orders chat was something that really improved the game experience for me. I'm fairly sure people like me outnumber the people like you, and it doesn't even matter because people like you can just ignore it if you don't like it.
This is one of the hardest games I have ever played, absolutely insane difficulty. And it's made for children!!
It's really interesting to hear the input from someone like you, because it's so extremely different from what I think. Do you also think the game would be better off removing chat systems as a whole, because there are way more rage tells coming over "normal" lines compared to /orders? If I were to give a number, I'd say like at least 30-50% of my incoming tells are pretty toxic. It's just how it is. I also gotta say I wouldn't want to be sheltered from angry yells or tells or even on orders when people point out the reason why we're losing is that people are at a bad fight for winning. That's part of playing a game with *community* to me. I don't want to play just a single player game that I play together with other people. I don't want to be sheltered from other players feelings at every turn, at the cost of losing interaction between people. A "multiplayer" game to me isn't just the fact that the other characters are moved by other people, we could construct bots that move them almost the same. The "multiplayer" aspect really comes from the communication or community of a game. Remove that and you lose a big part of what a multiplayer game is, in my opinion. I have no problem with the checkbox to filter out Orders chat, in fact it's something I think is a given that they'll have if they put it back in.
Probably because she likes the look of it. As with most things about the outfits we wear.
Wait.... rare hamburger? Really?
As I understand it, it doesn't matter if you grind the meat yourself or not. The outside of that piece of meat you grind is still contaminated, and when you grind it you mix it all around. I've been taught with ground meat, beef as well, you should always cook it all the way through.
...do you understand how taxes and levies work?
Did it ever occur to you that if everyone figured like you, nothing would happen? At the same time, Australia is one of the countries that consistently have blocked global climate efforts and deals for the past decade when the rest of us are trying to do something about it. Australia releases 4x more CO2 per person than many european nations. That number has to come down.
So stop blocking global climate efforts and deals when the rest of us are actually trying to do something about it. Can you do that? Stop putting the worst climate deniers on the planet in charge of running your country, please.
That's a reflex many dogs have after pooing (that your dog just did). He probably doesn't do it on the grass because it's really tall.
...and yet, the democrats do nothing to change that system when they are in control either. There's no broad political push towards getting rid of the 2-party system or getting a system based on proportionality and parliamentarism. But that's really not what we're discussing here either. Bottom line is that people in Australia have consistently cast their votes for climate deniers the past couple of decades. I'm just hoping these latest fires will start to wake people up and that the climate will take a much bigger part in Australia's politics from now on.
I'm not a fan of Coon overall and if you've only got Tupperware, Mosquito and Doctor Timothy in your deck anyway I'd say you should definitely go with Zen. Coon attacks quite slowly and his value is heavily dependant on the amount of SH units you can put on the field. In my opinion his balance is a bit off, his non-boosted strength should be a bit higher, perhaps at the cost of a small nerf of the boost he gets from other SH cards (to keep him from being a card that can spiral games out of control). TL;DR: Go with Zen.
A much easier way to fix this problem with Esamir is to just not tie MBTs to the tech plant bonus. No need to revamp the map, just change a few lines of code and you're done. Better gameplay for everyone.
It is. It's not exactly an invasion force.
Historically, starting wars has been a solid way to improve your support. People see you as more of a man of action that won't be pushed around, and I also think more people want to give support to the leadership of their country during a war. It might seem odd but it works.
To be fair, for example Russia commits far more war crimes when they go somewhere than America does. But our media expects more from America so it's bigger news when the US does something. When Russia puts captured pirates in a dingy without fuel, water or satellite navigation and leaves them in the middle of the Indian ocean to die, it's hardly news at all. The stuff russians are doing in eastern Ukraine, or did in Georgia or Syria... But when one american stabs someone to death who already surrendered, it's worldwide news. I agree that's awful too, but it's hardly proportional.
That's a shocker.... This is awful for the US and awful for security in the region as a whole. Plus it also pushes Iraq to become allies with Iran, and thus also with Russia and China. Putin must be absolutely laughing his ass off.
What is wrong with you, seriously. That's no argument. He says he wants all rich people, including himself, to have to pay more taxes. That they **should**. Not that he alone specifically wants to pay higher taxes if nobody else has to.
In this thread: Morons saying "hE aLrEaDy CaN pAy HiGhEr TaXeS, wHy DoN't He StArT tHeRe?". He isn't saying he wants to pay more taxes than other similarly rich people have to. He is saying rich people, including himself, should all have to pay more taxes. Not that he wants to pick up the slack from another rich guy who does not want to pay taxes. The guy is saying rich people including himself should pay more taxes, and you find a way to criticise him for it, that's mind boggling.
He isn't saying he wants to pay more tax when other similarly rich people do not. How can you not see that? He is saying the rules should change so that he **and others** have to pay more tax. How on earth you manage to spin that into something negative is beyond me. Jesus christ man.
Not even the current taxes would be fine, the super rich has the total least tax burden anyway, and the poorest income earners the highest. Taxes are more than just income tax. And when you calculate how big part of your income that disappears in taxes each month (including when you buy stuff and so on), the poorest income earners also pay the highest taxes in America. The US is a system where the rich control the politics and where anything can be bought, and that has its downsides (like having a tax system that maintains the rich paying as little as possible in taxes).
...like on funding public healthcare? Like all other western countries in the world? Yes?
The tutorial is bad, but you should still play through it. There are tidbits of information there that are important. Press U to redeploy (spawn somewhere else). **If you start in Koltyr:** After completing the tutorial and redeploying, **if it says "Koltyr" at the top of the map screen** you are on the empty continent that nobody is on and need to change. Do this by selecting another continent in the rolldown list at the top of the screen, select a continent that is not locked (likely 3 will be locked and one will be open, where everyone are playing), and doubleclick the green circle at your faction's warpgate on that continent's map. Alternatively, change continent by selecting the "Indar/Esamir/Amerish/Hossin Warpgate" alternative in the list to the left on the redeploy screen. If this also confuses you, there is something called a "warpgate terminal" in the middle of the room you start in at Koltyr, where you can change continent. **Pay 2 win?** The game may seem like pay-2-win at first, but it really isn't. The default weapons are mostly really good, and the weapons you can only buy for cash are only cosmetic reskins of already existing weapons. In short, you can get any weapon in the game without paying a cent of real life money. **How do I get a tank?** You pull tanks and vehicles from "vehicle terminals". They are those hologram screens you see at places, there's generally one vehicle terminal at every base. You can find terminals on the minimap, they have little square tank icons, vehicle terminals have a little tank inside the square icon. Getting a tank costs "resources" (or "nanites"). They fill up automatically as you play, so don't be scared to spend them. You get 50 nanites every minute, up to a maximum of 750 nanites, and a tank costs 350 or 450 nanites depending on which one you get. Again, press U to redeploy. Do this whenever things slow down. To find fights, look at the population counts at different areas (you can see population in an area down in the right side of the map screen when you mouse over territories). High population from two (or all three) factions generally means there's a fight. Good luck!
How is it a billionaire buying public opinion? It's a billionaire who says billionaires should pay more taxes. If anything, all that **should** do is sway public opinion into making billionaires pay more taxes. But noooo. Idiots like you think it's some sort of reverse psychology. **"Let's not give the billionaire what he wants, in fact, let's make billionaires pay even less taxes!!"** Jesus freaking christ.
&gt;You realize you just contradicted yourself? You can't just quote one portion of what I said and think that means something. My sentence was "He isn't saying he wants to pay more tax **when other similarly rich people do not.**". Now get back to me. ^^^^^^Moron.
&gt;He is saying he wants to pay higher taxes. If he wants to advocate that others should as well through changes in the tax code, well, fine, advocate that position. Go for it. But it doesnt change the basis of his thought that HE should also pay higher taxes. And if he thinks he is underpaying, there is a simple process to pay what you feel you should pay. If you wont pay what you feel others should be forced to pay, you are a hypocrite. Again, he don't want to pay that unless others also need to pay. If you live in a village and you suggest the village pool together and build a school to educate your children, the response from the villagers shouldn't be "Well that's bullshit because you are not already doing it on your own, you're a hypocrite". How hard is it to get this? I really don't understand how people like you figure. He is pointing out that it's wrong that people like him pay too little taxes. Instead of listening to him and fixing the problem, your response seems to be to NOT listen to him, because he is one of the people profiting from that problem...? It's so incredibly stupid that I am pulling my hair here.
It's a perfectly fitting analogy. Your position is so stupid that I don't know what to say. &gt;Are you for a flat tax and no deductions? No? People who earn more should pay a higher percentage of their income in taxes.
Tell me how I contradicted myself again? Quoting people out of context, really classy move.
There are some (many) people in the world who do not care whether they die or not. For example, if there would be a civil war in North Korea and the regime is falling, they are very likely to order their conventional weapons to blast Seoul to pieces (a city with 20 million people, millions will die within the first half an hour), and then ordering their nukes to launch at cities in South Korea, Japan and US territories in the pacific (or even US mainland since they soon have that capacity). That's what's scary about regimes like North Korea getting nuclear weapons. At some point, some people will not care if they themselves die as long as the world burns with them.
It's not petty and selfish. It's how reality works. The world as a whole needs to lower its CO2 output. Still, there are lots of people, especially among the republicans, who don't feel the US should lower their CO2 output unless China also lowers it by as much. Speaking out and saying you want all countries to lower their CO2 output together does not mean you are a hypocrite just because you are currently running at a high CO2 output. It means you want change, but you can't do it alone. End of story.
That's how it works. I am paying my minimum amount of taxes that the law says I should pay. I also earn more than most people in my country. **That doesn't mean I couldn't also be voting for parties who want to raise the taxes for people at my income level. Society would benefit from it.** I really don't get how this concept can be so damn difficult for you to get your head around.
You just quoted me out of context. You deliberately cut away part of my sentence to make it seem like I said something completely different, and then said the statement YOU made it seem like I was saying was contradicting my other statement, when it really wasn't. Observe: &gt;your saying the right things **Thank you for saying that about me!** And all I had to do to make it seem like you were saying that about me was to edit out some words, just like you did when you quoted me and then claimed I contradicted myself! Remarkably nice of you to admit I am correct! Thank you! You can't just edit out what someone else is saying to make it seem like he's saying something different, and then say he's contradicting himself. Don't you see how this works? It's not rocket science.
...or say that people like yourself, yourself included, should have to pay more taxes, and work for changing the rules so that you start paying more taxes, but not be alone in paying more taxes when other people don't also have to.
&gt;Downvotes are a reflection of anything meaningful **Thank you for saying so!** And you are being downvoted! &gt;trumps a Nazi Do you really think so? Also, you should probably learn the difference between "your" and "you're", but I guess you'll get there in fifth grade. xD
So in your logic we should just do away with a country completely, and nobody pay taxes at all. Complete anarchy. Because unless everybody then give everything they earn to the idea of paying taxes, we should NEVER do it. Everyone who want to form a state where we pay taxes *together* are hypocrites, because in this anarchy they don't already give all their income to everyone else! Brilliant man, bloody brilliant. This is seriously some of the most deranged paths of thinking I have ever heard. It is perfectly fine for someone to understand that if people paid more taxes it would be better for society, and at the same time pay as little personally as he *must*. You'd seriously have to be either unbelievably biased, or unbelievably **stupid**, not to get that. Like I just said, I want people at my income level to pay more money in taxes. That includes me. I do not want to be alone in supporting the whole fucking country, so unless we raise the taxes for everyone, I'm not gonna be alone in paying. There is nothing wrong with that. I still want *everyone* to pay more taxes together with me. I'm seriously starting to think you're a troll from a conservative lobby group, this isn't rocket science.
Don't you get that there is a difference between taxes, and freely donating money to the state? Do you **seriously** not get that? How much money do you think the state would get as income if we didn't have taxes and relied on everyone just donating whatever they felt like? There is a **huge** difference between donating your own money, and wanting the tax rate to go up. Jesus fucking christ this is so damn stupid.
Taxes is one of the best inventions that humanity has ever come up with. Perhaps later on you'll realize that. Anarchy is not something to strive for.
&gt; Just because YOU want something doesn’t mean everyone does. I don’t want more of my money going to things that I cannot control. Jesus christ.. Let me explain this to you: I never said just because **I** want it it should mean you should also have to do it. However, **if we decide as a democracy** that we want higher taxes, **then yes**, you also have to abide by that. It's that damn simple. Then what YOU personally want does not matter anymore. Same as if we as a democracy decide that we DON'T want higher taxes, then what I personally want does not matter anymore. How is this difficult for you to understand? &gt;I am ok with people paying some level of taxes - for what taxes were originally intended for - national security, local and national infrastructure, etc.. And this. Who are you to decide what taxes are "intended" for? Far, far back in antiquity, taxes were basically only intended to make the king and his court's lives better. Nothing else. Should we go by that? Or, perhaps we try to improve our society? How about that? Hmm? Perhaps we should realize that it's a good thing with publicly funded healthcare. Publicly funded schools. Infrastructure, police, fire departments, science and development... &gt;If you believe that everyone should pay MORE in taxes then step up and volunteer yours over first and prove your point. There is NO reason for you to not to since this is what you so badly want. Why on earth would I put my personal life at a disadvantage compared to my neighbour just to donate my money away? That's not how this works, can you fucking get it into your thick head already? There is nothing hypocritical about that, you should look up the word if you still believe that. That I want everyone to pay more taxes is not the same as me wanting to give my money away when nobody else wants to. It is an absolutely braindead argument, and you keep regurgitating it as if it holds any logic at all. It doesn't. &gt;An illustrative example - let’s assume there aren’t any laws for hiring women or minorities in the workforce (I.e. discrimination). You strongly believe in the merits of hiring these groups and own a company and are in a position to do this yourself. But you decide to wait until there is a law for everyone to do it. Are you a hypocrite? Yes. You are. Exact same concept. Roflmao, no, that is NOT AT ALL the same. If hiring them would be an advantage, then hiring them would then BENEFIT ME PERSONALLY. Paying taxes **ALONE** does not BENEFIT ME PERSONALLY. **How the fuck do you not understand this already, seriously??** **A more fitting example:** A rock is blocking an important passage in our village. It's a big rock so I can't lift it myself. I suggest we should get together and lift the rock out of the way. **Then a braindead moron says: "No, you're not spending 100% of your time and effort to single-handedly trying to lift the rock, breaking your back, and getting incapacitated for life while the rest of us aren't helping you, so therefore you are a hypocrite if you want our help!"** That guy, is you. **There is absolutely nothing hypocritical about suggesting to raise the tax level for EVERYONE INCLUDING YOURSELF at your own income level, while not paying more taxes than you have to.** I am right. You are wrong. Goodbye.
...because they have to ask the coal lobby for permission first, and the coal lobby says that if they pass any climate action laws, they will stop giving those politicians money. **They are bought. Stop voting for them.**
&gt;Worst ~~hold~~ music ever FTFY. Seriously, they obviously just want as many people to hang up as possible.
What is the deal with the rip in space and time in the sky?
What is this selection of data supposed to give the viewer? I have no idea what a common point of interest of largest county and total population in a state have to do with eachother, they seem like two completely separate things. Might as well do one with hours of sunshine per year, divided by amount of cars in a state. Useless information.
It's the other way around now though, Trump is stirring up trouble with Iran to distract people from being fed the details of his impeachment, and to seem like a strong leader. Sadly, it's probably working. Most people have only so much time and energy to listen to news, the impeachment news is drowning in the Iran stuff.
Lol it's much more than that. You can only see like 5000 stars.
I don't think you know what "idea" means. You just took a [screenshot](http://mikejensen3d.com/wp-content/uploads/2016/06/Mike_Jensen_Argus_010.jpg) from another game and changed the color to pink. Also, why is this tagged "Player Studio"? Again, you did not make this.
How do you mean?
With more money it would have been possible to have a few more airplanes in the hangars or a few more fire engines or whatever, for when it's time for fire season.
The bloody idiot has undone all the progress towards democracy in the undemocratic parts of the world. God damn how much I hate Donald Trump, seriously.
It might be a really difficult thing to grasp, but being the world's super power with allies in all regions of the world, and having a strong military, brings countless other advantages. It's incredibly stupid to just throw that position away for nothing over the course of a couple of years. Trump has effectively dismantled the US's position in global politics, as well as undoing all the progress towards democracy and more openness in Iran, as well as pushing many other countries towards the Russia-China axis of world politics instead of getting them on the west's side. In short, the US has lost **a lot** of its advantages in the past 3 years with nothing to show for it. Congratulations.
Where did you find this info?
If an american group, let's say some paramilitary fanatical idiots in the midwest somewhere, decide to try to bomb the Brazilian embassy for whatever reason, does that mean Brazil are then free to launch missiles to kill american military on US bases in the Caribbean?
Who says they weren't abiding by the agreement? I didn't see at one credable source that there were even signs they didn't. Are you just repeating what someone else in your conservative echo chamber told you?
They **were** following the agreement, until Trump messed everything up because of his obvious inferiority complex to Obama.
That would completely ruin the US economy, every country in the world would sanction you for using nuclear weapons.
This. The US's word is worth less than air from now on. Even if it's a trustworthy leader 20 years from now, people will remember that at any moment, the american people can put a fuckwit on the throne.
Well you disqualify yourself from be taken seriously if you don't understand every country in the world would impose extreme sanctions on the US if they use a nuclear weapon. And the nukes you talk about the US used were during the second world war, and people didn't really understand their destructive power yet. And the nukes we have today are **thousands of times stronger** than those bombs. All the democracies of the world would cut off trade with the US, and Russia and China would gladly follow. The US economy would absolutely tank. Not to mention the world would be sitting at the brink of nuclear war. Global politics isn't Civilization 5.
Yep. That's the way it is. Because nuclear weapons are so damn much more scary than the chinese concentration camps. Nuclear weapons are borderline unimaginably horrible. And if anyone uses them, we are suddenly close to a MAD (mutually assured destruction) scenario. If you don't know what that is, it's a system between the US and Russia, to ensure no side can step too far out of place. And it's not like *"you destroy some of our stuff and we destroy some of your stuff so both sides loses"*. **MAD is the end of mankind.** Russia and the US has enough bombs to nuke every square centimeter of the world several times over. All of it. That's the idea of MAD in the first place, to preserve the peace. It's meant to be so unimaginably horrible, to prevent war. In a MAD scenario, Russia will not only nuke every centimeter of the US with even several nukes on each major city. They will also nuke every centimeter of all countries in the EU. And every country in NATO. And every ally of the US like Japan or Saudi Arabia. And of course Israel. The US will do similarly against Russia, and likely China while we're at it. And at that point it doesn't matter. Enough dust will be in the atmosphere to put Earth into an ice age which means we can't grow any food. Not to mention the radioactive fallout will also kill us all anyway. You won't survive even on New Zeeland. So yes, using a f-ing **nuclear weapon**, every single country in the world would absolutely sanction the shit out of the US until you get rid of the freaking lunatic you have as president.
Who is supporting terrorists? All I see people in here is that the Hezbollah leader seems more honorable than Donald Trump. And that's something I think most of the world (except for a blob of hardcore "The Apprentice"-fans in the US) would agree with.
You must be *really* confused about what is going on in the world 😂
The president of America: Says openly he will order his military to commit war crimes. Mother f-ing Hezbollah: "We'll only target military." It's like I've been put in another dimension or something. What the hell is going on?? Why don't the american public react more? This is absolutely insane.
The point is that what you are saying has nothing to do with what it going on now. Are you living under a rock? What do you think is happening? None of this has anything to do with gay rights, jesus freaking christ.
What am I wrong about? Is that really your best comeback? You're just trying to use coping mechanisms to avoid seeing what's happening. Trump **is** saying he will target cultural sites. **That is a war crime.** This is so freaking upside down, America is suddenly the bad guys and some americans seem happy about it.
Pussy is another word for cat. He was in cats. They don't have to censor that.
As soon as they have nukes, Trump will be groveling at their feet and calling them great leaders. Bloody moron pushing them to this. Before we could at least have people there looking to make sure they don't exceed their weapons grade enrichment. Now they're just gonna develop a nuclear bomb. It will take them two months if they hurry, and less than a year anyway if they don't.
Do you understand, that if they wanted a nuclear bomb, they could have done it in less than a year already? That's what they will do now. It'll go even faster if they fasttrack it. TRUMP said they were cheating on their deal. That wasn't a view shared by other world leaders, who wanted to stick to the deal. Instead, the bumbling fool of America is actively pushing Iran to getting nuclear weapons. Great f-ing move. Less than a year from now, they will showcase their first one. Which of course risks plunging the whole region into total war, since Israel will see it as a huge risk and might attack preemptively.
If the roles were reversed, you lived in a country where a leader you loved was bombed to death by a country you think is ultimately evil, and now that country is threatening to commit war crimes against you, you would want your country to develop nukes for protection as well.
Yes they did. And were allowing international investigators to investigate their facilities to make sure they did. That was part of the deal that Trump left, but the rest of the world stuck to. Iran is now leaving that deal, because they now realize that the only way forward is to develop nuclear weapons. It'll very likely take a country like Iran less than a year to develop nuclear weapons from this point, and it's thanks to Donald Trump that they are doing it.
Perhaps if he threatens Iran that he'll order the US military to conduct war crimes on mass scale? That seems like a brilliant move from a brilliant dealmaker. Oh wait he already did that! Of course.
You can't take them all out. These things can be hidden, and were hidden before the deal that Trump left. We also had investigators and access to make sure they didn't enrich more. It's relatively quickly to get enough weapons grade material for at least a couple of bombs. (In fact you don't even need "weapons grade" enriched material to make bombs but I'll leave that) Another problem is that bombing nuclear plants leads to catastrophic failures of that nuclear plant (of course), and meltdowns. Think Chernobyl, but worse because the response won't be as good as in Chernobyl.... where the response was awful. That's not a good idea when your own country is in the same area. Not to mention the international backlash. So "simple" is not a word you want to describe this with. Perhaps it's simple in Donald Trump's head, but the man isn't known to be the brightest man on earth...
I think he is just going by what Donald Trump has made up in his rallies. Those things are like listening to a fever dream, they're completely devoid of reality...
But... He said it in a rally! *In a rally!!*
It means most people in the world thinks Donald Trump is a clown. He's stupid, in the true sense of the word. He has trouble understanding things, he is impulsive, he lacks the ability to listen at advice from people who knows better, and he craves power. He basically has all the qualities you *don't* want the leader of a powerful country to have. The Donald Trump fanatics in the US are an extreme minority when you look at Reddit's user base as a whole.
Do you understand the concept of time? Iran only signed the deal in 2015. Since then, they have adhered to it. How could they break the details of the deal "decades" before there even was one? Donald Trump is an idiot for pulling out of that deal, and then aggravating them even more by bombing an official. Now Iran will most definitely get nuclear weapons, something that wouldn't have happened if Trump wouldn't have been president.
It's already happening...
That would probably be the end of the US as the world's military super power. The Iraq war was nothing compared to what a war against Iran would be. In Iraq, the US went into a country where a majority Shia population were opressed by a Sunni minority leadership. The military was in shambles, resistance was relatively low (although there were pockets). The country is mostly flat desert and the regime had no support from other countries. Iran is completely different. It's a country with **80 million** people, a quite advanced military, and the Shia islamic government has heavy, even fanatical support among the population. The US is seen as the devil. The terrain is difficult and mountainous, and the regime has support from Russia and China. Russia may well send their anti-air systems to aid Iran. And Russian military systems are top-of-the-line, they will swat US aircraft out of the sky left and right. A couple thousand US troops died in Iraq. But we're likely talking **tens of thousands** of US troops dead within the first year of a war against Iran. Of course, we're also talking hundreds of thousands of Iranians dead, but that doesn't matter to home opinion in America when the figures start rolling in of Trump's futile war, and clips of captured american troops being tortured to death starts rolling around on social media. I really hope there is no war.
Just because the US leaves the deal doesn't mean the deal is off. It was still on, because the rest of the world are behaving like responsible people. Trump is forcibly making Iran leave that deal, giving them no choice but to develop nuclear weapons. I'm not sure if he is doing it on purpose, or it's just stupidity, but he **is** doing it. I understand it can be difficult to realize that a man you have defended for a long time is doing bad things, but please, just take a minute and look at all of this with sober eyes. Trump is not good for the world, or for America. This is bad.
The US has no option at this point but to either simply let Iran have their nuclear weapons, or go into a catastrophic war where tens of thousands of american troops will die. So, it's one of the other. And Russia can absolutely send their equipment to Iran without taking part of the war themselves or it being open war between the US and Russia. It's called a "proxy war" and has happened many times before. Last time there could have been a proxy war was in Syria, where, ^^surprise! Russia sent their anti-air equipment to aid Al-Assad against the US, which meant the US couldn't conduct any air missions against Al-Assad's forces. Russia will likely not "stay seated" if the US attacks Iran. Russia and Iran are allies.
Like what? Bomb a nuclear power plant? Have heard of Chernobyl? If you haven't seen the short series on HBO you really should. Do you think the world would react happily to the disaster that would come from the US bombing a nuclear power plant? If you mean to bomb the nuclear centrifuges and the rest of the equipment to enrich the spent fuel, those are either at the same plant, or can be hidden away elsewhere. Just like we don't know exactly where all of North Korea's nuclear facilities are, shortly we will not know where Iran's enrichment facilities are. So, what other ways did you have in mind to prevent a nuclear Iran, other than going in with ground troops? Sanctions will have absolutely zero effect at this point, after Trump so cleverly has shown that a non-nuclear Iran can expect to be hit at any time.
The problem is when the US starts to act like terrorists, while the "terrorists" behave better than the US.
What the hell do you even mean? The headline is NEWS. It's just simple fact. If YOU interpret it to be "Trump bad", it is **because Trump is bad**. Get it yet?
Please, americans. PLEASE. Go out and vote! Tell your friends to go vote! The world can not take another four years with Donald Trump.
Is that really the deranged image of the world you live in?
Holy crap ostriches are big!
That's not the question I asked. I said IF a leader THAT YOU LOVED got bombed. Let's say your house gets bombed instead and your father dies. If your country had nukes, that wouldn't happen. Trump is effectively forcing Iran to get nukes, because countries with nukes don't get pushed around as easily.
Congrats on supporting someone who is stupid enough not to know what war crimes are. Must be great to vote for an obvious *idiot* to be in charge of running your country, just cause he's angry at the same things you are angry at. 😂
Why the hell have you "avoided politics"? Seriously, get BBC news on your phone and start reading. It's pretty damn irresponsible not to care about politics if you live in a democracy.
Dude there's **tons** of evidence against Trump in the Ukraine thing, it's goddamn water tight. The problem is that the jury are republicans, and they have made up their mind to allow Trump to do whatever he wants.
Perhaps that is because it also is pretty damn remarkable that the president of the United States says openly he'll order his military to commit **war crimes** on a massive scale, then **repeats** that threat? Perhaps that's why we're talking about it? Maybe? Do you think that could be it? Hmmm? 🙄
Targeting and destroying cultural sites with no real strategic importance is a war crime. What are you talking about? Trump very clearly several times openly threatened to order his military to commit war crimes.
There is no bounty on Donald Trump, it's fake news from the right. Don't buy into it, it's meant to provoke. Some iranian guy just said "if each iranian would just give $1 each, that would be $80m". It's not like some official actually put out an $80m bounty.
Hahaha 😂 "Here is the location of a holy mexican pilgrimage site where..." Trump: "Bomb it!"
It honestly depends in which perspective. There are many people who would have given their lives to defend and preserve these sites to make sure they survive for thousands more years. ISIS leveled the ruins of the ancient city of Petra, for example. It's a truly horrible thing to do, these things are the history of mankind and really belongs to all of humanity. There's a reason why it's a war crime to do so, there's no military reason to do this at all. Only to instill terror and erase history.
&gt;I mean think about it. If Hitler himself was spotted by some soldiers on the ground going into the Reichstag, would you just not go in there because it's culturally significant? No... you might not choose to bomb it, you might decide it is better to send soldiers in on foot, but it be like he ran to Safe and suddenly he can't be tagged. Jesus freaking christ, killing Hitler would obviously serve a military purpose. Trump is threatening to destroy cultural sites only to destroy them. It should be extremely obvious that that would be a war crime. Not even a die hard Trumpist should be that one-eyed.
I think all leaders of the world should be scared shitless right now because this idiot has absolutely no qualms about anything.
&gt;My comment expresses amazement that people like you value old buildings over human lives, or in fact maybe you don't, but you'll certainly act that way just to discredit the US president You're the one saying I jump to conclusions about you, when you do the exact same thing? Where did I say those buildings are more important than human lives? Hmm? Can you tell me that? You see people reacting to this, and it seems like you don't even understand why. First of all, soldiers die in wars. That's how it goes. If a real war erupts between Iran and the US over Trumps impulsiveness (which it very well might), then we are talking tens of thousands of american troops dead in the next couple of years. But those are the rules of war. Yes, we actually have rules of war in the world. Do you know why? Because wars used to be a lot more horrible than wars are today (yes, much more horrible than just a couple hundred thousand people dying). It's amazing I must explain this to you, honestly. So, that's why we have rules of wars. You're not allowed to needlessly target civilians. There are rules about prisoners of war. Rules about raping, murdering defenseless targets, or selecting targets based on ethnicity to wipe that part of a population out. There are rules that you can't occupy an area of land from another nation, and then move your own population onto that land to claim it for your own. Because **horrible** things has happened throughout all of history when this has been done. And there are also rules that forbid you from targeting cultural sites just to destroy them. Soldiers die in war. That's just how it is and nothing we can change. These rules are there to ensure as much of all the other horrificness of war is avoided. And here is your leader that I assume you voted for, saying he doesn't care about those rules. He'll order his military to do things strictly against those rules. We need to expect the US to follow those rules. Killing soldiers with roadside bombs is awful, but it's part of war. Bombing military camps killing 200 enemy combatants is also a loss of life, but it's part of war. It's soldiers. That's what war is. Killing all the Shia muslims living in an area that you conquered should not be psrt of war. Taking sex slaves from the conquered areas and killing all the men should not be part of war. Destroying the cultural sites of the enemy just for the sake of it should not be part of war. During WW2 they even had the sense not to fight around the most culturally significant places, like Rome with the Vatican, Colloseum, and all the other historic places there. All of that could have been bombed to shit, but even though the world was at war and millions were dying, they had more sense than that. **That** is why we (you also) need to react when Trump says these things. The guy is a moron and a mad man at the same time. **Please** wake up! Just because Iran are bad guys does not mean it's okay to put a guy in charge who says he'll destroy their cultural sites for no reason!
I am reading exactly what Trump the great communicator with the best words wrote, and then reiterated in a second post.
You obviously didn't think your previous posts through. I will accept that you realize you were wrong and allow you to crawl back. Bye!
&gt;How do you have 15000 pvp wins? &gt;Almost nk 24 and have only 7500 wins Doing the math here, he plays more than you do. You're welcome! :)
I don't think that's right. I think he can request the card from the team, but that's it. You still need to reach legendary to pull more of him.
Making the deploy shield passive and buffing it by 50% or so would help a lot.
Wow who is she? She's beautiful!
I mean I can't blame him, I would do the same if I only could and I think so would most men unless you find "the one". Most women are simply the most attractive between 18-22, that doesn't change just cause you get older. And it's these women's own choice so who cares.
Women also prefer beauty. And they're overall **far** more picky when it comes to appearance. The idea that men care so much about looks is bullshit, most men just don't care as long as they don't find the girl outright ugly.
I'd be surprised if the inheritance thing isn't just to trick the kids into thinking they won't be handed millions of dollars, so they actually go to school and educate themselves anyway..
You realize that giving awards does not neccessarily mean you *like* what the news is about, right? It's to make it more noticeable so that people find it easily.
He'll go to the bathroom soon enough, we'll have to wait for state secrets until then.
What hard way is that?
Bombing one of the top leaders of a sovereign nation you are not at war with, **especially** a nation you are also trying to convince to lay down their nuclear ambitions, is not the only way to handle things. Did you notice that before Trump started all of his shoot-from-the-hip Twitter diplomacy, Iran wasn't nearly as much of a problem? Here's a good tip: Don't vote for an *idiot* to run your country, just because that idiot is angry at the same things you are angry at. You want clever people to run your country.
We can expect tens of thousands of american troops to die in a land invasion of Iran. It might not even succeed at all. In Iraq, a couple thousand americans died. Iraq is mostly flat desert, difficult terrain to hide in and easy to traverse. The mostly Shia population was not supporting Saddam's regime. Iran is a much bigger country. They have a population of 80 million people. Their military is far, far more disciplined, advanced and better equipped than Saddam's was. The population overall and military especially holds almost fanatical support for their regime. And Iran is also a very mountaineous country with many several thousand meters tall mountain ranges in the country. So if it's a ground invasion you mean, that's pretty much madness. We'll see what Trump does though.
Maybe if there were no casualties that Trump will actually back down. Otherwise I don't know what to think anymore. I think Trump may win on it anyway if he backs down now, showing himself to "be the guy who won't get the US into a needless war" (that he almost started himself). People will probably eat that shit up, come election time.
The government holds massive support from the majority of the iranian people. Oppressive as hell against people who think differently, yes, but still almost fanatical support from the majority. The events in the last week only strengthens that support.
Not on purpose, of course. Mistakes happen. Iran military are on high alert for incoming US planes, see this plane that might have been mistakenly missed that it was a civilian plane, ground-to-air missile fired, passenger plane accidentally shot down.
...on accident. You do realize no one is suggesting they would do it on purpose, right?
This is the kind of stuff you can't get a short version of. Also, are you going to just believe the story of someone in Reddit? Start reading the news and keep updated of the world around you. BBC News is free. Get it on your phone, open it from time to time and read the stories that seem important or interesting.
No, that's wrong by any sensible evaluations. The bigger cities, Tehran especially, are more progressive and support for the government is lower. But overall, a vast majority of the country's 80 million people support the regime and the "islamic revolution". There is no reason to believe otherwise. Just because you and me might think the regime is shitty doesn't mean iranians have to think the same thing. Just like in mainland China, a vast majority of the population support their communist dictatorship regime. I might get downvoted for pointing out the simple truth, but that doesn't change things. Iran's government holds massive support in the population overall.
Sorry for being boring, but honestly if you just want a stronger deck: Cartman --&gt; Santa Nun Randy --&gt; Poca Bebe --&gt; Sharon Keep SoMM and Fireball, experiment with the rest. Honestly as long as you're running SoMM that's enough reason to run Santa, because SoMM's charge damage is just insane. You could halve that damage (to "only" 1 arrowstorm at one level higher) and he'd still be a staple in most decks. He's also a strong fighter even without the charge, especially at higher levels. There seems to be many complaints about SoMM currently though so he might take a big nerf soon. I hope he does, the current meta sucks.
So you want a setup to run PS2 on a tablet under $100 at 27 fps Do you live in Narnia? What's going on here?
If I don't remember wrong, the rocklet rifle does as much DPS as heavies with rocket launchers. It's insane.
Lol, that was quick.
There's no way in hell Iran will come to the negotiating table after Trump has figuratively held their hand in the sand and shown them getting nukes is the only reasonable deterrent. They'll go the path of North Korea - get nukes first (a country like Iran, it'll take less than a year), discuss sanctions later. Nukes will not be on their negotiating table anymore unfortunately, no matter the sanctions the west slaps them with in the coming year.
So you base that on that both classes have *assault* in their name?
Ohhh I'm having a shit day, thanks so much for uploading this! 😂
You do things all the time, breath, adjust, keep warm, and not least you use your neurons when you think. Your body does countless more things that expend energy all the time. That's basically it. Even if you're moving very little, you still need to eat a decent amount of food to avoid losing weight each day (energy deficit).
I actually used to pray to god that he'd make this and that thing go well for me the next day. I think I was up in elementary school when I started realizing there likely is no god listening in on prayers, haha. 🙂 I also believed in Santa Claus longer than my friends, I wanted him to be real so bad... There might be a connection here I guess, hahaha 😂
!yrruH !niaga rorrim eht hcuot attog uoY !kciuQ
Good job!
And most americans seriously believe Israel are the "good guys"... Sickening, honestly. Instead of the US pushing for Israel leaving the West Bank, they are actively pushing for a one-state solution that will never ever work unless ethnic cleansing is employed...
*Showing something that happens* "ReDdIt SuPpOrTs AnTiSeMiTiSm!!"
How many of those lived at the same time as man, is a better question. In the Perm-Trias extinction event alone, 95% of all marine species died out. That doesn't say anything about how bad or harmless humanity is for the planet. The world is in the middle of what historically will be one of the huge extinction events, happening at a geologically very fast speed, and humanity is the reason. Even if we try to mitigate it and save as many species as possibly (which we should), very many species will go extinct due to human civilization in the next couple of thousand years.
Depends... We might be at the cusp of becoming a space faring species, if we don't wipe ourselves out before then we might be around for a very very long time.
Inb4 surgeon gets confused by all the text and does the wrong one anyway
They replace the joint inside the knee, they don't cut off and replace the whole knee :)
You are joking, right?
The number on each square is the amount of mines in the squares next to that square. So a 3 means that in 3 of the 8 squares next to that square, there are mines. In the picture, he has solved the entire thing except for this last part, but there is no way to logically determine where the mines are. They are diagonal, that much is certain. But they could either be top left - bottom right, or bottom left - top right. He has a 50/50 chance.
He gets a good scare with his silly :o face every time you click a tile though. Serves him right.
Hahaha if I was that guy, I'd be going to hell! 😂
The faction starting the alert holds no particular advantage to winning it anyway if all factions do their best. The most fundamental problem that PS2 has had since the beginning is that there are three teams instead of two.
Pop difference means little in a system with three factions as long as all factions are trying to win. Same with skill difference. The other factions will just put more pop against your side if they see you are gaining an advantage. That's the problem of having a "serious" game with more than two sides. I think the vast abundance of players who have started playing PS2 looking for a deeply strategic MMOFPS, are quite underwhelmed when they realize how alerts actually play out.
The entire game revolves around grinding for more resources and leveling your cards up. You'll keep doing this no matter if you play the game for years and years, it's designed to be that way. Buying more resources for cash will make you advance a bit quicker up the "ladder", but if you think about it, for what? You will still keep grinding endlessly to upgrade your cards. I really don't see the point of spending real money on this game when it's that much P2W and the grind is endless anyway. My advice (**especially if you're new**) is just to just play the game and try to have fun! It can be a fun game. Don't bother trying to rush it.
...? Is that odd?
I'd **love** it if games with this type of monetization would tank because they get too little income. That would force the companies to move to other forms of monetization. I wouldn't care at all if I could subscribe at a monthly cost and that's all there is - and I know that nobody else can pay more than me to gain an advantage over me. Count me in, I'll throw my money on that. Or, I would buy card packs every month if I knew there was a reasonable monthly limit on ingame purchases at $10, that's how much anyone can spend and that's all the advantage you can buy for money. Sure, take my 120 or so dollars a year, I will support that. But games where anyone can spend a little bit more than someone else, yeah I'd love to see them fail. This game included. (And it wouldn't completely go into bankruptcy, it would simply remodel their monetization). Because then we wouldn't see this stupid model anymore. You can do whatever you wish with your money, but I'd personally be happy to see nobody spend money on this game unless things change. Which I understand they won't, because dun-dun-dunn, people keep throwing money at this stupid ass monetization.
Ah yeah force every player to run swarm cards and hope your swarm card is going to take out a 5-cost unchallenged on its own, which doesn't matter anyway if you play her correctly since she'll turn **eight** units when she dies. It's clear to see she's not in any way balanced and it's extremely frustrating to see your opponent play like shit, like dougie play one followed by throwing away some other energy on some stupid plays, but then throw out Liane and all is even again. Convert one ally, one enemy. Done. Fun card that allows plays and counterplays.
As much as I agree SH needs a nerf, at least Redlynx are aware of it which leaves me somewhat calm. They're just milking at much money as they can before they nerf the OP cards. What makes me worried is how painfully oblivious they seem to just how OP SoMM is. His charge damage is 2x arrowstorm at one lvl higher. No wonder the big brain play is to combine him with Santa, being able to release 4x Arrowstorm worth of damage at will is... "I win". And lvl 4 SoMM also fights like a lvl 5 Dogpoo so good luck power binding him and "earning" (losing) energy. IMO his charge damage should be halved. I know it would make him useless at lower levels, but honestly I don't care about lower levels or about Redlynx's stupid Legendary power curve. And still, dealing *one* Arrowstorm's worth of board wide damage each charge while fighting like the best epic 3-cost fighter is still pretty f-ing strong for a 4-cost. TL;DR: SH nerfs come soon enough, I'm tired of being blasted to bits by Santa/SoMM.
Wait, do you seriously believe that climate change is an essence flying around in the wild *lighting* fires? How a fire began is not relevant you nitwit, what is relevant is that the sheer number of fires and the conditions that allows them to spread to fast and wide. You are just for some reason trying to divert discussion about climate change, could be that you're part of a lobby group, or it's just a coping mechanism because you're probably denied climate change in the past and you don't want to be wrong.
Did you believe the opposite was that *climate change* is flying around in Australia, starting fires? That's not how it works. It does not matter if some fires were started by arsonists or lightning strikes or whatever. What matters is that climate change has led to the conditions for all of this to take place.
I disagree. First of all Transmog is not a counter, it's *at best* a straight energy exchange and if Liane has gotten even one single hit off, you are losing effective energy on the exchange. Tupperware is no counter, he dies 1v1 against Liane. He isn't affected by her deathwish, but that doesn't mean he is a counter. Mosquito will get nerfed, and is a unit that is supposed to be good against one low-damage unit. Mosquito will win against MBP if he is allowed to go up solo against him. &gt;Her attack animation is pretty slow so if she's the initial play a dog poo NK zap combo can kill her. Who says anything about using her as the initial play? That's honestly pretty stupid, you're arguing against cases nobody even mentioned. That she converts 8 allies and 8 enemies is relevant because it basically mean she converts *all* surrounding enemies. Not because it is exactly 8. At that point, it may as well say 100. That means swarms is not a "counter", you can't use swarms to try to soak up the chance of your more valuable units getting transformed, because *all* gets transformed. She *would* be fine at 1/1 conversion, and then balance her stats according to that. She's an extremely frustrating unit to play against when she is a card any idiot who plays bad can throw out to reset the board.
How has the western media blamed Trump for it? Stop trying to spread lies.
Like who? Who says that? I think you are intentionally mixing things up. The plane getting shot down **is** collateral from Trump's escalation. Just like the airliner in the Ukraine getting shot down by rebels is collateral from Putin's escalation. This wouldn't have happened if Trump hadn't been the major moron that he is. Had for example Mike Pence or McCain or Obama or basically anyone else with a brain been president, things would have evolved differently. But Iran's military are the ones who made the final mistake. Just like the rebels in the Ukraine, or the countless mistakes made by the US military in the Iraq war.
Nina was a hottie!
Don't know what the last icon is.
Hahaha, seven people. That means not even most devs who worked on the game can have cared enough to be on when it closed. Everyone knew it sucked and was an awful idea. How on earth did an idea like PS:A make it so far?
Amy Schumer
Dude you need to learn the difference between a counter and just minimizing the damage. Transmog is a way to minimize the damage. Just like lightning bolt isn't a *counter* to SoMM, transmog isn't a *counter* to Liane. Those are just ways to avoid *losing even more than the energy it costs to play the spells*. Liane has very few *counters*. She simply is an unbalanced card and way too easy to play to get extreme value. You are obviously an adventure player and do not want to see your new super OP card nerfed. And if you haven't seen Liane this event I don't know what you've been doing, she's in every single deck that includes fantasy that I come up against. The fact that you say she *wouldn't be played* if she converted 1/1 just shows you're either unwilling to listen or lack of imagination, I also said she'd get her stats adjusted slightly. You do realize she already have base stats as a 5-cost fighter, just a bit slower attack speed, right? She'd **absolutely** get played, she'd still be a great card. No matter what other picture you try to paint here, fact of the matter is that Liane is one of the most extreme cards in the game right now that is extremely easy to gain great value from every play, and a card that can be used by people who have messed up greatly to simply equalize the game and start again.
I think it's even more common not to finish at all, but for some reason that's far less known.
I think it's even more common not to be able to finish at all the first time. So it's pretty stupid to go through preparations to try not to come when the opposite might be what he wants.
Hahaha I kinda feel I wanna know more about this story 😂 You went through the whole thing with socks on and pants at your ankles?
Powerbind isn't a counter, Doctor Timothy is easily still better than a 2-cost without his ability.
*pokes Romania with a stick* Hello?
Well Trump say they did, and make-belief apparently beats what any experts on the field says.
It's hilarious when Trump supporters come up with new words or abbreviations. It's as if you think if you repeat made up stuff enough, it becomes true. Good luck with that. Again, electing a moron to be the head of your own country just cause he's angry at the same things you are angry at, to compete internationally against other leaders who are *actually* smart, is not a bright idea. You want someone smart to run your country, not a giant baby.
Libblahh Timmay!!
Unfortunately basketball is almost a competition in who is tallest. Unless the kid grows up to be really tall he doesn't stand a chance. 😕
Amazing motor skills and spatial awareness at his age! Perhaps goes without saying but be sure to let this kid try playing more than only basketball. First of all of course don't pressure him, but if it turns out he likes sports, it might turn out he has talent not only for basketball, and basketball is so much about height so unless he gets really tall that might not be his thing later on. Soccer comes to mind, many great soccer players were prodigys at ball sports really early on, and your height doesn't really matter.
Are they filming a Disney movie? What the hell is going on here??
In Trumps head: *"They think I'm the Messiah!"*
Literally just try to be romantical. It's literally just that. One way *not* to add romance to a relationship would be to ask on Reddit what other people do and then just try to copy what they're doing.
I believe it is lag dependent. So you need to wait longer for the reload to register at times of high lag.
Hahaha 😂
With a higher price, less people buy them, which is good for the game so I'm not complaining. Prices are good where they are, in fact would be nice if they raised them even more.
The title was so confusing. I thought Chris Hansen was referred to as an "onision", and had called 911. Had to google onision to find out what it was. If it's just some youtuber you should really clarify that in the title, like "Youtuber Onision calls....".
Gwyneth Paltrow is a genuinely disgusting human being. I can not believe Netflix are giving this show any air time. Seriously, people should cancel their Netflix accounts and name this show as the reason. It's absolutely horrible that this shit is allowed to air.
What? Does that imply you agree with what Gwyneth Paltrow is doing? Seriously, she is knowingly tricking people for money.
Wait, Apple is doing something good?
No I think Apple could do it. But refuses because it sets a legal precedent that we don't want in our society.
He is absolutely not the only person in history to survive a night without shelter in the death zone. Several people did in the 2008 K2 disaster alone. Don't spread misinformation, now people will read the title and spread faulty information on.
He likely lost many extremities, but he's far from the only person to survive a night without shelter in the death zone. That part is wrong (very wrong).
&gt;Edit: yes I know the death zone starts at 26,650 feet. Hall was certainly the person who survived a night at the highest altitude in history But that's not what your title says. See what the problem is yet?
Yes...? Is that odd? Being a member of the EU is incredibly beneficial.
If it's funny, it's funny. There are obviously things you shouldn't joke about depending on the situation, but that also makes the joke not funny in the first place.
I don't think you know what dark humor means
Someone joking about jesus or muhammed will hurt hardcore believers. People joking about scientologists will hurt their feelings. Someone joking about whatever absurdities at all in the world might hurt someone who happens to care about that. Just because someone might get offended does not mean they get to tell other people not to say that. Okay, you're offended. So what, the joke was still funny, I can't help if you're an extremely sensitive person around this subject. Obviously you shouldn't make fun of someone's disability or whatever, I'm not saying any joke is funny or approproate, but you go so much further when you say that as long as it hurts anyone, you can't say it. That's just plain bullshit.
Any country in the EU has self determination. You have just been led to thinking that is not the case. They want to leave the union where they do *not* have self-determination, and join the EU.
Evidence? The last vote was on the edge and since then everything with Brexit has happened. There is very likely a majority for leaving the UK in Scotland now.
Brad has 0 before they remove everyone's score. "Hey Brad's score is still on there"
Thanks for the list, greatly appreciated for context! However literally not a single game I want to play, haha 😂 Edit: Err, thanks for downvoting just because I say I don't want to play those particular games..?
Don't know why you're being downvoted really. As far as I can see from the list it mostly is triple A garbage, as you put it. But you have to consider that most of those games are made to be kind of bland to appeal to as wide of audience as possible of mostly below-20 year olds. Probably lots of people who are still looking forward to them, and I can respect that. Just that I'm not one of them. Also, how did Cyberpunk 2077 get so mega hyped? Was it the Keanu Reeves thing? Because that game feels like it could dud worse than No Man's Sky from the hype it has now.
Was looking for this, and I just gotta ask, what is it about that game that has you hyped? I've seen a few promos and so on, and then there was the Keanu Reeves thing, but all in all I couldn't help get the feeling it was basically nothing more than GTA in the future... Am I wrong? Or maybe that's exactly why you want to play it? I'm just trying to understand why it's so extremely hyped, to me it seems like a very successful marketing campaign that leads to expectations the final game *might* not live up to. (No Man's Sky comes to mind)
I asked someone else in the thread and I'll ask you as well since you seem to know more about the game, I've seen some promos of the game and of course the Keanu Reeves thing, but I just get the feeling it's basically GTA in the future. With a branching storyline of course, but otherwise it feels similar, you're in a big city and go around and do different quests to progress the story. It doesn't seem high-skill dependent or similar, so all in all kinda like GTA (that I don't like either..). So that doesn't sound like a game I'd personally enjoy, but I have total respect that many others do... but am I missing something? Please explain! :)
You mean "evidence" as in, the results of an election? Because that's obviously not possible. The last election was lost by a small margin. - That was when the UK, as a member of the EU, said they would veto Scotland from becoming a part of the EU (which again is their right as a member of the EU), which would force Scotland to vote to remain in the UK if they wanted to remain in the EU, which the scots wanted. - That was before all the bullshit with James Cameron later calling for a referendum on Brexit, and for the referendum to be legally binding (which is just plain stupid and nothing a reasonable democracy should do). - That was before the **result** of the Brexit referendum where England voted drastically different from how Scotland voted. - That was before all the crap with Theresa May and her disastrous attempts at getting a good soft Brexit. - And it was before the person who came with the most blatant lies, Boris Johnson, became the prime minister of the UK. - And it will have been before the UK leaves the EU only to end up having to accept far worse trade deals than the EU can get. There is honestly no way in hell Scotland wouldn't vote for independence in this situation. There is no *evidence*, as you call it, but the burden of evidence does not lie on me. All you need is pure common sense. Scotland does no longer want to be part of the UK and would vote to leave, given the chance. You must realize this, as well as Boris Johnson does. And surely you **must** realize that there are more people who want Scotland to become independent, than *only* the people voting for the SNP, right? You **must** realize that, and are only trying to throw smoke? The amount voting for the SNP has nothing to do with this.
Damnit I had already opened my bag of popcorn when I realized the title said "page", not "rage".
Can they PLEASE make it so that all three factions can pull MBTs on Esamir already? If they're making changes to "strategic" stuff anyway? It ruins most chances of good tank battles on Esamir.
This would be an excellent and simple solution that I would be perfectly fine with!
"You don't hate homosexuals??? **Get out of our school!**" I'm glad I don't live in a f-ed up country where things like this is a regular thing.
Feels like a waste of time to load one in and open it...
Look again.
It has always been 89% for me from at least like 5000 to now 7000+. Are you actually *looking* at it at this very moment? Sounds like you are either remembering wrong and is repeating the wrong info here (I'm guessing most likely), or something might be wrong with your game man.
I question some of these spots: SoMM deals 2x Arrowstorm damage with every charge (of +1 level), and he is still one of the best non-5-cost fighters in the game without his charge. To me he is easily the most OP card in the game right now. You could halve his charge damage to "only" one Arrowstorm per charge and he would still hold great value and people would run him. His charge is the most needed nerf in the game. (You think Adventure have few other good units if SoMM is nerfed and that SoMM is carrying Adventure? Well of course then their worse cards should maybe get buffed, that's no reason why one card should be so blatantly OP) Mintberry, Human Kite, Toolshed and Professor Chaos belong in the OP slot. I'll give Liane the benefit of the doubt from not having been in the game long, but in any case she should definitely not be *lower* than Cock Magic. I disagree with Ninjew being in the OP slot and WDT being T2, feel like they both should be about where Medusa is. I'd move Awesomo to T2.5 and Coon to T2. I agree with every card you put in T3, and would probably move Diabetes to T3 also. With so many cards mentioned I am bound to tread on some toes. I am ready for the downvotes! :p
For someone out of the loop: Who or what is Hydeen and why are people being banned?
I'd gladly take that debate any time if you're willing. I'll agree adventure aren't the strongest faction currently, (SH are), but as a single card SoMM is *by far* the strongest. Dealing **twice** the damage of a 4-cost spell (a spell that by this chart on its own is halfway between "strong" and "OP") in every single charge... is frankly absurd. And on top of that he is also an extremely good fighter with very fast attack speed.
&gt;Guys, guys, President garrison does 680 dmg that’s almost a lvl5 lightning bolt every charge, that’s a 4 cost spell every charge, HOW OP IS THAT SHIT!! Nerf him, he is easily the strongest card in this whole game, it’s pretty absurd if I say so myself /s Given the patronizing tone I doubt you'll even read further or pretend to misunderstand my points on purpose, but I still hope that you might just read it with an open mind and you might get some new insights. **Alright, since you just went there, let's compare SoMM to President Garrison then, I'm fine with that:** As you say, President Garrison's ability works similarly to a 4-cost spell: Lightning Bolt. But of course, one huge difference is that you can't aim President Garrison's ability, which as I think we all know is absolutely fundamental to the usefulness of the spell. Furthermore, at lvl 5, President Garrison deals 765 damage with his ability to *one* target. And lvl 6 Lightning Bolt deals 951 damage. (SoMM at lvl 4 deals 716 damage to every unit on the field) So, comparing their abilities alone: SoMM lvl 4 deals **more than twice** the damage of Arrowstorm lvl 5, which is also targeted in the exact same way as the spell. PG lvl 5 deals **20% less** damage than LB lvl 6, and you can't even aim it. Next, let's compare stats: SoMM lvl 4 has 878 HP and 108 DPS. President Garrison lvl 5 has 1146 HP and a "whopping" 25.2 DPS. And on top of that, President Garrison is a 5-cost. So in comparison with a card that is designed to have its charge as its strong side, SoMM's charge is still **much** better. SoMM is simply brutally OP. Sorry if you don't want your deck to get nerfed, but there is no denying it. &gt;2, Yes so his charge ability does decent damage, his charge isn’t guaranteed tho, more often then not he dies before he even gets one charge off. He has so many counters. SoMM has **zero** counters. A counter is a card that leaves you with an energy surplus. Your best move by far is to LB SoMM, if you have it. It is absolutely a good play, I'd even recommend it, because you will save energy that you would otherwise lose. But it is not a *counter*, it does not give you a positive energy trade. Same with UC, Transmog, and so on. It's still worth it to get rid of SoMM, but that doesn't mean it's a *counter*. A counter would be to spend like 3 energy to get rid of SoMM. Power bind is not a *counter* either, because by himself SoMM is still a 3-cost fighter (equal to Dogpoo), even without his charge power. If your opponent plays SoMM and you play Power Bind, your opponent is still up in the energy exchange. SoMM does not have counters. &gt;3, Take dsr, almost guaranteed to get her warcry off, same attack but 100 more health then somm, reasonably the same attack speed, but she has One counter which is sniping her before her warcry goes off, how many counters does somm have? Lol You are maybe not aware of this, but SoMM has very fast attack speed and DSR only average. SoMM narrowly **wins** a fight against DSR. He is a kickass fighter even without his charge. &gt;5, Git Gud Excellent level to put this on after having said so much baloney and simply wrong statements.
Huh! Talk about TIL! Thanks!
Wow yeah that is extremely arrogant behaviour from a game developer. Would be interesting if someone got this story to the "higher ups" in the company, it may very well be that the people in charge have no clue that one of their games is being run this way by the people further down. First saying there is nothing wrong with the game when someone says the game can be hacked, and then banning everyone who mentions it after the hacker shows they are lying is both unprofessional and also downright incompetent. If I were the head of a company in charge of stockholders' investments I would start looking for new leadership for that game. Thanks!
I'll just head you to [this reply](https://www.reddit.com/r/SouthParkPhone/comments/ephg1k/legendary_card_tier_list_s24_v212/fel04ob/) that I gave the other guy if you are actually wanting to read more about it. Yes, SoMM is easily the most OP card in the game right now. I am not saying Adventure as a theme is strong, please separate the two.
TIL = Today I Learned Yeah I have an Android as well. Weird.
That's kind of admirable. Much better than pushing a half-assed buggy game after all the hype.
No, regen doesn't *counter* poison. I skipped over it because I already covered it. Regen (assuming one level lower) heals the same amount as poison deals damage. You do not gain energy by playing regen when your opponent plays poison. Regen is not a counter to poison. It can be a response, you are mixing the two up. As for the "dumb as a doorknob" remark, I think it will be obvious to anyone reading this convo who that description fits with... 😂
- Powerbind does not counter him. You end up in a negative energy trade, he is still as good as Dogpoo, your enemy gets a Dogpoo for 2 energy. - EJ does not counter him. You still have a Dogpoo-strength unit on the field which is the same cost as EJ and a better fighter. Until EJ dies when SoMM regains his charge as well. - Saying Mecha Timmy counters him is an extreme stretch and I think you know it, if anything it's rather SoMM who counters MT. You're suggesting people would let SoMM be the closest unit to MT when his charge finishes? - Tupperware does not counter SoMM, they are both 4-cost units and lvl 4 SoMM beats lvl 7 Tupperware in a straight fight. The only "reasonable" counter to SoMM that you gave is MC, and that only works when SoMM has walked over to your side of the field which means he'll have charged at least once already (meaning it's not really a counter anymore). And finally, SoMM deals more damage (a lot more) in one single charge than Satan does in his warcry. And Satan is a 6-cost. Please stop saying SoMM isn't ridiculously OP.
Hahaha doesn't even matter, watch as the democrats can do nothing at all anyway
Is this the first CCG you play?
Who is those other people? If you mean the guy who said EJ, Tupperware, MT and so on counters him, you should read my answer to him. They do not counter SoMM. You end up at an energy disadvantage. You should try to look further than your obvious faction bias and realize that despite that your deck is crutching on SoMM, he is extremely OP right now (again, his charge damage should be halved).
Hahahaha! I freaking **knew it**! **You're that same guy, aren't you??** With a new account! 😂😂 Can't remember the name, gotta look it up in my post history in the morning. The same aggressive style, the same personal insults, the same fundamental lack of knowledge about the game... And the same style of writing several separate replies to the same post! So you're on a personal crusade against me, huh? Hahaha, this is bloody hilarious, might be the best thing I've experienced on Reddit! 😂😂😂
u/rabidsquirrel12345 ! That's you!! Hahahaha, this is so freaking funny! 😂😂😂 Thank you for this! 😘😘❤ Edit: gotta be clear, of course I'm not sure it's the same guy. They just write similarly and both make 2, 3, 4 replies to one single comment. But either way, this guy here is just a troll account if you look at his post history. Pages and pages of calling people retards and so on.
Jesus christ, look at this guys post history. Obvious troll account. Uhmm... There might actually be something wrong if it makes you *feel good* to have an account only for talking to people like this.
It is the guy you got the quote from that you just posted to me. And I was suspecting you were the same guy even before you happened to post part of a convo with "that" dude, you have the same style of writing and both seem to have a habit of leaving an endless stream of multiple branching replies when you get agitated. I might be wrong, but either way, doesn't really matter. Anyway, since you're just a troll account I think it's fair to say nothing you say should be taken seriously. And some of the things you tell people on this sub... jesus dude, you're one toxic individual. You never stopped to think what South Park are making fun of throughout their entire troll trace season? (Just wanna say, if things aren't going well in school socially or whatever, things do get better later. Just in case.)
Is this odd? The end of 2007 was financial crisis, no wonder people had no money and prices dropped... Would have been more interesting to see the change from 2006 to 2019.
Don't worry, it'll be up and running for its second season soon enough. Almost ready to start now.
Oh my god, yeah I'm so glad I've grown up in a country where people typically never go to church. 😅
Also one of the many bullshit ways Apple are holding the poor souls they call "customers" trapped to their subpar products.
I noticed it as well. Even unlocked the outfit I was already wearing.
This problem started when only the central bases would unlock for the first ten minutes when a continent opened. Ten minutes was far, far too long. So, with a full continent everyone were forced to the center, and a mega 3-way fight would start. This became the new norm. And big fights at TI Alloys don't end easily. Meanwhile, people are looking for quick ways to farm things, objectives and certs and so on. They see big fights that carry on for a long time as a means to do that. And even if it's a shit fight, if others will farm their stuff there and I don't, I get at a disadvantage. It took the devs way too long to shorten the 10 minute period, so people got used to there being a big fight at TI Alloys, so now people will start by going there either way. And every time a fight ends somewhere, many redeploy back to TI Alloys. It's sadly relatively rare to see a defence of Palisade or Quartz Ridge lead to the defenders pushing out to Briggs or Indar Ex nowadays. Most just redeploy back to TI Alloys. Just my two cents. How do we break this? Remove TI Alloys. I think making it a vehicle capture point on the field to the south is a good idea. It was always too close to the Crown anyway.
This needs much more publicity. It's no longer some ridiculous Terminator fantasy. These robots **will** be used in future wars, and they will be incredibly hard to deal with. They will have no fear, feel no pain, their reaction time will be close to none, their senses and spatial awareness will be extreme, their aim will be incredible... One of those "dog robots" from Boston Dynamics with a gun or three mounted on it will be extremely difficult to deal with, especially if their owner have them set to kill-on-sight - which they **will** in this sort of scenario because the side that doesn't will be at a massive disadvantage. So yeah. These killer robots are basically our worst nightmare apart from nuclear weapons. Countries like Russia, China, the US waging wars with these things can leave massive amounts of dead with no way for normal living soldiers to effectively fight back. Edit: Not to mention how quickly the power balance can spiral out of control and the country with the most effective robots might overwhelm the sides with weaker robots. There is absolutely nothing saying the US will have the best robots, China might as well become the leading country on the field.
The danger is the escalation of this, and how obsolete any other military force will become and the following imbalance of power due to which side developed the best robots. And given the quickness of reaction in these things, one side that sets their robots to first identifying whether a person/robot is a threat or not before opening fire will be utterly chanceless against robots that just kill anything that moves. And they'll aim and shoot almost instantly. A future with facial recognition systems, walking robots with firearms, communications systems (internet, phones, and so on) where everyones' activities are being watched..... it's a really dark future with practically no possibility for the population to form a meaningful resistance to an opressive regime. It's just bad, really bad. We need rules for all of these things.
Yes. This. Who the hell cares about the royal family, please leave me the hell alone.
In the trailer: *"But wait! There is a catch..."*
Hahaha
I'm sorry not to be an asshole, but has Adam Driver done anything other than play a bad guy in the new Star Wars movies? He seems like a great guy but I just feel he's getting a bit much room in things like this for what he's done.
Way to not come off as an out-of-touch 80-year old man at all, Joe! Really, brilliant move.
You might want to read something else unless you're completely out of things to read.
Green Bay Packers is like the only sympathetic sports club in North America where the club spirit hasn't been completely ruined by the corporate shitfest that is american sports leagues. I take it they got knocked out from the playoffs by some Coca-Cola Company team?
Franchise? Packers are literally the only non-commercial sports team in North America. Meanwhile I am willing to bet you "follow" a team that might as well be called "The Coca-Cola Bottlecaps" and who will pick up and move halfway across the country to another city and change name if they think that will increase the profit. Quite honestly I don't understand why anyone would be a fan of anything *except* the Packers in North America. Sincerely, a european.
President Garrison wants to have a word with you. ;)
Here it is: Investing money in this game will lead you nowhere, except a couple hundred or thousand ranking points up where you'll experience the exact same situation. You will always meet people with higher levels than you from time to time (more often if you're good at the game). Play the game if you think it's fun. If you're new at the game at this point, just know that you'll never compete for the #1 spot in the world anyway. Take that out of your mind and I think you'll enjoy the game more. It's a fun game, it's fun to think up different decks to play, it's a great game to play on the bathroom or on the bus. You can invest some money into it if you **really** want to, but just know that you'll experience the exact same unfairness anyway.
^^INB4 "Unfortunately, this also means that any holder of a *Daybreak Games* Lifetime Membership will now require a monthly Rogue Planet subscription to maintain their membership benefits while playing Planetside 2." Haha nah, just kidding. I don't seriously believe they would do that. ...they wouldn't, right?
Oh okay, I missed that! Thanks! (It is guaranteed, if anyone wonders!)
No it isn't. Read again.
Yeah definitely this. Possibly Maxi instead of powerbind since it's a spell.
Wait, so someone *rapes* a girl, but it's not a crime if he marries that girl? So her family can force her to marry him if it's some weird ass culture where they put the blame on the girl?
Hahaha things like this just crack me up. Those people must be complete sociopaths without having the slightest clue of it themselves.
What a sociopath. Do people like this really exist? And why do normal people seem to be friends with them? I would never hang out with such a person ever again.
Seems like something an instagrammer who wants more follows from gamer guys would say.
"Greenland has shut their borders."
troll
So about 3% of the US population. Way to give a shit about what happens to your democracy, America. People don't seem to understand that this isn't a trial, it is a political matter, not a matter of the law. This will set a precedent for coming leaders. It's about questions like, is it okay for any future president to do what Trump did? How far are presidents allowed to go to supress their main political opponent ahead of a coming election? Is it really okay for a party to say that they don't want any witnesses to be allowed, or any evidence to be presented, when a president is being *impeached*, just because those politicians benefit from that president remaining in power? Look at Russia what happens when a president is allowed to use more and more means to suppress his main opponents in elections. Russia was a democracy as well. A democracy is not something that just magically upholds itself, and it's a slippery slope towards something that only looks like a democracy on the surface (again, look at Russia, or for a more recent example Turkey). I can not believe more americans are not more interested in this.
That doesn't mean it's a waste of time. Rather the opposite. People need to remember how the republicans act here when it's time to go vote.
That's even more reason to watch it. People need to see how much Trump has against him and how the Republicans still aquit him just because they gain on having him in power. That's what should be on people's minds when it's time to go vote.
That's a separate issue though.
Ah ok, that makes sense! Thanks!
Scar was called Scar because he had a scar. Not because his parents called Scar at birth... Come on read the Lion King wiki and learn the lore ffs! 😛
1. Click the currently running event on the bottom of your main screen or PvP house screen 2. Click "see cards" 🙂👍 There you also see which cards are boosted. Boosted means they take the upgrade level of that card if you have them both in your deck. So even if you have 4-assed monkey lvl 1, it will take the same level as your AQR if you have both in your deck.
Umm. You realize this is photoshopped, right? :)
I can't tell if you're joking or not. There were smiles on the [original picture](https://pbs.twimg.com/media/EPEbDnQVUAAG4D-?format=jpg&amp;name=4096x4096). Then someone photoshopped it to Wrelify the image and make everyone's faces into Wrel. Again, can't tell if you're joking.
One card **shouldn't** balance a theme, so I'm really relieved they didn't make Stuart as OP as for example SoMM is. With Stuart, Scifi has one more useable card but they still have many weak spots under the top level that I'd hope could be fixed. They have decent legendaries, and Visitors, EJ and SWT are all great (Visitors could use a small nerf). But for example Awesomo and Program Stan are not exactly top notch if you compare them to alternatives. And they are two of the supposed "good" cards in Scifi. But anyway, I'm really glad Stuart does not seem to be this super-OP new legendary meant to carry Scifi on his shoulders. Well done RedLynx! :)
Looks like a super quick deck. You would probably do better if you swap poison for an instant damage spell.
What is the game launcher?
....and that is absolutely not the point here. Do you seriously not get that or are you just acting stupid? Hitler, Stalin, Mussolini, Saddam Hussein, and Kim Jong-Il accomplished more than you ever will in their lives. That doesn't mean they didn't do really shitty things that they deserve getting exposed over. Dr Phil seems like a genuinely awful person who exploits poor and stupid people to come on his variety freakshow for his own massive monetary gain.
It sounds like you may want someone to talk to about your issues in life, perhaps a psychologist or something. It can really help. Also, if you are depressed know that it gets better! As for weight loss, it all comes down to one "simple" thing (that can be extremely difficult) - Put less energy into your body than you spend. That translates to "eat less". (The amount of energy you spend exercising will not make a drastic difference compared to the energy you spend anyway, and the more energy you burn the hungrier you will become, and hunger will be your main opponent in this anyway) You said you are stopping drinking sodas. **Great!!** The main reason we get fat in today's society is because our intake of carbohydrates (sugars) is so high, not because of intake of fat. So stopping with sodas will help cut down the calories a lot. As for exercise, a big body burns more calories in itself, and anyone **will** lose weight as long as they eat less than their daily expendature, even if they sit still all day. That said, moving is good for you! Start with taking walks, preferrably making you breathe fast but not exhausted. (This is also amazing to prevent depression, just some simple daily exercise has been proven to have a massive effect) Just taking those walks, say, 20 minutes a day will start having an effect. So know that you **can** start small! Keeping a food diary can also help when that hunger comes on (you WILL get hungry, it's your body working like it's supposed to by evolution, telling you that you must eat or start losing weight....). There is no getting around this, hunger is one of our most primal feelings and it's also proven extremely potent in causing people to eat, even if they know they shouldn't... So know that it is a STRONG opponent you are up against. That's all of the advice I can give you. If all goes well, a year from now people around you will already see a massive difference! **Good luck!**
Because you fail to understand it?
Well, the strongest legendaries should be nerfed, rather than buff the scifi legendaries to the same ridiculous levels. And we also need new ways to make commons, rares and epics competitive at the top levels. We already have an endgame that is only about stacking your deck with as many legendaries as possible. When you have lvl 4 legendaries, they just outweigh basically anything else. And some people even have lvl 6 legendaries now. What reason is there to use **any** other cards then? At the top level, deck building and strategy just goes out the window, just put as many legendaries into your deck as possible. So yeah, I'm really glad Stuart was put on a more reasonable level.
Hossin, right?
This is beautiful!
Oh who is that? ☹ Did he die to this disease?
Probably at least several hundred were infected. The problem is they were likely infected without even knowing it, and this virus is infectious even before you get symptoms. So they will have infected many others before they get sick themselves and seek care.
You don't just die from this virus, but it's probably like a really bad flu, it's gonna suuuuck getting it. But to die you likely need to be really weak overall, like have someother diseases as well or be really old.
Much of it is the sheer amount of people. That makes the odds of something evolving there much bigger. But it's also living close to animals and handling animals, poor hygiene, and density of population. But if like 1/5 of the people on the planet live in China, naturally a lot of the diseases will evolve from there.
Oh ok, that sucks. Basketball isn't really a thing over here.
It probably can infect through the eyes though!
Bad argument 😂😂
Isn't it kind of misguiding to already put a number on how deadly the virus is since there are hundreds of people in critical condition and the outbreak is still in full swing? Seems like we'll know better in a couple of weeks. That said, it's pretty safe to say that in its current state, it's not very deadly.
It really is sad that games built on subscriptions aren't able to do better. The f-ing epidemic of P2W in modern games has got to stop. I would have no problem paying 10 euros per month to gain a small advantage, but only if I knew that nobody could pay more than me to gain a greater advantage. 10 euros, and that's it. But when the game is built on P2W, I make it a mission to never spend a nickle on that trash tier monetization system. There is no point for me to pay for some advantage when the person next to me can pay twice as much and beat my ass. And if I pay as much to get on the same level, he'll just double it again. In short, I'm not interested in a competition of who can pay the most. I refuse to pay for that. Bring back subscriptions. Rant over.
Excessive cutscenes can go to hell
This would creep me the hell out!
Umm, this sounds rather passive aggressive, why do you care what people do with their school papers? 😂
Dolly Parton was actually really pretty before all her plastic surgery. Worst decision appearance wise, but I guess great for business.
All the derankers from this weekend's event, you can go f*** yourselves by the way.
Yay humanity.... 😔
I thought the same. Potatoes can be almost any shape, from almost perfectly spherical to something like [this](https://2zbnug2ugkjo1rwzt82u1lso-wpengine.netdna-ssl.com/wp-content/uploads/2011/05/IMG_17181.jpg), so why would you ever describe something as "shape of a potato"? It's like describing the color of your car as "roughly the color of an animal". 😂
Gotta agree with this! And it's obviously possible to do.
Since most people with depression also are extremely good at keeping up the facade to the outside world to seem like they're doing great, it's futile to try to spot when someone is faking it.
Termites are cute and friendly! Ants, not so much!
The only thing more annoying than hearing your alarm in the morning is *not* hearing your alarm in the morning.
All in all, seems fair. Kite's nerf seems to be discussed the most in here but it seems good to me, doesn't seem like they overdid it. I can't help but compare him to BHK because they are sort of similar (flying, adding value to other units on the field, both are kyles), and BHK could probably use a HP buff to bring him more in line with Human Kite.
Russia wtf. Seriously, if you're russian and don't engage in protesting against your regime I don't know what to say. How dull and blind can a people become?
What are you on about? Putin is denying there ever was a Molotov-Ribbentrop pact, that the USSR ever made a pact or helped Nazi Germany. They are attempting to falsify history and here you are trying to divert the discussion into who gained which from what. That's completely not the point. And yes, have a downvote, I hope you realize you deserve it. This is serious stuff, don't take Putin's side in this.
He is absolutely aware. But for propaganda purposes inside his own country, the regime are now attempting to falsify history.
Don't want to be jailed or beaten? Letting your state fall into a form of high tech dystopian dictatorship where any form of dissent will be 100% impossible in the future, is that any better? It's time to resist *now*. Resistance and protest for a better future, despite risk of reprimands from the rulers, has always been a part of humanity. In the near future though, when everyone are dependant on connection to the internet and to their mobile phones, combined with more effective AI for facial recognition and text interpretation, it will be 100% impossible to revolt against the ruling regime. Russia is heading that way. That is why it is extremely irresponsible, or downright **shameful** by russians today not to form protests against the regime. Heck, 80% of the goddamn country should be out protesting by now if things were right. The regime could never withstand that. It's really sad to see russians being so passive in this. Nobody is going to save your country but yourselves.
&gt;Energy Staff is in every single freaking deck too, why? Bc you don’t even need to level it up at all and you still get Max Energy from it...how about scale how much energy you get by percentages making level 7 the rate you get energy now. I don't know what the effect is called exactly, but that is not how proportionality works. This would make the staff unuseable at lowest levels and useable at the highest levels. Gameplay at the lower levels involving the card would be drastically different compared to the highest levels. It's like how many cards Cock Magic or Liane converts. That shouldn't scale with levels, what should scale is her stats. The amount of conversions should remain constant. Otherwise the cards are too different in a lineup of base level cards, compared at higher levels. If I could wish for a difference for Energy Staff, it would be to not have its duration tied to its hitpoints at all. It has a timer (for example a charge circle), and it will remain for that timer no matter what, unless it gets destroyed during that time. Then it would in turn be possible to nerf the amount of energy it returns, and it would be possible for players to play it in much more interesting ways, like to tank some hits while still remaining alive (as long as it stays alive, it's going to return the same amount of energy). So, that would be a better change in my opinion. Same with Chicken Coop. And it would also open for new interesting structures.
Couldn't agree more. Completely RNG abilities are bad. Hookhand should target enemies *somehow* (and have his damage balanced accordingly), same with President Garrison (for example target enemy with highest/lowest HP or whatever), and Cock Magic shouldn't just be random either but have *some* manner of selection of which units gets cock magicked first. Nobody wants to play a lottery of who wins. Give players the option to make calculated plays.
Excuse me sir, do you have a moment to hear about our lord and saviour Transmogrify/Cock Magic/Liane?
If they should scale, they should be a set number and not a percentage. A system where she begins at, say, 1% hitpoint debuff will make her ridiculously unuseable lower down, and ridiculously OP when you've leveled her up. I'm fine with her being a set % no matter the level, but perhaps the % should be lower.
No way, things like percentages shouldn't scale. YPC's ability timer shouldn't scale. It's the type of abilities that becomes unuseable at lower levels, but then OP at higher levels. In short, **it sucks.** Examples of things that **shouldn't** scale: 1. Amount of transformations from Cock Magic (should be the same amount at all levels) 2. Amount of transformations from Liane (should be same amount at all levels) 3. Energy Staff return of energy (which it already is) - It would suck hard if it returned more energy the higher level it was. 4. YPC's lockdown time - Like I said, it just makes the card super bad at lower levels and totally OP at higher levels. 5. Percentage based stats boosts/debuffs (a unit that gives a +100% damage buff to allies **should do so at all levels**. That needs to scale with levels.) 6. Energy cost for playing cards 7. Units' attack speeds / walking speeds And so on... Examples of things that *should* scale with levels: Stats, in raw numbers. Hitpoints, damage, and so on (a unit that gives a +100 damage buff at level 4 **should NOT do so at all levels**) If DSR's ability should scale, that means she also needs to be changed into a set amount of hitpoint reduction (like Bard Jimmy) and set amount of damage reduction. But that would remove the special part of her warcry. It's supposed to affect high-hitpoint units more than low hitpoint units, unlike Bard Jimmy. Putting aside the difference of how commons/rares/epics/legendaries scale when leveling up, letting DSR have a 50% debuff at all levels does not increase/decrease the value of her warcry at any level. Scaling her would only ruin her, either at high levels or at low levels, depending on how the scaling is set.
On a side note, I hate that goddamn card. One of the cards that just feels like it ruins the game for me. She should have better fighting stats, but transform *one* enemy and friendly unit into cocks. Not transform the whole f-ing field.
This, so much. The amount of derankers in this weekend's event and last weekend's event is completely ridiculous. Ban them and strip them of some legendaries, for some real actual punishment.
What is the image supposed to show? Looks like a squad with high cohesion but you're many kilometers away. Or alternatively I guess it could be a squad where everyone by random chance are spread out in a perfect circle of 3km radius around you and not close to eachother (less likely).
Did you even watch the clip? If so, you have serious comprehension problems. His point is that the extreme partisanship is hurtful for America. No matter whether it's right or left. That your take-away from that is "right wing tv dumb and bad", I honestly don't know what to say. It might be time to face the fact that you're just stupid, man...
That is all true, and it is all grounds for protest. **But it doesn't mean the US is as bad as China.** Does the US have involuntary "re-education" camps for millions of muslims? **Freaking CAMPS?** Do people systematically get taken from their homes by the authorities and never seen again? Are the police shooting thousands of peaceful protesters in the streets? Are, you, stupid, honestly? **China is much worse than the US. Don't compare the US to China, it makes you sound like a chinese shill.** On that note, can you tell me what happened in Tiananmen Square in 1989?
Do you always enter threads, refuse to see what they are about, and still post about what you make up that they are about by pure fantasy? Watch the clip. It's not about left vs right. It's about not being so god damn partisan all the time. Sounds like it could be good for you.
&gt;Most people who die from drowning actually experience cold water shock first which panics them. This sounds like it could be a made up fact (kinda similar to the myth that it's dangerous to go swimming 30 minutes after eating). Do you have anything but hearsay on this? Googling, most people who die from drowning simply don't know how to swim. Then there are a long list of reasons for drowning and cold water shock is not among them.
It can be interpreted either way, have you seen the card in action?
Good but not good enough unfortunately :(
HiLlArY iS wOrSe ThAn TrUmP -stubborn morons in 2016
Daniel Radcliffe has easily changed the most. The other two have barely changed at all, haha!
and 4 new flat earthists was created by this post.... On a serious note, yes we would know because the people who *do* know are still so incredibly many that it would be impossible to keep it a secret.
Haha that thing is so ridiculously huge! 😂
That is what is funny, yes.
Just hope everyone realizes that the only reason they are doing this is propaganda purposes. Of course that doesn't mean the US should not deal with its racism, but fuck the chinese regime.
Yes, that is massive. Like I said, it's good, **but not good enough.** Not sure why I'm getting downvoted. Are people really this hopelessly uninformed about global warming?
Great that you do! On a side note, why would you ever say you'll never vote? I can't hide that I get a bit triggered by hearing something like that. Would you rather want to live in a dictatorship?
Yellow sundy driver has not yet fully understood the concept of clientside.
What is that red part on the middle one? These look cool but please have as few faction colors on them as possible.
You do realize just because they have a lot of money, they do not have *infinite* money, right? They could have bought a boat with the money. They could have bought a couple jetskis. They could have bought some extreme luxury trip. They could have secured the economy of another person in their family. They give more than most people with their type of money do, which also indicates, and this will astound you: That means they also gives more than you **or** me would likely have given in the same situation. It's easy to sit on the bottom of the ladder sarcastically going "aww how generous" against the people who actually do something, when you yourself probably wouldn't even do better yourself. So how about you **cram it** with the misguided sarcasm. About you then try to shift the focus of your sarcasm to me and what an "amazing person" I am, yeah I bet I'm a better person than you are, and I bet your insecurity about that fact is what shines through here. Jealous and stupid, that is the vibe you are giving off and I'd be surprised if that's not also the correct picture.
If you have the world, and it is flat, it can be of great size in two dimensions if it is very thin in a third dimension. Think of it as a paper. With such a flat big world, this makes it possible to *fold* the world many times. This means you can fit a big world like Zelda inside a NES cartridge - you fold it enough times until it fits inside and due to its flatness it is possible. Truly ingenius.
Oh come on, how is this news? Wow, I would never have figured out the people who **kill themselves by gunshot**, are more likely to own guns than people who don't. Next up in obviousnews: **Flying once or more within your lifetime drastically increases the risk to die in a plane crash, compared to those who abstain.** More on this later!
Why the hell would they "use lasers"? Edit: Honestly if your plan is to use lasers against other human beings in order to cause permanent eye damage I actually hope the police bust your ass and the other protesters throw you out. People with those lasers can F right off.
..then puts on MAGA hat and goes golfing with his buddy Donald.
I don't think I've used a pencil in at least 10 years
Online dating profiles where every single picture has the same stupid filter. Alternatively where every single picture is exactly the same weird angle and facial expression.
Do you believe US attack helicopters will fire on protesters? Wow I wonder what image of reality you live in. Don't point dangerous lasers at other people. If you do, and I say this in the most sincere way, I really hope the police gets you and you get prosecuted. You're no better than football hooligans throwing extremely loud firecrackers into heaps of people just to cause irreparable hearing damage. **Despicable.**
Yet another incident that hints at a massive flaw in the american police system; every police knows that there will be very limited follow-up or consequences to their actions. In my country, this would never ever happen. Police would be way too careful to just forcefully push someone if there was not just cause, and **if** it were to happen I would guess the other police present would take that police officer aside, ask him wtf he is doing, and then have no choice but to report his misconduct. The main flaws of the US police system are first of all close to zero education/training to become a police officer, and second the lack of consequences for misconduct. Address those, and even *with* racist ideas, the amount of black men killed by police would be drastically reduced. Get out and vote, people. I know it's more of a hassle to vote in the US (deliberate move from the elite to reduce the amount of voters in low-income demographics), but it is important. Vote politicians into place to put consequences for police who do things like this.
This is uncanny, how she stands there with zero resistance and two officers just stand there hammering away at her legs with batons. This is the type of police you get when you have virtually zero training and zero accountability.
But then you need to repair the sundy again before undeploying, it's a vicious cycle!
The american version of prison is to be a place of suffering. You're thinking of the european version of prison, where the main goal is to rehabilitate criminals so we end up with less people committing crime in the end.
"I'm on a hiiighway to hell!" 🎵
I heard a local businessman in Pennsylvania has pledged to pay college tuition for a **whole schoolclass** of inner city kids. The initiative is called Scott's Tots. A genuinely heart warming story.
Hopefully people understand that this is propaganda. Of course the police brutality in the US is unacceptable, but Russia, Iran and China talking about it is 100% propaganda which is meant to draw attention away or diminish their own much more appalling records on human rights. Please see through it.
Russia claims to be a free country though, which it is not. Speaking about something that goes badly in the US is only for propaganda purposes, both to their own citizens who will feel like it's equally bad everywhere anyway, and to lighten their public image abroad. Please don't fall for this.
No, no it's not "clear the US is just as brutal and totalitarian" as countries like Iran, China or Russia. If you truly believe that, you're a total moron and exactly the type of person that this russian propaganda was targeted for. Think about that for a second, will you? Take greater care not to let equally blatant propaganda affect you in the future. Please. Think of why a country like Russia would ever criticize the US on human rights.
You're not free. If you haven't understood that Putin is nothing but a gangster who will never allow anyone else to power, you are a victim of russian propaganda.
You get your news from fucking **monologue youtube channels??** And you seriously believe you're "woke" enough to tell other people where to get their news?? Jeeesus fucking christ, is this seriously how retarded people have become? **I AM WATCHING THIS SHIT YOU MENTIONED AND MY MOUTH IS WIDE OPEN. IS THIS WHAT YOU THINK NEWS ARE??** *You* need to read some **actual** fucking news. I'm talking AP, I'm talking BBC news. But I guess that's not opinion-making enough for you. You want someone to sit and explain why you should think this or that. You want someone to PICK OUT different news topics, and then watch as HE HAS OPINIONS on that news. **THAT'S NOT NEWS.** I'm gonna take a wild guess and say that if you and me had a quiz of history and world politics today, you would hardly know anything at all.
And where do you think they get their news? Do they travel around the world and see everything first hand? We have trained journalists in the world for a reason. Without journalism, democracy dies. Immediately. But I don't think you can even understand that. BBC and AP are good sources for knowing about the world around you, no matter their ownership structure, and you would know that if you for example read the news. But here is what perhaps could be an eye opener for you. I'll just ask a couple questions. I don't want you to give me the answer, it wouldn't mean anything as it would be easy to google. I just want you to think truthfully of if you even know the answer yourself. If there is **one single** answer here out of these ones that you don't know, you really ought to consider broadening your source of news, okay? This is things anyone who keeps up with the news **really** should know. - Who has been the russian foreign minister since 2004? - Who was prime minister of Russia from 2005 until very recently, except for a period of four years in the middle? - Why was he not prime minister for those four years? - Why is he not prime minister anymore, what has happened in Russia since? - Who is the president of China? - Is there an active war going on in Yemen right now? - Is there active fighting going on in the Ukraine right now? And let me re-emphasize: You should know all of these. If you do then great, I stand corrected and your news sources works out great for knowledge of the world around you. If not, you should get your news from somewhere other than a youtube channel. Oh forgot to mention, no idea where you got CNN and Fox News in your post from. Fox News is just a republican outlet just like something like The Young Turks is a democrat outlet. Pure trash in other words.
Hahaha alright man :)
Now this is news! Heck yeah, I can't support this enough.
It's so distant to me living in a country where anyone can walk around in public with a machine gun. I mean these people hardly appear to be the brightest members of society, it must be horrible knowing people like that have access to guns let alone own them and walk around with them.
Who the hell has lice, lol
...and 80% of voters are responsible. People let themselves fall into the extreme partisanship so damn easily. It's like picking a sports team. I'm on this side now. I don't want to be wrong about anything ever. Everything the other side says or thinks is wrong, and not only is it wrong, it is so extremely wrong that I will hate them for it. This basis of demoracy does not work. It **will** not work. Yet that is where we are going. People think youtube channels of people holding monologues count as following the news for gods sake.
Wonderful picture. Must be great to be there, far from civilization. Thank you.
Please do, from all my heart.
California doesn't matter, it'll be democrat anyway. So getting these people to vote won't matter one bit. It's getting people to vote in states that can swing that matters. Stupid system.
Can't wait for Trump's campaign to throw around figures of how much Covid19 increased after these protests, and be able to blame the protests for it instead of their own incompetence. Did these people completely miss what we have been working for these past months? What did healthcare workers risk their lives for? Why did we completely fuck the economy? Might as well have stayed open all along. This is so damn stupid.
This. This here is so much worse than just opening up the lockdown with responsibility. Now that people act like this, why did we even lockdown in the first place? We could just as well have remained open and not completely fucked the economy for trying to reduce Covid. After these protests we'll probably need to lockdown completely for an extra couple months if we want to attain the same effect that we had gotten. This is just so sad and will give Trump and his supporters a huge argument (and actually valid one) when the election comes.
"Willing to risk our lives" this is risking other people's lives, not your own. And with protests like this, the US might as well have not been on lockdown at all and not conpletely fucked the economy instead. Just weeks ago the left were saying how bad it would be to open up now while right wing people were protesting to open up. And that was only opening up, not massing together tens of thousands of people while shouting stuff which spreads aerosol to everyone around you. And here we are, with effectively months of lockdown for nothing. I'm just so sad right now.
I know. I'm saying there might be a correlation issue here.
I think you have the "less than more than" signs backwards
No indirect AOE is less than little indirect AOE. Little indirect AOE is less than lots of indirect AOE. No indirect AOE &lt; little indirect AOE &lt; lots of indirect AOE
Agreed. But the &lt; and &gt; symbols do not mean "is better than" or "is worse than". They mean "is less than" and "is more than", respectively. Which was what I said, you used them the wrong way around.
I'm not sure about this. Seems like this was written by someone who likes vegetables and vegetarian food as an adult and therefore of course children must like what I like. Truth is taste changes as you grow older. Most children do not like asparagus and broccoli, but as adults they do. People just need to make sure their children eat enough vegetables, they won't want to and it will be a chore every single meal, but that's what a parent needs to do.
Yeah nah, not funny. This gets old fast.
Yeah nah. This gets old fast. Just stop it.
Or if there are more customers (meaning more tips) one day, that in turn also means moving around more. If OP would run around in circles on a day with no customers, it would not in itself generate higher tips.
I wonder what's gonna happen if there is a big setback at this point. If we get new major outbreaks everywhere. Are Europe and the US going to go into new months-long total lockdowns? The hurt on the economy would be devastating. I'm not sure what would be the best way forward. Hopefully the protests have not spread Covid too much, but if things become really bad.... then what?
But you are talking about this as if the protesters only have to worry about their own personal risk to get infected. If protesters get infected, it affects our entire society, even globally. People have been quarantining for months to get figures down. It affects people's lives in a very profound way, people are put out of work, many end up in poverty. Not to mention the purely psychological impact that quarantining for so long has on people. I can agree with people who think it seems careless to throw it all away now. Like, then what was it all for? Sure, protests against police brutality hopefully leads to more people voting against Trump (although Biden hardly seems like someone who have worked more to better the situation). But all of this does make democrats like very hypocritical. Just before these protests they were saying how bad the republicans were for wanting to open up. All of this gives Trump a very real argument for the election: He could have saved people's jobs and instead we threw it away on a quarantine that in the end was made pointless by "the liberals". That might be what a lot of angry voters take with them when they are jobless and standing at the voting booth. And then I'm seriously afraid of the outcome in the election.
You're saying this piece of rope had remained there for 3300 years? I mean what material is this rope made of that will remain for so long?
That not everyone have a problem with coming too quickly. I had been imprinted by everyone from teachers to pop culture, that all men have trouble lasting, and especially the first time. What a load of horseshit. Only a few men have that problem. Instead I kept trying and trying to come believing there was something wrong with me and sex just became this chore.
The Trump one is like looking at a Where's Waldo picture! 😂
I don't get it
Only if the order is also random, which we still do not know if it is. Edit: and like others have pointed out, how do you decide which digits are double and which are single? I guess you could count 01, 02 and so on as A, B and so on.
Same with worms on the ground when it's raining, used to be everywhere when I was a kid, now I never see any.
This is so cool, I wonder what this person's story was. The arm is full of tattoos.
Man sometimes I wonder just how little some people understand of the world around them.
That just sounds like slavery with extra steps
Well Nascar as a sport is pretty damn stupid from the get-go so I wouldn't exactly cry if the whole thing fell apart.
With the amount of PS5 posts that look like pure ads spraying all over Reddit right now, it's difficult not to believe this isn't part of their marketing campaign...
By the surgeon when undergoing brain surgery
Oh my god. How sensitive are we nowadays? Really hope they come to their senses here. TL;DR for anyone who doesn't read the article: It's about the "Major" in the show (a senile old man who lives at the hotel and has little grasp of reality left) using the N word in the episode. It's **making fun** of those typical old kooks who we've all been around with horribly outdated, racist views. It's not trying to endorse it. Jesus christ. Everyone from Jerry Seinfeld to Dave Chappelle think this type of over reacting PC nonsense is total bullshit. This isn't what the fight against racism is about, the goal isn't to *hide* that there is such a thing as racism. Couldn't agree more with John Cleese here, "stupid" sums it up quite perfectly.
Seeing as people still keep *paying* for this trash either way, why on earth would a game company invest **hundreds of millions** of dollars to make a new GTA?? I see people complaining about having to buy GTA 5 on three different consoles... **Why the hell do you do it then??** Stop giving them money for this already.
But Basil Fawlty is also a charicature, composed of many of the worst character traits possible. This is in contrast with many of the normal characters of Fawlty Towers.
Hahaha sorry, like the other guy pointed out I should have typed it "kooks". 😂
Looks very peaceful and beautiful, but whenever there's bad weather the whole island will be under water... Those buildings must have some severe water damage.
Problem is, basically all historical figures were racist. Where do we draw the line? Thomas Jefferson is hailed as one of the greatest american presidents in history, but he also owned a plantation and was a slave owner. No doubt he saw black people as inferior. Still I'm not sure about removing statues of Thomas Jefferson, in fact I don't think I would agree. Also, how far back do we go? Do we rip statues or memorials of certain roman emperors down because they supported gladiatorial games? Obviously I don't think many people would agree with that, just taking it as an example. Columbus, sure rip them all down. But I'm not sure where to draw the line after that.
That's a nice camera!
Oh come on though, what type of behaviour is this? Is this how to respond to someone in a civilized society? Why doesn't he just tell them it's his property and that they are wrong? This is just some "sovereign citizen" shit, sorry. Protesting is great but defacing private property is not. They are doing the right thing by making sure. Anyone in this thread saying she is condescending or whatever, how SHOULD she have spoken to someone as difficult as this?
Come on, for telling someone not to deface private property? This is seriously over reacting.
Aww, I was sad to see the girl crying at the end. ☹ Was hoping she realized she hadn't done anything wrong and just laugh at the idiots with her friend. And yes, they look like crack addicts.
Something that bothers me lightly: When people say high odds when they mean low odds. Low odds = likely to happen High odds = unlikely to happen
"Misleading title"
What's up with the misleading title? I'm guessing this isn't a Harvard class at all... so why post this and say that it is?
You realize it's not actually a Harvard class, right?
"Misleading title". It's not a Harvard class.
It's not a Harvard class.
It's not a Harvard class
It's not a Harvard class. On a side note, this could be a wake up call that you need to up your source criticism skills when browsing the internet.
It's not a Harvard class. Jesus christ is this really how bad people are at source criticism on the internet??
It is a misleading title though. I don't get how it's allowed to stay up given how many people misunderstand it.
Well as far as I can tell it is *part* of a Harvard class. If even that. It has been tagged with misleading title at least, but that doesn't seem to change people from just taking the title at face value and believing this is the class.
Removing statues of random slave traders, sure. Columbus, yeah get rid of that asshole. But the problem is, where do we stop? Thomas Jefferson was a slave owner and owned a huge plantation. Undoubtedly he regarded europeans as superior to africans. But he is also regarded as one of the greatest and most important presidents of american history. Do we want to remove memorials of him as well? Ancient kings or ancient greek/roman figures had appalling racist views. The Collosseum is one big monument to forcing slaves to fight eachother to the death. Of course it's a ridiculous example, we're not gonna tear down the Collosseum. But where *do* we draw the line? And who gets to decide? That's my five cents.
No way. That's obviously a ridiculously short A sound. I hate it when people type like that though because I know what they *want* to convey.
That's how it should be read though
"Shi- ..... T!"
I interpreted it as not being open about being in a relationship, not being gay. I did not see it until the end of the text.
Lol, your mom seems like a cool woman. Isn't it better to be able to joke about it rather than being dead silent about it? "You should ask your sister for tips" hahaha savage! 😂
Let's play a game: You see someone defacing a building in your neighbourhood. What do you do?
Let's play a game: You see someone defacing a building in your neighbourhood. What do you do?
Seriously man, what gives you the right to say this? She didn't do anything wrong, yes she pretended to know the owner of the building to make him stop defacing it, but is that so bad? She has some civil courage contrary to most people. But **the guy**, has a camera ready, and is giving very passive aggressive answers, basically just fishing for someone to respond angrily. He refuses to say he owns the building and so on. Finally, she does what is right and says she will call the police and they can sort it out. That's exactly what you should do in that situation. So what gives you the right to tell her how disgusting she looks or whatever? She might not be my type either, but come on man, no reason to jump on her for that. Better to jump ok the fucking guy who tries to sue over something like this.
Let's play a game: You see someone defacing a building in your neighbourhood. What do you do?
Why on earth would SHE feel bad? **He is only doing this to try to get something to sue someone else over, how can you not see that?** He could have responded "Yeah actually I own the building". But he keeps fishing for racist comments or whatever. She didn't bite and just stayed in her composure, and now people are going to get upset over that as well? She saw someone possibly defacing a building, she did the right thing and asked about it, got a downright rude response, so she explained then she'll call the police. Excellent. Textbook. So what the hell is your problem, seriously?
Then *you're* a spineless coward. Congrats.
While he *has* the right to paint that on his own property, that does not change the fact that **she** is doing the right thing asking if he lives there. When his answer is aggressive to try to provoce an aggressive response, she remains calm and says she will call the police then, which **again is exactly the right way to act when you come across someone so difficult as this**. He only wants something to sue someone over, it didn't quite work and this was all he got. She did everything right except pretend to know the owner, which still isn't a big deal in the big picture.
She is not a damn agitator. You are making post after post here trying to say that. Man your reality must be so fucking cloudy... She saw someone who might be breaking the law. **Might be**. She tried to check if he had the right to do so. Because countless private properties **has** been defaced in these protests. Do you understand it can cost hundreds of dollars to restore something like this for the owner? Instead of explaining he owns the house and wants to do this, he responds in ways to even further raise suspicion. If you watch that video and don't understand he **wants** them to get upset and attack him verbally (or phyically) then honestly man, you need to realize that you're very easy to dupe and fall easily to various forms of propaganda. You need to realize you're a moron, man. This is the last I will bother to respond to you and will ignore you. Have a good life living in your pretend bubble where nobody should help watching out for possible crime and help their fellow human beings out. If you see a burglar breaking into a house, **mind your own business**, because he might live there and forgot the keys (even though when you ask him if he lives there all he does is be hostile and tell you to leave). **Don't call the police to straighten it out!** Brilliant. You're a moron. I really hope you're just a kid and might realize better how the world works when you grow up a little.
That's definitely true for me and it's not even close. Pretty logical.
"legitimate practice used by police officers everywhere" speak for yourself, it's banned in many western countries and even in many metropolitan areas in the US. Just not in Minneapolis. So saying it is a legitimate practice used everywhere either makes you a dumbfuck who speaks without knowing shit, or a straight out liar. You don't have to say which one it is, but you should take the time to think about it yourself. Don't say stuff you don't know is true.
Why do you need to know what someone is "saying" by posting this picture? It's not an either/or situation. Hong Kong is still a thing, the world needs to remember those protesters as well. It seems pretty selfish of you to instantly assume the person posting this only does so to try to diminish the protests in the US or whatever. And just because the situation in Hong Kong is bad doesn't mean there is nothing to protest against in the US.
Dude how f-ing selfish are you, seriously? Grow the hell up. I suggest you re-read this post in ten years, and be f-ing ashamed that you wrote something like this. Reality check, the people of Hong Kong are people too. They are fighting for their autonomy, their relative freedom. Stop for one second and imagine how it would feel to know that your freedom, your rights, your freedom of expression, read what you want and watch what you want, will soon be under the full force of the "legal" system and cencorship of a communist dictatorship. It isn't a competition, the world needs to remember Hong Kong as well. Comments like yours are more likely to make the world care less about BLM because you are spreading an image of a very entitled and selfish type of person, is that what you want?
Of course it's too much. But trying to compare it to Hong Kong doesn't do anything any justice. The protests are extremely different. Now, I am well aware that the vast majority of George Floyd/BLM protesters have been peaceful, but those protests have also had more violent elements to them than the protests in Hong Kong. In Hong Kong you have a very real fear of giving the chinese regime any "legitimate" pretext to move in the army, which was close a number of times. And people remember Tiananmen. In the US, rioters don't really live with the fear of police/military moving in and murdering every protester they see, even ones peacefully sitting down. And violent protests have a higher risk of resulting in casualties than, for example, a sit-down protest. It's simply more chaotic. And, like I explained in my other reply, the official figure of 2 protesters killed in Hong Kong is hardly a number to take seriously, as countless protesters who have gotten on the radar of the mainland regime has "gone missing" in the past year. More than 4000 Hong Kongers went missing the past year. The chinese regime is fucking brutal. There is absolutely grounds to protest, and in a supposedly free country 22 deaths in these protests is definitely too much, as you say. But it is not a competition, and you shouldn't compare it to Hong Kong or China, and we shouldn't just forget about Hong Kong just because we're protesting against something else as well.
Of course he doesn't "owe" any explanations to her. But what type of way is that to respond to a fellow human being? And when getting that response, she also does the right thing and just says then she'll call the police. Imagine you come home and find your windows smashed. You see some people on the other side of the street. You ask them, they say yeah, someone came by and threw rocks threw the windows. But it wasn't *their* house, so why f-ing care? None of their business. That's an extremelu cowardly way to go about life, only caring about yourself. That makes you a shit person, honestly. All she did was **ask**. And she was met with an extremely passive aggressive response. If you don't see the person filming was actively fishing for them to attack him verbally or even physically, you're honestly an idiot. And if you don't see that you should care about what happens around you and not just go "well that might be crime but it's not happening to me personally so I won't give a shit", then you're an absolute shit person.
Anyone else started humming the tune of "middle-aged mutant ninja turtles" in their head? 😂
Thanks for this :)
I am genuinely curious what type of people will get upset to any degree at all by this information.
What did I just read?
While the lady probably has anger issues, if this is even real, the asshole still deserved it.
So you're telling me this movie is on Netflix right now? **Because I need to see it!!**
This makes me so damn sad. :(
You do realize that hundreds of thousands, if not millions, of South Koreans will be dead within like half an hour of any attack against North Korea, right? It's not just to "attack them", this isn't a game of Civilization.
Textbook heart attack symptoms, case closed. Also, perhaps he accidentally stabbed himself in the head after he died from a heart attack? It's a fair assumption.
I think the ISS circles the globe in two hours. Not 100% sure. This shows the passage from north atlantic down towards southern africa somewhere, so... just guesstimating freely here, perhaps the clip was 20-30 minutes, sped up to roughly a 30 second clip. Which would mean the clip is sped up about 50x faster? Bear in mind, there are a crap ton of uncertainties in my estimation, if I'm within one order of magnitude I'm happy.
What a total fucking moron, jesus christ. He doesn't even look insane otherwise. This is like those assholes licking ice cream but even they surely must know they're doing something wrong. This guy probably doesn't even get how wrong this is. Hopefully he gets the samw punishment as the ice cream lickers, tampering with a food product or whatever it was, this is simply not okay.
It's the Amazingly Randy!
You obviously don't know how to play with dolls
Hahaha great news reporting "Here's a random tweet some person sent out and then deleted" 😂😂 How would this hold any news value at all even if it wasn't someone having a joke?
If you don't think Fox News is dumb and react like that, I honestly don't know what to say man.
You're wrong to just put all mainstream media under the same umbrella though. The media that only tries to turn the news into entertainment or an echo chamber of opinions, those are of course bad. But you'd have to be pretty extremely biased to either side to think *all* "mainstream" media is bad. Are you sure you aren't just looking for an excuse not to bother keeping up with what's going on in the world? I read and watch a lot of mainstream media and I'd be willing to bet my pure knowledge of world events, world economics, world politics, and so on is great deal better than the vast, vast majority of people who say "all mainstream media is bogus". Regardless of which side of the political spectrum they are on. I get most of my news from BBC news and the AP (owned by Rupert Murdoch I know, it doesn't matter, their news reporting is still good), and I follow it up by a multitude of other news among others CNN like you mentioned. Also from many sources on Reddit. That's all fine as long as you understand some sources are more biased than others and look at the source to the news you're reading. That's how journalism works. So without knowing too much about you, I suggest you read some form of established news daily, to avoid just getting the news from some dude holding monologues on Youtube who only picks the stories he believes will attract the most attention to his channel. It will improve your knowledge of the world you live in.
Can people stop being so super productive with their covid time, it makes me feel horrible 😂
Plague Inc. must be running on easy mode, I thought New Zealand was clear, should be game over.
That's not true at all, you got the completely wrong idea how this has played out. It simply means they didn't reproduce as much, not that they were *killed*. Humans have grown more fond of the dogs that can show more humanlike emotions, and those are the ones that humans have selected to breed for the next generation of dogs. Generation after generation, for ages. Not that they deliberately *killed* the dogs that lacked this muscle. How would you even come to that conclusion, lol.
TL; DR: Incoherent babble about liking all the things that the vast majority are complaining the most over right now as player numbers are dropping heavily, eventually mounting into a rant about air mechanics of all things.
But, *investing* in those industries or not will not make one bit of a difference. If you don't invest in a coal mine, someone else will, if the economical gain is there. And he will earn just as much money from his investment. It will not change one thing. But if we reduce the *demand* of coal instead, by switching to other sources of energy, suddenly less coal will be used. *That's* what matters. The Vatican should tell people to watch their carbon output, the carbon output on how they travel, what they eat, the electricity they use, and so on instead. That will make a difference. Telling people not to *invest* in something that looks like a profitable investment will not change a thing.
My take-away from this is: In the US, 13% do not approve of black-white marriage. That's over 40 million people! What a backwards country that is.
Han Solo frozen
Hahah sounds like hebrew rap
This could be fair if the community is Pakistan
This gang is bringing mustaches back 😂😂
The same applies to him though. It's a very bad idea to erect statues of living people, it should be reserved for people who are dead.
Way to make sensible people think you're morons and lunatics, like the white gun owners.
Agreed, but doesn't change the fact that selling the company to someone else won't change what the company does.
There will always be others out there to buy what is a good investment. Any slump to the stock price is an extremely short termed one that doesn't impact anyone except the people who absolutely need to sell their stock at the same time as these sell-offs happen. While it might sound good to stick it to Brazil for ruining the rain forest, this doesn't have any impact at all.
Species is a pretty lucid term. The 1-4% neanderthal DNA comes from interbreeding long ago when humans left Africa and came back into contact with our "long lost cousins". Events of interbreeding likely went on up until neanderthals went extinct. This doesn't have to mean 1-4% of all our ancestors were Neanderthals though. These genes could simply have been beneficial in evolutional terms, leading people who have them more likely to get more offspring and so on. So it's not like just calculating backwards like "25% means my grand parents".
Not only is he a total fucking moron, he seems actually insane. Call the cops and stop trying to reason with him, he's not gonna leave on his own.
This is as pointless a comparison as going "space is more beautiful than a dolphin"
When was the GDP measured? If it's recently, it's due to Covid.
That's only true for stationary showers though
Pleease I hope you released it, this beautiful thing should be allowed to live in the sea and spread its genes as much as possible!
You may be new to Reddit, r/all is simply a collection of the most popular posts on any subreddit right now, political or not. r/all is not political nor is it apolitical.
I seriously doubt this, it goes against much of what I've learned. If you've lived with this obesity, risk of cardiovascular disease later in life will go up no matter if you decrease your weight or not. The damage and calcification to your bloodvessels has already been done. They must rank sky high in terms of issues like strokes and heart attacks, no matter if they lose weight later or not.
Wait don't you think it's your own expectations of *where* you *should* live that are unresonable if you estimate a 1-bedroom apartment must cost like **$1500 per month**? (According to your own figures)
Started going down that line somewhere around season 5-6 for me.
The shittyness of GoT started long before season 8. Already in season 5 when GRRM no longer is writing the story you begin to see the same crap as what everyone finally became aware of in season 8.
"I'm gonna kill you, Dave."
I don't think it's a spectrum, just bad parenting. This behaviour needs to be addressed, send the kid to his room to show that it's not acceptable, he was close to start punching stuff for gods sake. Don't just hold a plate in front of his face.
I don't get it
Seriously Spain what is wrong with you? How does this keep happening? I mean look at those faces, these people are obviously incapable of even drawing properly, let alone restoring a painting.
Hahah this is cute in some way
Oh my god how cancerous a game with characters looking like the top picture would be to play though. Especially in some newer engine game with lots of moving scenery, trees, bushes, grass and so on. Would be impossible to make any characters out and just be frustrating to play.
...or maybe *you* are? 😂
Gotta say though, that's a good looking statue. (I know Columbus was a dick)
In these situations, would american people be able to sue the company just for there being a nut there? What if they see the nut and decide to bite down real hard on it to break a tooth on purpose, and then claim they didn't see the nut? Could they sue then? In the country I'm from I think at the most you could get a box of new popsicles, but in the US I have the impression you could get millions of dollars from something like this, lol
Yes? And why are you saying this here? It's like stating "every Butters card is an assassin". Okay? What has that got to do with anything, why do you feel the need to say that here?
It sounded like you were complaining about something nobody else had suggested anyway. The Cartman in the picture is a tank. All Cartman cards are tanks. We know that. So why bring it up? Don't you see how that's odd?
Roflmao, you **seriously** don't see how it's really freaking weird behaviour to post "Cartman is a tank and should always be a tank", in a thread where someone has created a Cartman card, **as a tank**? It's an extremely redundant comment. If that's the case, if you seriously don't see how that's weird as fuck, jesus you must be difficult to be around. Just acknowledge that it was odd to make such a comment, don't just keep defending it to the point of absurdity, holy fuck.
You should feel it in the main muscles that straighten your legs, namely your butt (used to pull your upper leg backwards), and front part of your thighs (to pull your lower leg forwards). Those muscles are also known as glutes and quads. If you don't at least feel it in your butt, you are likely doing something wrong.
No? An economic union is exactly what we need, it serves the purpose perfectly. Trump is Trump, he can't understand anything about economic politics, he's a joke. Walk too far towards the (retarded) dream of a federation or confederation and countries will start leaving. Europe is not just one culture, every country has very different cultures and need to be left to decide over their own countries. I would be the first one out to start advocating to leave the EU if moves towards making it more into a country were made. In fact even as it is now, the EU budget is far too big and needs dieting.
You're just the part of Turkey that the Seljuks never conquered. :p
Long sentence here but I'm sure you'll figure it out: Keep telling yourself that it's odd that someone is asking why you are pointing out that "Cartman is a tank and should always be a tank", in a thread where someone has made a Cartman card, where he is a tank, and **everyone** already knows all Cartman cards are tanks. Keep telling yourself that. Instead of realizing you could take that as some help in social interactions and actually learn something from all of this? Hmm? Okay good buddy. Kisses, get well soon. 😘😘
You can't just force together so many countries into one country and expect it to work. Not with so different cultures. And we can still cooperate militarily if that's the threat you're talking about, we don't need to be one country to do that. Any attempt to make the EU into more pf one country will break up the union. I really hope you understand that. Hell, Britain has already left because they feel the EU had too great power over them, and memes aside, that is a **huge** loss for the rest of us.
Oh come on you idiot, if it wasn't for Palpatine we'd be living under oppressionist religious rule right now. He's the only one keeping those nutcakes in place, can't you see that? Yes the clone war could have been finished earlier but it's not exactly Palpatine's fault. The senate is just hundreds and hundreds of senators who are all trying to play around the political game to get the best for *their* planets, Palpatine is the only one who tries to look to the common good for the Republic. Meanwhile everything just gridlocks. We need a strong leader right now, Palpatine seems like the man for the job, there is something good around him that you don't see in many people. He is one of the few people in this dysfunctional republic that I would trust with granting more powers to finish this war once and for all without the bickering senators to interfere. And Palpatine **will** give those powers back afterwards, mark my words. He is a good man.
What has talking gangs got to do with anything?
If we could use this for information exchange over large distances it could speed up things immensely. For example, sending and recieving information from Mars takes 7-15 minutes depending on the planets' positions. We could potentially bring this down to fractions of a second, perhaps milliseconds. An example that hits closer to home might be with internet station relays here on Earth, allowing much lower pings. If you play computer games, the idea to have *one* server location with good connection all over the world is a pretty sweet idea, instead of one server in US West, one US East, one EU, one Russia and so on..... as a game developer it's also possible to create more grandiose games since you'll have like a 6x larger playerbase for your gameplay on a server. There will also be prime time more often since it's likely prime time *somewhere*. This is of course probably very far in the future, but still. And finally it is also mind boggling to imagine a distant future where humanity has colonized other star systems, and can communicate in **real time** between them. This would be a huge difference for an interstellar civilization, instead of taking 10, 20, 100 or even perhaps even thousands of years to send messages to your neighbours. TL;DR: It's really cool! 😁
Put his feet in the guillotine
The biggest pop star in history more or less? Why wouldn't it be a big deal?
46 IQ, is that even possible?
Hahah you'd have to be a total idiot to believe this is valid. The card even misspells "poses".
Looks very inefficient if you want to extract just one tire, or even one set of tires, compared to just stacking them in piles
Wait why?
I don't even get the reference
I think most men want all three of those if I'm perfectly honest
and their bodies went *schlompff* 😂
Still though, *some* information can be deducted. Like, Sweden having like a 10x higher number than almost any other western european country is not just due to testing more.
What are they protesting against? Him being rich? It's not his fault the rules are written this way. It's nobody but the voters' fault. Same story in this election, by the way. The democrats had the chance to elect Bernie Sanders. But they went with the alternative that will not raise taxes (Joe Biden). Same with Hillary vs Bernie, people went with Hillary. And as much as I love Obama, the guy is a very centrist alternative who also would not raise taxes a lot. If that is the society people vote for, then that is the society we get. The super rich will just get richer, but that is also their right by the system, that the voters have voted for and continue to vote for.
Not all germans in nazi germany were nazis... just saying.
Hmm, did you yourself read the wiki? This isn't U-120. This is another submarine. U-120 has apparently been mixed up with this one. And it wasn't a *malfunctioning* toilet, the toilet worked as intended, but the sailor flushed it wrong which caused it to take in water.
Not taking their shoes off indoors
Did he go to jail?
Nazi flags should hold no place in our society. I think we all agree on that. But come on, you'd have to be **insane** to approach and try to remove a nazi flag from someone's house. Especially when the man looks like that. And even if you don't know what the guy looks like, come on, someone who hangs a nazi flag on their house is perhaps not someone you want to tango with... Hope the woman is doing okay and the guy goes to prison.
Should have painted the supporting structure white. It's a really nice statue though.
