Don’t you realize the entirety of the NFL rulebook has largely come from people doing “trick” plays and thinking outside the box? The game is literally built off of it. Edit: No surprise facts are unpopular, short read about it if interested https://www.smithsonianmag.com/history/the-early-history-of-footballs-forward-pass-78015237/
I decided to not have kids and just live a DINK life. I never feel trapped. Then again, some things that commonly make people feel trapped are also things people get the most enjoyment from - Having kids - Owning a home vs renting Those two items alone can add a lot of joy but also 'trap' you into certain situations. Depending on what you want, they can be the ultimate burden or the ultimate joy of life.
Some people get like this...you date, it's great. You engage, it's great. You get married, it's great...for a little bit. Some men and some women are guilty of the next steps in a marriage. They start changing behaviours that they think they can get away with now that you're legally and 'life' entangled (no more sex, no more oral, no more going out...whatever). It's doubtful this will change as it's probably something she has been thinking about for a lot longer than your marriage has been going.
Love a good moat.
Saints offense is great, defense isn't so great. I think we'll do pretty well against them with our solid D and solid offense. I think a lot of people are down because of the Packers game. It's hard not to look at that game and feel terrible...but we have one of our best offensive weapons back on the field that gives us a lot more fast moving 'options'. I don't think I ever feel that hopeful anymore after so many disappointments. I do still feel happy though and will root for them as I do every other year.
It's always strange to me when people don't pay for the extras. You'll buy a 10 dollar lunch everyday but not spend 10 dollars a month to have extra chances to meet a life partner and/or at least have some fun? When I was online dating, I budgeted in the extras. Sure, it sucks, but it works/helps.
You have to wonder what parents were taught 30 years + back. Lineage seems to be so important to a lot of folks. Someone that has their genes, shares a timeline with their blood and something to continue on the family line. In reality, most family lines aren't that impressive and don't do much to pass on 'good' genetics...then again, these parents were probably taught that being a parent and carrying on a line is the most important thing we can do as a species. The interest in having a lineage seems to be waning in the modern era. Without a strong desire to carry on the proud family name, more and more people seem somewhat disinterested in moving forward and carrying on the same ideas and values. The strangest part is that adopting is a way to give back to the world at large vs just your biological units. It's objectively better for the world and everyone around us when we stop looking at our own families as the sole care and concern.
Yep, I was guilty of this myself. It's *FUN* to pretend to be in a relationship without any of the difficult parts. You're riding high on endorphins, having sex, having affection all without worrying about any of the persons problems. It's amazing. It took me wayyyy too long to realize this was a terrible thing to do to women and how confusing/hurtful it could be.
Depends if you want kids or not. If you do, it might be worth it to stick around them as they will have kids as well. If you don't, I recommend living in a transplant city as there are a lot more childfree folks around (Denver, Austin, SoCal, Seattle, Portland etc)
I'm a 38-year old in a DINK relationship. I think I only know so much about it as I live in an area with a lot of people having children and have extensively looked at other areas with less people having children. It gets harder and harder as you get older as all your friends have kids and their life is re prioritized (as it should be), when I still want to go and hang out and go have fun etc.
If you don't think you want kids, I'd move to a major metro area and work on making new friends, preferably transplant cities as people are also new and looking to make friends.
lol, very amusing. Piss jugs in general are very amusing.
A good calculator should just ask for retirement deductions and tax deductions and leave all the other stuff off the table. Thinks like home interest, investments, all that other fun stuff aren't useful for most people. Not to mention the vast majority of people will not get an increased deduction with it being raised to such a high number with the new tax code. People want estimates, not exacts. Thats the whole point.
"The Millenium" episode of Seinfeld talks over this in great detail. I can tell I'm getting old when I don't see this posted in over 129 comments. Watch the episode and be enlightened.
Half the fun is the shared experience of romance with other folks. Sure you can do it the next day but it kinda defeats the point of even doing it at all.
There is a lot of LPT in this thread that are obvious solutions but defeat half the fun of the night. LPT, do Christmas in January. Everything is on sale, it’s great!
I don’t disagree but to say a holiday night means a bad experience isn’t often true. I’ve gone out for Valentine’s Day a handful of times and always had a really good experience.
Pup is there and they’re awesome.
Happy Gilmore has taught us that an apology is always appreciated. If you remember being a bully, I can promise you the person who was bullied remembers a lot more than you. As an aside, I had no idea there were marching band bullies and marching band Chad's.
True wisdom here. Never make an apology or a condolence about you. Always make it about them and let it go from there.
I think there are some good insights here. In the end, a lot of men want casual sex and the fun of relationship without the cost of a relationship. They leverage women in their 30s looking for something serious to take advantage and give them hopes of this, while using them for sex and companionship.
I actually think the patriarchal nature of the world has a lot to do with a lot of problems, just not this one specifically. Men tend to want more casual sex and women tend to want more commitment. Not sure what that has to do with the patriarchy.
&gt; You have to understand I work in a cubicle farm, so spending time reading and watching TV don't interest me. I think this is a big turn off for people. The vast majority of the population watches at least some tv or does some downtime activities. Constantly going is not a lifestyle 99% of the population really wants. &gt; I need to balance my life with something real, something physical so I can feel alive (again that includes gym, running, swimming, skiing, etc). I actually agree with you, but this comes off as pretentious. I think how you phrase things is a lot more of a problem than what you actually want out of life. You're a bit too serious in how you talk about yourself, it needs to be lighter. You're also a bit alienating in your speech and the way you present yourself. Just my 2c.
Thanks for sharing. I've been on TRT myself since 34 and it completely changed my life. I had no idea I had been suffering from chronic low T for many years. I was depressed, exhausted and just...unhappy. I often tried to find things to figure out life and ponder endlessly as I simply didn't understand how the world functioned if everyone felt like I did. It's been the single best change I've made to my life. I have energy now. I don't worry as much. Sex feels better (before it was more of a chore honestly). My workouts are better. The one irony is that I've actually put on more fat since being on TRT. I used to be more obsessive and strictly control my diet/body and was in great shape. Now that I'm on TRT and in a relationship for 4 years, I'm still in good shape but don't nearly care as much. I have a lot more casual confidence.
I've had two brothers die in the span of 8 years (late 30s myself). My sister wanted to become closer but we were honestly never very close and I never much liked her anyway. I last spoke to her 4 years ago after telling her we could hang out but not if she was drinking. She exploded and that was the end of that. I don't miss her at all and rarely even think of her. I have a half sister as well who said she wished we spent more time together after one of our brothers passing. I just had to be honest with her that we just don't have a lot of similar interests, I have no kids (nor want kids) and family just doesn't mean a lot to me. She cried at that and it was hard to say it, but it at least set the status quo about what our relationship will be going forward. I've always been the black sheep and didn't have a great childhood (not terrible by any means) but I was always into technology, books, that kind of stuff and my family was much more blue collar and into hunting, trucks and the like. I just have nothing in common with them. I sometimes am sad for the life and family I didn't have, but that doesn't make me want to try to make something with the family I do have. My dad worked all the time when I was a kid, never really interacted with us. My mom was taking care of all us kids at a young age, which is hard...and we didn't have much money. They probably would like to have a different type of son, which I wouldn't blame them for either. I'm almost 40 and have no regrets with my familial boundaries. I do miss one of my brothers though, we had a good relationship and I desperately miss him (died from cancer very young).
The only time I've ever been able to renegotiate is by taking a new position myself or getting a new offer...presenting it (politely) and saying I would like to stay, but I need them to match what I've been offered elsewhere. I have never had much luck getting raises just by giving a good argument about why I deserve one. Companies seem extremely reticent to give raises based on performance these days. They only react to direct threat of losing you as a resource...otherwise they'll just song and dance and delay you.
I don't think you're off the wall at all. You obviously spend a lot of time in your own head and pontificate the nature of being, relationships and social interactions. There are a lot of people like you (including me). Most things worth doing in life require effort and being put out of your comfort zone. Social anxiety will always exist for you, but there are ways to make it better. By not working at making it better, you're setting yourself up for a life of anxiety and uncertainty, especially as you get older. Change comes very small. It starts with a trip to the grocery store or sometimes just driving your car around the block. I know people with social anxiety who used to do things and then the more they allowed themselves to not do things, the more their anxiety controlled them. One person specifically, never leaves their house anymore. Their husband does all the work and effort and is at the end of his rope. Anyway, almost everything that is worth doing requires leaving your comfort zone. If you don't want to do those things, expect mediocre to poor results. As someone who has IBS, I could spend my life at home and close to a bathroom. I chose to live another way. I've been to other countries, traveled the world and live my life. Have I had to run and hide behind a car in a parking garage to go to the bathroom (more than once)? Sure, I did. It sucks, but I refuse to have my life ruled by my disease.
I think we’re on the same page. I’m saying he is good but it’s his explosiveness and willingness to never give up that makes him great.
Eh, talking on the phone is a PITA. Its like a pre-date date, a lot of people don't like to do it.
Well, frankly, you can’t really say one way or the other as you don’t meet the people you don’t think are compatible based on phone calls, ya know? It seems to work for you in the way you want it to, just saying I don’t agree it’s the way to do it.
I think because your brain doesn’t have pain receptors it becomes easier to deny damage. Your brain doesn’t hurt so it’s harder and more delayed to see and understand injury and impact.
I’d harbor a guess that the amount or households with a mom not working and a dad working full time is around the same percentage as changed diapers in 1982. Yes, things are changing but part of that change is both mothers and fathers working full time and sharing child bearing loads. I’m not sure if it’s a conscious choice or a choice made out of spreading the workload around the house. Either way, I think there are happier kids when both parents are playing a more equal role. As a kid born in 81 and a dad working 70 hour weeks, I barely know the man now that I’m almost 40.
Ok, so stop consuming the content, problem solved. Oh wait, you just want to steal it and feel vindicated, got it.
You’re only partially correct. Ad revenues have lowered over the years because traffic does not guarantee people see the ads since blockers are so prevalent. So you’re idea of not causing an impact is completely off base as the entire cost structure has shifted based on ad blocking. Lmao, sure dude, as soon as you get ads in the way you want them, I’m surrreee you’d turn off the blocker and stop stealing content. Rarely do I hear the thief say that the way the product was held gives them the right to streal whereas they would have happily paid had the circumstances fit their arbitrary requirements. God forbid you do one further and stop using the content instead of somehow talking yourself into stealing and being in the right to steal, it’s bizarre.
Ah yes, the shill who thinks people should be getting paid for their work. The irony is that we have an entire popular subreddit called /r/choosingbeggars without most people realizing they are the choosy beggars who get mad at bad quality content while also taking away any money that could be used to make better content. The irony is almost...too much dude.
I just say liquor drinks instead of alcohol. It has caught on quite nicely, even with my female friends.
Most Americans couldn’t stomach seeing what really happened in WWII but that doesn’t mean it shouldn’t have been done. I don’t think our Middle East actions have been of any use and have been an incredible waste of life, money and time but I don’t think the ability to see death or trauma is reflective of whether it needs to be done or not.
Embarrassed people tend to lash out.
I'd really like a plot that would allow me to play a chaos race without a chaos goal. For instance, the total destruction of not only the planet, but all gods. Sure, Chaos's end goal is to create Chaos, but at the end, I doubt there god is willing to sacrifice itself. Or even a map that would allow me to play as Skaven to somehow save the planet instead of destroy it and maw every living thing into oblivion. I want to chaos, but I just don't feel good doing it.
So basically the Chaos clans would fight to save the world to deny Archaon? I'd love to play that campaign. Something where the world starts with Chaos already ruling everything and having a new threat emerging to take it from them. I want to play chaos but I can't get behind destroying everything, just not in my nature...but I do want to be able to play them in some manner!
I'm using an abacus...dang, still Chinese...
I wasn’t scolding him about hypocrisy, just showing why his example wasn’t good and why mine was more apropos.
Not sure, can't quite recall what makes a boner turn bonerfied, I'm sure the wiki on boner would help out a bit.
Definitely hop jobs. Over 8 years I went from 33k to 55k at one job. Within another 8 years and three different jobs I went from 55k &gt; 85k &gt; 95k &gt; 115k w/ 15% bonus. Leave jobs, take other interviews and leverage other interviews to get counter offers at existing jobs, within reason.
I don’t disagree. The industrial revolution brought wealth and eventual workers rights. Now us industrialized nations do what was done to us, just to other countries. Keep the outside labor cheap and collect as much in the pockets of the fewest possible. Sorry if the narrative of the world is a crying thing for you. Reality isn’t often pleasant and if you keep the status quo as it is, it’s going to be a worse world not a better one.
Lol, that’s not true at all dude. Technology has created a new cycle and globalism has created an entirely brand new way of oppression. If you can’t see that, I’m not sure what to tell ya.
Don’t forget the animated HBO show where they take the best of their 5 years on radio and turn it into animated skits, it’s amazing.
I'd try out FrostPunk if you want a twist on the genre.
I’m white and Swedish and have an Italian name with no Italians in any of my family. No one cares.
haha, I do like WH2 a lot after snubbing it for quite some time for being fantasy. That being said, classical medieval Europe with paganism, Caliphates, Holy Wars, Popes, bastard sons, weird general traits and the invention of cannons is such a fun world to play in. Traditional castle structure and battles are so much fun to play. Not to mention we all come from somewhere on Earth, fun to take control of your heritage and play out your destiny.
Could be, just know I got an email recently related to the banning of sale/trade/export of test and related compounds.
Depends, I've had much better chest growth by adding volume vs weight. I've also had better gains and less nagging injuries by doing set amount of sets vs pushing my absolute hardest to get a last set out (as form tends to suffer, even if it's only slightly).
&gt; why do I have to be the one that does it? If they aren't actively trying to keep up why should I bother? I've reconnected with a few friends who came back, but it fizzles out after meeting up a few times. I don't think that's a great way to look at it. Most people are busy and most people do like to socialize and see their friends. If you also like this, sometimes you have to be the one to put in the work. I've been put in that position a lot. My friends seem to like me, but they have their own things to deal with (family, kids etc). It's not a bad thing to be the one who initiates when things are busy. They're not at home playing xbox all day and not thinking about you, they're busy doing their own life. I put together a yearly canoe trip, yearly football game and yearly hockey game for my group of old friends. Many make it, some cant, but we always have a blast. If I didn't plan it, it wouldn't happen...and no one would like that, me especially.
One of my favorite relatives is my brother in law. He is a doctor, they are very well off. All 3 of his kids have a job in high school and college for spending money. One works at a coffee shop, one works at a sandwich shop and one works a youth camp. They work, find responsibility, get paid a little and still have plenty of time for friends and school work. They are the best and most responsible kids I have ever met in my life.
Meh, I don’t look at it like that. Nixon was president and people saw their friends dying by the bucketloads for nothing. Trump sucks but this is not the first time the world has been like this, it will be better. Also, perspective matters, one of my favorite books is At Home by Bill Bryson, if you want perspective on how hard life was up to the recent past, read this book. I read it every year and it’s an amazing audio book as well. Perspective is probably the most important things in life.
Meh, it isn't based just off him though. When you run a largely option offense, you need all your key parts. A strong running game, good receivers and solid TE's to pick up some of the scrap opportunities. It's not that Cook is the only part of the recipe, but he is the baking soda with Thielen &amp; Diggs (to some extent) the sugar and cousins the flour and eggs. You can make a pretty shitty cake with only part of those, but to run a real option based offense, you need it all to make a tasty one.
What's funny is you don't even know yourself yet dude. You're meeting the adult you for the first time. As someone who knows a lot about the subject, your emotional maturity tends to end the moment you started using for extended periods of time. If you never stopped using drugs and alcohol on a constant basis, your emotional maturity is likely that of a 21 year old. First, you need therapy, someone who is experienced and can help guide you through what is going on. Second, you need to start slowly and start asking questions and learning about your wife and kids on a real level. Just spend time around them and you will start picking them up. This is your wife and kids, don't fiddle around with a therapist, get a therapist and commit to being honest for once in your life, unless you want your life to fall apart. Those are your choices dude.
I don't think it's a terrible metaphor. They weren't worried about our run and stuffed any run options we ran. They saw we couldn't run and their defensive line is so strong they could do 3 man blitzes while covering our receivers heavily. They weren't scared of the run. People who are scared of the run don't run 3 man blitzes all day. We're an option offense, we have to have solid options in run and pass to make it work. This is our formula this year, everything is built around this...if we can't execute on it, we can't win. It's not even about the weapons, it's about the entire strategy of our team and what we practice.
haha, biggest ego hit ever to realize he really doesn't care. She probably can't handle him not actually caring.
Don't disagree with anything said there...
Man that gave me a chuckle...
I don't really like the movie much, but cinematography is an area where it absolutely shined.
I think their opinion is keeping people out of the country is what’s best for their children’s future. I never much cared for the argument about doing what is best for your own children. Much prefer the idea of us doing what is best for all children.
No, never.
I mean, he is an adult and can decide how he is going to act at his job. It's not on you to mother him about it. That being said, how he reacted afterward is completely unacceptable.
Eh, it only takes 1% to make it worth it. I’m happy at my job but have been waning a bit. A recruiter sent me a message about a good company in the same area and that was enough for me to ask him to tell me more and give me benefits and ranges. I took an interview, got an offer and then put in my two weeks. Then my company wanted me to stay so bad they gave me a 25% raise and 15% yearly bonus and a retention bonus so I stayed. I guess that didn’t work out for the recruiter after all.
I don’t think so. I believe he was already believing he couldn’t get a relationship with her so he started out with a terrible leading comment hopefully thinking he was funny. He then got murdered.
Hmmm, I am unsure. I will say that I grew up on 50s/80s/early 90s country. All my relatives were from the sticks and I know a shocking amount of country music. From my college years until my early 30s, I never even went back at all, I hated it. As I hit late 30s, now I listen to it fairly regularly. I have a trivia team and my ace in the hole is when 80s country music comes up, once every 2 years. One of my few categories that I know that 99% of the bar doesn't know anything about. I think country presents a world of what was had and now lost, that is a simple thing that everyone can understand. It should also be noted that there are a ton of different types of country. While someone may not like today's country, they may like the drum and banjo guitar of the 80s. While they may hate that, they may like the simple rythms of 50s/60s country. Even myself, I basically hate anything that came out in the 2000s. It's just pop music with a country label slapped on it. Basically, if you can't make it in pop and don't have the talent, fall back to country music.
I've changed some but I'm also very like my father and can't fight certain things. My father is a quiet man, slow to anger but extremely angry if he get's pushed to his limit (which I've only seen a few times). He was always a hard worker but an indifferent father. I realize the same traits are inside of me. I don't like kids, don't want kids...and the only way I would have kids is if someone did almost all the work, which isn't a good life for a child (as I lived it myself). The other piece of the puzzle is going to therapy to help understand why you act the way you do and how to see past it. Sure, you're part your father, but some of this stuff is also learned behaviour that just needs work. It's not in your genetics to be impatient with your kids, it's just the way you were taught. It took me two years of therapy before I realized I could voice my own concerns, feelings and complaints and that it was 'ok' to do that. I don't have to be like my dad and keep it all inside and then blow up later or be mad all the time. Who knew that letting your feelings out and having needs led to you not being so mad.
Meh, comes down to standing out or not standing out. If you have a list of messages in front of you and all say 'hi'. One says 'Your dog reminds me of beaker from the muppets' Which one are you likely to respond to or be more interested in? Effort begets effort.
I was sleeping soundly deep in the Wisconsin woods. A sudden sound of brush moving awoke my from my slumber. I paused for a moment, listened intently, then went back to sleep. Moments later I was awakened again by the sound of muted cackling in the distance. My eyes strained as my imagination drew pictures of monstrosities in the dark night. The noises grew louder, closer and more numerous. The sounds were unlike anything I’ve heard in nature or the civilized world. After some time, I decided it was best to face death rather than cower in my tent. I placed on my headlamp and unzipped the door. I scanned the horizon...nothing. I turned the other way and was greeted by a gaggle or wild turkeys, some 30 of them. Horror abated but it was still the most strange thing I’ve seen.
I have heard the males are aggressive and have sharp talons. I hid in my tent until they allowed me outside lol
What often happens with young people, especially young women, is they give people too much credit for being good people. You want to think the best of other people, it's a good thing and position to take. The problem is...well, some people aren't good people. He *is* hitting on you. He *is* being inappropriate and way out of line. Your bf should be dealing with this, it's his family. I'd also just put him on ignore at a minimum (and block if you just want it to be over with) and simply not respond. Leaving someone on read is a message in and of itself as well.
An adage that always worked for me, you get two of the three Great Money Great Boss Great Workplace If you have 2 of the 3, you're in a pretty good spot. That being said, there is a difference between an OK boss and a lunatic.
Hmmm, I play HE, trying to think of unit formations that I got or unique stances, I can't recall any but I could be missing something.
200mg + 500HCG, jesus. For one, that is a pretty high dose of test for TRT. To throw natural test production into the mix with 500HCG, you're pretty much on a light blast. I don't think you necessarily have apnea, you're on a light blast and can't sleep because of it. Anyway, I dropped HCG from the mix a year ago, I didn't like how it made me feel and I don't miss it at all.
If you're convinced 200mg/week is TRT and not a light blast, you're the dumbass. There is a difference between what you want to be reality vs what reality actually is. Obviously going to be unpopular around here to call out steroid abuse in the guise of TRT, as many people here want it that way. Doesn't mean I'm wrong.
Sure I can, especially if it's an online clinic that has a vested interest in selling more product and giving consumers what they want (legalized steroids, basically). Money is a strong motivator.
That’s what a small blast is, going high on a trt protocol.
Ah yes, from the medicinal journal of what constitutes a mini blast 🙄. 200/mg a week takes many people over the tested max range of 1500.
See earlier point. If you’re also indicating that all physicians always give the best advice, I’m not really sure what to say “bro”. Not to mention 3/4 of the talk around doctors here is complaining they don’t know anything lol. Oh the irony.
Yeah, I hear you and that makes sense.
When it’s said in a dickish manner it sure does.
11 days! I couldn’t even make it that long if I was drinking. Good job buddy.
Idk, id put Hola Arepa under brunch. They have one of the best goddam brunch menus I’ve had in my life.
Just face it, staying quiet is your best bet to avoid getting blasted if we do lose :P
Quiet never worked, we need you to go big. If the Vikings lose, you show up in a skirt and leggings. We need ya bud.
Ain’t easy being the last Pagan holdout.
That frog thing is generally seen as a myth I guess https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Boiling_frog
Not to say we're a perfect couple or anything, but my partner and I are very much of the sort where we'd be fine alone but we just really like to be together. We have our own friends, hobbies, interests and give each other a lot of freedom but also love spending time with each other and sharing a life. So many relationships I've had over the years where I turn into the partners entire life and social existence. She has a marketing business and a fashion side business. I work in technology and play board games. We're very different in interests but similar in values and it all works out.
It really won’t because the high prices are in areas people like to live. There are reasonable house prices in less desired cities and stages. Popular area and popular cities means high cost as real estate is limited. There is a reason European homes tend to be much smaller and it’s not because they prefer to have it that way, I promise you. We’re a young country, if took a while for the best areas to be built up and taken over. Now they have been and prices are high to live there, especially in a nice home. Just a fact of life. There will be no great crash of the housing market. People will choose to rent, move to a less desirable area and climate or move to a smaller home than they would want, I don’t see what is so hard to understand about land and economics.
I feel like a ton of their hooks are slightly altered samples, is that inaccurate?
Didn’t the Saints TE literally run all over us like toy dolls?
True, but you had some wins that were extremely close like the Saints.
Well, for this type of relationship you have to more than likely find a woman who would want it, as it would be mostly men looking for this type of relationship.
I felt like we couldn’t win but man oh man that was domination. The energy on that 49ers team was a beautiful site to behold. I also think playing them at home was pretty tough for us. They obviously thrive on the crowd and it really helped out their play to the next level.
Idk, what was cousins supposed to do with no time to throw or option? Our offensive line is better than previous years but it’s obvious it can’t hold up to a top defensive line at all.
As someone who doesn’t care to fix things and is a man, your post is basically saying you should be proud to be more of a man than me but it’s ok for me to be a lesser man if I want. I get what you’re saying as you want an avenue to be proud of what you do and who you are but you also want it as a way to put other men down who don’t fit classic masculine stereotypes. It’s not a good thing for the world.
&gt; "Luck is what happens when opportunity meets preparation" I don't really believe that at all. Sure, hard work is part of it, innate ability is part of it, having parents that support your abilities can be part of it. A lot of life is luck, including how much innate ability you have. How you apply that ability is skill, but lets not pretend the world is filled with successful people who deserve to be successful out of hard work. The best way to make money is to have parents that have money that can give it to you so you can make money. What isn't lucky about that? A large portion of wealth in the world is luck based.
&gt; So how far do you need to sacrifice to make you feel better? Give $100/wk to charity? Your entire paycheck? Invite the homeless to live with you? Run a soup kitchen out of your own home? At a certain point, you are just metaphorically setting yourself on fire to keep others warm thinking this way to satisfy a self-imposed condition that is nearly impossible to meet because you won't think it is enough. This reads way too much like 'the best thing to do with your success is to accept it and not feel the need to help anyone.' Donating 100 dollars to charity and running a soup kitchen out of your house are vastly different ends of a spectrum. Those that do well should share that success with others, as much as they're comfortable and able to. Countries that look at their fellows as more of peers in their society vs the 'other' tend to have much happier societies in general.
I had an aunt who took three trailers and made a super trailer out of it. A double wide with a single wide next to each other then another single wide put on top of a hill with a straircase built to it. She also illegally bred half wolf half dogs. I had a weird childhood.
&gt; Even worse once the attackers take that tiny little section they automatically win the entire city. Defenders "IT'S ALL OVER! THEY TOOK THIS TINY CORNER OF THE CITY AND FORCED US UP TO A MORE DEFRNSIBLE AREA! WE CAN'T DEFEND THIS AT ALL!" dies I'm with you up until this point. Strategic acquisition of key areas in sieges were not abnormal in real life. Just because it looks like a little 'square' doesn't mean it isn't some major point of key strategic value. It also helps reduce cheese when you're extremely outnumbered. If they can take the center of your castle, you no longer control the area and must take it back by force or flee yourself.
Sure, but I'm kinda saying the center point is kinda like taking the keep, the last bastion of defense and control of the city.
Is it ironic that she could have worked for 3 hours that it took to find the skirt and make enough money to buy a skirt? Anyone?
I hear what you're saying and I think that is a valid complaint. I guess...for me, it doesn't bother me as much. They have certain time/resources to invest and I guess I'm more OK with having to use my imagination to represent what the center of a city looks like vs making it a secondary keep to take in a physical form. That being said, that is one reason I enjoyed MW II so much, tiered castles with multiple lines of defense. Nothing like knowing your first gate will be taken, sacrificing a spear unit at the door while retreating to the second gate and raining fire arrows down on the enemy with a vanguard unit coming out a side gate to charge from the corners.
Wiiiisscaannsin
I hear your point but wouldn't you say that is a more unique situation with more outlets for easy socialization and a structured life, to some degree? Moving for the military is going to be a lot different than a person moving alone, for a job.
Oh yes, very much a HWY 70'ish situation.
Collar stays are to be inserted for the hanging of shirts and removed thusly for shirt wear. He has committed a dual crime, not having properly pressed shirt and not leveraging collar stays to retain a tight edge. The true well dressed gentleman will remove them with each wearing and apply them after a fresh press. I am making that up, but it sounds right.
Well, I guess it sounds like you prefer to not really have any sieges at all considering they were so costly and so infrequently done? I do know that story of the Gauls as well. If they wanted to wait and kill them all, they could have. As it stood, they had the entire city and wealth except for what was in the keep. They chose the more enjoyable route or just going home and taking the bribe vs fighting it out to the end. If the Gauls chose to stay, Rome would have lost eventually, which is kinda the point of the sieges in TW games. While not technically accurate, it’s just assuming some things to speed up the process.
I know some people hate the new seasons, but how could you not love the shed and breakfast, dirty dancer and the new assistant supervisor season? Lot of great moments.
I hate everything.
'Whoreaggedon' may be my overall favorite episode of all.
idk, first two new seasons I like a lot and they fit the vibe of the show perfectly. The latest two seasons, maybe not so much. Then again, the only one I actively dislike is the one with all the celebrity guests. The latest season isn't bad at all. Ricky working as a home repair guy and ruining that woman's bathroom is as good as TPB has ever been. The celebrity season though...yeesh. Not only was it not very entertaining, I felt the JRoc &amp; Mexican wife stuff was kinda racist and a bit mean spirited, which the show is really never about, even when they're making fun.
Wat? The only thing my pained memory recalls from the game is getting the ball for 4 downs and turning it over...over and over again. Am I crazy or isn't that what happened?
We're an option offense right now, similar to the 49'ers. They're just better at it and have a better line.
While not entirely similar, the US debt is a good thing to look at to understand how you can function with insane debts. As long as growth is steady and on an increased trajectory, it's OK to have massive amounts of debt.
Your body does really well with consistency. If you're eating healthy and at a slight loss, your body will adjust and not mentally barrage you with food thoughts all the time, as it's impossible to focus on other things that are important for survival. Things go off the rails during surplus, because your body realizes you have surplus and wants more. Plus you eat more inconsistently. It's very hard. The only clean bulk I've ever had that went well was when I had a list of the same foods I ate everyday with no exceptions. Exceptions = pizza at midnight before you know it.
Hmmm - Lack of purpose. I don't want kids and don't much like kids. The purpose most people have in life is not something I have or want. This is hard. I also am agnostic so I don't have the safety net of God to help fuel my existence. - Never having a good parental relationship and still being a tad jealous of people that do. It's hard to have an absent father and a mother that never really paid attention. I'm almost 40 now and certainly wonder what it would be like to have someone that cared about me and made an effort when I was a child. My partners mother is an amazing human being who sacrificed everything. It's hard not to have that. - My brother died of cancer 10 years ago with his 3 week old baby in his arms. A crushing sight to see that has nearly ruined what family I had left. All that being said, things really aren't bad. I make a very good income, have an amazing partner. Travel around the world and see and experience things many people cannot. My life experiences have also led to a lot of insight and curiosity around human nature. A lot of people seem to enjoy the way I think or view issues which feels good.
Lack of self awareness. I can't be with someone who can't see the world outside of what is staring them in the face.
Your wife wanted to hurt you on a very deep level. She wanted you to feel pain like you've never felt before. Not sure why, but she wanted to gut you and then laugh about it later. This is insane.
I have no problem with Kirk. He is still relatively young, fairly consistent and has shown he can play at a decent level. When the O-line can give him time, he can do good things. I think we'll see another draft year where we go heavy on offensive line and see a similar or somewhat better year next year. If we get rid of him and take a chance, I don't think we're going to be very happy. My guess is they give him another 3 years and work on a transition plan over that period.
I guess I never wanted kids regardless so I'll take the first one?
I like dogs so I just went to the Humane Society website, found an application, met someone in person, took the training and have volunteered once every other week for 3 years. I think I have almost 200 hours volunteered at this point. Sometimes I hate going as I mostly pickup poop and de-escalate dog situations and deal with annoying people, but I do feel pride in having done it. Also, if you like your area a lot, consider volunteering in the local neighborhood group. I do park cleanups and such. Its nice to visit a park in your neighborhood and know you helped make it what it is.
38, I don't like kids and basically realized I'd be just like my dad (kind but absent). I know I'm selfish as well, I don't like a ton of sacrifice in my time or what I have to do. One thing that I didn't even realize was that there are a lot of men who do have kids and don't really want kids and the wife picks up all the slack. I had no idea that men even thought this way much less that there are a ton of them out there. If relationships were similar to the 50s where I worked and my partner stayed at home and did all the child work, I could probably handle something like that, but there is a reason that changed, as no one was very happy.
Sure, her overall favorite results was the pixel facial. It hurts like all hell she said though but she said it made a huge and long lasting difference.
idk, water weight my man. Almost all of us put 10-15lbs of water on and it never goes away as long as TRT continues. I don't even use the scale anymore, I just look at the mirror to judge results.
"Crippling" eh? A bit dramatic...
187 days of pay for unused sick time? I'd like to say I'm on their side but I'd be annoyed if this was coming out of my tax dollars. Vacation time, sure...PTO where things are mixed together (sick and vacation), sure...unused sick time? No. That being said, maybe I've already been brainwashed by capitalistic society to expect way less than I should have. It's hard to support something so wildly out of line as to what non-union workers receive.
I hear ya but that’s the 5%, not the 95% of the rest of us
This is such a huge thing that people completely ignore. Weed makes being bored and being boring completely ok. How do people realize how extremely damaging that is in the long term for happiness? You’re bored because your mind is craving engagement. The trick isn’t to get high and rewatch the Office.
This is a great shot, almost looks like an opening to a film. Although I initially thought the woman was bending against the tree in a sensual pose. That may just be my problem though.
As someone who works in a shelter, I’m really torn on this issue. The biggest problem with pit bulls is they’re just strong dogs. Really strong dogs who are really good at causing damage if they want to. A lot of our pit bulls often come from bad owner situations or the street. This is scary as you don’t know what random thing could set them off. If their owner used to beat them with a broom and they see a broom, they might freak out, you just don’t know. Every fight I’ve had to break up in the shelter has involved a pit mix. As an owner of two dogs myself, if I saw a pit bull in a small dog park, I would absolutely observe them heavily before letting my dogs interact. One nice thing my shelter does is a mandatory pit bull training and education for any person who adopts. They learn about the breed, prejudiced and just general dog training which has made a positive impact. Anyway, long story short, I just find myself between a rock and a hard place on this issue and I can’t just blankety agree that an off leash pit bull is the same risk as most other dog breeds out there.
Cmon now buddy that’s not true. My dog got attacked by 140lb Newfoundland and I don’t hate on that breed. Bad owners are just bad owners. Bad owners of strong dogs are extremely bad owners.
Oof, goddam sorry to hear that, how traumatizing for everyone involved.
He's been a shining light in even the worst of our games. Pls no.
I don't think so...well...partly, I suppose. Yes, they do, but they also attract extremely empathetic people who want to help change their reputation. The people getting them from the shelter I work at are not what I would classify as 'bad people'.
&gt; I mean saying that a powerful dog shouldn't be allowed in a social setting is dramatic. Isolating any dog from social interaction is only bound to make them more aggressive. I guess I wouldn't say that isolating a dog from unstructured and uncontrolled social situations is banning a dog from socializing (as there are many other options). &gt; Isolating any dog from social interaction is only bound to make them more aggressive. That's true, but it's also a greater risk for other people to accept to allow a powerful dog to interact in an unstructured manner with their dogs. It's not a good situation for anyone, including the dogs. All I can say is that all dogs should be in training after adoption and in socialization classes. If they do that, by all means, let them roam and play. The problem is most people don't do that and the dogs are a lot stronger than any other dogs and often protective.
Eh, given a long enough timeline, emotions and a bit of liquor in the mix, there is always a chance of something happening between people.
I know people swear by retinol and trent, but I wasn't impressed with my experiences. For true anti-aging, I think your best bet is going to be going cheaper on skin care products and more expensive with in facility treatments. Things like pixel facials and a small dose of skin firming agents are going to do way more for your skin than any 'on the face' product could hope to do, unfortunately.
I guess I just don't really agree. Given enough time and enough situations it could easily happen. A quite common one is where one person gets divorced or cheated on or broken up with. The friend consoles them. The person who is in trauma reacts to the caring of the friend. Throw some liquor into it and before you know it a regretful banging is at hand. Anyway, with marriages and long term relationships, I just don't see the point of putting yourself in such risky situations. Edit: not surprised to see this is an unpopular viewpoint considering most of Reddit is young and unmarried, living in a fantasy world of what they imagine adult life go be.
&gt; Basic matter right now is yes I'm willing to give him money but i don't want to be used here and even if my wife is acting horrible I don't want a situation where she decides to leave me. What's kind of funny is it sounds more like your problem is your wife and not your brother at this point. You kinda want to give him the money but your wife is seeing dollar signs. My partner would not do that and would empathize with me and my situation in similar circumstances. That she is so against it doesn't really bode well for difficulties in your future. How can you see her quite the same?
Politically it's very interesting but I can never be a fan of men in leggings shooting muskets and the removal of castles for the basic fort structure. Just not super exciting.
Totally agree that there are very few book series. That's why I mentioned 'The Great Lecture' series which is collegiate experts giving a series of 30 or so lectures around a certain culture or topic in great detail. &gt; Either way what's definitely not true is that not many podcasts are doing them, since it's probably the most common history podcast format. Fair enough.
I'm part of the AHS system, not sure if they're in Denver as I'm an ex-resident and live in Minneapolis these days.
As someone who volunteers at shelters, I'm not really sure what you're advocating here or even trying to say. That people should have purebred dogs because there are too many dogs in the south and they need to be brought up north to find people to adopt them? They don't import them because of a shortage of dogs dude. They import them because they'd be put down in the south as they have overcrowded shelters. A very different situation.
People mainly hate melons because us in the Midwest are sick of fruit bowls containing melons and a few shitty grapes. We’ve simply had it.
Must have got farm mayor?
Isn’t it illegal to film at any job on private property? Just saying...
Very nice! Do you feel Caustic/900% is harder than 800% or the other way around? It seems like there is a lot more leeway and chokepoints in Caustic with no food problems. It's not a cakewalk, but it always felt a little easier. Can't wait till the campaign stuff is over with and they focus on more high difficulty maps.
Only post I've ever seen that made me consider actually attending AA.
It's hard to say. Being good technically is enough to get some business, but where you find true success is when you're good at sales and technology or have a good partner who can sell the business.
Rich guy born rich who wants to respect his dads wishes while also getting more rich. I'm not sure what this has to do w/ GoT or D&amp;D.
Glad you're doing well and also glad to hear your doctor really seems to care!
This is a nearly impossible thing to avoid in any level of SysAdmin life. I'm almost 40 and a team lead of cloud solutions and I still get a ton of people asking me for stuff directly. The only solution to this is to basically take another job every 3-5 years where no one knows you yet.
I was completely obsessed with post apocalyptic fiction for the better part of 10 years, never heard of this book, will have to check it out! What's kinda weird is once I got out of my depression 4 years ago, my interest in post apocalyptic fiction completely went away.
If your blood can't get donated you can go to a phlembologist(sp). They will take the blood out and get rid of it. It does cost money though. If you can't/wont do that, your best bet is to just lower your dose.
That's pretty funny, also glad to see I'm not the same one. It's weird how your mind puts you in places you don't even realize on a conscious level. That being said, if your ex turned up dead and they find a stack of murder fantasy novels, you might be in trouble : P
idk, all depends on I guess. I have IBS and you can imagine the anxiety that comes with literally being within the realm of crapping your pants while out and about. Through a lot of work, I got myself to a point where I just was able to accept things happen. I've had to stop on the side of the road and high tail it into the woods more than once, but I won't let my IBS control my life and lock me to my home like a lot of people do. Anxiety is fine if someone is willing to push themselves and work on it. Anxiety isn't ok when it's used as a crutch to never do anything. May not be popular, but that's my perspective. Allowing anxiety to control everything just makes it worse and worse over time.
Haha, I hear ya. I think you're right, acceptance is the hardest part and letting the feelings or thing happen is often the right choice but the hardest thing to accept. Knowing that all things will pass, including the anxiety episode and allowing yourself to have a little meltdown is a good way to look at it. It's all temporary and it will suck but it will pass in time.
That's surprising, was waiting for someone to call me a beta soy boy idiot haha. Thanks, just pointing out what we dont know.
Mainly because it wont kill you to have low levels and its a controlled substance. They prefer low/no risk anti depressants.
Next time he is about to go in ask if he can leave his phone with you as you want to record him a little video on it. See how long he lasts in there without a phone to dick around on. My guess is about 5-8 minutes max.
It doesn’t it has clock for one day. Peaks in the morning and lowers through the day.
I thought I was allergic or something. I always had pain + long lasting bumps where the injection went in. Cyp has no ill effects for me.
Here's a simple example. When filming Terminator, James Cameron needed to find a way to make a wound look real. He knew that bugs reacted to electric current. He took a low electric current and some maggots and put it under a wound to make it look like it was moving and festering. *yes I know he wrote and directed the movie as well* That's vision and sells a scene way more than a general fake wound could. Not only that, but directors will modify scripts during filming all the time. If something doesn't feel like it works, they change it. They let actors ad lib and sometimes add the best lines of an entire film via this process. The script is a blank canvas. The director is who chooses how to paint it.
Agreed, there is always a dumbass.
Sorry man! I worry about the same thing everyday!
Skin Trade is so goddam good.
Yeah I definitely keep up with trends at 40 years old. People treat you better and respect you more when you dress well. That being said, when I go back to my home town my friends laugh at my slim jeans and I laugh at their 2000 era cargo pants. It’s a funny situation.
If you drank for many years somewhat heavily you’re likely emotionally stunted a bit as the drinking allows you to not deal with uncomfortable situations that would help with growth otherwise. It’s common with addicts of any type to stop growing much emotionally once their addiction started.
To be a tad fair though, have you ever been on a photo shoot? It looks weird and awkward as hell. Then you see the finished result and it all makes sense.
That’s not true, I’ve had a first hand experience where a friend was crying and freaking out. I think it was good for him but it sure did ruin the enjoyment experience of all the rest of us.
Cuz everyone else had done it several times before and all were having the same pleasant experience except this one fella.
He was the opposite, adhd type.
When I was depressed I didn’t like music for years. It’s weird how you can be so down that you can’t even find any joy in music of any sort.
Meh, it depends how that information is presented to a person. If they feel they are being yelled at and not treated with respect vs being educated, some people are going to react violently against that. Let’s not pretend.
I exercise almost everyday. I have a comfortable king sized bed for myself and my partner. No TV allowed in the bedroom unless someone is sick. We never watch tv in bed. I use a cpap as I snore, that helps her sleep better and I'm not getting pushed and awoken for snoring. I'd like to say I don't drink, but I do get blasted on weekends sometimes.
With this advice and your handle being a 'bulldog', I'm not sure if I'd put this at the top of the reasonable 'people who don't like anger are the problem'. As someone who gets angry sometimes, I honestly don't ever feel like anger is a constructive or useful way to resolve that conflict, even if it's reasonable to feel. As to anger being tied to fear, there are some classes of thought that all emotion is tied to fear as fear is the primary driver of everything.
Pretty normal, just part of our modern era unfortunately. I think there is a strong pushback in the new generation against millenials and those slightly older. The Gen Z'ers see what impact technology and isolation has had and seem to be focusing more on interacting, so there is hope for that younger generation. It's easy to stay home and watch tv in sweat pants and surf the net and chat a bit. It takes work to get up and go out. A lot of people just prefer the path of least resistance and then people often wonder why they feel so lonely and isolated. All that being said, I don't care if my friends ever call me. I actually don't like to talk on the phone at all really. If someone wants to meet up, great..if they want to chat on the phone...ehhhh I'm not super interested.
I'm almost 40 and mobility really starts to take a toll on you as you get older, probably more important than lifting for most folks. Anyway, I lift 3-4 days a week and one day a week I do 30-45 minute of yoga, which helps a ton.
Some would say (well, most, I would imagine), that their culture is being disrespected.
No it isn't, who says their culture is gone? They have the longest cultural history of any nation on the planet and the longest recorded history by far (due to the dry air and ability to have writings maintained). We know more about ancient Egyptians in 3000BC than we know about some areas in 1000AD. The culture of your country doesn't just stop magically. As long as you have a country, it's history is part of your culture, good, bad or otherwise.
So you're defining culture as the part of a civilization that persists today, but not part of a civilization that has existed in the past? For instance, for all the countries that had royalty but no longer have royalty, royalty is no longer part of their culture? I'm not sure if I would agree with that. Culture and history are intertwined and what once was has an impact on what currently is.
You got blasted, just come to terms with it. Hoisted by your own petard is the phrase, if I remember it correctly. /fin
If it were my dog, if he seems happy and has quality of life, I'd not rush it. Even if he is having accidents, I'd make adjustments like adding puppy pads all around the house (even old dogs will adjust to this concept surprisingly). Once it seems painful for them to live and that they are really not enjoying themselves, then it's time.
Well if you have to rewire it I wouldn’t exactly say it was working for 100 years.
&gt; Everyone is looking for a magical potion that makes it easy. If it existed, it would be in the tap water. Well, there is, AAS, but it doesn't really do much mixed in water. I think the most annoying thing is that people see these ripped people selling supplments. Great. The person is ripped, they take this supplement and do this routine, so if I take the supplement and do the routine, I will look like them, right? Wrong. Because all of them are on steroids and that is what's doing it for them, not some ginger root pill.
For sure. I'm a tall lanky guy and found that I had to do a mixed width deadlift to be able to do deadlifts with my proportions without hurting my back. Years of googling how to properly deadlift and trying to figure out what I was doing wrong. I wasn't doing anything wrong, my proportions are just different than most people. Tough to google things that are individual to you or smaller sets of the population.
~400 with my free test being below range. A lot of data shows that free test levels seem to be the one that has the most to do with energy and well being, not total test.
Exploration in general was a complete shift of ideology for the European world. Previously, it was thought that all was known that needed to be known and the acceptance that the powers that be didn't know something was not all that well accepted or even thought of. The concept of accepting that we don't know things and that there are many many things we don't know and need to discover was a relatively new idea and one that took a while to gain acceptance. I know it sounds kinda crazy, but that is how it was. The notion that we're ignorant and need to explore to learn and understand was a new one. In the far east, mainly in China, their culture was somewhat similar. China is the center of all knowledge and understanding. China is best...so why go outside China to learn what need not be learned that China can't already understand and provide? There is no purpose to this. I know it may seem strange, but the concept of not knowing and wanting to know isn't a defacto human principle.
I was assuming it was 100 dollars a day and it seemed kinda nuts. Then I saw it was 100 a week and my mind was blown.
I hate when people say “my” in referring to an NFL team that you have no ownership of other than fandom. That’s like being a movie star fan and calling them “my friend”. It presents an ownership and familiarity that doesn’t exist.
I get what you’re saying but it just adds this layer of over familiarity and faux relationship that doesn’t exist. Fandom is fandom I guess but I don’t think it’s healthy to create false levels relationship between a fan and a team or celebrity.
Mine are more tied to vacations. I have 34 days left till my next trip etc. That being said, living life as a countdown to future events is probably not a great way to enjoy things. I think mine is partially fueled by living in an area with terrible winters that make a good portion of the year very unpleasant.
All evidence and research points to the contrary.
Lol, funny term but I do tend to agree. I think I would have preferred to not have existed at all and go through the difficulties of life, but now that I'm here, why not give it a go.
Like my own kid or? I'm not interested in having kids, but I think people should have them. There are plenty of great parents and happy people out there.
Edit: Well well, a gold, thank you strange person for giving this lonely childless man a little award for his day *bows*. I guess I'll relate the best I can as a 40 year old who chose not to have kids. Kids give you purpose, they give you a sense of building something, nurturing something and growing something. A much greater purpose than your own existence and what you might choose to do outside of that. As someone who chose not to have kids, you'd be surprised how difficult it is for people like me to find purpose as well in a world without God or children to fill it. The best things I can offer you 1. Start volunteering and finding something you care about. I volunteer at the dog shelter as I like dogs. If you like kids, there are unlimited opportunities to work with them. Find purpose through helping others. 2. Start reconnecting with your partner over what you enjoyed about each other in the first place. Experience new things together. Experience new places together. 3. Get a dog or two or a another pet. A lot of empty nesters get dogs as they love you unconditionally and fill a nice void when you're craving purpose and intimacy. Dogs are great for this. Just be sure you don't just try to live your life like you did when you have kids. Do not throw yourself into work and work pointless hours for a job that doesn't matter just because you're now bored.
I don't think people need to have a purpose, but I do think for you to feel satisfied and content as a human in this journey you must find a purpose.
&gt; What are the benefits of crushing your balls and wearing pants that belong on women? lol, talk about insecurity, jesus. Anyway, the crotch area of skinny jeans and normal jeans aren't very different. Not to mention many skinny jeans have 2% lycrex which makes them flexible and breathable. They're quite comfortable and conform to your legs. I'm not sure how having loose denim around your legs is more comfortable but I say people should do whatever it is they want to do I guess.
Not really, with a few exceptions 1. Astrology 2. Crystals I'm almost 40 and my partner works in marketing and fashion, so we know quite a few young people. The amount of young women that are extremely into astrology but also who are completely atheist is mind blowing. So...there is no God, but the position of Mars somehow controls your mood and who you should be in a relationship with? Tell me again how this is different than believing in a magic man in the sky? It's bizarre.
That's what you say now, till you see you get interest and before you know it you have 5 booty calls and a 6th that just gives good head scratches.
But...they obviously must understand the complex nature of gratitude for an act performed by another. That is how it is in Disney movies.
Reddit is some of the smartest and dumbest folks, all at the same time. Koalas are smooth brained. They often can’t even recognize the difference between a branch and any other somewhat similar object. They do not understand gratitude. People need to stop anthropomorphizing animals based on the Disney movies they watched as a kid. Animals are beautiful beings who should be cared for and respected. They also shouldn’t be put on a human pedestal when the vast majority think nothing like humans and have completely different social structures and live mainly off of instinct, outside of a few fairly intelligent species like Orcas and Primates.
No one cares if they’re dumb. It doesn’t matter if an animal is dumb, it should be treated with respect. It does matter when people equate animal actions to human constructs as it does a disservice to understanding an animal an its motivations and how it lives life. This then equates to people anthropomorphizing other animals and becoming way too dependent on them to fulfill complex human needs instead of seeking out other human (like people who think their dog is way more human than it is.)
Was a great ep of always Sunny tho
I guess I’d only agree in the instances that people use it for introspection and fun and not as an actual belief. It’s bizarre to see people be staunch atheists and then turn around and say they believe that star magic is what controls their moods and relationships with other humans. That’s pretty much the exact opposite of House. He would see an interaction with people in the world and use that to spark an idea that helps him solve a problem based on science and actual data. That is very different than reading a prediction that mars is out of alignment and you feel more sad and introspective today. Can you imagine if everyone in the world believed kn astrology and all had a reading that they are sad and introspective for the day? I don’t see how that is very useful but I do see how that ends up down a path of being just as dangerous as organized religion. Soon after you have priests replaced with star readers and off you go right back into the same cycle of insanity.
I actually found my depression was more tied to low testosterone (apathy, tired all the time, no meaning to anything). I got on TRT four years ago and I feel much better.
Absolutely, I looked incredibly youthful at 35, uncannily so. I'm 38 now and on TRT for 3 years. Face has a tad more bloat, hair is a tad drier and I just notice I don't look as good as I used to.
I get what you're saying.
Sure, I'll take a look. I did use some BPC when I had a tendon injury and had great results. Always looking for new things to make the ol' body feel better and look better.
24mg every morning, swap injection sites between IM and sub-q. Yep, I still like it, nice to have energy and interest in sex. I was a shell before. That being said, I liked how I looked more physically before TRT. I was more lean (less strong by far, but I liked my lean/cut look with some muscle). Its nice being strong but I also realize it's mostly just guys who care about it and I generally just care about what girls think. Being fit but thin and tall is what I was before and if I could drop TRT while feeling good, I probably would.
Goddam that looks expensive to have built.
Not because of the posted concern (theft). It’s a feel good anti pollution law that was enacted and no one follows or even pretends to follow, including the police who don’t even ticket for it.
Lot of time its joyriding or if it’s a car like a Honda Accord they’ll just grab parts they need.
I remember talking to someone who moved to Denver because “they like the cold.” I was very confused as it was February and like...45 degrees out.
I work right off Nicollet, this is pretty much the case. Lightrail is a mobile homeless shelter that costed billions and just works as a rotating shelter. Then everyone just hangs out at the library off Nicollet. How do we think we're saving the city money by using extremely expensive assets as homeless shelters vs actually providing shelter for the homeless?
I feel like it’s always been that way? North Loop is very safe at night and that’s just a hop down the road. No one goes downtown to eat anymore so they just kinda let the vagrants own the evening.
I always assumed it was the library they stuck all the rookies at to see if they really wanted to work in library sciences. Is that true?
It’s not about robbing people it’s about the act of robbing and how it defines the artist and their street cred.
What's weird is I went to Amsterdam and they loved me there, people were even asking me directions and talking to me in Dutch as I'm just a tall blonde guy. One weird thing about being an American is you're not really used to being around people that look just like you. It's so bizarre to think of living in a country where your ancestors have lived for 500+ years and have played their own part in building. We're all orphans on this side of the ocean, putting together this hodge podge country and trying to find an identity and community. Edit: Funnily enough, I am going to Italy in 4 months, I shall prepare for being loved as promised!
One big problem that Reddit completely ignores is that weed makes being boring, interesting. There are reasons we get bored. Getting stoned to make the mundane interesting is a good path to deep depression and isolation. If I didn’t get high I doubt I would have lasted even close to as long as I did.
I love reading about the time period, inventions, changes in science and thinking etc. For some reason though, it's the most boring era of military history for me. Guys with canons and tights with muskets in tight formation, fighting each other in a polite manner just doesn't quite cut it for my taste.
I am not, just one of the unwashed Lutheran masses imported from trashy Ireland.
Ahhhh great point, I totally forgot about this. For those who don’t know, high doses of hcg can trick a woman’s body into thinking it’s pregnant and needs resources desperately. Combine this with a cutting diet and weight literally falls off. There are a good amount of women who had a lot of bad side effects later though and this makes sense why they would consider a ban.
Dino? Better fuckin call Barney and Fred.
People aren’t going to like to hear this but we already have the most open immigration policy of any first world country. Believe it or not, a ton of people are not for mass immigration and the problems that come along with it (of course this doesn’t apply to the insanity of having kids in cages etc). I’d still vote for Bernie but this isn’t a policy I agree with or a lot of other people would agree with either.
Errr, that’s what I qualified the statement for people with addictive personality types, my dude.
Often when someone is an extremely anxiety driving situation, they turn to the person who cares for them the most and takes it all out on them. It's f'd up, but not entirely uncommon.
Amazing! I'm so so so so close. I lifted 392 the other day at 38 years old, but I just can't get over that 400lb hump. I want it bad.
I believe this has to do with the recent (and dangerous) fad diet that involves HCG, typically used with women. High daily doses of HCG puts a womans body into a place where it thinks it's pregnant. Combine this with a very low calorie diet for a week or two and weight literally disappears from the body. The problem is the dangers after a treatment are harming many women. This isn't about TRT and men using HCG for fertility. This is about HCG being used in a dangerous manner for crash dieting and fat loss that has significant side effects.
I make 115k + 20k bonus in the technology field. Certainly not glamorous and I certainly could work harder, but why would I for someone who is making more than enough money out of my effort? Being a chef is as much a job as an art form, it transcends the typical 9-5 type of work. I don't go the extra mile because work ethics shouldn't intertwine with making someone else a ton of money at your personal expense. If that is a bad character trait, I guess I'll accept that judgement and not be a corporate shill. Anyone else can feel free to take the moral high ground and work harder for less, by all means.
This doesn't really seem like that bad of a deal (depending how cheap the rent is). A room for a few hundred bucks, can work a normal day job and only asked to babysit sometimes and clean and take the dog out...seems not too bad, depending on your situation. There is a lot of grey area here. They make it sound like you need to do these things 'sometimes', but it's likely it will be the expected rule and they will continue to abuse it more and more. At face value though, this isn't so bad.
I think you liked the highs and lows and the passion. A lot of people get addicted to that as your brain is flooding you with chemicals and literally drugging you. It's very likely it was an unhealthy relationship (at best) and more likely a quasi-abusive relationship. 'Good' relationships aren't volatile with tons of ups and downs and breakups and makeups. You probably miss that feeling as it can be quite addictive, but it has no longevity and only misery awaits in the end.
I think one thing that takes a while is to accept when an area is lost and pull back to a new barrier before its too late. None of your resources matter anymore other than power and enough houses to support building a structure. If a wall looks like it's going to be lost in a minute or two, pull everything back, tear down as much as you can to get as much stone as you can and build a second barrier. Get more ballistas up, get Thanatos at the wall to help protect it, turtle your position. Most of my final wave losses are lost because I hold onto my base too tightly and don't want to give up any positions. In the end, you only need your command center. Burn and raze the rest and setup defenses as needed. Good luck.
I volunteer at a dog shelter, so a good amount of time goes to that. Play bass (poorly), like to read a lot about ancient history and physics and finding a new passion in the sauna community. Work blocks imgur, so I can only assume its a sculpture giving me the finger : P
&gt; So I always listen to Crime Junkie (CJ) because of the podcaster's personality and how she tells the story, exactly how I like it. From those that I know who like CJ, there is nothing like CJ and people just spend time trying to find the magic CJ to replace CJ which doesn't compare to CJ.
Rise of Nations still holds up nicely. It becomes a madhouse in mid to late game with insanity at every corner. Very good time.
These are all the wrong questions to ask along with the wrong answers. Yes, they should have less workers and more full time workers. Yes, they should have seasonal staff just like every retailer has had for dozens of years before this was a major issue. I'm not sure where you get the idea that having full time employees takes away their ability to adjust for short term holiday surges. In Europe, these aren't even questions. It's a strictly anti-labor policy to avoid paying benefits. Hell, even a step further, they shouldn't even have to worry about benefits because we should all have standard healthcare without businesses being directly involved. Our problems are so deep and systemic around profit for the rich and nothing for everyone else, that we can't even have a simple conversation as it goes so goddam deep down the rabbit hole.
&gt; that isn't capitalist brainwashing or corporate shill mentality. you're passing off your laziness as corporate rebel. Corporate shill. Pay crap for a job, expect crap in return. Just the way it is.
The French and British both come from the same Nordic folks (at least the Normandy area of France). Why can’t we all get along.
One of the few shining stars of the 49ers destruction.
No...if I remember right, the only solution to a small penis size is aggressive attention during puberty. I can't remember what needs to be applied, but there are certain topicals that are used for people who have these type of issues through puberty. Testosterone alone will not change anything about dick size other than maybe making it a bit harder than normal.
Thank you, DHT, that is what I couldn't remember. Appreciate it.
Fair enough, but I would have preferred to have the tiny apartment in a place I want to live vs a big house in somewhere I don't want to live. To each their own. It's like...do I want a slice of apple pie with ice cream or an entire pecan pie when I don't even like pecan?
I hate yoga but I do it religiously 1-2 times a week (40 years old). It's so so so so so key to being able to move and age more gracefully.
Just an aside, some people never really get super horny. I've been on TRT for 4 years from injections to pellets. At times, I get extremely horny but in general, I just like sex more than I used to but don't feel especially horny all the time. I was never an extremely sexual person outside of puberty so it seems to translate to more interest in sex for me, more enjoyment, but still around the same or a bit more interest, generally.
Sure thing, I’m 38 and never having kids so that also plays into my city life.
For sure I hear ya
Sounds like you have a crush on your gym buddy and are a tad salty good sir.
Haha, I do! I quit drinking for January and who would have thought that my lifts are going up and my belly is shrinking. I know I can do it, might even make it 405 just to spite the lifting demons that cursed me today. Just proud to be 38 and making PRs and mostly injury free (with a few nagging things that just come with getting older).
Makes sense!
Just picture her doing those hip thrusts in those lulu lemon pants ya'hurr...
Well, he is a tenant now, so he could stay for 30 days if he wanted. He already sounds like a PITA, expect him to be even more of one.
I don't have a ton of advice, but from this sampling you seem to view relationships in the scope of how your mothers relationships are. A lot of passion and fun and energy early on and then when that ends, you want to drop them. You seem to be addicted to the newness and rush of a relationship and can't quite convert to when things calm down into a 'normal' relationship where there are deeper connections but also more problems. It almost seems like your mind thinks that a relationship is the passionate early part. It also seems that you want it to be on your terms. You shut down one day because you knew he still liked you and that things were still in your control to end, removing any control that he would have in the relationship.
Sure, he is a resident at this point and is legally entitled to stay for (typically) 30 days from the date of his eviction.
This is why these games have mod support. When CA has moved on, a large mod audience will often fill the niche. The problem is that Attila just doesn't have the numbers for CA to care or for even modders to put in much time. It's the sad truth, but it is what it is.
I knew I went too far, but my fingers typed it anyway.
Facebook Marketplace has been pretty good for me. Also the closer you try to get to retail price, the worse problems you're going to have with flaky buyers, scammers and such. When you want the most money for the product, expect the most hassle. If you want less hassle, sell for cheaper. Those are two universal truths regardless of platform.
&gt; What's confusing me about your view as stated is that you seem to think that people actually want to retreat into bubbles I think you're confusing that the point. He knows people want that, but they also expect it to be easy and to not induce anxiety vs the reality that it is scary and brings anxiety and that's part of the process. People want a lot of things that are uncomfortable to do (fitness and being in shape is probably the easiest example). That being said, I don't know what the OP is hoping for. If someone has severe anxiety, they have severe anxiety. It's not as easy as just going out and having fun and getting over it. The problem with modern anxiety is fundamentally tied to social media and the ability to quasi socialize without having to actually interact, learn about people, be with them in person and go through all those processes. So when it comes to actually be social, people aren't prepped for it and are scared.
I'd love to have 5 adult kids. I ended up choosing to have zero after seeing how hard actually raising them is. I'd love to have a big family, just don't want to go through all those years of childhood work to get there. People often vastly underestimate how much time, work and money kids take to riase.
Never heard of TRT used to cure ADHD, never even heard it mentioned over the years.
My favorite DLC of the bunch, greatly enjoyed.
And from that year on, she got Burger King poisoning each and every Christmas, to keep the tradition alive.
Hmmm, probably right at 30 was my first real injury. I went down to do some dips (without warming up) and felt a rip in my chest. I separated cartilage from my sternum which took 6-12 months to heal. I'm almost 39 now and am doing pretty well. My back rarely hurt (even though I sit at a desk all day). I do a light yoga routine on Tues/Thurs and then P90x M/W/F (since quarantine). Previously to that, I was doing olympic lifting and enjoying that for many years. Adult life happens a day at a time but days pass by much more quickly. Things can really get ahold of you if you don't make changes that can remain consistent. - Build a workout routine and stick to it. Whether it's over lunch or early in the morning. Something before life can get in the way. - Stop keeping good snacks in the house. There are zero bags of chips in my home, cookies...really anything I want to eat. People with kids probably can't live like this, but it helps me a lot. If I want a tasty snack, I have to go out and make a concerted effort to get it. - Lay off the liquor. This might be the most important one overall but also one of life's indulgences. Im in decent shape but if I cut out my liquor consumption, I'd be in amazing shape.
It doesn't matter if it was an accident, at the best case it's gross negligence and driving while distracted as well as criminal threats...or who the hell knows. This guy almost killed people, accident or not he needs to have something happen.
Yeah, I'm honestly not sure why this isn't seen as problematic to a lot of women. If someone wanted to date you, you wanted to be friends, they agreed...it's not really a friendship. If they had a choice, they would be dating or sleeping with you. Then you throw your eventual partner into this mix and they have to deal with you being friends with guys who want to be with you, that you shut down and now they carry on as 'friends'. Those aren't friendships, those are some other word that doesn't exist, but probably should.
I had an absentee father growing up, I think I'd honestly prefer having absent than critical, sorry you had to go through that. I think after I got my 3rd huge raise and passed over the six figure mark, I started having more confidence in who I am and what I'm doing. One thing that you may not understand is that most people don't even notice you or think about you, outside of a brief thought here or there. No one is tracking your successes and failures like you are. Most people are interested in their own life and have very little time to spend wondering about yours.
Yeah, I think some people would have problems dating someone who knew that about their friends, I guess. It would probably annoy me to know if I was dating someone. Then again I am with someone who is in fashion and has a marketing business and meets with men all day long and I never get jealous as I trust her implicitly so who knows.
I honestly disagree with that on so many levels. It's an unbalanced friendship and not a real friendship at all at that point.
Sure, each situation is almost certainly different, I am just speaking in more generalities and from my own observations. I think time is certainly one of those things that differentiate and help reset boundaries and what people feel comfortable with.
when people are stricken, they do weird things.
Fair, the moving stuff is a lot more age dependent than the other stuff, I've helped plenty of guy and girl friends move over the years. I'm just saying that you'll find these 'friends' go way more out of their way for a girl they call a 'friend' but they actually want to date or sleep with.
Dang, that burns so bad I can hear the sizzlin'
He was...but goddam that San Fran game hurt. He was shut down completely.
If someone on the internet is telling you to spend money so they can teach you to make money, the teaching is how you make the money.
&gt; why is it weird that women might enjoy doing something that you do? were all humans bro. Why is it weird that a platform that was mainly geeky men is now more women than men? The simple information is the interesting part, not that women are a problem because they're leveraging the technology. &gt; were all humans bro Ok bro.
and let's be clear, it's basically a physical affair, she just chose to not pursue him and let it happen. It's only an 'emotional' affair because the other woman wouldn't let it go further. Edit: Thanks for the gold! I knew my Donahue investigation skills would reap rewards!
It is weird/unusual when an interest that was around geeky men shifts to a mostly female user base. If that's not weird, I'm not sure what is, my bro.
I kinda hate the movie for what it makes me feel. *SPOILERS***** Even at the end, when the guy is talking about how he had great parents and he just likes hurting people to hurt them, really sticks to you. He wasn't abused, he wasn't in a cycle of abuse, he just wanted to hurt.
I'm not in AA and haven't quit myself (yet) and am a stringent atheist. I don't think there is necessarily a 'God' in AA, persay, but there is the ability to understand there is a higher power outside of your control that you need to admit to. For me, that higher power is my own mind and my genetics. Just coming to terms that I have things that make me want to drink that I have zero control of is literally admitting there is a higher power within me, that I can't control (at least easily). In the end, we're subject to thousands of little things that we think we control but are largely out of our control.
Huh, really? I've been on Reddit a long time and I usually feel every story is filled with far left commentary at the top and then a smattering of everything else down below. Reddit is mostly young'ish, male and somewhat educated folks. Makes sense it has a heavy liberal tinge. Which is good for me, as I agree with most of the positions but I also understand what Reddit says doesn't often reflect the views of the entire country or even...most of the country (re: Bernie Sanders).
I haven’t laughed for a bit, thank you for this amusement 😂
I'm 38 and partnered with a woman who also doesn't want kids. We've been together for 5 years. I think we will get married eventually (even though none of us feel strongly about the concept), it just makes certain things easier and we want to be around each other. I'll let you know in 40 years how the whole thing went!
I know it's going to sound weird, but I think a lot of this comes from societal pressure for women not to eat much. If they take from your plate, that's ok. If they share, that's ok because they're not ordering just for themselves. So they share because they probably like the social aspect but also it allows them to eat without judgement. I think the issue stems a lot more from patriarchal issues and how women are perceived in our society than it has to do with them being cheap or not wanting to pay. I think it's just one of those things best left alone.
Help my fuck, life is great. - Ray
Completely agree, Barker is gay, if I remember correctly and also has no problem with throwing some same-sex pieces into his stories. This alone keeps him from a less mainstream audience overall. Hell, Imajica partially focused on a creature that changed to match whatever you sexually desired most (from men to women to children to animals, anything). That can be a tough sell to some folks whearas 'evil' and the fight against it in King's books is a bit more easy to swallow for some.
You would think that, but the amount of people that buy a gun and only end up killing themselves in the deepest bouts of depression (especially while drunk or under the influence of drugs) is very high. Hell, even if I think about myself, I usually feel pretty decent...but if I think about the most depressed I've ever been and also had a gun handy that could end it immediately, it's hard to know what I might have done with that. If you're prone to depression at all, my best advice is to just leave the gun at the shop and go with some other form of defense.
I watched that in my early 20s and remember thinking the dad was a real asshole and completely getting why his kids were pissed at him constantly. Is it worth revisiting 10+ years later? I remember getting that they were selling that it was just part of the dad's personality and whistfulness...and really not being able to sell it fully.
It's kinda nice to see how players realized they're the ones in control, not the fans, not the owners, not the coaches, the players are the NFL and they can and should have a voice. Threats sound scary at first and they obviously do have impact (Kaepernick, for example)...but if masses of players take action, there is nothing that can or will be done to them. Fans think they have the power, but they know we'll show up week after week, because we still like the sport too much to give it up. Also...I mean, I hate to say it, but the ven diagram of sports fans and racists probably overlaps a bit more than people feel comfortable admitting or liking.
I pretty much gave my entire 20s to video games and doing...body affecting things that I would not want to get into. I remember dating a girl when I was in my late 20s. It just kinda hit me, that I'm almost 30 and I don't want to live my life like this anymore. I quit all the stuff I was doing and went on a several year long journey to changing my life. It was very hard, but also rewarding. I think getting older helps as well, as you come to realize a lot of people struggle in their own and different ways and that no one has the answers out there. It doesn't mean I'm still not depressed from time to time, sad about things...but I don't really go into the deep spirals of wanting to be someone I'm not or to be the Jesus Loving Dad down the road, who takes his kids to Teeball and church with a stop at DQ afterward. That's not me and that's OK. I just try to find other strange people like me and find that there are a lot out there. Also, just doing things is sometimes the most important part. I volunteer at the dog shelter and I honestly hate going to it more often than I look forward to doing it. That being said, every night when I'm done, I'm happy I did it and I can now look back at hundreds of hours I've given to helping creatures other than myself. Often doing the right thing or thing that gives your life value is something that is a pain in the ass in the moment...but if you're doing something useful, you're able to look back and give your life some value.
And if we don't act now (as a global community) they'll use this leverage to prop themselves right on up as the #1 in the world. It's actually a brilliant plan. When, in modern history, has a nearly 3rd world country propelled itself to such prosperity? The amount of clever tactics and complete dedication is mind boggling. Truly something to behold. It doesn't pay to play fair, if you're not one of the people already in the lead. We see that play out on the global scale all the time and are even seeing it now with police and race relationships. Be quiet and accept the status quo and play by our rules...doesn't fly when you're not the ones benefiting.
Oof, I used to be that guy in my 20s (38 now). I still fight with *not* being that guy. I can do pretty well in real life, but sometimes still argue just to argue on Reddit. I don't know what to tell you, honestly. My changes came through time, maturity and seeing different perspectives. He's young, egotistic and thinks there isn't a problem. I don't know how you'll get through to him but you can always dish out an ultimatum.
Knowing that I'll probably always feel a little older as time goes on. If your body reverse-aged ala Benjamin Button, I think getting older would be kinda awesome.
For sure...I think that has to go more along the lines of recreating the police department from scratch, with a focus on non-escalation. I don't think these few rookies are the right focal point of the problem or the right solution to the problem. Yes, dismissal from a department certainly should flag someone from taking a gig at another department.
The thing is, I don't think they realized that the senior officer was actually killing the guy, just that he wasn't following procedure. They questioned the senior officer, he affirmed things were ok, they questioned him again, he once again confirmed and then the guy was dead. All that happened within 8 minutes and some seconds. Police are put in stressful and dangerous situations, nearly daily (at least Minneapolis police, perhaps not out in the burbs as much). I think he may not have done quite enough, but I don't think he did 'not enough' to be charged. &gt; Maybe he will get a slap on the wrist and some people will think that's fine, but some will think it's not... either way, he needs to be held accountable. People will go ballistic, which is part of the problem. Now that they charged him, people expect the charges to stick. When both these guys walk out without charges, people are going to lose their minds. I think it was a knee-jerk reaction to charge these two rookies.
It happens, I worked for a company that made circuit boards and we had a whole shipment that accidentally had duplicate mac addresses, was bad.
Do you have a tube extender? I have one and usually keep a length of it kinda tucked in with me in bed, helps when I move around during the night. Have had CPAP for two years and never had any incident.
How can this be so far down? Those soundtracks brought a lot of interesting “old meets new” music. I’d say it’s in the top 10 most influential movie soundtracks.
I see this a lot but the standard editions flow so much better than the extended editions. I’m a huge LOTR fan and have seen the extended editions multiple times...but now, when I rewatch, it’s theatrical all the way. The pace is quite poor in the extended cuts and adds a lot of...well, not that interesting of content. I’m really proud of whoever edited the film as they did a masterful job of trimming the fat.
I mean, I hear your point but you don’t sound too tough when you talk back and then run away on your bike with your spandex pants 😂 Trails are for everyone of course but bikers need to take into account that they’re much more inconvenient than the person walking. You literally need to pass a ton of people and can’t expect them to always be paying attention to your calls, especially if they’re having a conversation. It’s like a car and pedestrians, you’re on the vehicle, the onus is on you to be the more aware one.
People don’t really follow the Old Testament and go by the New Testament which has nothing like this at all. The really crazy thing is that Islam and Judaism both have books very similar to the Old Testament teachings as their guide on faith and action. It’s kinda berserk.
Not really, I don’t pay very high attention to what is happening and find all kinds of nice surprises. For instance my buddy told me they just came out with a Command and Conquer remaster and it had amazing reviews. That is an awesome surprise. Hell, even finding out about They Are Billions was a complete accident and I found a game that is in my top 3 of all time, due to random chance.
Certainly, there will be pain and problems and mistakes, just part of the path forward. Let's not act like there isn't already violence, murder and the like. What we're aiming for is less of it, all around while still being able to protect the public. This isn't the wild west dude, turn off the Fox news and get the hand off the panic button.
And you think that they aren't aware? This isn't something that is just going to happen overnight. Police act like they're doing us a favor and we serve at their leisure. That needs to change and if it takes some tougher times to adjust to a new enforcement model, that's the price of progress. What we do know, is the current system doesn't work and isn't working. It would be worse to continue down a known 'bad' path than try to completely change how the job is done and what the focus is on. The most likely scenario will be a quasi police department for violent crime and the like with a community led branch for other, non-violent issues and de-escalation.
This stuff just seems laughable. Your dad wasn't a doctor, so why should the expectation be that he only got so far but his son should be doing so much better than him? I think parents always want to have their kids succeed, but the good wants want them to succeed as part of their own happiness, not as the legacy of leaving a fine 'dynasty' for a mediocre parent. Sorry to talk harshly about your dad, but this is a 'him' problem and not a 'you' problem. A good parent should be happy you're happy, well adjusted and enjoying your life. I'd just stop visiting as much or just have a blunt conversation with him around it and simply lay it all out. I'd also guess your confidence is probably not great as your dad/parents don't sound like they instilled much self worth in you. You are not your parents expectations dude.
Usually inflammatory BS that feeds a specific narrative and just causes confusion/anxiety. I'd recommend avoiding it. Whats funny is the app creeps me out for the opposite reason, that it's spreading things that aren't true and didn't happen.
It's not as bad now, I'll give you that. During the time of the riots and the following weekend, the amount of 'bad' information I was seeing from my area (NE Mpls) was astounding. Almost none of it ended up being true...or it was 'kinda' true but inflammatory.
I like the guy well enough and I think he's funny...but something always sits wrong when a guy who just became a US citizen last year has a show that just blasts the US. I half imagine the only reason he even became a citizen was to lend more credibility to his show and personal image. Edit: Expected a ton of downvotes and pushback, but not really any arguments that counter the point (which I expected). It's just not great optics when a non-citizen is the one making all the commentary on why your country sucks.
Certainly, just saying how it comes across. I know people give Fox News a hard time (as they should) but you can imagine how the right views a huge 'left' platform led by a guy who wasn't even a US citizen until very recently. The optics aren't great.
Sure, could say the same about him, I suppose.
Zero days, but if you want to have a television show where your entire platform is based on criticizing a country, it helps the optics a bit if you're a citizen of that country for some amount of time.
Sure, I don't disagree with any of that.
I think I agree with all of that...but being that he just became a citizen last year, I think it was more under the guise of giving his show legitimacy and his viewpoints more weight than any specific love he has for the country. I do agree with most of his points, however, but I just don't like something about how they're being made.
A lot, becoming a citizen is a commitment on many levels.
I never said that at all. If I did, I'd appreciate if you pointed it out. I said that it doesn't sit well that a non-citizen makes an entire platform out of criticizing the US. While he is a citizen now, it's only due to pressure received to give his show better optics, not something he wanted to do, specifically.
You can't say one way or the other, but you can say it seems convenient when someone lives here for 14 years and only decides to become a citizen when they have a hit television show that is entirely about criticizing and making fun of the country they just decided to become a citizen to (after having the show for several years). Take it for whatever you will, but anyone has to admit that the timing seems convenient.
That's a pretty interesting opinion and not something I had considerd.
For guys, you get the sex and companionship without any of the emotional burden or other problems. That's a pretty good deal for men, especially in a society that tells men they can't and shouldn't have any real feelings or emotions.
I honestly had no idea it was an organization up until now, I thought it was the name of a movement but not anything with official structure.
Never, I do have a paid sub to the NYT that I read almost every morning, though. One nice thing about the NYT is that they have a ton of money and a very high level of journalistic integrity. If I read a story there, I'm pretty sure it actually happened. The only thing I don't like is they take an overly liberal slant from time to time, which I don't always agree with. I also felt they were feeding the riot fires by being purposefully inflammatory during this recent crisis and outrage.
We get a lot of the same (very good) suggestions. I'd recommend one I don't really see here much, it's more of a podcast series vs ongoing, but it's very interesting 12 Byzantine Rulers - https://12byzantinerulers.com/ Really sheds some interesting light on the rise and fall of Constantinople and the Eastern Roman Empire. It also really gets into the lengths the Turks had to go to to breach the walls. With a few minor changes, Constantinople would still be named as such. It's also extremely interesting to see what a key role this area played in keeping Islam out of Europe (for better or worse).
If a game is good enough, you can overlook one large bad piece. For instance, combat has always sucked in The Witcher...always. It's barely passable, but the games are so rich and interesting, that it's worth playing regardless.
From my recent experience and experimentation No Exchange Online mailbox = No calendar integration, even in a hybrid setup. I also work in a very high security environment...but what you really find is a lot of the criteria the security folks have for protecting the environment, don't actually align with 'real' requirements for the industry. Security in high risk environments tend to look at cloud as high risk, whereas your on-network protections are leaps below what a partner like Microsoft provides. The only real risk is setting it up poorly and sharing data that you didn't mean to share. Anyway, some things to think on - Need Exchange Online to have calendar integration from the app (but you can still leverage Outlook to create Teams meetings, of course). Edit: I've been told this may not be true and should work if you're on 2016 CU3 or above + Hybrid + Teams Only. - Need Exchange Online to leverage Outlook.com app that has Teams integrated appointment options. - Teams IP whitelist is found here https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/microsoftteams/office-365-urls-ip-address-ranges. That is the bare minimum, but don't be surprised when some random function doesn't work when you try to restrict to only Teams 'required' IP ranges. - Microsoft came out with a JSON style IP URL, this is awesome. If your tool can leverage this, you never need to update your O365 IP whitelist again https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/office365/enterprise/office-365-ip-web-service - Consider adding in the small license fee associated with Teams Voice. This allows your users to leverage PSTN connectivity at a relatively low cost per license. That means people can join via bridge info remotely vs using the app. I can't remember the cost, but it was only a few bucks a license and is worth it. - Consider working with your VPN team to create split tunnel for voice and audio networks with Teams. We saw a large performance improvement when splitting this traffic. A lot of companies, especially high security, hate split tunnel, but this is a valid reason to leverage it with fairly low risk. Your company has put you in quite a bind, as they want the world but don't want to do anything to 'risk' security. I feel your pain.
I hate to say it, but it's likely this was never really a friendship and he just found you attractive from the get-go and created a friendship because he knew nothing more was possible. As time went on, he decided to more directly test the waters. Situations like this can be tough...sure, it's been a 12 year platonic friendship 'to you', but it's likely been something different 'to him' and I don't know how appropriate and fair it is to you or his wife to continue the friendship. Edit: My bad, didn't realize this was /askwomenadvice, thought it was another relationship thread. That being said, I'm not surprised my post has a large mix of upvotes and downvotes. Women tend to not want to believe a lot of men are as depraved as they actually are and that a guy like this wasn't attracted to the OP originally based on her being attractive vs. wanting a platonic friendship. It ain't pretty, but this is how a lot of men operate and how a lot of men think when meeting a woman initially (even if it never turns into anything more). He's shown his true intentions, which have likely been there the whole time. Best of luck to you.
Totally agree, they get a ton of cash injected and have a worldwide reputation of being the best in the biz. I just wish they had a more even slant from time to time, even one article would be nice. During the immigration issues last year, every single article focused on mistreatment of immigrants while there was no mention of how many immigrants the US allows in, the economic and societal pressure of large unskilled labor migration and items like this. To the NYT, it's purely a social issue about mistreating people, when the actuality is a lot broader and more complicated. I'd agree with their points but I'd agree a lot more if I saw them point out some fair points by the other side of the fence.
I've been partnered for about 5 years and we've recently been talking about getting engaged. One nice thing about this, is knowing we can stand being around each other far more often than we ever have before...and still actually like each other. We're usually very busy people and have a lot of time apart. So it's been nice to learn that we're making the good choice and actually do love each other. I think this time is important for a lot of couples. There will be hard times, you will annoy each other, how do you handle that and can you handle that? Really important things to learn.
I guess I don't agree with any of that. His show gained a huge following and a lot of traction post-Trump. It makes a lot of sense to get citizenship simply for optics of his employment and platform, simply due to that alone. I certainly see what you're saying, I just am seeing the other side of it (but either could be true, realistically).
That's like someone posting about BLM and someone saying 'In before someone mentions police killing an unarmed black man.' Stating it in this way doesn't make the point moot, just makes you unwilling to give a real answer to it by devaluing it through sarcasm.
I think the single most insulting thing of all is that D&amp;D said season 8 was filmed to have more 'Character Moments' vs 'Story Moments'. Little did we know that actually meant throwing out the story entirely...like having Bron show up with his crossbow and put his feet on the table like a comic villain and demand a kingdom. Curse you DD.
Only things I remember from that movie 1. Everyone sweating a lot. 2. Bodies without skin hanging.
It was? He basically countered her insane viewpoint on their relationship and her status based on her looks and told it back to her plain. Sure, it was fighting fire with fire, but it was appropriate to the situation, especially with her wildly inappropriate viewpoint and assumption on what she 'deserves'.
You really shouldn’t but I can see why this might be an instance where a strong reaction just happens.
Accessory lifts, to me, are more about keeping the supporting muscles and the weak areas 'in shape' so that they aren't overtaxed or more prone to injury when lifting heavy on my primary lifts. It's always good to keep the weak areas nice and healthy.
Sometimes daily, sometimes weekly, sometimes a bit over a week. I got my CPAP more for snoring and not annoying my partner vs being tired. From that angle, it worked from day one haha. That being said, I found my exhaustion was tied to low testosterone. I got on replacement therapy and feel much better and more energetic.
Because the flaw in the design was fairly obvious, even for a layman's understanding. If you google an explanation of how it works and why it's risky, it's pretty obvious to see that they knew they were doing something that exposed data to risk to try to get more performance.
I feel like Aus, UK and US have similar views on men and what they 'should' be. They all come from the same source (UK), so it's no surprise, I guess. Stiff upper lip, work and don't complain, have no needs and take care of your family. The End.
Becoming? I bought some shampoo 10 years ago and got shipped a profit with a similar label but a different actual product. This has always been a huge problem.
Perceived Personality - Introspective/Insightful - Outgoing - Easy going/kind - Quick wit and funny observations - Patient Iternal/Real Personality - Lifelong deperession. - Atheist/what is the point of anything, there is no point. Being alive is just being alive until it ends, hard to not despair. - Feel like I don't fit in with anyone or relate to anyone. - Feel awkward in my skin. If someone told me I was an alien put here by accident, I'd believe them and realize that things finally make sense. In the end though, I guess my identity is to try to be kind to people, help even if I don't want to and try to listen and support people.
I live in Mpls, I think they pushed things up a bit to get people to focus on something else other than our city exploding over the past few weeks.
Good luck! Nice thing with any previous gains is it is a fairly quick path to your old near-max. Plus giving your body a break isn't a bad thing, here and there.
I hear ya, I wouldn't want to commute in that instance either, don't blame you one bit...
I'd flip that a bit for myself. I have a corporate job I don't love or hate, it pays the bills (very well) but also lets me do many other things I like to do (i.e. travel). Doing what you love is a rare treat and is often more for people with a parental safety net or folks that already have a lot of money. Every person I know who is living their dream selling hand made goods in Joshua Tree has a dad who is a banker back home, footing the bills. That being said, if you have skill and a work ethic, you can definitely make a run at owning a business. Hell, my partner of 5 years has her own business (but also loves/hates it all at the same time).
Oh, we have...do what you love and you'll never work a day in your life. What it really means is 'do what you love and learn to hate what you love when you have to tie it to money and survival.'
The weird thing is that my lats were bigger when I did deadlifts than any pullup program I had. When I went 4 months without a gym and was able to focus on pull ups, my overall back size went down quite a bit, in all areas.
Sure, my partner has a business. She is extremely smart and good at it. Here is the BS parts - Dealing with hiring/firing employees - Dealing with numbers and finances and not focusing on the work she is good at. - Dealing with an office space. - Dealing with benefits. - Dealing with complicated taxes. - Dealing with customers overstepping their boundaries into 'friendship' instead of just clients. Feeling like you have to be friendly with them as they pay you. - Economic turns are often more complicated for small business owner. She is doing well, but companies are not spending much money now and its a lot of strain. - Feeling the pressure of other people relying on you for their income and livelihood. Believe it or not, a lot of small business owners do care about their employees and do stress about people losing their jobs. You have a lot of weight on your shoulders, no doubt.
The biggest problem is it peaks in the first few minutes. The intro/beginning is absolutely awesome and amazing. The rest of the movie severely under-delivers when they start out so strong.
Most likely, I think the onus for proving damages is much less than a criminal trial, so just seeing her face alone may be enough to get the settlement (I'd much rather have my eye than a chunk of change, myself).
It does not, according to MS philosophy, they don't want it auto removed as it's an object that is owned by the calendar it resides on, not the person leaving/terminated.
Wow, Gimlet was bought for 230 million, that's wild. It seemed like a crazy experiment that would never actually work out. Glad to see them make some money out of it. Then again, many of their personalities are ex NPR folks that trained and paid by our tax dollars, where is our cut : P
Some people are just better than the rest of us.
She is saying the words but not doing the actions. It’s pretty clear that she is still mad about it and is only agreeing with you because of counseling and your serious confrontation of the issues. Good for you for standing up for yourself in the kitchen to show her that you’re serious. You work with people in emotional situations and it stands to reason that you’re an emotionally aware person and I’m just not sure she is quite at your level. Hopefully counseling helps, but if a hobby is causing this much tension, imagine being married and having kids and compromising there. Best of luck, keep on your toes.
Reddit generally assumes men and women are exactly the same on all levels and that men never have romantic interest in friendships, even though life constantly contradicts that over and over again. I think it’s due to the age of a lot of Reddit, young people tend to be more idealistic and lack the experience to change that viewpoint.
This is like parents paying for college. When you get “free” help, you sure as hell pay in one way or another, you’ve definitely paid a hefty price for the remodel over the past year. It sounds like you have some solid advice in this thread, just keep it in mind next time there is “free” help on the table, good luck!
Would it be safe to say that the quality of metal and materials also played into it? I imagine a portable rifle was prone to explode when cast from poorly made metals?
For sure! I had no idea that I could bench a good amount for my size (250+ max) but I could barely do 12 pushups. It was also a lot of fun really developing my shoulders in every motion (up/down/push/pull/back/front) and seeing some definition I haven't seen before as well as removing any lingering soreness I had. P90x is hard and it isn't perfect, but I think it is a great routine for muscle balance and risk avoidance. Hell, I even use the warmups as part of my 'regular' gym routine, as they're so good at reducing injury risk.
There is a good book called 'The Left Hand of Darkness' that explores a society where men and women can both have children and how that impacts society and their planet. It's really worth a read! One thing about being a parent that I didn't come to realize was...a lot of people are shitty parents. The only way I would have a kid is if I could give them a good life and be the good parent I would want to be. It never really struck me that people have kids just to carry on their own legacy or just to have something to boss around and control. Just blows my mind.
Not really as the pension pays out way more than they put in. If our 401k payed out double through our employer, I could see rescinding the employer match if you are convicted of a felony related to your work.
Perhaps, but as long as we have the ability to pollinate, we could get by without any other animal (other than bacteria and microbes that break down matter).
Yep, only do during the morning now.
&gt; kid-friendly horror like Gremlins (1&amp;2), Ah yes, growing up in the 80s where a movie with a creature being put in a blender and blended into jelly is 'kid appropriate'.
I put on my 'freshman 15' plus another 15 or so. I then started getting really into going to the gym and tracking my weight loss. I remember ephedra was really popular at the time and made it easier to lose weight. I'm an addictive personality type, so I often dive all in and have to have all or nothing. I honestly didn't realize how bad it was until I saw a picture of me where my chest looked a little concaved/ultra skinny. At that point...I'm not sure how I changed it. I was just able to see the problem and adjusted my diet. I'm almost 40 now and am still in relatively good shape, especially for my age. I just found some way to not care about weight obsessing anymore. I have no clue how I did it, but I just decided it wasn't the path for me.
I do pretty well socially but just am not that interested in being social most of the time. I think it's mainly because I am too aware and work hard to make sure everyone is having fun and are engaged, which just tends to drain me. I don't think I'd even want to change or 'fix' this and be more selfish, so not sure what the resolution would be.
I look at my nice salary paycheck, my nice home, my comfortable life and my vacation photos and then I suck it up and keep on clicking buttons. Also, working from home, you're not alone. A lot of people are doing bare minimum and easily getting away with it.
I feel like that works just as well with hobbies vs what you do for business. Almost everyone retires at some point and a hobby/skill can last a lifetime.
Sometimes not everything is about your kids and your feelings. He is very troubled about this and he should talk to his children about it. If your parents felt this way and you had really great parents growing up, would you want them to bottle it up and drop it or give them the ability to share tough emotions with you, just like you did with them for your entire life? Parents aren't robots. This guy sounds like he has been a great parent to his children and he deserves to be heard.
haha, I think people have had some success, but this is probably a terrible example of what WFH efficiency looks like. People have kids around all day and things are hectic. That being said, no commute for many folks = 2 hours of additional work the business is getting. Even if people do less, an extra two hours probably helps.
I'm seeing just a tad of Kathy Bates child headshot.
Haha, well, don't feel too bad, I didn't even take my first vacation until my early to mid 30s. We never went anywhere as kids and I never really had any money until my mid 30s (partly due to not having kids).
Not that I ever found. TRT makes sex feel better, at least, but I've never had any luck turning myself into some sexual monster or anything.
&gt; Probably you dont live in a 3rd world country, because trully talking: there is no difference between China Empire and USA Empire when both of them will whip our backs in the same way. Absolutely, I think you see a lot of the same type of thought in BLM right now. Why should a black person vote for Biden when life seems just as bad under Trump? When you're marginalized and mistreated, why should you try to support one set of bad leadership for another? That being said, I'd like to think, even if I wasn't from the Europe or the US, I'd want to support a more freedom and rights based government over a Chinese style government.
I think people are bored. Now that restrictions are lifting, there is a lot more to do and that may change things.
To have them build the devices for them, not take the technology illegally and use it for their own purpose.
I guarantee when Apple signs a deal with a factory, there is strong language around intellectual property and ownership. It’s definitely stealing. That being said, China is the smart one who made it so cheap to build there that greedy companies couldn’t resist the cheap labor, even at the risk of IP loss. It’s really a long term absolutely brilliant plan that China has executed. That can’t be denied.
It's not a conspiracy theory. Using the term 'racism' to support whatever viewpoint you hold dear is not an actual argument, my dude. Have a nice life.
I think the second container is a bit hard to spot in the picture. I guess it's bad but maybe not quite as terrible, considering.
&gt; He did the same thing when I told him (very calmly) my grandparents' nursing home was on lockdown because the surrounding area was being looted--stormed out of my apartment, saying he couldn't deal with the vibes. Any time you even broach slightly into emotional needs or anything greater than 'easy', he is out the door. He is showing that he wants sex and easy companionship only. Anything that requires empathy from him or any emotional labor at all, is off the table. &gt; I've been hooking up with a 36(M) for 2 years on and off (I'm 26(F)), very hot/cold on his end. He asked to be with me, I declined because he was a mess, but said I'd be happy to hook up. This was in February. It's hard to know if he wanted to make it into a relationship to lock you down for further sex or if he wanted a relationship and now is acting childish as payback for you rejecting him earlier. Edit: Sorry, I keep seeing this /r/askwomenadvice in my main feed and just start posting replies. I am not a woman but I hope my advice might offer some perspective anyway. Good luck.
I just mentally dissassociate what I'm feeling from what I'm saying and what is being said to me. I don't know how I do it. I think it's a skill they just teach you as you grow older as a man in America. Crying = weak and womanly. Having emotion is weak and womanly. So you find a way to not be that way. Yey America.
A guy who recorded each attempt over and over and over again until a mix of luck and skill allowed him to get the right capture. This stuff is impressive but it’s not like anyone is taking an attempt or two and pulling off the impressive. This is just brute forcing until everything lines up right.
5/8th and 29g for quads for years, works just fine.
With women, often times having a friendship/slow intro can help build a relationship. For a lot of guys, it does the exact opposite. If they don't want a relationship with you out of the gate, it's unlikely that they'll want one later.
Sure, lets start with you first and we'll all be sure to hop in line after, promise.
Well, he was a different person at the time, as well. His wife probably liked the high-earner 'big motivation' guy who would bring home big paychecks and allow her the life she wanted to live. He changed his mind and decided that personal happiness for him was a lot more important than the paycheck, she disagreed (and honestly was reaping most of the benefit from all his pain and overwork). I wouldn't say she has any moral highground, that's for sure, but the status quo did change quite a bit and some people can't roll with that. It's interesting to see how quickly those marriage vows fall apart when someone doesn't like something.
If anyone ever wonders why teenagers feel so uncomfortable and anxious, just show them this pic. This says it all.
I hope no grant payed much for the research in this paper. I know part of science is proving out assumptions, but this is about as obvious as it gets.
Are you saying parents starting at 35/40 were as common in the 90s as they are now? That's simply...not true in any way shape or form.
Thanks!
She was interested but that sounded like too much for me to handle, honestly.
These are all very interesting points worth talking about, thanks!!
&gt; If you do not want your own children, why do you want someone else's? Because a lot of people are interested in having their own kids as piece of their family heritage and legacy. Neither of us have any interest in that...but we do care about people and a child that needs adoption is a person already existing in the world that needs help. &gt; Children who cannot live with their parents due to death, illness, addiction, or abuse are not luxury items for you to enrich your life with. The way you phrase it makes it sound bad, but...they kinda are? There is no reason adopting a kid can't give you enrichment and purpose as well as helping a child live a 'good' life with love and opportunity. &gt; Adoption, to an adoptee, is what happens after the worst thing imaginable happens. If you cannot see that perspective, please do not adopt. Your perspective has been so colored by your own experience, that I just don't know what to say to you.
2.25%?! Son of a....
I guess, get yourself into a relationship with an abusive gaslighter, is probably the most important thing to try. This movie is about relationship abuse and control and no one believing you...because the person everyone else sees, is the 'nice guy'. The person you see behind the scenes is the monster. The movie at the surface isn't some great piece of horror. It's how they craft an abusive relationship into a movie about an invisible man and expertly craft it together, is what makes this movie a cut above the rest. I'll use the term people hate, but Invisible Man is absolutely an elevated style of horror. Bland at surface level, but teeming with idea and craft just below.
That's fair enough and everyone should do what they're comfortable with. Also, botox doesn't really cover up imperfections, it just softens wrinkles and reduces the amount of new wrinkles that will be created (which is what most people care about, considering retinol is so popular). I would also note that the things you rub into your face ends up below your skin anyway. You inject botox, sure, but any product you apply to your face on a consistent basis seeps right through your skin into your body.
You're obviously being standoff-ish and not interested in learning anything or having any real dialogue. You've cemented yourself in your point and have zero interest in changing it, so I have no interest in engaging in a discussion with you about why the movie is a cut above the rest. The only thing I'd like to hear is what movies do a better job of subtly integrating emotional and physical abuse into a sci-fi/horror film? I can't think of any. Have a good life.
I always looked at botox as liking the way you look now and liking that to change slowly. I never looked at it like someone not liking their face. I have wrinkles, I don't mind having wrinkles, but it's nice to have them soften a bit and age gracefully. I think that's totally OK. Then again, I'm of the opinion if someone hates their nose, it's totally ok to get a nose job. If you got the short end of the stick when you were born, nothing wrong w/ taking matters into your own hands.
Absolutely, but I do find it strange that you attack me, then use grammatical style that is seen as aggressive online and then come back around and say it's ok for people to disagree (i.e. I'm the problem, not you). It's like Karen style logic played out on /r/horror.
&gt; But seriously, though - if someone takes something totally innocuous that I wrote, and turns it into an attack because of how I formatted it... that's on them. I guess we just have to agree to disagree on this one. The internet has it's own style guide and things like caps, exclamation points, italics etc come across differently than when used in more traditional areas (writing papers, emails at work, etc). Online sources say to avoid these, as it can and is seen as aggressive (which is pretty clear in the case of our discussion). You obviously choose how you wish to communicate, all I can do is provide guides and evidence to show what is recommended so things like this don't happen. If you're unwilling to learn or change based on how you prefer to do things, that is definitely on you, not the folks that abide by the different grammatical nature of conversation on the internet. It just reminds me when an older person says 'Oh, I didn't mean it, they're too sensitive' which basically disregards the other person and what they feel, which is not a great way to live or build relationships. I guess we each said what we need to say, have a good one...
No worries, thanks for being nice and understanding.
I think I had the opposite experience through life. A good haircut is worth paying for...but if you don't have much hair or just trim it down, it doesn't make a ton of sense to go in and have someone else do it.
Testosterone replacement therapy. I got on about...4-5 years ago? I inject myself a few times a week and it's made a big change in energy levels and overall mood.
Not really, there are people on TRT in their 20s. I started at 34 and am 38 now.
Absolutely. Being young, most folk's skin already looks good, because they're young. You could toss a bar of Irish Spring on the face and most of them would look pretty much the same as any products they use. 30s is when you really start to notice skin changes and when you really get an understanding of what products work and what doesn't.
It's tooooo identifying!
Thanks! Just bought tix for Sat, glad you gave the heads up.
Depends why you get a membership I guess. Do you get a membership to help support the zoo or do you get a membership to be able to take your kids at a much better value 30-40 times a year? For the former, they'd be happy to contribute a bit to be able to experience this. For the latter, they'll probably Karen it up and be annoyed.
My experience working in fortune 500 has been that executives take a cut. Regardless of their contract status, they willingly do so. Edit: First time I've been downvoted for noting my own experience. Let me return the favor for ya here...
Indeed!
I can imagine senior leadership is an 'old boys' club of the elites. Then again, having a senior director or president that knows a lot of wealthy people and has relationships with them, is worth more than a million dollar salary that they are paid.
I'd pretty much agree with that...that being said, a lot of these directors/presidents do bring in millions a year from their relationship with local wealthy elites. Not to mention people love the idea of some fancy director from New York coming to work at the MIA and up its cachet. The museum industry is a strange one and relationship matter heavily, when it comes to donations from the rich folks.
Certainly, it sounds like you know a lot more about it than I do, just thinking of the situations and where the money comes from in the donation sphere. I wonder how it goes at the Walker.
I live five minutes from work, I much prefer to go in and splice up the day and interact in person. As you say, everyone in Reddit seems to have bought a big house 2 hours from work, each way. If I had to commute 3-4 hours a day, I would have to go back. I literally can’t even believe people live like that.
I think some like the challenge. I saw a live showing of “The Magical Flute” where the actors had to act against a devil and other characters that were played on a giant screen behind them. Each of their movements and actions had to be memorized and perfectly timed to match what was happening behind them. It was amazing to watch and probably something the actors enjoyed crafting.
Is this a good or bad idea though? It gives the perception that Trump doesn’t have support in a hugely red state when the reality is that people trolled the event and booked tickets with no plan on joining. In the end, if makes Trump look less popular than he is, which could lead to voter apathy in November if people get the perception that he doesn’t have support and won’t win.
I mean, why is this such a big piece of controversy? People made fun of him having difficulty drinking a glass of water. So, he has a rally and drinks a glass of water and tosses the glass. If this was Obama, people would be eating it up. It’s only because it’s Trump that people make this out to be some sort of talking point/controversy. I hate Trump as much as the next guy, but at least pick on the guy for some of the dumb shit he does and not how he drank a glass of water, Jesus.
He makes great music for getting amped at the gym. He is stupid, he looks stupid, his lyrics are stupid, but the way he raps and how his beats hit, is kinda amazing.
I didn’t think anyone would upvote or read it so this makes me happy :)
I actually remember that band well and don’t listen to them anymore either. Then again, I’d put baby rape above anything six nine has done or been involved with.
Huh, I've never seen the episode or that show, so I'd be curious to see how it lined up. I really like his entire collection 'The Draco Tavern' where people across the galaxy come and tell short stories about experiences they've had or things they've heard about (for instance, what happens once a computer knows everything there is to know about everything).
I guess it all depends, I've ebbed and flowed throughout the years, but honestly never to such great extremes. I know the following work for me and other people 1. If you have kids, do you want them to see you die an early grave and not see them live their lives or have to have them live without a dad? At your size, an early death is nearly guaranteed. 2. Everything has to be built off habits. What do you like to eat? What are your weaknesses? Guess what, you need to get that stuff out of the house entirely. I keep zero good snacks around the house as I know I'll eat them all, especially before bed and especially with COVID boredom. 3. No fast food or pizza delivery. You can order out sometimes, but fast food has to be largely off the table. The calorie to satiation ratio is very askew. 4. Working out needs to be a routine. You don't have to hit a gym right away, just start with a 20-30 minute walk. Do not go out and buy an 'ab blaster core 3000 xxx' machine or something, it's a waste of money. Walk for 30 minutes, do a very light/easy workout video and go from there. A big mistake a lot of people make is going to hard too fast and burning out immediately. You don't start off with p90x at 290lb, you'll be so tired and sore you'll never want to workout again. 4. Perhaps get your testosterone levels checked. Mine were very low and I've been on replacement for 4 years and feel a lot more energetic in general. 5. Soda. No. Just No. Soda is probably the single worst contributor to diabetes and being overweight. Cutting soda alone is enough to drop a ton of weight. 6. If you must drink, drop the IPAs and get some vodka soda with a lime wedge or something. You don't have to give up everything you like, but you do need to change to lighter versions of it.
Yeah absolutely, we’re both empathetic but flawed people ourselves and would absolutely want to make sure we wanted to dedicate our entire adult life to someone else, that’s no small commitment.
It's also interesting to see the huge uptick in astrology and associated 'religion/spiritualism'. I'm atheist myself, but I can recognize that a lot of churches do a ton of outreach and support of various communities in need. Astrology is the religion of 'self', the entire structure is based on how you feel, your moods, your love life, your kids, your experiences and on no one else other than yourself. It's literally narcissism, the religion.
jeez...
I wonder when I'll get off my lazy butt and pay 99 cents a month to access an online paper resource that I actually want to read sometimes.
I'm going to say something I thought I would never say After a lifetime of Roman history, games, History of Rome podcast and other Rome media...I think I might finally be done with Rome.
Thanks! hmmm, was hoping for more information around insurance and the damaged buildings. As I understand it, insurance almost always has a clause against riots etc and to not pay out under those circumstances. If that's true, what is this legal aid going to help them with? I saw there was a note of being forced to be closed by the owners of the building, I could see the building owners being responsible for ongoing damages at that point, but it's all pretty unclear.
Ah ok, that makes more sense. I don’t even pay 20 a month for online only NYT, certainly not paying that for Star Trib.
3.80/week? Bleh, too much, no thanks. I'll stick with my NYT digital sub.
I’m pretty old so I played a lot of the original Rome Total War and also played a lot of Rome II
I always heard these movies being bagged on. I watched one of them and really loved the intro story where they bring back the girl from the club to the hotel room and what happens. A really creepy story that does very well on found footage.
Depends...if your levels are low enough and your doctor is educated, it can be and is for various folks. That being said, many people have to fight with their doctor and it's a whole difficult thing. I just use an online clinic (Defy) and it costs me an average of 200 dollars a month to do.
Interesting, I’ll check it out. I do kinda like just the general mystery of whatever the creature was though.
I think you're right OP, you have been lucky in your career. In IT especially, we see people asked to do too much, for too little with too little pay or reward. IT can pay really well and IT folks are valued highly at the right places. If your manager treats you poorly, if management doesn't want to make a good IT environment and if you don't get paid well...why stick around for people that don't care or respect you? Take interviews and go to a job that pays you your worth. I'm surprised anyone would ever post something like this. It's like being in an abusive relationship and asking people why they don't stick around and try to make it work by changing the abuser...because abusers don't change, that's kinda the point.
Sounds like a great setting to save money on your budget title. Everything is a repeat of events happening at noon in Costa Rica.
The best part is you get to have young parents in your life for a very long time! My dad was 40 when he had me, I can only imagine what it would be like if he was 56 now vs 80.
I'm going to play the side you might not want to hear as much. First, she definitely sounds bipolar and you probably realize that. Second, she probably put on the show during the last day to show you what you'd be missing for not giving into her craziness. You were making positive steps for change, you were setting boundaries and getting healthier. The final date was to show you how perfect she could be and how much you would miss her once she was gone. I think it's very likely it was a tactical date and not a spontaneous show of love and affection. It sounds demented, but that is how things are, sometimes. Good luck.
You're right, it was certainly cheaper, but we should also note other things we have that would seem unusual at the time - Multiple cars in a household. Often one per driver. - Electronics galore, multiple TVs, computers etc. - Vacations are much more common. It was a rarity for the everyday person to have any type of destination vacation. Now it's not uncommon for families to head of to disneyland every year or more. - Dining out is much more common and expenditure on entertainment in general is up by a large degree. That being said, if you follow the curve of the GDP of the country, this should all be achievable while still allowing the average person to afford a home. The big problem is all the extra money that is coming into the country largely ends up in the pockets of the top 1% (and the top 10% to a lesser degree). All that while the average worker's wages stagnate.
38, I'm on the fence. I want to want to want to have kids, I just don't (at least not my own biological children). If I can adopt a nice 18 year old who needs college money and will come be part of my family and visit and talk while I help them financially and emotionally, I'd be down with that...as to raising a little human...erghhh... I knew it wasn't for me when I was framing everything as a perfect life (healthy kid, social, motivated, no drugs, not a drunk, has a decent job when he gets older). The reality is there is a lot of kids who don't even talk to their parents or visit. There are kids who are born with severe issues that require a lifetime of treatment. I couldn't handle it.
I hate to say it...but you've kinda lost your mind if you think the US is corrupt compared to many other countries. We literally have a high trust rating and a currency valuation based on our ability to accept contracts and stick to the wording and pay off our debt. The US is the world bank because of the limited corruption. Of course there is corruption, especially with the current White House but it nowhere near aligns with what you see in many other countries, especially 3rd world ones, where you can literally buy police with a pittance. It's important to base perspectives on actual information and details rather than what you 'feel'. Going off your feelings leads to some dangerous places and is often what the right does to promote their agenda.
No there wasn't. The option to change your default browser didn't come along for quite some time.
Certainly, but most of Reddit is from the US and I'm making the assumption this is a US based post, considering the strong stance on the issue. &gt; Imagine if people defended surgically altering a natural feature of girls' genitals so that men will be more attracted to them once they're older. I'd argue that has different connotations, as women have been traditionally oppressed for all of history, particularly sexually. Men have not.
I never break out and I still have some stuff popping up. Bacteria loves moisture and heat. You can imagine what happens when you stick your face in a compressed area with a lot of both.
&gt; You presumably think that if women weren't oppressed, then it would be fine to surgically alter their bodies during infancy to make them more fuckable as adults. That's a logical fallacy, I didn't say that, just noted that it isn't the same because historically, men hold all the power in the world (including women's sexuality, for much of history). &gt; Sorry, but that's horrible and no amount of contextualization will change that. Next thing you'll be arguing how it's just as hurtful for a white person in America to experience racism as it is a black person whose people were enslaved for hundreds of years in the same country. Up your argument game sir, it needs some work.
You're still young, believe it or not. The body is amazingly resilient. If you give it time, it will heal.
&gt; On sunday, I had three rounds of socialising and was absolutely beat and frustrated by the end of it. I felt like I was sacrificing for other's people's social needs - and I'd really rather not have bothered. It's possible that you're finding out that a lot of people weren't really your real 'friends' in the first place and really just are focused on themselves and their lives. I consider myself a good conversationalist for one simple reason; I just ask people about themselves constantly, as that is all most people want to talk about. I think as we age, people become even more self involved, so socializing becomes more and more about them and less and less about leaning on each other. Look for those friends that ask you about your life and that you can have real conversations with. Those are the ones worth holding onto and continuing to talk to.
It's been so long that I honestly have zero clue if I'm more productive or less productive at this point.
Hah, that's a good one too.
You sound drunk...
Hopefully this is something he can absorb and understand. It's literally the conversation happening right now Equality vs Equity Treating everyone the same while they're from different circumstances that give them less or more is equal treatment but not equality. Equity is helping provide a place to get people on equal footing.
I disagree...from what I'm seeing, the top 10% of performers do 90% of the work, which is pretty much what I see at the office, as well.
There is always need for this type of stuff. Where are you, what order are you working on things, salary reviews, performance reviews, hiring/firing, keeping the team on-track. Middle managers aren't absolutely required, but they do help the wheels move along.
getting people to do things they don't want to do at a faster pace than they want is a thankless, but necessary job.
I mean, I know we want to make him feel better, but if he beat up the other guy to stop him, it would probably be less traumatizing as she would feel a greater sense of safety knowing that her boyfriend could protect her from threats. Let's not sugar coat the reality of her emotions. We need to put them out in front so they can be worked on.
They're not dumb, they had limited options and almost all of them end in some sort of failure. Some businesses just aren't going to survive if folks don't want their product anymore.
I would if I had to I guess. What I like - Sleeping more (my commute is only 5-10 minutes though). - Wearing what I want. - I drive to the gym over lunch. What I don't like - No breakup of the day. I like the natural flow of my day when I go into the office. - I kinda like dressing well and enjoy wearing blazers and jeans and looking pretty good. I just enjoy it, not sure why. - I like the office socializing (somewhat, at least). - I feel like I work more hours as it's easier to hop on and off. I feel like everyone is working more hours due to this. If I had a long commute, I would probably prefer to stay at home. Since I don't, I prefer to just go into the office most days. If I was a dad and had a nice suburban house an hour drive each way, I can see why people would much prefer to stay at home.
I think 2-3 days a week is a bad idea, either full time or mostly none of the time...as people will tend to save stuff they have to do for those 2-3 days (laundry, going to dr's appointments, having a contractor come by the house etc). It will easily start down the path of being viewed as less productive.
lmao, perhaps an aspiring middle manager! Just kidding, I'm a senior tech lead who is in the weeds with everyone else. It's actually one of the reasons I don't want to move up...middle managers are often some of the first to go, when cuts get going.
Well when it’s cloudy and rainy most of the year, everyone gets their ass to the beach when it’s actually nice out. It’s interesting how much the UK and the US align on policy and being generally resistant to working for the common good of everyone.
I know there is a strong push around anything injectible...but as we get older, regular skin care products just don't do what you need them to do, to help you age more gracefully. Some fillers would do you nice. I haven't had any, but I do get botox every 3 or 4 months and the results have been truly amazing. If I had to choose between botox and tossing everything but a sunscreen, I'd take botox every time. Edit: Also wanted to note the common argument around injecting stuff...people don't want chemicals inside their body. Don't people realize that your skin absorbs topical products? Who knows what the health factor is around some of the things we're putting on our skin and absorbing.
I went from a technical resource to manager in my mid 20s and back to technical resource in my late 20s. Management is for the dogs. I don't really have any great advice for you, some people thrive in management, some people hate it. Anyway, your problem sounds partially cultural around the business. It's normal for people to gossip and complain about their manager. I guess all I can offer is some basic advice - Weekly meetings with all employees where they get 30 minutes to talk about whatever they want. - Don't placate people if you can't actually help them. If they aren't getting a promotion and they want one, you need to be frank about that. You also need to give them a path to get there, if they really want it (get these certifications, take these specific actions etc). - Stop acting like a peer and act like their manager. You're in charge, you're the parent here. Be sure you're not giving platitudes and engaging in the bad behaviour, as this just enforces them to do it even more. Good luck.
Reminds me lot of the 'gangsta rap' era in the 90s which also had a lot of violence and misogyny. It's music about people doing what they want, taking retribution and acting however they want and f*** everyone else...mixed with amazing beats. It's hard not to get pumped up.
Sure, that would be a post event save, which is pretty common. Not saying it's not dumb, but it is expected that autosaves save after an 'event' in a game, not previous to the event happening. The logic is that the vast majority of time you want to save after completing an event action, not reload before the event happened so you can go back and play it differently for a specific type of playthrough. They're solving for the 95%, not the 5%. Edit: I see downvotes for this, would be curious to see what opinions are? This seems like a pretty 'normal' way to save and meets the vast majority of players needs.
I'm 6'3 220, hello fellow tall person. Anyway, my legs have been a constant problem all my life. Hell, it even hurts to bike these days at 38. I was big into lifting, squatting, all that fun stuff and it took a toll over the years. As I get older, my knees crackle like a fresh bowl of Rice Krispies. All that being said, I got them to a point where they're largely pain free. Here is what I do - Find leg workouts that work and don't cause your knees further pain. Strengthening the muscle around your knee is very key to reducing the strain on your actual knee. I do a ton of wall sits for leg day and that has helped a lot. - Focus on mobility and deep stretching of the legs. I do a hamstring lengthening routine a few days a week. It made a huge difference in how much pain I feel in my knees and how good my legs feel overall. It's surprising how much everything is interconnected. By lengthening my hamstrings, I was able to stand up straighter which also helped put less minor pressure on my knees.
Women tend to carry weight in their legs and upper leg area (butt, thighs etc) whereas men typically carry it around their belly. That being said, everyone is different based on body type. If your body is more of the pear shape, you're going to carry a bit more in the hips and butt as a guy.
huh, would have thought they'd also keep the one in Mall of America.
Haha, good point.
&gt; Even going back to Half Life there was exact state quicksave. It's less 'AAA' than the game design. I don't really think this is true, do you have any evidence to support that point at all? The less complex of the game the easier save states will be to create with real-time data. &gt; Some others do it because the engine only supports that and essentially retcon a reason for not having a modern quality of life feature like save anytime (or at least frequent autosaves). I think this is the larger state of the issue, complexity.
Certainly...so wouldn't you make it more akin to losing a segment of one or more of your toes vs your hands? &gt; Why do you think none of this applies to animals that use all four limbs for walking? I never did say that, I just said comparing it to losing knuckles on your fingers is not an appropriate comparison.
You can, but I'm saying it's not seen as 'acceptable' wheras it's still seen as manly enough to get wasted and talk about your feelings.
Some people argue our costs are so high because America develops the drugs, makes profit off our own people and sell at huge discount to the rest of the world. Americans are literally paying to help fund medication for the rest of the planet.
Do you have a script to set and import photos for users? I remember working at a place some years back where we did something like this http://blog.armgasys.com/?p=571 We just set the script to run every hour or two, so if someone found a workaround to uploading their picture, it just automatically reset it to the business 'preferred' picture within an hour or two.
&gt; In my experience women become the safe dumping ground for men's feelings. We are also the safe dumping ground for women's feelings. I've had this happen at work, the gym, a conference, random person on the street. Well, you're the one experiencing it so I have to trust that your experience is reflective of some other experiences by other women. I do find, as a guy, I've always gotten along better with women as they tend to talk about more 'life' stuff vs football, kids hockey teams and just general non emotional items. &gt; Men really need to learn how to talk to other men, or how to emotionally support women. With both sexes only getting emotional support from women, something is going to break. As a man, I literally feel all I do is emotionally support my partner with very little the other way around. Often, I feel if I am emotionally needy, it's actually more work later as I have to react to my partners reaction to me having actual feelings and emotional needs. I think that is commonplace among men.
Chauvin will be found guilty. The other three will be not guilty, as they should be. No jury in the country would convict them for another officers actions, especially for how junior two of them are and especially considering one of them spoke up multiple times. There is no crime to commit them on. I think they made a big mistake charging them in the first place as there will be unrest when they have to let them go free without charges. Honestly, I think we will find that they even get their jobs back for being wrongly terminated.
I know but it seems when the pain started the cracking started, even though it doesn’t necessarily hurt when it crackles anymore.
He’s not going to the wall ya turkey. He is going north of the wall to be with the outcasts of society...the one people he truly feels a past of. Complain about whatever you want, but John leaving to be alone and with other bastards is literally a perfect arc for him.
That is the bad plot device (Greyworms even being alive or letting Jon go). Johns story arc is the good plot device that fits his ending perfectly.
Will somebody please think of the children, the children!
Absolutely, we must think of the children and the incredible risks.
I have a group of guy friends but honestly I don't care to burden them with my issues. I think therapy becomes the close friend for adults. Everyone has their own things going on and to ask a friend to take your burdens on their plate can be difficult. So...I just talk to and work with a therapist while saving most of my friendships for lighter things and more fun things, where possible.
Me too, it's basically acting while pretending to not be acting. So much of YouTube content is people overreacting. It's like that extremely annoying 8-11 year old boy age where you just act like a shrill monster and think it's hilarious...but adults doing it for money.
Sounds like she is a widow? My guess is she transferred her worry about the uncontrollable death of her previous partner onto her daughter. She needs to feel in control of the situation as she was so out of control of the other situation. I don't think this is all that uncommon, but something for a therapist vs something you could get her to see and resolve.
It's just another extension of cultural appropriation. It's a much lesser form of a white actor playing a minority character. This may not matter down the road, but as we're trying to build a more racially equal place, we need to focus on getting people into roles that represent their people and culture. Just think how much we've seen in the past 5 years around minorities and film. In the 90s, everyone was white. You might have a black 'friend' in a movie or a black guy getting killed in a horror movie, but there was near zero representation of non-white people in powerful roles in film. While it might not seem like a big deal, this creates an imbalance in how minorities are viewed and how white people are viewed as the saviors of all people in every situation.
Certainly, but I do think changing the media and what people 'see' from PoC in film and entertainment is extremely important. So much of the US and the world get's subtle information around race from the media they consume. By having PoC and minorities in 'traditional' white roles, we reset expectations of who PoC are and what they can do. Stories are some of the most important things we tell. Having PoC in the backseat for all of cinema history creates an impression that soaks to the core of our national identity and racism. I don't think we give enough credit to media for shaping our values and perspective on race, relationships and everything else around human identity.
Unhappy by pointing out how people take the fun out of everything? Sounds like you're the unhappy one haha.
It kinda sounds like you actually do love it and it is an amazing job with some downsides?
I love the 78 version...other than historical importance of the first, I prefer the 78 version overall. Absolutely love it (and I tend to not care for movies older than the 80s).
Bummer, I absolutely love Red Savoy. I ordered from the one in NE about once every 3 months and the delivery driver always recognized me, was a real nice guy. I could tell they were doing 'so-so' and it often wasn't busy in their location, so they may have been struggling a bit this whole time. The area has really grown over the past 20 years, but my guess is that rents have also sharply increased and made things more difficult. The bar scene also has so many more options, that it's probably a bit tougher to run an older school place.
&gt; Goddamn it, first the original Reds ( the one I grew up with and close to one of my jobs) closes, then the uptown one (close to my other job) closes, now the NE one ( close to my house) closes. Ah yes, how could we forget the historic Minnesota pizza location where a state representative was caught with a hooker in the parking lot? Piece of our history right there!
&gt; You didn’t personally do anything to me...because I’m not controlled by emotions. Nor do I project emotions onto others. Yes you are, we all are...unless...you're a sentient computer intelligence? Data?
Think you just have naturally big nips my dawg.
Basically because lakes are public property and access to the lakes is desirable for all people in the state and local communities. Those parkways are not only paid for by local residents. Care for the lake is not only paid for by local residents and upkeep of the grounds and everything else is a shared expense. It's like when rural Colorado communities were asking to have trails closed to people outside of their towns...the answer is simply 'no' unless those areas alone want to take on all the expense of maintenance. If you take the several miles of parkway and cut up that cost, I promise you, it's not going to be small.
&gt; Local residents are already the only ones paying to maintain the parkways in terms of local meaning Minneapolis. I live in NE Minneapolis, I pay my part to use the parkway and access the lake...so...can you explain to me why I should pay to not have access and create a very expensive bike path for people that live close to the lake? &gt; It would make sense to close (or restrict access) parts of the parkway as a cost cutting measure for the community as the wear and tear from vehicles is far greater than people walking/biking on the road. Car wear and tear is minimal, almost all wear and tear comes from heavier vehicles and weather changes.
&gt; No it's not because the parkways were still open for everyone to use. They just couldn't use them while in a car. That being said, can you tell me what proportion of the lakes' upkeep is paid for by people outside the twin cities? It's got to be almost nothing, right? I guess that's a pretty fair point, but it still limits the ability of people who don't live around the area to access the resource, which is more of the point I was trying to make. &gt; That being said, can you tell me what proportion of the lakes' upkeep is paid for by people outside the twin cities? It's got to be almost nothing, right? No, you're right, it is minimal but Minneapolis is a very large and spread out city. The parkway helps provide access for people who don't live close while also keeping people from cutting through local neighborhoods constantly while getting to and around the lake.
Always found eye moisturizer to be a fools errand, unfortunately.
I actually love the idea of a huge parkway around the lake where people can walk, bike, hang out and enjoy. The problem is 1. Who is going to pay for it? 2. How the heck are people going to get to the lake and park? 3. How do people get around the lake to their neighborhood if they can't use the parkway? I don't even mind absorbing the cost honestly, but we can't expect to just force local neighborhoods to ingest even more traffic than they already do (not to mention they actually do have to pay for their own roads, directly). &gt; It would be met with contempt and derision. Not every amenity needs to have direct automobile access. Ones in the heart of the city do, unfortunately.
No worries, have a good one...
Didn't realize that was an option...wonder if I can do that for Exchange Online.
&gt; Right. It was a cowardly way of subverting the will of park users in order to avoid alienating a vocal minority of people who want to drive through parks. Is that true or not? I can see that for some lakes, but the Sunday drive isn't really a thing anymore, I assume people are using these 'drives' to get between point A and point B or to park to go to the lake?
&gt; It's an entitlement thing. They think you're there to serve them, not to maintain the network. That's very surprising to me. I'm 39 myself and can't recall ever seeing caps or italics or double spaces used by anyone younger than me...but I can recall many times where the opposite is true, from coworkers to other general people I work with. Nextdoor is a perfect example. You can easily see who the older generation is and those are the folks using the wild punctuation and caps.
With all the antifa talk, I would have actually expected to ever see an 'antifa' in the wild.
