Yeah, shapeshifter probably isn't good for anything except as a novelty build, but that's part of the appeal. Hope you enjoy it!
Unfortunately I haven't but there's a great [tabletop episode](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Y-61i3R5y9Y ) where they play it with one of the designers. Hopefully that'll help.
If I play a dalish I'll go to the brecilian forest first, a mage will go to the circle first, and if I'm playing a rouge I'll often go to Denerim first to pick up duelling. An Andrastian warden will pick up the ashes quickly while a skeptical one might wait for the mages to try their best first. I try to mix things up a little so it doesn't get too repetitive.
At least half the reason I was so willing to forgive Loghain during my first playthrough was Kain's voice.
What baffles me is how many people talk about how evil and immoral the circles are while at the same time blaming Isolde for not wanting to send Conner there. I think she's unfairly judged.
Yeah I'm not a fan of Sera but Anders is literally possessed by a demon so I wouldn't call him grounded.
I had the same experience with orgins. The companions I didn't like I was able to appreciate by roleplaying the warden.
As someone who's only been playing the games for a couple of years, I was surprised that Nancy sounded like a middle-aged chain smoker. Not to say Lani isn't great VA, but I think it makes perfect sense that they wanted someone who sounds more like a teenager.
After what we've seen lately I have a hard time disbelieving what the HER employee said.
And at least in GTH they left it open so there was some mystique to the story. In MID they managed to kill any and all suspense before they even built it up.
I'm sad they got rid of the phone hint system. Maybe it doesn't make perfect sense that your friends know exactly what's going on and what you need to do, but the UI hints were so immersion breaking.
I never lost that feeling of being led around except when I was handing out pancakes or placing pumpkins. The lack of interaction probably bothered me the most. It was like the game was playing itself and just needed me to click through the next dialogue string.
Nice work! How did you manage to get the gingerbread varg on the raft?
Same. I didn't enjoy MID but I hope it's doing as well as possible so they have a chance to make improvements in the next game.
Yeah, this. I still play TS2 but that's because I haven't felt that the new games have been as good. I was really excited about TS4 until late in development when the iffy things started to come out, and I wish more than anything that TS5 would get the love and attention that TS2's development did.
I'm starting to wonder if they're going to move on from TS4 at all or sit on that for another five years. :/ I'll be happy to play TS2 for the rest of my life, but would also really, really like to have a game worth leaving TS2 over.
Well you're still free to use cheats. Why stop others from a more enjoyable and immersive gameplay if you're going to cheat anyway? TS1 was *really* difficult but you could cheat as much as you wanted.
Haha, from what little I've played of TS4 multitasking is the worst, most annoying thing ever. Buildmode makes me very envious, though.
I'm always surprised when I hear that. i guess it's more of a stylistic thing? The TS4 textures and meshes being so much lower definition always sticks out to me.
Well the Witcher is based on a book series so there's one notable difference. The netflix show has nothing to do with the game. I don't know if dragon age would work well, honestly.
I agree with many of your points but the right of annulment is there specifically for when things go apeshit. It's the equivalent of the government nuking racoon city to stop a zombie infestation.
You left out Morrigan. They start off rocky but I'd say that's about the healthiest, most stable relationship we have in canon.
Yes. The fun in the games for me is not looking up solutions and making the game last as long as possible. I always play on senior and if I get stuck I either take a break from the game or see if I can solve the issue on jr before going back to the senior save. There are times that I get frustrated to the point of looking something up (like those freggin' light bulbs in DAN, that wasn't even a puzzle!) but the fun for me is the feeling you get when you get over a really difficult challenge. My hang-up in ICE that I had to look up was how to decode the journal. I did get pretty far without it but I really suck at figuring out stuff the game apparently thinks are apparent. GTH was one of the first games I played and I could not figure out that "w,l" meant "word, letter" for the gravestone puzzle either. I'm still embarrassed about that one 😂 As for tips, I suggest patience. I took several days off CUR when I got stuck but I'm still proud that I solved it. Usually sleeping on it helps.
User name checks out.
The library where the majority of books are translated from some other language? You'd be better off going to a museum.
This is largely due to him going about judging everyone else for their appearance, though. I doubt anyone would care much about his weight if he hadn't gone about calling women miss piggy etc.
Contadiction - spot the liar. The gameplay isn't like Nancy Drew but the mystery solving aspect is. It's the best detective game I've ever played.
I liked that they left the ending of GTH open. Nancy thinks it's the gas but after everything you've seen you might think differently. In MID they just kept hammering the "ghosts aren't real" aspect over your head which is another reason it failed to be scary. I found GTH much more scary because it built up suspense rather than using jump scares every time.
It might just be that you had a hobby-related chance card. The hobby chance cards are a bit messed up. If there isn't another sim in the right career to bring home, the hobby chance card will pick any ol' sim. I've had sims bring home the paper girl, though I've never seen a child before. 😂
I'm starting to see why the maxis team had such a hard time with the pets pack...
Too real.
Well I can't speak for the others but I play TS2.
Imagine if those pizza delivery people got married.
Oh I know, I was making a tasteless joke about how ts2 is more fun to play.
Just because a system can be abused doesn't mean it's inherently bad. That fact that there's an added level of bureaucracy that says the templars are supposed to get permission from the chantry before massacring a circle on their own discretion is already there as a precaution. Revising the conditions for when an annulment is granted would be far more helpful.
That's nice to hear. I'm a Willow main myself but I play solo.
Does anyone in Finland even use gas?
You can get the bow by just not finding Velenna, the old blacksmith's daughter. He'll hang himself and the new one will move in. Still pretty sad but at least you don't have to kill the whole down :D
Well Hawke runs out on him so it's possible Fenris would go off and do his own thing for a while even if he is romanced. It depends on how they deal with Hawke possibly being lost in the fade, but I could see it happening.
I agree with this. He's so distrusting that it's hard to imagine he'd be pulled along just because Solas or his agents are potentially giving him something he wants.
Oh he's gorgeous! Looks a little like my kitty three years ago.
I don't think you can, but since there aren't really any dialogue options in the game I don't know if it matters. As far as I saw you usually just have to ask everything to move things along and we don't get to pick between different options like in the old games.
I haven't had any problems with the games from steam, including those two, so I'd try some more problem solving before resigning yourself to buying the games again. Does steam have any customer service, or has anyone else had similar problems?
Yes, I'm on Win10, but CRY I've installed and played both on Win10 and Win7. That's a very odd problem you're having. I saw you tried turning off your antivirus program too. Have you tried turning off the antivirus while you reinstall, maybe in another directory? And running the .exe as admin in compatibility mode with older versions of windows?
You were playing an entirely different game XD
Honestly I'd suggest trying to get your hands on the digital version. The discs are more likely to cause trouble with modern computers in my experience, at least that's why I moved over to the ultimate collection on win10. I wish they'd just patch TS1 and TS2 and release them properly.
I agree. Number inflation is a common plague in RPG games and wherever numbers are present nowadays. I didn't even remember there were numbers in DAI whereas I follow every hit my archer makes in DAO.
They start a friends with benefits kind of relationship in the third act if neither of them are romanced. Isabela has a similar background of sexual abuse as Fenris so she has more insight than any of the other characters in that matter.
Not so much accidentally awesome, but during my first playthrough I'd made plans to do the great sacrifice after I'd placed Alistair on the throne with Anora. I was less than pleased when he stole my glorious death from under me. It took me years to replay the game and when I did I got the mod that allows you to knock out Alistair during the last fight. I've never felt more satisfied than when he cradled my dead warden's body in his arms.
I'm really surprised about Merrill! I don't think I've seen a single post about her since I started visiting this sub.
I'm hoping we'll focus on anything else than elves. I'm feeling pretty full-up after DAI.
They seem less scary after you realize it's the bird from hamlet that lifts its skirt up and runs away.
Warrior. Like you said, running around kirkwall as a mage stretches my suspension of disbelief a little too much, and having Bethany as a mage/in the circle raises the stakes better than being a mage yourself, imo. Also 2h warrior is ridiculously fun to play. The only reason I ever play mage is for Carver.
I'll take DAO archer over DAI any day. It's challenging and requires more forethought than pressing R. The DAI combat on PC was really bad.
I like her. I think it's a pity we haven't really had a mentor-type follower since.
I agree with others that have said city elf. The city elf origin is better if you play female, though.
You can flirt with others if you're romancing Fenris but if you have sex with someone else before him it can break off his romance. I'm pretty sure it's a bug.
For me scatter shot is a lot more satisfying, or taking out a mage from stealth with arrow of slaying, or interrupting a spellcaster with andraste's arrow before they can fuck over your party.
Sorry to say it but he's definitively canine. Have you seen him if you hand him back to Danarius?
Aveline and Isabela have their own thing whether Donnic is romanced or not. They're equally nasty to each other and both seem to enjoy it.
They're my favoruite relationship in the game, if you can call it that. It's so satisfying to see them grow closer and it took me completely off guard the first time.
It's an option she presents you with. It's not like she's holding back on saving you because she wants the OG baby, she can't do one without the other. And if she cares about you at that point she thinks you're an idiot for letting yourself die. If you have a disagreement with a follower I don't think it's wrong for them to leave. At least she doesn't try to kill you like most of the others and it's not like she breaks any oaths, unlike Alistair if you recruit Loghain.
If it's a betrayal it's one from you to Alistair. Morrigan isn't the one who pressures him into sleeping with her, you are. Morrigan can't save your life without the baby, she didn't come up with the rules for kicks and giggles. You're free to turn her down.
Morrigan isn't the one holding the gun to your head you know.
He's so fabulous though! I love how uncomfortable he gets if you flatter him during the Cousland opening. He almost looks ashamed for a second there. Not to mention he has one of the best death one-liners.
The DAI team spent way too much time on side quests rather than building up the story and the major players in the conflict.
I hope that's the case! I'd love to see more lore on revaers and dragon worship.
The entirety of Curse of Blackmoor manor soundtrack, I listen to that one just to relax. My favourite track from the entire series is the haunted saloon music from MHM though. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aGEsj5u8ZQU
Those islanders are very friendly. I love that game so much.
bad bot
He also has an awesome voice.
I think this is a poor example because Bhelen and Harrowmont's politics are unclear to the player. We hear conflicting reports from the dwarves we ask and it isn't until the end slides that you see what they actually do with their power and how it turns out. Either way people are just as likely to choose Harrowmont because he seems like a decent person who didn't murder his brothers and wasn't renounced by his father on his deathbed, regardless of his political stance.
It is kind of funny that that seems to be the canon explanation. I still don't get how Corypheus looked at that sorry fucker and thought "this is exactly what I need!"
Ooh, Awakening in the OC, that's a lot of fun. They're a little overpowered but if you don't enjoy micromanaging the game on higher difficulties anyway, I think you'll enjoy it. The Awakening specs are great and well worth playing in Origins just to get to enjoy them for longer. Arcane Warrior + Battle Mage will probably be ridiculously powerful depending on how you build it, but you can always bump up the difficulty if it's too easy. I'm planning on a dalish mage keeper build for my next run. I love how over the top the blood talents from Warden's Keep are, especially in combination with a blood mage or reaver spec. It's just a pity they weren't able to include proper responses to blood magic from your followers.
That's a great idea for backstory. I don't usually play mage but m!Amell is my canon run because of the connection to Hawke. I picked the 'cocky' voice and basically played him like a purple Hawke dudebro who thought he could do nothing wrong, but it turned out to be loads of fun.
The voice acting is origins isn't outdated. There are some amazing talents there like Tim Curry and Simon Templeman. Either way Origin's story is much better crafted than Inquisition's if story is what you're after. The combat is more tactical than fast-paced, but on the plus side fights won't drag on forever like they do in DAI.
Morrigan is one of my favourite characters but my f!Cousland was an Andrastian and threw her out of the party as soon as she could lol. I'm looking forward to experiencing the sisterly path on another playthrough. My f!Cousland also recruited Loghain and put a hardened romanced Alistair on the throne and that's my favourite playthrough so far. Very tragic but cathartic. Couslands put their duty first. She also turned down the ritual and either did the sacrifice herself or let Loghain do it. (I did both for separate saves)
It's a pity you'd miss out on the earlier installments if you only have a PS4. I think inquisition would be a lot more enjoyable if you know the events that led up to it. If you have a computer I'd suggest playing Origins first, it's so old it'd run on pretty much anything.
I don't even play games on my phone but I would if they uploaded the mini games.
Besides the constant hip-checking each other and pushing me onto tables when I'm trying to hold a conversation with someone? I did enjoy Varric strewing his sweets around during fights. Those thing just keep going out into the infinite if they don't hit the ground.
That's not how you're suppose to tap dat.
I can't say. I've gotten some of mine like Ser Isaac's armour through the keep but I've heard it's been down a lot lately. Try contacting Origin.
I loved that aspect of it! I played the entire game without finding the family tree in Jane's room so I had to do extensive research on the portraits and Nigel's novel to try to cobble together my own. I felt so immersed and it's been the best ND experience I've had to date.
I've only played the remastered version as an adult but it does have a sort of creepy vibe to it that you don't see in the other games, between the music and the coded messages and the fact that a kid was actually murdered.
I did the same thing! Saved after every hole and had no major trauma from the golf course. I was surprised by how much people hate that puzzle 😄
The ending is one of the best but that light bulb puzzle and the clam collecting did me in.
Saaame. I've read a lot more Hardy Boys then Nancy Drew and Frank always struck me as an irredeemably boring Gary Stu. Joe on the other hand is too precious for this world.
I think DOG is one of the worst ND games. All the puzzles are spoiled by the task list, the game is 60% walking around the forest, and the difference between the supposedly spooky nights and the chirpy forest music during the day is jarring. Personally I have to love Henry for living the Goth dream. He's got a spooky house, loads of money, and his own graveyard to cry in.
Anything but that cat from CLK. The rest were charming.
Hallelujah! Thanks for the link and thank goodness someone finally made a mod. The combat in DAI made me want to eat my keyboard rather than keep pressing R for a minute longer.
I liked sword&amp;board better than 2h because the latter was too slow for my taste. The damage tree in sword&amp;board like overpower and assault are also pretty satisfying. I played an m!Cousland reaver tank. He'd run afoul of that bug from character creation that gives you terrifyingly sharp cheekbones so I really enjoyed using the 'frightening appearance' skill.
DA2 is my favourite as well because of the smaller scale of the story and the intimacy between the characters. I really enjoyed a break from the "save the world" trope and just playing someone who wanted to keep their loved ones safe and often failed. It has its flaws but the good outstrips the bad, and the combat is the most fun in the series for me.
No, everyone who didn't vote are responsible for this fucker as well.
If you're struggling on normal, try it on easy. The combat in DAO is tactical so it can be difficult to get into. First and foremost I'd suggest you make sure Alistair is using defensive abilities if you have him set up as a tank. He should have shield defense or shield wall activated. Be sure to pick up defensive skills for him rather than offensive ones to start off. You'll also want to give him a decent amount of dex rather than focusing on constitution, it allows him to avoid attacks. The second priority should be mental resistance. Since Alistair is a templar he can pretty easily become nearly immune to magic spells as well. Make sure you've got your party tactics set up so they'll take health potions when their health is low, and you should stock up on lyrium potions so you can throw out heals in a pinch. Combine that with using taunt efficiently and making sure Alistair is in the enemy's line of sight first will make sure that the rest of your party isn't taking damage and you only have one target to heal. There's no reason for you to spend all your mana by starting out with big spells like tempest unless you're wading through the deep roads. You doing that also ensures the enemies will gang up on you rather than the tank. As for yourself, pick up mana clash so you can neutralize enemy casters. It's the cheesiest spell in the game. If you're struggling with how to tackle the combat, try watching some videos on youtube to see what seasoned players are doing. The game really isn't unreasonably hard, it just requires a different approach than action-oriented combat. Also mages are ridiculously overpowered in Origins so swap one of the dps out for Morrigan to start with.
You just need to direct the rogue to disarm traps, they won't do it automatically. If you're in a trap-heavy area, stop your party and control the rogue to take out the traps. Personally I wouldn't suggest switching to a 2h tank if you're already struggling with Alistair. 2h warriors are far more fragile.
Cleansing Aura from the spirit healer tree will heal injuries, but otherwise turn around and go buy more. Don't go into a fight with injured party members, it's a vicious cycle that will end up with you dying more and more. Make sure one of your party members has herbalism and they'll be able to craft injury kits for you. Having poison making on another follower so they can craft bombs and poisons should also help you out if you're struggling. Make sure you give your melee at least one skill in poison so they can coat their weapons. Which dungeon are you in at this point? They get pretty long so DAO requires you to be prepared before going in.
I'm team Orlesian!Warden as well. On my first and favourite playthrough I played a bard with a sloppy lop-sided bun and rage issues half by mistake. I liked to imagine him being kicked out of Orlais for being so unglamorous.
Or...just kind of enjoy it? It's fun switching between forms to take out enemies.
I played it last year for the first time and I didn't think it was bad at all. Is it the golf course that turns people off?
Well it's in 3D so there's definitively a change :) I'm surprised you haven't heard about it.
You got through the game 20 times without finding the frog book? How did you figure out the elemental symbols? CUR is my favourite as well and I love all the creepy little optional scenes you can get, like the scratches outside your door, the shadowy figure that drops the goggles and Mrs Drake leaving the amulet on Linda's door.
I can't argue with the engine and the graphics being terrible, but it's not a 15 year old game so people can't expect it to run on potatoes the way old games did. Macs just aren't optimized for gaming.
We seem to be in the minority!
That's fair enough, there was a lot of it.
Reminds me of the time the slacker conned me into marrying him into my Legacy. He said he had money!
All the stories games were so much fun! I wish they'd release more branch-off games like those again.
I actually love that one. It takes a while to get into but once you do there are so many fun little things in it. I put so many hours into it that it's probably my most played after TS2.
I love that kiss. They added a lot of cute interactions in AL. By the way there's a smooth edges bar in the settings that'll get rid of those jagged pixels for you.
Ok so you are in the deep roads. Things are going to get a lot hairier from there on so I suggest you head back and grab some more pots and prepare before you press on. The game won't force you to backtrack though the entire deep roads, it's enough just to get out of the zone you're in and to the map screen. As someone else pointed out, you need to buy recipes and crafting supplies from vendors, or just travel around and pick up whatever injury kits you can find.
Hunt when you have the chance and you should have more than enough along with monster meat from spiders and hounds.
I romanced Cassanda with an archer Trev and it was great. I felt very safe and protected.
I was disappointed when they announced she wasn't a bi romance option since the part where she gets flustered over Hawke duelling the Arishok was so cute. And pretty much everyone was hot in DA2.
The templar armour, of course! Alistair agrees. I love the shade of red on the skirt and they look much better than the later versions imo. The heavy plate armours like Cailean's and the dragonbone plate look good too, but other than that I'd consider most of them crimes on the eyes.
Is it wrong that I wish Inquisition was set up more like Awakening? I felt so invested in my keep and there are proper consequences in the endgame to everything you have and haven't done.
Not content so much as emotional investment, character archs, and a chance to get to know your LI in a way you can't if you just remain friends. You still get the whole story if you remain single. I always suggest playing the game another time as a male to romance Morrigan, though. She probably has the most fleshed-out romance in the series and it's really well done.
Me too! I'm a grown woman but I go back and look at pictures of my sims' extravagant weddings (and engagement parties) like they're actual people I give a shit about. Never in my life have I been tempted to look at real people's wedding pictures.
I tried to throw a wedding in ST3 and it felt like wrangling cats. Back to TS2 for me. It has good party AI and I rarely have problems even with 20+ guests.
When I started playing TS2 I used to leave ugly toddlers out on the lawn until the social worker collected them 😂
Do you have any cc installed?
That she probably left there! TS2 Nannies are evil.
My sims2 runs pretty perfectly on my Win10 but every now and then CAS will crash, especially if I've had it open for a long time. Not often, but it has happened a couple of times. Did it happen just the one time or is it a frequent problem?
Yeah the Sims in TS3 weren't very cute and the toddlers were the worst.
It definitively shows that TS2 had a lot of work put into it and it had that Will Wright magic touch. I hope the silence on TS5 means they're giving it a long development cycle unlike TS4. And especially that we'll be able to customize our neighbourhoods and gameplay again.
Is Alistair hardened? If you let him kill Loghain I think he takes over as king on his own. Doesn't explain why he's dying after you've done the ritual, though. Hope the mod works out.
I really, really hope they don't pick followers entirely from the extended universe. Inquisition was bad enough with introducing characters from the books and not giving them enough backstory in the game to make any sense. Games requiring tie-in materials is one of my pet peeves. Anyone who isn't trawling through the books and comics won't have any connection to those characters at all.
I wouldn't put anything past that guy. Even if the Russians don't have anything on him I can see him fucking over his own country just because he wants to.
Very weird when it looks worse than all those Jack London Disney movies from the 90s. The dog looked too fake to provoke any emotion.
I think his supposed "hatred" for mages is often blown out of proportion. He's distrustful of them but he also has respect for mages he considers strong enough to resist possession and blood magic. The fact that Anders and Merrill are the only two mages available for most of the game and that the game takes place in Kirkwall kind of skewers people's assessment of him.
That's what I like about the sims personally. No real-life "races" and no real-life racism.
Aaah, the good old dream boat from Hot Date. I wish we'd had more content from TS1 in the game.
I didn't notice anything when I loaded the game up this morning.
Yes. The others are definitively worth playing and in some cases considered better than Inquisition. Origins may be a bit dated but it has a great story, and Dragon Age 2 is a very intimate small-scale adventure where you're not the chosen one or saving the world for a change. You'll also appreciate DAI more when you have your own worldstate leading up to it and know the backstory of the characters. The most important installments story-wise are Origins, Awakening, Witch Hunt (dlc), DA2, and Legacy(dlc), but if you end up enjoying yourself I suggest you play them all.
Popularity sims! They're always afraid of making enemies but as soon as they do they want to beat them in fights.
My favourite hood! I just loved the drama so much. You couldn't take two steps onto a community lot without a fight breaking out.
It's because at the start of the game they're at a party at the Summerdreams'. I don't think it was supposed to be a general fashion statement.
I loved MySims! I wish they'd released the other games on PC.
Oh, it absolutely won't. I'm just sad about it.
Well thankfully there are still 32 games that are great (most of them) and they aren't going anywhere. It's kind of unprecedented for a game series to run that long and release two games a year while they're at it. We've been extremely lucky.
Am I the only one who enjoyed the god forsaken wolf and chicken game? I just played ICE for the first time as well. I went in not expecting much but absolutely loved it. One of the coziest games for sure! I was a little disappointed by Yanni being the culprit though. Warnings at Waverly is another good one to play in the winter.
Imagine your heard of geese like a swarm of locust descending upon Egypt. Slowly but inevitably. Basically just make sure you keep your herd together and you can slowly corner the fox.
Yeah it was kind of disenchanting that the answer to every lore question was "elves". Hope we get some more nuance in the next game.
Disband. I was never comfortable with a rogue militant cult having that much power over anything. I was just glad we finally had some actual accountability in Trespasser.
I got you! https://youtu.be/8sV5caWRj7U?t=770 Thanks for bringing back some fond memories :)
Mage is a good pick if you're new to the game. They're ridiculously overpowered and don't require the same kind of careful builds as some warrior and rogue specs do. Mana Clash neutralizes enemy casters which are the biggest threat in the game so that's the most important spell to have when you're new to the game. If you have several followers running away from enemies it sounds like you need to utilize the tank better. While it's possible to play origins without a tank the game is easiest with a classic party setup. When the enemy are focusing on a tank the rest of your party won't take as much damage. If you're using Alistair make sure he has defensive skills like Shield Defense or Shield Wall, and that he's using Taunt and not just Threaten. Have him run in first since the enemies engage the first character they see. Make sure you give him some dex after you've met your strength requirements so can evade attacks. Also kiting is the best strategy against ogres and other mini-bosses if you don't have CC skills yet. Just keep an eye on who the orge is chasing, switch to that character to run around, and let the others do ranged damage. I would also suggest going down to easy difficult while you're getting used to the combat in origins. Anything above easy requires you to pause in combat and control your party members so you can make sure everyone is using the right abilities as efficiently as possible, and that's easier once you have a better grasp of how the other classes and their skills work. Lastly, make sure someone picks up herbalism so you can make your own potions and injury kits, and don't be afraid to let your party use them when they need to.
I'd argue archery is better for follower rogues since they won't manouver behind enemies to backstab. Archers are also less likely to stand in the fire and die before they can do any damage. Leliana is great with a bow especially with a cunning build since she needs cunning for her bard skills anyway. She can also stun entire groups with Scatter Shot and debuff with Suppressing Fire. Sorry, archery is my favourite so I have to run to its defense :)
Exactly. There are countless stories in lore about untrained mages turning into abominations and slaughtering people. No matter how unfair life is for mages, and it is, that's not the kind of risk most people are willing to live with. People would absolutely be afraid because they have every reason to be. What is encouraging is that senior mages who had proven themselves in the circle were trusted to travel outside the circle and even live elsewhere as Wilhelm was. That's the kind of mage freedom I think is more realistic to shape public opinion on.
I'm just glad to see that DA2 nose again!
I always get Taunt for Alistair first since that's the most important one and then grab the defensive sustainables. The offensive shield skills are fun but you don't need them if you're struggling with keeping him alive. Keep him on aggressive or control him to have him run in first, and set his tactics to taunt when he's surrounded by two or more enemies. Usually I taunt myself though since the tactics are less intelligent than you are. If you have Morrigan with you you can also give her the heal spell as a backup. If you're planning on being the designated healer (not a bad idea at all) you can pick up Glyph of Warding and it'll help him deflect more damage. The glyph tree also has the very useful glyph of paralysis. Later on you can combine Glyph of Paralysis with Glyph of Repulsion to mass-paralyze. CC is a good way to buy yourself some time and not get overwhelmed Keep an eye out for potion recipes from merchants. Having a good stock of healing potions and injury kits will make life a lot easier, especially once you get into the longer dungeons.
I don't think Anders would do it, honestly. He already left the wardens and rejected them pretty thoroughly so why would he consent to going into the deep roads? He'd keep going down his road of mage rebellion to the end.
Ironically Corypheus was much more interesting and imposing in Legacy than he was in Inquisition, too. I wish we'd have gotten that last DLC, but then again I personally enjoyed Legacy more than the whole of Inquisition so I'm definitively biased.
Regardless what happens I just think he'd find some other way to die first that's in the benefit of his cause since both he and Justice are so single-minded about it.
It's like they're turning into face #1 in slow motion! Gen 5 already looks very pretty.
This has been the problem with TS4 the entire time: the base game. We pleaded with them to delay release so they could start off with something that wouldn't have the limitations to improve that we now have to deal with. I'm thrilled that they're making significant changes that will improve the gameplay experience for players, but part of this is that the game was based off an online game that deliberately had less features than the other installations. I just hope they don't make the same mistake with TS5.
Sims 2. The sims are more complicated and intelligent, the gameplay is filled with all kinds of fascinating details, and you can completely customize your game and neighborhood however you like. I stuck with sims 2 even during TS3, but I still think that was a great game despite its flaws (hello lag). TS4 I don't get at all. I just hope they'll put more effort into TS5 and don't base it off an online chat game.
That second picture needs to be framed! 🤣 I wish I had the patience to run a legacy but I always get bored since I'm used to playing many families. Maybe I could manage until they breed out the ugly if not for 10 whole generations
The magical shields and bubbles are the worst offender in Inquisition imo. It just creams scifi multiplayer and shouldn't be anywhere in an RPG. That's aside from the atrocious controls on PC, of course. I enjoy both DAO and DA2 for their combat though. DAO feels more grounded and you have so much freedom to customize. DA2 is more fast-paced but still allows for more use of tactics, strategy and the tactical camera which is like some blind, drunk ghost in DAI.
Can't do it. DA2 can only import one save so either it's your continued save for the warden spanning Origins and any DLC you've played after, or it's the Orlesian warden. If you try to import a dead warden to Awakening they'll miraculously be alive again.
Arranging things on my kitchen counter every night so my cat won't try (and fail) to jump on top of the cabinets and pull the entire kitchen down with him in the middle of the night.
I thought the comic wasn't out yet for a few days? I'm going to have to see if there's any chance to get my hands on it here. I did see the preview pages and hate the new haircut. It looks a lot like Dorian's so maybe he's really into what's fashionable in Tervinter for some reason. Either way Inquisition has turned me off shaved heads for good.
I'll have to check out the local comic book store. I live in Finland so what they get is pretty sporadic, but they're good about ordering stuff if you ask for anything. It would be nice to have a physical copy!
One can hope but I doubt it, unless time passes they tend to stick to one design. At least there will be mods if he turns up like that in-game!
What? The Song of Solomon is like the only part worth reading, it's beautiful.
Once I got the game up and running I haven't had any issues with any of the Win10 updates to date. Make sure you're running it as administrator and in compatibility mode as well. Have you double-checked to make sure the patch worked? Do you have any CC that could be causing trouble? [Here](https://pleasantsims.com/sims-2-windows-10/) are a few things you can try to make sure it's working as it should.
I'm not surprised that the only supposedly civilized country that still has the death penalty doesn't allow former convicts to vote.
She's not dangling something valued over anyone's head, she's incapable of saving your life without the baby even if she wants to. Sorry but it kind of rubs me the wrong way that people get so salty at Morrigan for trying to save your life the only way she knows how.
I love how Mama is just like "but where's the door thou?"
Every time you think you're seen the worst of TS2 nannies...
America has a special kind of Stupid Christianity though.
He's too sane. If the GoP is as corrupt as they seem to be they don't want anyone decent in office.
It wouldn't be possible. One of the criticisms we had during development was the the frostbite engine would be so difficult to mod in comparison to the previous games. Skyrim meanwhile is extremely customizable. It would be easier to re-create DAO in Skyrim.
I think Alistair makes it pretty clear he prefers being a warden. You have to harden him in order for him to actually consider taking the throne, and an unhardened Alistair will continue to push responsibility onto others even when he is king. Like the other's I'd leave him in the wardens if you haven't hardened him.
Some of the older ones are really tough, like Curse of Blackmoor Manor which is hands down one of the best games in the series so you should try it if you haven't. Legend of the Crystal Skull is a bit newer and also has some great puzzles.
Have fun? Make sure you don't skip Fenris or Isabela by mistake by not completing their quests in the first act.
Wait, how come Bess is the gay one instead of literal gay icon George?
I'm kind of in the same boat. I read Stolen Throne and thought it was a *terribly* written book. It infected my enjoyment of the games for a long time so I haven't touched another DA book since. A friend of mine did read The Masked Empire before we played Inquisition and said it was better written.
I'm sure your fatalism is warranted but doing nothing isn't going to help.
We are really overdoing it with the heating. My apartment building generally sits at 26c and I can't even turn it down. It's not always that bad but in general people get used to being too warm indoors.
Our best line of defense!
We all live on the same planet, it doesn't matter who's having kids where. Besides, if we look at ecological footprints our european babies do far more damage to the planet. And who knows what Africa would look like without European colonization and Christian indoctrination.
Accents or snootiness doesn't mean bad voice acting in my book. I'm not a fan of Sera as a character but I thought her VA was really good. I can't really think of any major characters that didn't have solid voice acting. Tallis is my least favourite but that's because she sounds so contemporary that she doesn't fit in with the rest.
This is actually one of my big gripes with DAO. The quest is the way it is because you could have happened to go to the mages first in which case it would be very quick to get help, or you can decide it's too risky to leave Connor and deal with the situation without help. If you have Jowan or Morrigan with you they will offer another solution. There should be clear consequences to leaving Connor alone for all the time while you're away dealing with the mages.
I was responding to the other commentator who seemed to think protecting the environment was less important than having more kids. In fact plenty of people nowadays seem to be pretty happy with not having children to the point where it's causing concern to some. Maybe the government should try some reverse psychology.
Haha. I'm glad it's not just me. I have Fenris saying "if I may" as my incoming message sound.
Some do it because they trust Morrigan, some because they want to save themselves, and some just because they want to see what'll happen.
It does more than not voting.
Iron Bull? The guy is ridiculously disproportionate between his tiny head and his bizarrely vast pecks and looks like he's been bathed in babyoil. I get that people are into a big guy with horns but I wouldn't call him fanservice.
I don't dislike all of them but they're definitively the weakest of the bunch. Most of them are just kind of boring. I'd have no trouble whittling down the ones I enjoyed spending time with into a single party.
Blackwall is universally adored? I thought people found him pretty forgettable. The most interesting thing about him is that he's wearing another beard under his beard. Solas is a condescending creep as far as I'm concerned and the thought of romancing him makes my skin crawl. That's my unpopular opinion I guess.
Still pretty loose to me but I guess it would have been better than "2"
Well I did write 'condescending' rather than 'bald' so make of that what you will.
That's very interesting! I hope they'll use her for some other character in the future, she has such a gorgeous voice.
Mine are mostly mod-based. I have one worldstate for a dalish mage warden who passes as a warrior due to the arcane warrior spec. It was initially an excuse for a nature magic build but I really enjoyed it. The second is the mod that allows you to knock out a romanced Alistair in the final battle so he can't deal the killing blow to the archdemon. The most satisfying playthrough I've ever had was my f!Courland setting Alistair up with Anora to secure Ferelden and then fulfilling her duty by making the final sacrifice.
In my experience it's more fun to turn AW into a battle mage and not put on the heaviest armour, but maybe I'm also missing the charm of auto attacking.
Very bizarre.
You'd say "impeachment managers" and so should this article.
DOG. I quite like Captive Curse, it's one of my favourites.
That's what I used to think but we have fresh freaking grass growing outside right now.
I have never managed to keep Silas alive through a game. His sanity is too fragile.
The Witcher was ridiculously popular so I don't think a show would have to match it in viewers in order to get a second season. Another problem might be that it isn't the kind of show that draws interest in popular media, which means it won't spread as much by word-of-mouth either. Youtube reviews on the show have been really scarce. It seems like a lot of people haven't seen the show but on the plus side those who have generally liked it (apart from the critics). I hope we'll see another season for Messiah. It's one of the best series I've had the pleasure of watching in years.
I'm not sure how they could explain away any of them surviving the plane crash if he didn't have some kind of supernatural powers. Even if he is an evil Russian genius I'd think he'd be one with powers. That being said I'm fine with them not explaining everything.
I also figured he might be an angel. He refers to himself as a messenger and in the president's dream he asks "has the angel not visited you?" Jabril and Rebeccah could be the messiah and the antichrist.
I have no idea what the law of attraction is, but even as a buddhist I think it would be a bit of a shame to give a show about the messiah such a strong turn towards buddhism. I like how subtle and respectful they have been to all religions without pinning him down too closely.
Maybe it's because I grew up fascinated by how Mulder and Scully could meet ghosts, aliens and all kinds of supernatural things every week and still not be entirely sure what they'd actually seen at the end of each episode. I think the lack of answers is what makes the show so intriguing. Like Al Masih the show reflects what the viewer perceives.
I love that song but he makes it very hard to enjoy it.
Buddhist but my father was Catholic and I've always been fascinated by Christianity. I don't believe in God but I do believe in the ability to preform "miracles".
Haha, that sounds like a true scandinavian if that's what your name hints at.
They talk a lot about God's plan for people, and fate. Countless people die from sickness every day and God doesn't heal them. I think it's the same thing as with the dog. The boy said "you were supposed to save him", and Al Masih says no, he wasn't. Maybe the girl would have lived if her mother hadn't taken her off chemo.
I assume so. I don't think it's a coincidence that the first and last episode focused on his conversations with Aviram and his guilt about the boy he'd killed. He also seemed to enjoy spending time with Aviram for some reason, or maybe the actors just had good chemistry.
And they're anti-Trump?
Maybe it'll dissuade the next republican president from committing outright crimes if you don't let them off with a slap on the wrist. There's a good reason why you put people in jail when they've committed horrendous crimes. Letting them off the hook is what has led you guy to where you are now. Right matters.
Okay that makes sense.
I mean the other games are great on their own but CUR is something special. You'll still get a lot of joy out of the others and CUR isn't everyone's favourite.
I'm glad. Hopefully this will help HER address some of the issues fans had and come out with a better game next time.
bad bot
Am I the only one who was made uneasy by Rebecca's words? She spoke a lot about how you have to follow him, how those who don't will be doomed etc. Things Al Masih never actually said. In contrast Jibril spoke gently about his experiences with Al Masih and repeated things he'd actually preached. Given the similarities between them (both young people Al Masih singled out for some special purpose) I thought it was interesting how different they were.
It's not even romance specific but Fernis giving you the puppy eyes when he asks you to go with him to meet his sister. It felt so much like he finally trusted you and depended on you to be there for him when he's vulnerable. The other is the scene when Morrigan tries to break up with you because she's frightened. She's often flippant or playful before she really falls in love so the depth of her emotion always takes me off guard when she says "you will regret this, and so will I".
I see your point. I said 'I think' but I should have said 'I assume' to be clearer.
If you have the promo stuff you're already set up with the most powerful gear you're gonna get for the first half of the game pretty much.
He sucked all the youth out of Arl Eamon who should be younger than him.
Yes, the meeting with the president is really the only occasion where he speaks like that. It's a fascinating scene because right after it the president seems to have a prophetic dream and al Masih later says that god wants the flood. Like the sandstorm and the tornado I expect we'll see more natural disasters in the next season if there is one. And I agree about the last point. I don't know why so many people assume he's the antichrist because he didn't heal the dog or the girl. God lets innocents die all the time because it's part of his "plan". He pretty clearly said that those who came expecting something would leave poor. Maybe he is the antichrist but I don't think those are deciding factors. Jesus has been responsible for a whole lot of war and violence.
Morrigan and Fenris. Morrigan is the most fleshed out romance across the series and it has one of the happiest, most stable endings. It's such a fulfilling journey to go through given how much she changes from the beginning to the end, and how much content there is. None of the other LI's get their own DLC that you can actually take part in. Fenris because it's a complex story about navigating a romance with someone who has gone through trauma and isn't in a place where they're able to be in a relationship. I think it's really well written for such a sensitive topic and the same goes for his character. It's a credible portrayal of someone who's generally soft spoken but lacks constructive coping methods to deal with their anger. Also his A+ flirting is up there with Tegan in DAO. "I'll practice my flattery for your next visit."
We only know it's a meteor. Perhaps it has some kind of mystical power and there's certainly been alchemy involved, but they never tell us it can turn lead into gold or anything else about it, really.
Perfect analogy. Maybe the girl would have lived if the mom hadn't taken her off chemo. Either way if you trust that God has a plan for everyone, why would you expect PG to heal her even if he was the messiah?
I think it perfectly showed how naive and immature she was. There are a lot of young parents out there.
That feeling when El Guapo would make a better president than Trump.
How do you explain some things like him knowing which tiny texas town to travel to that would have a tornado exactly when he arrived, and a church he could stand in front of that wouldn't be destroyed?
As in the manuscript? That doesn't make much sense within the reality of the show.
Exactly. The first time I played it I was frustrated that you couldn't make up sooner, but by the end I started to appreciate the depth of the storytelling. I'm so glad they handled it properly. There's no magical love or healing sex, in fact they show how that can make things worse.
Well you'll be glad to hear magic is much more useful and user-friendly than in Skyrim. As a mage you have the most powerful tools both for dps and cc at your disposal. The schools of magic you have access to at the beginning are already very powerful so you don't need to stress out too much about which specialization to pick. In general I think the best way to play the game the first time is to turn down the difficulty if it gets too rough and enjoy not knowing where the story will take you. Also even if you're an elderly wizard the game will assume you're younger, but hopefully not too often.
Luckily you don't have to spec into healing too much in order to be effective and once you get to the higher levels you'll be able to heal and dps without trouble.
On top of being very puzzle-heavy it's very focused on math and numbers. I'd definitively say it's one of the more challenging games.
Tactics and tactical gameplay were pretty much non-existent. They may have *said* the combat would go back to something closer to DAO, but I don't think that's true at all. In DA2 you had the option to use tactics if you wanted to and it worked much the same way as in DAO.
Mages were OP but I liked that you had the freedom to choose whether you wanted to play and OP class or not, and whether to build them strong or gimp them with weaker skills for RP purposes. In DAI everything just felt like the same thing.
I enjoy both Origins and DA2 while they're completely different style, so I wouldn't mind if they went back to a more action-oriented DA2 combat style. What I can't stand is how inquisition just stripped down more skills, tactics and abilities and made fights last 5-10 minutes longer for no good reason by adding the shield mechanic.
She looks close enough to a mix between her parents.
I was surprised by how negative the critical reviews were but it is getting great audience reviews.
That's literally what it is. That's why the ban against Talos worship wasn't enforced before Ulfric kicked up a storm. The White Gold Concordat is a way for both sides to recuperate before a second war. It's basically a cold war that the Thalmor are winning while the civil war is weakening the empire.
I got so annoyed with the slow-motion pans only to show the arrow missing that I had to disable them.
That's why the parents need to have had a good education as well. Things aren't going to change overnight and hatred of one thing or another is passed down through generations, but education and exposure does help.
Well that's horrifying.
On one hand you have 'press r' and little else, and on the other you have meaningless fights that drag on forever while the enemies throw up magical shields and bubbles just to waste your time. Then there's the lack of control you have over the stupid shit your party members do, both in terms of how gutted tactics were and the fact that the tactical camera is so cumbersome to use. Sorry, I'm coming off very aggressive but just thinking about it is giving me flashbacks to how frustrated this game made me. DAO is challenging and interesting because you constantly have to assess the situation and make choices for all your party members. DA2 is fast-paced and fluid. DAI is neither of those things.
That would have been a great idea and given the player some new parts of him to explore in DAI. As much as I love Varric I didn't enjoy him as much in DAI as DA2. It was like having someone else's friend on loan.
Anders goes for you pretty hard.
I'm still holding out hope for DA4 that Hawke will have a chance for a happier ending. They've really had the worst time of it.
Fenris, Merril, and Shale. In fact if we have a reoccurring companion I hope it's Shale.
That church clearly wasn't any more structurally sounds than the other ones, and it was *completely untouched* by the tornado, it didn't just withstand it. I think this is actually the "miracle" that's most difficult to disprove. How would he know to turn up to that specific town when they didn't even get a tornado warning until minutes before it hit? As for the plane crash, no one should have survived that. The plane itself was in tiny little pieces and the passengers thrown out of it. Whether the boy is a liar or not they shouldn't be alive. I do agree though, speculating and seeing how other viewers have interpreted the show is what makes it so interesting.
Honestly I don't think you're going to find a non-spoilery post here. It's a pretty short show and most people binged it.
Half the fun is how they interact with each other, like Aveline and Isabel; Anders, Velanna, and Nathaniel, etc. so I couldn't choose. If I had to pick just one solo companion my favourite is probably Shale. Every line is pure delight.
Keon is a muslim who doesn't believe in him, of course he calls him the dajjal. I'm not saying there isn't a basis for him being the antichrist, I'm saying it's as inconclusive as any other theory. Secondly I think it would be odd that a show that's made an effort not to conform to any one religion would then say that he is specifically the Antichrist from the muslim belief. I think it's more likely that they'll continue to leave hints one way and the other without giving a definitive answer.
If there is another messiah in the show I'd guess it's Jibril. PG could be something like an angel (a messenger of some kind) coming to guide people. I'm actually intrigued by that because it seems like the whole purpose of leading the refugees to Israel was to get Jibril there. He also singled out Rebecca for some special purpose in a similar way.
I'm confused. What about this is not allowed? The milk, chocolate, or bottle?
I enjoyed the break from all the miserable shit.
I love how that comes just on the heels of "we’re going to treat them in a very respectful manner." You can't make this shit up.
That's my favourite part as well. Classic.
If you memorize where you position the cursor before you 'push' the balls for the skee-ball game it's a lot easier. As for the wasps, if you can't manage to overwhelm them pretty quickly I'd just back out and try again. You can easily get overwhelmed if you get stuck in a loop where they're getting up quicker than you can spray them.
It does like to have a good chat now and then, doesn't it?
Combat is always slow at the beginning before you get more spells and talents. What do you feel you're doing wrong? As a mage you won't really be doing melee unless you spec for Arcane Warrior.
The way he harasses Sigrun in DAA really rubs me the wrong way. Not to say that I hate him or anything, he has his moments, I just don't see a lot of reason to being him along if I'm playing a female warden. I wouldn't enjoy being around him IRL.
They really cranked the sexism up to 11 in Awakening, but on the other hand I thought he had some good character development there, too. He comes to terms with his fears about Felsi and the kid and why he ran away from them, and possibly has a kind of touching end slide where he dies defending the keep. He opens up a bit more in Awakening than in Origins. That being said I don't see much reason to inflict him on female members of the party or myself most of the time.
I went with Cassandra and really enjoyed her romance. The problem is that once you've done the quests you're left with basically half of the game with no meaningful scenes or development in the romance. I hope they'll pace the romances better in the next game. DA2 had the benefit of the three-act structure and in Origins at least Morrgian and Alistair were tied into the main plot so there was some more structure and twists there up until the end of the game. I'd actually prefer fewer LI options that are less picky so they'd be able to flesh them out properly.
I'm not a big fan of the race restrictions. Take origins in comparison where the love interest will get to know you and fall in love with you purely based on your personality, and even get over preconceptions they had about your race before, like Leliana with elves. I suppose that's less realistic in some ways but personally I preferred it. On the other hand that would probably retcon Cullen even more so maybe not.
There isn't a game app but there are plenty of videos on youtube of people setting up and playing the game. Due to all the obscure situations and rules you can get into, they helped me out a lot.
Ditto. Mansions is expensive so even if I would like to play it too, having to buy several expansions for it to cover even the basegame investigators in Eldritch is a lot of money.
He definitively comes off as a Nice Guy. Very creepy.
My first choice would be Hakwe's siblings but that's a bit of a moot point since it's possible they're dead. Merrill would be very interesting. I'd love to hear her opinion on the new lore and Solas in particular. Something with the Awakening crew and the architect would be great. And if I could have a DLC with Fenris and Shale interacting in all their snarky glory I could die happy.
I'm a bit confused about Dagna because when I told her the circle was destroyed she just up and left and said she was going to help them rebuild or something.
You don't have to kill all the mages and neither do the templars. Bring Irvine out to Gregoir and he'll agree there's no way to tell which mages have been compromised. They're turned over to the chantry but you don't have to go on a murder spree.
Loghain is a soldier, not a politician. His problem is hubris in believing that no one else could keep Ferelden safe. That's why he set himself up as regent, not because he was power hungry.
Right? I came out of that book wondering what the hell Loghain or anyone else saw in him.
I only read the Stolen Throne and honestly don't think I have the heart to put myself through the Calling. Lots of self-pitying and creating problems, and rarely did he do anything to earn the love and loyalty of other people.
Why was it out of character for her to let you talk it over privately with Alistair? She's not a villain. She's not forcing anyone into anything but offering you an alternative, which she knows Alistair wouldn't accept if it came from her.
I feel more comfortable having Alistair do the ritual if I'm in a romance with him. At least his first time won't be with someone he dislikes.
I think I understand what you mean. But since Alistair trusts you and not Morrigan, he would never agree to it coming from her mouth. Regardless of what the warden's relationship with Morrigan is, hers and Alistair's is worse. Alistair does make a decision; he decides he'd rather die than do the ritual, and it's up to you whether you want to talk him out of it or not.
Exactly. Cousland as well, since Duncan basically forces your father to sign you over in return for saving your life. I'm really glad they give the player the choice not to be thrilled about their new life.
Yeah, I honestly thought it was refreshing that sexuality was such a non-issue in the game. It isn't that far fetched that four people would be bisexual in a society that doesn't tell them it's wrong. Just because Anders doesn't tell a female Hawke about Karl it doesn't mean his sexuality has changed. As far as Hawke-sexual goes, Anders is really the only one who tries to throw himself at you. The others either show no interest or drift closer to each other unless you instigate matters.
&gt; you can't affect or even talk about Anders' plan. He feels the same way and does the same things with the same reasons regardless of the preceding years. You know, I used to feel the same way but this has actually become one of my favourite things about the game. Sometimes there's no magic choice you can make that prevents a kidnapping or a murder, or changes a person's mind. Sometimes other people have made their minds up and there's nothing you can do about it. It is a pretty controversial way to make a game though where people usually expect to be able to change things.
When we're looking at storytelling, stakes are proportionate to the impact they have on the characters and the plot.
I can't believe you're actually trying to potty train one of them. 😂 Good luck!
I had no idea who Felicia Day was but as soon as she appeared I could tell Tallis was a celebrity self-insert. The way she looks and talks makes her stand out like sore thumb in the world and it's unimmersive. Besides that there's also the contradiction between her personality and what the Qun actually teaches that others have already pointed out. The lack of choice about whether or not you want to go along with her also makes MoTA kind of frustrating. Even if you leave her she just joins up with you again. But I do like MotA a lot as a DLC regardless.
Corypheus is much more threatening in Legacy than the entirety of DAI. It's a pity as I was really looking forward to him as a villain and what we'd find out about the magisters and their attempt to enter the golden city. I also love DA2 for how close-knit the followers and how personal the story is. Befriending Carver after your rocky relationship at the start is so rewarding. Glad you enjoyed the games so much! Finishing DAO the first time took me over 80 hours so quarantine is definitively the right time for this series.
Leaving her in that cave was pretty damned satisfying though. Unfortunately you only get away for a few minutes.
Messing with graves and urns easily leads to corruption because they still contain information about the deceased sim. Even placing them on OFB shelves can leave to shredded character files and corruption. So you're not going to find any mods that do what you want. You could try selling decorative coffins and urns.
I've heard good things about this one although I much prefer the PC version.
I know there are several urns converted from TS3 and TS4 that might suit your needs. I can't remember where exactly I've seen them but with some googling I'm sure you can find them.
Looks like the animation they do when they're chasing butterflies or fireflies.
Being able to play the game on PC without wanting to put the keyboard through my head. Basically better PC and m+kb support. otherwise the combat in general. I think DA2 was a good compromise of action and strategy so something closer to that.
Same. I hadn't even realized it had changed
I'll second that. It has a great atmosphere, the puzzles are good, and I enjoy the characters. You can tell that they did some cutting with the story but I had a great time playing it and it's one of my top 10 games.
It's a better option than the wartable but I hope we'll see some more interesting quests in the next game. I wouldn't mind if some companions train you, but it's not as memorable as having to complete a separate quest like it was for Reaver, Blood Mage, or even Arcane Warrior in DAO.
Even if you kill her she'll show up in DA2 and Inquisition so it's probably the same. She'll say something to the effect of knowing the hero of Ferelden but not getting along with them.
Depends on how picky you are with books. I read the Stolen Throne and thought it was so bad that it actually made it difficult for me to enjoy the games for a while. Some people say Gaider's later books get better and that the recent books in general are very good. So if you're a very discerning reader I wouldn't start at the beginning.
Maybe she's embarrassed about it. XD If I hadn't imported the save myself I would never have guessed.
In my experience a ghost's inventory doesn't get deleted, but I think that's because I have some anti-corruption mods like 'no unlink on delete'. I also don't know whether the resurrection process will clean out their inventory. If you have 'no unlink on delete' you should be fine since it makes sure no data will be deleted even if a gravestone is. Depending on what kind of glitches you're having it's hard to say whether it's corruption or just TS2 being the way it is. Get some anti-corruption mods, use Mootilda's hoodchecker, and you might be able to use that neighbourhood for a long time even if there is some corruption.
Keeper. I really liked it but we only got to enjoy it for a few hours in Awakening. It bugged me that we had a dalish mage PC in DAI who didn't have any keeper abilities.
There's something seriously wrong with Iron Bull's character model. Between the tiny head and the stretched torso, I really feel they did him wrong. Especially in comparison to Sten and DA2's Chad Qunari.
I love Anders as a character and the way they portrayed how he and Justice have corrupted each other. I just don't agree with him.
I remember being a little torn about the formulation of the appearance questions. I never go out of my way to make my sims have the same colour of eyes as mine for example, but some of them do. I think I answered 'occasionally' to most of those questions, but in a way the answer could also be 'never' because it isn't a matter of 'like'. Best of luck with the research and thanks for letting us see the results!
Honestly I couldn't even recruit him. Too uncanny valley for me.
I didn't say that the ones we've had are or should be the only ones in existence, only that it makes sense we'd see the same ones pop up.
I don't blame Fenris for not wanting anything to do with the sister who arranged to return him to a life of slavery and sexual abuse. She had her reasons for doing what she did but she was looking out for herself and Fenris has no obligation to her. I think their situations are quite different. Fenris's issue is psychological. he lost his memories and had no identity or framework outside of obeying Danarius, no coping methods that would have prepared him for being on his own, so he defaults to obedience. We see that again in the way he goes along willingly if you hand him back to Danarius. Varania's problems on the other hand seem to stem from the systematic inequality of social classes in Tervinter. She wasn't able to provide for herself as a free person so she did what she had to to survive.
1. That has nothing to do with corruption. You're seeing the low resolution models either because your settings are off or because your computer can't handle it. 2. Deleting a sim will definitively cause hood corruption. Download the hood checker and you can hopefully keep the corruption from spreading too much. Best would be to start with a fresh neighbourhood. 3. CC is generally safe. It's rather a matter of not installing mods that conflict with each other. Even if you do run into a cc-related problem like the game crashing, 99% of issues will be solved by removing the mod from your downloads folder.
Wow, Mattis. Only took you four years!
Riverblossom Hills is the best neighbourhood. It's so cozy.
I love how maxis kept hiding that clown painting everywhere just to fuck with people :D
This is the best way. You barely have to touch them during toddlerhood except for the occasional diaper change. If you put down an activity table you don't even have to socialize with them.
Social services only care if they go hungry, so it's perfectly safe.
It's incredibly easy to get full approval from everyone in Origins due to nearly limitless gifts. It doesn't matter much who you take where or if you lost some approval during quests. You get the biggest relationship gains from gifts and dialogue so just make sure you talk to them often in camp and don't say anything to offend them. In DA2 it's more important to make sure you're bringing the right person on the right quest, but that information is also up on the wiki. Just google the follower's name and 'approval' and you'll get a handy list of the options you should pick.
I like red Hawke but I usually stick to the 'direct' options rather than being an asshole. Or 'aggressively helpful' as I like to call it. A character who's motivated by compassion and wants to protect people, but is also pretty 100% done with Kirkwall and everyone in it.
I'm no fan of Tallis but MotA is worth playing IMO. You get a nice change of scenery from Kirwall to a beautiful setting, puzzles, and some great fights. The Wyvern fight at the end is a lot of fun.
I used to think I was family but now that I think about it, staying home from work in my PJs actually seems a lot more appealing.
There is none. They won't even let people buy it off Origin anymore so it's safe to say they're not interested in TS2 revenue anymore. I'd also be very careful buying the game over amazon or ebay. We see a lot of people getting scammed with fake discs, and anyone selling a digital download will be a stolen Origin account.
I'd love it. Don't Starve has a great premise but I doubt it.
Yeah I wasn't a big fan of Heroes but there have been much more infuriating winners.
Have you tried loading the lot of the hotel he was staying at?
That's my favorutie thing about DA2. You're just some average person trying to make it in the world against all odds. I also miss how dark Dragon Age used to get. Not just for the sake of being edgy, but for how emotional it was. I can't think of a single moment in DAI that really made me feel. There's definitively more to Isabela than fanservice, but she doesn't open up right away either. Her relationships with the other characters over the years often says more about her (Merrill, Fenris, and Aveline), and she has one of the best written rivalries too.
I think the people who actively dislike Bethany are pretty few, definitively heard more people complain about Carver. She's a sweetheart.
I think DAI is the weakest game in the series by far. Yes, DA2 recycles maps, but it also has a coherent story with personal stakes and quests that actually make sense doing.
I'm in the same boat thb. If you're playing on PC the DAI controls are a nightmare, but I've heard it's better with a controller. You can also try a ranged class. I went archer which was very boring, but at least it got rid of some of the annoyances.
I agree 100%. My canon run is also Morrigan/Amell. They're both out on their own for the first time, both navigating their first real relationship outside of watchful eyes, and I like to imagine them geeking out over magic together.
The combat in DA2 is so much fun. 2h warrior is my favourite but every class is great to play. DA2 is my favourite game. The story is more personal and grounded, and it has my favourite group of followers. The recycled and uninspired maps are a pity, but the game itself makes up for it imo.
I'm pretty sure Gaider confirmed the Theirin line will end with Alistair, OGB not withstanding.
I do agree that they should have introduced Meredith and especially Orsino earlier and a bit more thoroughly. You also only hear Meredith's backstory if you side with the Templars which most people probably don't do.
Exactly. I still can't figure out why we needed two swamp zones and three deserts and few of them seem to have plotlines that tie into the main quest. It would have been much better if they'd just condensed some of the zones and picked the best quests to stay in. DAI is like reading an unedited book.
I'm a huge fan of Skyrim and Bethesda's open worlds, but they're sandbox games whereas DA games are much more story driven and an open world just doesn't make much sense. Especially not when your playable character is the leader of a huge faction and presumably has more important things to do than bounce around the countryside looking for materials. In Bethesda games you can play for hundreds of hours without touching the main story. That's not really an option in Dragon Age.
What good is it if it's all filler? There's very little cohesive story between the zones, and worse yet, there's very little reason to complete them, narrative or otherwise. Even something as simple as DA2's act one where you need to complete quests to make money to reach your next goal would have helped. In DAI this is supposed to be collecting 'power', but you gain it so easily that you can skip entire zones and it will have no impact on the story. Aside from looking pretty the zones aren't very memorable. Looking back I have a hard time telling the different desert and forest zones apart so in that sense it unfortunately isn't that different from the recycled dungeons. The most memorable zone to me was swamp number two. Not because it was particularly beautiful, but because there was an actual story there.
But they'll be beautiful babies! Don's kids are always lookers.
I don't mind it. Don is into everyone who'll have him like a typical romance sim, so I can see why you'd dislike him. Personally he's one of my favourite sims. Whether Dina is that interested in Don is debatable; they're only at crush status and haven't had any romantic interactions, and she's clearly more interested in marrying Mortimer. She's a fortune sim, not romance. Nina has no connection to Mortimer. Cassanda is the real victim here, but the game also sets it up so Don leaves her at the altar, which might be the better option for her in the long run.
Quests in your log are categorized pretty well into important and not-important. Some are for your friends, some are to advance the main plot, and others are completely optional. Best way not to get too overwhelmed is to just pick one quest and complete it. :)
Kite! The ogre can only go after one of you at a time and every class can be equipped with ranged weapons.
I'd say Witch Hunt for DAO and legacy for DA2 are the essential ones, but most of them are worth playing IMO. I was surprised that even the gifts and pranks DLC adds so much to the game in Origins. I look forward to reuniting Sten with his sparkly butterfly sword every time. The Stone Prisoner (Shale) for DAO is a must-have companion if you don't have it already. A lot of people don't like the Exiled Prince for DA2 as much but I've really enjoyed Sebastian as a character. Both still bring new party dynamics and quests to the table. Awakening is 100% worth it. It has great characters and lore, and some of the best locations in the series. The deep roads section is particularly good.
Story and sim-wise Veronaville is my favourite but I also really like Riverblossom Hills for the secluded country atmosphere. I usually play my own hoods though.
Veronaville is the only hood that has some kind of coherent architecture so it gets points from me for that. It's also like a challenge hood the get-go; getting the families to stop feuding is not easy. It's especially fun if you have AL and can let the Summerdreams try to solve the problem with magic.
Wicked Hearts is one of the primary reasons I can't bring myself to play DAI on any given day lol. It's my least favourite quest in the game. It does make sense that DAI is less personal because you're the leader of a huge faction, but to me that also makes the game less immersive and the story less interesting.
Exactly this. There are no stakes and everything is handed to you. Corypheus doesn't feel particularly threatening, and because there's no origin you don't get any sense of where the main character comes from or who they are trying to protect.
You say easy but we saw how DAI turned out. I really hope they do it that way and keep the story grounded and more personal. I'm a little concerned because they scrapped the first story concept.
I'd want the magic system from TS1. Magic kind of feels tacked on like they slapped it onto AL when they decided it would be the last expansion. The second thing is higher resolution on the lot dummies when you view them from other lots.
Don. He's the most fun but PV isn't really my favourite hood.
I think it was clever of them to let the game play out over such a long time. We have six years with most of the followers and during that time they go through a lot of development, both internally and externally. My favourite relationship to follow is Isabela and Aveline. They start off loathing each other but by act three that's evolved into something different.
Inquisition may also be a bit difficult to get into because it draws on the previous games as well as several books of backstory that you wouldn't be privy to. Much better to start at the beginning. People have different opinions about which of the games is best, but that also means they're all appealing in their own way. DA2 has great personal storytelling and characters, and DAI has a huge world to explore. It's an amazing series and I hope you continue to enjoy it!
Inquisition can be confusing even if you've played the previous games, but the reason I'd suggest playing them in order is because the first two games are really good. The choices you've made in the previous games will also carry into Inquisition, so you'll get more out of it if you're familiar with what has happened before.
Yeah, the ground texture is not supposed to look like that. I'm pretty sure the game isn't recognizing your graphics card. What steps have you taken to change things already? Which version of the game are you running? Are you playing on a mac or windows? [This](http://www.leefish.nl/mybb/showthread.php?tid=5446) old thread on leefish has some information regarding graphics cards, but be sure you read it carefully before making any changes depending on which system you're on.
Yes? Clearly.
Mine is inspired by Jessa from the Jessa Channel. It used to be a huge mess where I'd just dump everything into folders per download session and I could never find anything. For TS2 you don't want to have too many sub-folders inside of each other, so in the main downloads folder I've got folders labelled by category. Buy-Deco-Plants, Buy-Deco-Curtains, etc. and then individual folders inside of those for each CC.
This. It's impossible to maintain a completely clean hood but as long as you're careful you shouldn't have much trouble.
Just to point out, people stop playing their hoods because of corruption far more often than a hood becomes unplayable because of corruption. In fact the latter is very rare. Unless you're having a lot of problems it's possible to keep playing a corrupted hood for years.
Probably just the mail carrier collecting your bills and their outfit isn't working for some reason.
Are you sure you clicked it? Did the sim actually show up?
I'm pretty sure it's randomly selected the first time they're at a restaurant. If you have the batbox/lotdebugger you can pick their favourite food.
I used to play a Build a City Challenge neighbourhood for a long time. Great challenge if you like building and seeing your neighbourhood grow over time, but I'd suggest adjusting the rules to your own liking since it's such a long-term commitment. I'm currently playing the [Victorian Population Challenge](https://docs.google.com/document/pub?id=10YDlUo5Z_aTb3SkmwufEs66GB5hr_vzbrQwNgoMK-rI) and it has blown me away by how well made it is for a relatively simple challenge. You just have lots of kids and play sims in different social classes, but it really manages to reflect how conditions were for people back then. There's a huge difference in happiness between wealthy and poor and male and female sims. [Nickle and Dimed](http://sims2challenges.blogspot.com/2008/07/episode-46-nickel-and-dimed-challenge.html) is another good one. You try to raise your children as a single mom with a minimum wage job. It's pretty short too. If you want to browse the [Sims 2 Challenges Podcast](http://sims2challenges.blogspot.com/) blog has a huge selection of challenges.
The drama in Asylum challenges usually seems to be who dies first, how many people the ghost manages to kill, and if that inmate who fell asleep on their food is going to starve to death.
Have fun! :D There are some gems in there that I never would have thought of.
It showed up as a ghost? Well not much you can do at this point either way. :) Get the hood checker and run it now and then and hopefully it won't cause any serious issues in the future. A little corruption isn't a death sentence right away, it's really a case of being killed by symptoms. There might not be any symptoms at all, or very mild ones few and far between, in which case you can just keep playing your game.
Sometimes those glitches are pretty funny. I've never had it happen with a baby but one sim took a kitten with them to work. I was afraid it would starve because I kept getting popups.
Pretty sure it's been confirmed that most players play humans in all three games. There's probably just more elf players on this sub, but I'm still not convinced they make up a majority.
I really liked the DA2 elf design. I'd probably have been more excited about elves in DAI If we'd been able to make them look like DA2 elves.
I don't think most Awakening followers *wanted* to join the Wardens, most of them were between a rock and a hard place. Carver was also dying but he ends up thriving there and being a far more willing member than most of the Awakening crew who fuck off as soon as the Warden's back is turned. Either way Carver gains a lot of self-confidence in the Wardens that he doesn't by being a Templar. Like Alistair he takes pride in being a Warden and doing something meaningful, and in that sense he does live a fuller life there.
My game runs perfectly on Win 10, and many others as well. I'd suggest you look into it a bit more before you give up on it because once you have the game up and running it's worth it. :) Make sure you follow the link on the top of the page if you're on win 10. There are a bunch of guides and videos out there of how to make the game run.
XD I walked right into that one!
&gt; A life time commitment isn't owed to anyone or thing. They take an oath. It is a lifetime commitment. Nathaniel and Anders are just as optional as Sigrun and Velanna. Aside from Nathaniel they all joined as a means to an end, and all three of them end up leaving in some scenario. Whether you have a choice in joining or not has nothing to do with how well you take to being a Warden. I get your point but I think we'll have to agree to disagree here. I'm sure Carver would do a lot of good as a Templar since he's a good person and sympathetic to mages, but it makes sense that he'd find more fulfillment in protecting the world from darkspawn than continuing to babysit mages the way he has his whole life.
It is? This is the first time I've heard about it. We know Isolde didn't like him and din't make him feel welcome, but I think it's a pretty drastic step to take that to child abuse. Alistair also says he wasn't raised as a prince and slept in the stables, but that's in no way abnormal for someone who was in service in the castle.
1. They're friends. This is my favoruite thing about the game. They're not hanging out with each other because they have a job to do or some quest to complete. They're just good friends with Hawke *and* with each other (in most cases), even if they're rivals and don't always get along. 2. I think Meredith talks about it a bit more if you're on the Templar path, but basically they know you're a mage but turn a blind eye to you and your friends because you help them and the city. Varric mentions pulling some strings for Anders and the people in lowtown look out for him as well. Merril probably doesn't stand out much as one more elf in the alienage.
Just run the hood checker after you've gone through the scripted events in every household. Corruption is complicated and more nuanced than people think because not all types of file corruption cause the same kind of problems. This is why there are debates about whether gossip is good or bad, among other things, and these little 'corruptions' will occur during everyday play even if you don't do anything that specifically causes corruption. What I mean is that your hood won't be destroyed just because you don't run the HoodChecker right away. To Quote Mootilda: &gt;Even if you have not done any of the things which are known to cause major corruption, less serious data corruption can still occur during normal game play. The HoodChecker provides a way to do maintenance on your neighborhoods, allowing you to weed out garbage that sneaks in. This is a way to ensure that your neighborhood remains healthy.
Sneak/go out was an interaction before cars were added to the game so it'll always be the friend picking you up. A teen can get caught and brought home by the police but it doesn't have anything to do with cars. TS2 doesn't recognize car ownership in that way.
Maybe the biggest cougar? As far as MILFs go there's Morrigan and Isolde.
That was my first thought too!
I'm sorry but I don't see how being likeable has anything to do with being competent at one's job or a good president. Getting along with people is Biden's thing. Unfortunately it doesn't make him seem any less senile.
I like character and story driven games so that attracted me to DA2 to start off with. After that I played Origins which inspired me get into role playing more, and Skyrim. I got into gaming (beyond the sims) through Legacy of Kain, played WoW for a few years, and now mostly DA, Skyrim, and Don't Starve.
I really liked Witcher 1 and thought the story was better than the second game. It also has some similarities to Origins since they're on the same engine.
This was me during the game too. I wish we could have played him longer.
With default skintones the baby has an equal chance to get any skintone in the range between the parents, but with CC they'll only get one or the other unless the creator took some extra steps to make the sin genetic.
Midnight in Salem is the latest game they made after a 4-year break and getting rid of most the team who worked on the old games. It's very different and arguably not very good. But there are like 30 of the old games though and they're great.
DAO doesn't really have a lot of side quests. Most of the mean besides the main quest is in the follower quests, so try to talk to them and give them gifts until they open up. Aside from the follower quests it's mostly Chantry board/Mage's Collective/Blackstone Irregulars quests and even if you do all of them it won't take you very long. If you play a character with pickpocketing or a rogue there's a guy called Slim Cauldry who'll offer you some heist jobs in Denerim. They're pretty fun. Other than that make sure to talk to Leliana while you're in Orzammar and buy a mirror from one of the vendors.
Fenris saying "Perhaps I'll practice my flattery for your next visit. With any luck I'll become better at it" always gets me. And the puppy eyes he gives you when he asks you to go with him to see Velanna. There's just something special about him being comfortable enough at that point to ask you for help and be a little manipulative about it. And not exactly giggly, but when Morrigan says "you'll regret this and so will I" when you refuse to break up with her is such a great line. She's amazing.
I love that he always does that to my male Warden. Bromance!
Neat! I find I'm very biased when it comes to ranking them. I always have lousy luck with Akachi even though she's technically useful in small games, and Silas isn't great but those pecs sure are!
I would ave killed for another expansion pack. still would. it's such a good game even if it should have had some more love in the bug fixes department.
The operating table is something else! I love how concerned the sims look as you dump leeches on them.
Yes! That was the best addition. They added so much to the gameplay even when each sim only had 3 traits.
I wish I could have had a chance to play it. Why on earth did they discontinue it?
I just bought a bigger table and started playing solo with four investigators haha. Those are definitively the best small box expansions IMO, especially Strange Remenants. Maybe masks of Nyarlathotep is a better big box if you're playing solo. It comes with character stories instead of an extra board, and one of the AOs is a bit like Syzygy and adds to the mystic ruins.
You can also bring Shale with you into the deep roads for some additional content if you have that DLC.
Yeah, if you don't have the space there's no point getting the sideboard expansions. Switching from two investigators to four I did notice that the game changed a lot though. You have more time to do optional stuff and really get into the game rather than constantly playing catch-up, and it gets a bit easier too. So that's something to look forwards to if you ever upgrade.
Hopefully it's been fixed. They did a big update just before they stopped working on the game that fixed a lot of stuff. at least I haven't had any trouble on win10 with the Origin version. Good luck!
As others have said, r/sims2help is your best shot since lots of people have been able to make it work. It takes a while to get it up and working the way you want it, but my game has been running perfectly for several years regardless of windows updates.
There are so many cool things and objects in TS1 that never got added to any other game. Makin Magic still has the best magic system to this day.
I replied to your other post since you had more information posted there.
Yeah that's my big regret to this day. I still play TS2 but I wish we had better magic. Superstar was great too. Glabe Glarn!
You've probably toggled the hold/move button. Under the character pictures on the top left there's a little icon that either looks like a hand or a running man.
I like his design, but I saw him first in DA2 where he's a lot more intimidating. It's pretty difficult to take him seriously at all in DAI.
I'm team Vivienne too. I think she's the best choice for making meaningful, lasting changes to the chantry, the circles, and general opinion on mages. Putting a mage in charge of the chantry is a huge step forward, and as a mage she knows both what mages are capable of and what living in a circle is like better than Cassandra or Leliana. It's often overlooked that most mages are in favour of a circle, just not the abuse.
I usually just have either my warden or Loghain do the final sacrifice in that case. Doing the ritual makes sense if you're a young warden who wants to live, but Loghain is old and bitter and perfectly happy to give his life for Ferelden.
😂 Never seen that before!
City elf if it's available as an origin and there's a DA2 nose option, otherwise human.
Cat pictures are always worth sharing.
I haven't run into this issue but googling turned this up. Hope it helps. &gt;It's a common bug. Just hit H several times, quicksave + load, or restart the game/enter a new area. It's annoying as hell but eventually goes away.
Thank you! I've had a link to that archive before but lost it ages ago.
The photos in Maddie's apartment are pure gold.
That is so cool! I spent hours playing that game and wished it was real.
The booklets are great! I've spent many an hour pouring over them.
Me neither! Do you have to have playground equipment on the lot?
I think I've come pretty close to maxing them for some challenge or another over the years. Sims can skill really quickly as toddlers with smart milk, and as children either with the career bookcase or being tutored on other career rewards. Nowadays I mostly try to make sure they have as little skills as possible to make things more interesting.
Exactly! I love how decisive TS2 sims are. You can pretty much let them steer their own lives.
As someone who likes keeping the expansions separate, even I have Forsaken Lore mixed in with the base game.
The game [trailer](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=x-J2KzQb5lI) sets up the story and atmosphere pretty well IMO. Just the first minute or so before they start explaining how the game works which you can do better.
Nothing is *as* profitable as a retail store since you can basically sell anything at any price, but bars and massage parlours work well enough. I run pretty small businesses and the sims usually take home about 400 simoleans a day. Just beware that if you have too many other activities sims won't use the bar very often. I run my pub with a ticket machine, a pool table, and the bar. The sims usually spend a few hours having fun and then everyone crowds at the bar for drinks. I use the massage table as an examination table for my town doctor, but you need a [mod](http://modthesims.info/d/616988/massage-business-mod.html) to make it work if you're visiting the lot with another household. Sims are pretty willing to try it and will come up and ask for massages as well.
You should be able to put them for sale. What kind of lot are you on? Clothing stores don't work on home lots since the right clothing racks aren't available in the catalog.
https://simscommunity.info/2016/04/27/the-sims-2-setting-up-the-resolution-windowed-mode-smooth-edges-sim-shadows/ Make sure you're editing the correct graphics rules file. It's the one in your latest expansion. Also if you've installed the game before, make sure you don't have duplicate installation folders anywhere.
The snow in neighbourhood view depends on what the weather is like on the last lot you visited. if it's snowing on the lot, it's snowing in the neighbourhood, etc. How long has it been snowing on the lot? It might just take a while for snow to gather on the ground at the start of the season, too. Some winters I don't have any snow at all.
Awesome! I'm always looking for medieval and Victorian hoods to follow. I've been intrigued by the medieval charter challenge but it's too big for me to try myself.
The half and half method is the best way to find bad CC in TS2 as well, but it depends on the kind of crashes you're having. Do you have a 4gb patch installed? If the game is crashing due to insufficient memory that'll help.
Sounds like a mod conflict. Take out you non-essential downloads and see if the problem persists. Make you sure you leave in your multi-PT mod if you use one.
I always let Nathaniel live, he's my favourite. Anders is already a risk so what's one more? From my perspective Cousland was even more willing to work on Nathaniel. Exposing the truth of what Arl Howe did and how their family died is important to them. As for Zevran my wardens have either been too cocky to take him as a threat, likely to give any elf a second chance, or outright charmed against their better judgement.
Or the Commander was aware of how OP archery is in Awakening.
The faces you get when the machine malfunctions are masterpieces.
It's kind of situational depending on your playstyle so a lot of people don't run into it, and it's easy to fix even by mistake.
It makes having children in the game so much more fun when they have the change of inheriting grandma's recessive eyes or hair.
Scouts love trees. Woody loves *chopping down* trees. Campfires and the slingshot go together well with the boyscout theme, and I don't think the bee allergy is any more random as a character trait than the strongman being afraid of the dark. I don't think he's poorly designed at all but I don't have any interest in proving you wrong. You're allowed to not play a character.
Here's a hot take: not every character needs to appeal to every player. You can think Woody is a shitty character but that doesn't make it an universal truth.
I really, *really* hope they change up the combat for DA4 because I honestly don't know if I can put myself through that again. DAI was actually painful.
Yes. Far too many people misunderstand Carver. He's just most concerned with looking out for you, even if he doesn't like to show it.
Be careful what you click on with the BatBox. I'd suggest readign the RTFM that the mod came downloaded with if you're not sure what the options do. Have you tried grabbing the doll with move objects on? It's not corruption, just a stuck accessory.
No, it doesn't. *City elves* are the obvious comparison to black minorities. We even have a riot in the first game after abuse from authoritative figures. There's is no real-life equivalence to magical people who are potentially dangerous against their will. This is the same problem x-men has.
Early on before Alistair has decent skills and amour you should be careful not to let him grab too much aggro. Let the knights and the townspeople aggro their share. Yes, it's tactical. The simplest way to make DAO combat easy is to remember to control your party members. Pause often, survey the scene to see who's doing what and what they should be doing instead, and direct them appropriately. Something as simple as making sure you're focusing fire on one or two enemies rather than everyone fighting one on their own makes a big difference. Also make sure you use CC appropriately. With two mages you should have a few useful spells at your disposal. Morrigan's mind blast or Dog's howl ate amazingly effective in the Redcliffe battle.
Sims2 occults had different need bars and decay rates, so they weren't as simple as that. Vampires die in sunlight and plantsims need sunlight, and you were still able to create a vampire plantsim. I do agree that it's a complex matter, but I don't think it's so complex that it's beyond the scope of what the game-makers should be capable of if they really wanted to make it happen.
Mages and elves are best left for the fight with the archdemon because they have ranged attacks. Then you can also start using them at the beginning to the fight to make sure they're damaging the boss. It sounds like you're possibly under geared. The stats (green text) on armour is more important than the tier. If Alistair is still the tank he should have heavy or massive armour, whereas Sten who's a dps warrior doesn't need that much. Keep Alistair and Sten away from the dragon and fighting the darkspawn when it lands while you and Leliana do damage to it, making sure to stay out of range. The AOE attacks probably do the most damage so make sure all your party members are staying out of the purple stuff. As for immunities, it's not completely immune to any magic but it's most susceptible to nature damage.
We already knew he was incapable of human empathy and only cares about himself.
I enjoyed it a lot. It had some really neat puzzles and I didn't mind the characters or the driving. It's prefect mid-tier material to me so if you've already played some of the more infamous games, I'd give it a shot. Just make sure you save after every hole on the mini golf puzzle to avoid some annoyance.
Strength is the biggest damage modifier for warriors and gear is important, so I'm afraid Alistair is probably more of a liability to you in the party. You might have a lot of trouble getting through that fight with the group and resources you have, but I wish you good luck!
I prefer to play with my own sims as well, but sometimes the pre-mades are fun because they come with a story you didn't make up. They have established goals they want to meet, and often the sims in the neighbourhood have conflicting goals which means you can't give them all what they want. So you make decisions or let the sims make them for you, and see what kind of trouble they get into along the way. So basically not very different from playing your own sims aside from the fact that the premades come with their own backstories and goals.
It's worth a shot. The ballista will do the most damage for you if you manage to keep it up. Remember to keep melee away from the arch demon if you can. Any little thing like equipping Leliana with fire, elf-flight, or arrows of filth if she's an archer will help.
It's safe but you won't be able to delete the meshes so there will be files left over in your folders. I use bodyshop to identify the names of the things I want to delete and then do a search for them in the downloads folder.
Sometimes cousins just like you as a friend.
I'd say "does well" is subjective. Unless you harden Alistair competent is as good as it gets and he allows either Eamon or the Warden to rule through him. Alistair is competent and even successful as a king under the right circumstances, but whether he's a better option than Anora or the two of them together is debatable.
I highly suggest friendmancing Fenris if you're a mage. He doesn't hate mages unreasonably or indiscriminately, especially as he gets to know you and Bethany. Rivalmance has some unfortunate connotations given his past.
Don't know of any videos but here's some advice. Open and empty lot and give yourself some time to get acquainted with all the different roof shapes and types. You can use the roof angle tool to adjust the height of individual roof pieces. The cheat 'sethighestallowedlevel [#]' lets you build as high as you like in case you need an extra floor for more roof shenanigans. Is there anything in particular that's giving you trouble?
That's actually what the game suggests in the pamphlet if I remember correctly. That's why most of the families are set up like that too; one working and one staying at home to make friends.
I really miss when we were able to change light bulbs! And water indoor plants. TS1 has a surprising amount of detail that was never brought back.
It's a very memorable sound. Even reading that the fire alarm and fire music starts playing in my head.
Are you trying to spawn new townies or turn excising sims into townies? The townie gun is the 'NPC and Townie Maker' and it looks like a repo gun. If you're using the 'Make into Townie' option you get a list of sims you can turn into townies, but this can lead to corruption if you choose the wrong one. (The pollination technician for example) so I wouldn't recommend using it. By clicking 'generate' the game will generate a new NPC or townie of the type you've selected and you then get an option to either keep or kill them. I wouldn't suggest using this method either since even if you discard the generated sims, they still retain a character file and stay bloating up your neighbourhood. It's better to create sims in CAS and then use a mod like the teleporter, SimBlender etc to turn a sim into a townie. To despawn the gun you can just delete it in buy mode.
This is me playing Warly and repeatedly setting the crockpot on fire.
I just discovered that recently! Apparently some sims have allergies and they will sneeze during spring!
Leaving families in the bin won't corrupt your neighbourhood, you just can't delete families from the bin. And while the base hoods are technically corrupted, that doesn't mean they're unplayable. You just have to be extra careful about some stuff like not resurrecting dead sims. If you're worried you can always create your own hoods.
That seems to be the case with a lot of maxis couples oddly enough.
Both the original UI and this one look blue. And the TS1 UI. And the TS3 UI.
It could be a problem with the fridge. Are you using a mini fridge or a CC one?
The minifridge doesn't have most the cooking options a large fridge does, I think you can only make microwave food. There is a [modded version](http://modthesims.info/d/252826/targa-s-supafridge-updated-to-freetime-uses-maxis-mini-fridge-recolors-updated-2008-12-17-fixed-leftover-animations-and-juice-drinking-bug.html) if you still want to use it.
Thank you! There are so few clothes for kids in the game
Build? The downtown lots are shipped with the game. I do remember my mind being absolutely blown by being able to leave the home lot lol. It felt like too amazing to even be true.
Oh god that performer was so annoying! The sax player was far superior.
Oh right the sims 'moving in' loader. I remember that. Thankfully it didn't take too long in my game but it's just part of the installation basically.
Saaaame. It drives me insane and I never use it even though you can technically use quarter tiles or snapobjectstogrid off
The game has it's own photo album where you can make notes, write stories, progression etc. If you're not concerned with sharing your story it's really convenient. I use it to keep track of what all my families are doing. it's also an easy way to give yourself a refresher when you come back to a family after a long break, as you're bound to do if you play in rotation I like your idea for your founders as well. The best neighbourhoods are built around a good premise and theme.
Even when I already have quarter tiles on it's too much work
Loading the game up does take a hella long time if you have a big downloads folder. Honestly I've just gotten used to loading the game up first thing and then doing other stuff lol. Visiting other lots isn't a problem for me at least.
No problem. It's the icon that looks like a book, and you take photos by pressing C. You might want to go into the camera options and improve the quality though, the game has a tendency to lower them by default.
Oh, I already have them. I'm a dedicated Sims 2 player :D
Step-parents are considered family and you can't flirt with them until they either break up with the biological parent, or the biological parent dies. I've had my fair share of sims who suddenly develop the hots for their step-parent when their real mom or dad is out of the picture. As far as I know they shouldn't be rolling up wants to flirt with them either. That might be a conflict with InTeen or ACR, I couldn't tell since I don't use either.
Make them the same age in CAS and then use 'agesims on' to make one of them a teen when you move them in.
&gt; You might be able to salvage your other hoods, but if you didn't have a backup of them from before this and you saved the game, it's possible they are now corrupted as well. Neighbourhood corruption doesn't spread between hoods unless you've made the same mistakes there or moved sims or lots over, which you shouldn't do.
That issue is related to something else. Did you install any mods or mess with the game files?
Did you put the lot down in any other hoods? That would definitively spread corruption to the other hoods. If it was game corruption it should have gone away with the reinstallation. I'd suggest taking out your entire neighbourhoods folder (documents/ea games/ts2) and downloads folder. The game will generate new versions of the base hoods and you can go in and see if the issue persists.
Just remember to take out your neighbourhood folder and see if it works. I still can't figure out how lot zoning resulted in game corruption, but hopefully that'll fix it.
Anything out of Shale's mouth really. "Mages on leashes? What will they think of next?"
I liked DA2's direction and how different all the races looked. The DAI Qunari really were a step down. They just look sort of...soggy and moist rather than awesomely buff metallic dragon-people.
Which one is easier is entirely subjective.
Catch a riiiide!
Or you beg and prey and make offerings to satan every time a sim starts giving birth. Not twins again!
It doesn't work on TS2. You're cursed with twins since conception.
The same thing happened to me! The poor guy accidentally got abducted twice and had three kids before I finally deleted the telescope. Those things are dangerous.
Gardening was the best! You could make giant mutant tomatoes, and you'd have a million breeding bunnies on your lot.
The music is good especially in the first two games IMO, but not so essential that you'd miss it by turning it off. Although the character themes for the companions in DA2 are really lovely. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dSCq7jTL7tQ
It could be just a case of rare pregnancy death, I know that was a bug back in the day, or do you have any mods that could have caused it? Either way it could be an interesting story to play out the family without her. Since Dustin is a teen the social worker won't show up to claim the kids.
I do remember Strange Tomato discovering it a some years ago. I think she called it the "family sim dress" 😂
Solas. That dude was a suspicious schmuck from the start.
Yeah Anders can say and do some pretty horrific shit.
I think you're right about the different viewpoint thing. She arrives in Kirkwall with the Hawkes but makes a very different life for herself. Personally I like that about her. You set her up with a husband and get to hear about her domestic life and her relationships with the other companions. I rarely take her along though since it feels it like she shouldn't get involved with 90% of the stuff Hawke does.
Same. The only reason I occasionally play mage is because I want to hang out with Carver. I love them both so much.
Does she hit on Sebastian? I've never romanced him so I've only seen the sort of "my sister is very lucky" comment. Even if you're not romancing Sebastian the two of them are pretty damned tame.
I love in TS1 how you cloud choose acting styles like 'comedic' and 'dramatic', and they would be so over the top. 😂
Early 3d was a very painful period.
TS1 set such a high bar for some aspects of the game that have never been reached since. Makin' Magic particularly, and I still miss unleashed gardening.
Also Aveline and Isabela have this thing where they respectively mock each other for being slutty/masculine. I think it's less about either of those things and more about them enjoying pissing each other off. By the third act they're clearly good friends and still keep doing that
There's an entire database. https://s22cdb.livejournal.com/ Not all of them are on MATY
TS1 had the best music for sure. Even the disco tracks are pure magic
I don't know why it's such a relief to see some proof that not *all* republicans have lost their minds. Just like, 98%? Any intelligent human being should be horrified to be represented by that moron.
No, that would make you pro-Hitler.
Clearly not most, but I'd like something above the bare minimum the last four years have showed us. It's a depressing world to live in.
A lot of maxis townies and premades dye their hair haha
Someone else had this same problem some time ago. I haven't experienced myself so I'm not 100% sure what the right thing to do here is without messing things up further. Can you evict the family in neighbourhood view and move them into another house? I'd suggest bulldozing the hotel she stayed at as well as their own lot, run Mootilda's HoodChecker, and get Boiling Oil's [No Sim Loaded](http://www.leefish.nl/mybb/thread-1665.html).
Wow! Mine are such a mess in comparison
Those little bugs skittering over the floor and the statue moving its head creeped me out so much. Scariest game by far
Yes! The atmosphere is pretty chill most of the time but then you see the paintings have eyes that move and whisper 'I see you' when you walk past.
Same. Toddlers are such a pain in the ass but they're also very rewarding. Let's hope she doesn't inherit his nose!
Play one season (five days) at a time. it's easy to keep track of and you can see from the neighbourhood view which season each household is on.
Yes they are brothers, looks like a sign of corruption. Have you moved sims between between neighborhoods?
Pro move on her part. After he pisses himself he can give himself a spongebath in the sink.
The option should come up when you click the pile of clothes after you take it out of the inventory. The only one I've occasionally had trouble with is the TF outfit, is that the one you're trying to add?
Orange juice only works against colds so you're out of luck with the flu. Epidemic can spread like wildfire when you play in rotation.
Ah. That might have been the same issue I had at the time.
A bigger CC folder will only affect how long it takes to load up the game the first time. I've had well over 10GB of CC without any issues.
