So your post is based on nothing but blind optimism. Thanks for contributing.
Thank you!
Because Williams can only catch with his chest, and is primarily a deep/comeback threat. Dak plays more conservatively and doesn't throw the deep ball as much, and Romo has excellent accuracy.
And the Ravens should have let some other team do it.
&gt; Flacco is at least clutch [So clutch](https://twitter.com/cianaf/status/815723838591959044)
They had Tyrod on the roster. He has been better than Flacco since 2012 and would have been a fraction of the cost.
"Okay now Lenny, just look at the rabbits. No, don't turn around, just keep looking at the rabbits..."
For a full time job a 3% raise could mean about $1500 more in takehome pay. It's not a massive amount, but it's not nothing. That's enough for a big vacation, to cover an unexpected repair/expense, or help break out of the cycle of living paycheck to paycheck. Heck, even if they just took it all and put it into savings that'd be significant!
That sucks. Rice University is private but wasn't like that at all.
In other words, u/jaredjeya, the top 1.0% of test scores among high school grads isn't good enough to get into Harvard because Harvard only accepts 0.05% of the high school grad popuation. That means for every 20 students with 99th percentile test scores, only 1 of them can go to Harvard. You gotta have something else to stand out among that group of 20 students. It gets more complicated than that, but that's why test scores alone aren't good enough. That top 1% is split among roughly a dozen elite schools, but Harvard probably has the most "just to see" applications of any college in the US. And we aren't including all of the other kids that have ~95th percentile scores *but also* did something amazing that puts them ahead of plain 99ers too.
Well, there are 20 times more 99th percentile students than there are students at Harvard each year.
&gt; Jesus is the same dude who stopped a group of people from hurling rocks at Mary Magdalene because she was a prostitute. While I agree with your overall point, you should probably get your facts straight first. 1. Mary Magdalene was not a prostitute in the Bible, that was made up by a Pope a few hundred years after Jesus. 2. In the story about Jesus and stoning, the woman was caught committing adultery, not prostitution. (Cultural side note: the woman was caught committing adultery; note the conspicious absence of *the man she was committing it with*). 3. The stoning story doesn't appear in the earliest manuscripts of John, which is noted in most bibles, and therefore it's of very questionable authenticity. It only appeared in versions of John that were written a few hundred years later.
Correct, although it's not entirely clear how to properly translate Romans 1:27, especially when they had no concept (much less word) for modern homosexuality at that time. It could very well mean pedastry, which is a similar physical act but has an extremely different connotation.
It is too easy, although it's definitely possible to die if you try to find out just how many orcs you can take on simultaneously. I would recommend not upgrading health or arrows to make it more challenging.
Yeah, but who the fuck elects a 12 year old to lead their country? And if you are going to elect them and give them term limits, why call them "queen"?
Yes and no. Most dictators are still elected, the issue is the validity of their elections. And in any case, Queen is still the wrong word in Basic for whatever it is Amidala was.
&gt; We wouldn't have the Rosary, the Immaculate Conception, the Assumption I consider that a positive. It's completely non-Biblical to think Mary led a sinless life ([see Paul](https://www.biblegateway.com/passage/?search=Romans+3%3A23&amp;version=NRSV)), and if *anyone* needed an unprecedented sin-free conception it should be Jesus's already miraculous conception, not his mother's. You'd think such an incredible event would be mentioned by Jesus or one of the apostles. And that goes for the Assumption too, especially in comparison with their description of the Transfiguration and Ascension.
Correct. However, Shadow of Mordor is a significant upgrade in the implementation of the same idea. You have to time parry much more like the Arkham games or your parry will fail. And your attack animation can be interrupted by an orc attack.
I understand that and reject it. Let me try to explain why: In English, president, emperor, dictator, etc took on new definitions. But the key is that all those words have a consistent definition across all usages. Being "president" of a congregation is still fundamentally the same as being president of a club or the United States. There is no confusion. In Star Wars, queen means one thing on Naboo and something very, very different everywhere else. The whole point of a Galatic Basic Standard is that it is standardized! Words that have different meanings in different places are *more* confusing than different places having unique languages!
Not necessary in this case. Changing mage**s** to wizard**s** works perfectly well.
If smart TVs can get malware to participate in DDoS attacks, why not smart fridges too?
&gt; take fast deep breaths to hyperventilate FYI, this hurts instead of helps. It decreases the amount of oxygen in your blood while tricking your brain into thinking you have a lot. In other words, it makes it more likely you die.
Here’s 11 in no particular order: Rodgers, Brees, Brady, Wilson, Luck, Roethlisberger, Rivers, Romo, Manning, Newton, Palmer. And before this year, I would say Ryan was towards the top of but did not particularly stand out compared to the middle class of QBs (Mariota, Winston, A Smith, Stafford, Carr, Cousins, Dalton, Tannehill, Tyrod). Quibble with a couple of QBs here and there, but I would say it’s very accurate to have considered Ryan a fringe Top 10 QB since he’s been in the league. Especially since Palmer and Newton really only separated themselves from the middle class pack recently.
&gt; I feel Ryan **has always been** The comment wasn't referring to right now, but over the entire course of Ryan's career. And Romo has been unquestionably better for their careers. Ryan has been fringe Top 10, Romo has been fringe Top 5.
Yes and no. My impression is Firaxis came up with a great game in EU, but saw a problem when players figured out how to cheese it with overwatch creep. So in EW they came up with a patch/bandaid to motivate players to be aggressive while leaving the base game fundamentally the same. In XCOM2 they clearly had overwatch creep in mind from the very beginning, and built the entire game from the ground up to avoid it. This allowed them a lot more flexibility to include mission timers, stealth ambushes, and surprise reinforcements. It's entirely possible they came up with those fixes during EW, but the scope of changes necessary to make it work would have been impossible to do for an expansion.
I didn't downvote you (takes too much effort to change the settings on a phone) but if you think one playoff game says more about Ryan's future performance than 16 regular season games you deserve it. Remember when Eli and Flacco were monsters in the postseason in 2011 and 2012? That had absolutely no predictive value for their play the past four seasons.
&gt; Has he truly become an elite qb. And I'm saying if 16 games hasn't convinced you one way or the other, why would one to three more games?
Overwatch creep is sound tactics, but also very slow paced and boring, and not the game design Firaxis was going for. They wanted aggressive firefights, for players to be surprised, get forced into hard situations, deal with permadeath, etc. You don't get that by blue moving and overwatching every turn.
And that season Foles had a 105 passer rating and 2 TDs, 0 INTs in the playoffs. One playoff game doesn't tell you much at all about the following season.
&gt; non-decaf
Except his injury may mean he isn't the same player *IF* he ever gets back on the field. You consider it a 1st, I consider it a wasted pick until I see him play.
&gt; Montana missed 3 games, his team went 3-0, and no one brought it up in the MVP discussion I'm impressed that you are so intimately familiar with the MVP debate from 25 years ago! And maybe no one brought it up because Montana's passer rating was 112, 20 points higher than anyone else's. Brady's isn't even the highest *this season*.
You literally compared them. You didn't equate them, but you compared them.
And once they found it they used that same animation string in every movie.
&gt; People act like they're homopho**b**es. LOL
This is a great point. "Sir, can you describe who did this?" "Yeah, it was four giant, muscled turtles with different colored masks and weapons." "Damn, we will never be able to identify them due to those masks. It's the perfect crime!"
"Chief, I arrested four mutated turtles but how do I tell if these are *the* giant, mutated, ninja turtles we've been looking for? What if these are regular o' law abiding mutated turtles?"
&gt; but you can't deny that it was a dumb thing to do as far as optics are concerned Yes I can. There's absolutely nothing wrong with taking a vacation day if your coach gives you the day off. It's completely stupid to blame him (and almost only him) for doing so.
&gt; the NFLs refusal to hire referees full time Get your facts straight. The NFL *wants* full time refs, it's the refs that refuse to give up their (generally high paying) day jobs.
People complain that the NFL is turning into the No Fun League, and yet here we are bashing players for taking a vacation on an off day even though we all know it didn't matter.
&gt; They could have done any number of productive things to be better prepared for tonight's game. If you have to stay focused on work on an off day, it's not an off day...
&gt; So, the majority of those light saber duels were not holding that "father and son" thing in them. There are only 3 lightsaber battles in the OT, one for each movie: Obi vs Vader, Vader vs Luke, and Vader vs Luke. There is a "father &amp; son" element to all of them - Obi and Vader had lots of aspects of a father/son relationship, and while Luke didn't know Vader certainly did which is why he doesn't kill him immediately. It still doesn't fully explain the choreography differences, but it's there.
Jones is also 35 years older. His voice has changed.
&gt; Now she's staring down the barrel of losing insurance altogether. To be fair, she was right. Her payments won't go up if she loses her healthcare entirely!
The NFL tried that. It was called the Ref Lockout, and you and everyone else bitched about how the lockout refs were terrible.
&gt; Like can you honestly say he shouldn't have been studying tape instead of partying on a yacht in miami? Yes, I can. Watch: It was an off day from work, and he should treat it like an off day from work. No amount of tape watching is going to help him catch a football. At least say something relevant like a jugs machine (not that one more day would have made a difference either).
They did that to fly to Green Bay too.
How is it forcing a ball when Odell is wide fucking open?
And what about an off day do you not understand? His coach told him to NOT prepare on Monday!! Fucking Brady said he flew *across the country* on his off days. It's a normal thing for NFL players to do. You only ever hear about it non-stop after bad games.
&gt; Yeah but Brady fucking wins. Right, that's the whole problem. You don't care whether the boat trip was a problem, you only care the Giants lost and then went looking for the easiest excuse to blame. Even though there's absolutely no reason to think the boat trip or warming up without shirts caused their problems. If the Giants had won people would celebrate how relaxed the Giants receivers were and how the Packers were too uptight due to Rodgers' crazy family situation. It's the same bullshit that happens every year. No one bothers to figure out the truth, they just pick a narrative and run to the fucking moon with it.
Yes, blame the Jedi for not buying Anakin's mother out of slavery while exusing the Empire for killing billions of innocents.
&gt; he could go to someone who does business on Republic worlds (can't be hard to find, with the size of the Republic) That's like saying it should be easy to get someone to accept US Dollars in a market in Iraq.
I would say objectively yes, but neither are great options. Watto would have a much easier time getting fair value for the Republic credits.
Not in response to Pros vs Joes, which had a variety of sports including both footballs.
&gt; Mutton I don't think that word [means](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Lamb_and_mutton) what you think it means.
Instead his campaign made a bold move that resonated with a lot of people. While she was a terrible politician, it's hard to say their decision didn't help the campaign in terms of money and enthusiasm.
Who said he was passing the buck? You can take responsbility for a decision while also not being the person who presented it to him as the best choice. You can't expect a candidate to personally vet every candidate. That's what their staff is for, and you have to trust your staff.
&gt; why focus on the sources that are clearly shady as fuck? A respected and previously trustworthy former MI6 agent's report that the FBI is taking seriously isn't "shady as fuck".
He did act; he didn't go public. Those are different. The FBI reportedly tried to get a warrant to follow Trump's aides, but it was denied. Another report says it was approved months later in October.
That's what I use "Whoops..." for!
&gt; hopefully that means I won't be getting crit'd as much from now on Ah, the gambler's fallacy in the wild!
&gt; It instills discipline and a culture A culture of "don't take what your coach says at face value, there are hidden meanings and unexplained expectations". What a fantastic culture.
One *touchdown* drive!
Based on your comment, I'm guessing you don't. Did you ever read the article?
Almost a decade ago even.
&gt; Maybe Escobar was a total bust Ding ding ding
Neither will anyone, two weeks from now is the bye week before the Super Bowl.
You can instill discipline without fake BS like starting meetings 5-15 minutes before they are scheduled to start. Just require your players to show up on time. It's that easy.
&gt; with the odds of something happening the odds of it happening again lower This is literally not true in any way whatsoever. Sample size has nothing to do with it. The only exception is the game will cheat for you on the lower difficulty levels and prevent multiple bad things from happening.
Exactly! And if he wants it to start at 9:55, then say it's going to start at 9:55! If he wants people to show up early, then tell them to show up early. It's eminently dumb to have a "10am" press conference start at 9:55.
No, the first roll does not affect the second roll in any way. The first attack has a 10% odds of a crit. *Regardless of the result of the first roll* the second attack *also* has a 10% chance of crit. Here are the possible outcomes of two attacks with a 10% crit chance: - 1% chance at two crits - 18% chance at one crit, one non-crit - 81% chance at no crits The RNG has no variable for the result of the previous roll. The RNG doesn't care what happened last time, it has no impact.
He's not telling the players/reporters to show up early. The meeting itself starts 5 minutes early! If you aren't there 5 minutes before the scheduled start time you are late. That's the *exact same thing* as having the meeting start promptly at 10am and expecting everyone to be on time. The only difference is with the 10am meeting you aren't intentionally misleading/lying about the start time like Coughlin is.
Yeah, that's bullshit.
He might intuitively know when to push for a lower price.
His spelling is as accurate as his math.
I expect my kids to play video games long before they're able to type, much less program...
&gt; whereas a Quarterback is involved in every single play. The quarterback isn't even on the field for half of the game!
Accidental shitposts are the best shitposts. Remember green peppers?
Where did you get the impression I was excluding Johnson and McMullin votes from my comment? And the fact that multiple states were so close is *precisely why it matters* that even only a small percentage of Bernie voters abandoned the democrats.
Because trading in a conspiring DNC was worth it to elect someone conspiring with Russia, apparently. And it's hardly a surprise that the Democratic National Committee wanted a career Democrat nominated over a lifelong independent.
Clinton never dismissed a woman reporter's questioning by saying she had "blood coming out of her wherever".
&gt; The trouble with this argument is, it obviously has not hurt his ability to win or put up tremendous offense That's true, but irrelevant. The question was what makes a quarterback great, someone gave an answer that said deep ball was required, and that Brady was their GOAT. Since Brady doesn't have a good deep ball, either OP's criteria or his conclusion is wrong. The fact that Brady has had a lot of success has nothign to do with it.
Witten....
I see Allison will be playing the role of 2014 Adams today
Cowboys should have done a fair catch kick!
Wasn't sure the OLine could hold up long enough for Witten to run 14 yards
I'm guessing you didn't watch the first half when we blitzed constantly and were destroyed
??? I love Romo more than anyone but Dak made 3 bad plays all game
Maybe he's cheering SAS
&gt; It's just not an equivalent match-up. If MMR works than every match-up would be an equal matchup overall, regardless of platform. If PC players were that much better than you, then they'd be ranked higher and you won't play them. If you are playing them, then they must be on an equal skill level with you.
But R2 is still around. It would get confusing.
I believe [this](http://grantland.com/features/how-terminology-erhardt-perkins-system-helped-maintain-dominance-tom-brady-patriots/) is what you are thinking of, but that's the system the Pats use. It's running the same routes out of multiple formations. Here's the [relevant article on the Colts](http://grantland.com/features/how-return-simplicity-peyton-manning-indy-offense-ignited-denver-broncos/), which is pure simplicity - few plays, few formations, all execution.
&gt; doesn't make stupid decisions Did you not see his interception last week? And while one bounced off Brown's hand, the play immediately before Ben threw right to a defender.
&gt; In no instance I can think of would this be reasonable. Any charity that can pay their CEO 400k a year is a *gigantic* organization, and needs a very capable CEO. My guess is such a CEO could make a lot more running a private sector company, and therefore the charity has to pay that much to keep them from leaving and the charity operating. In short, presumably the CEO provides more surplus value to the company than what a cheaper CEO could provide.
LEGO was on the edge of collapsing before making brand deals.
&gt; a Star Wars set at Target will cost more than a Star Wars set at Walmart. I'm assuming that's partly because Walmart has a fraction of the employees per person as Target.
Yes, trade wars exist for a reason just like real wars exist for a reason. Doesn't mean they have good reasons or there aren't better solutions. Protectionism hurts overall trade and economic growth.
This was one of the weirder things about twilight. Every other page described Edward as being pale white and ice cold, and I never understood why someone who looked and *felt* like a statue was appealing.
&gt; Debatable. It's far too early in their career to know either way. You can make a good guess already. But even then, it's almost certain that we'll get a far better return on our investment than y'all.
If the difference between console and PC is only a couple of games, then it's not worth worrying about. If it's a larger difference, then the PC players would always stay above the console players. That's the long term steady state of the system. Since this doesn't happen, except perhaps at the very top of the leaderboard, we know this isn't the case and there is a good mix of players at each skill level.
Yeah, it's not clear to me if NG+ is considered replaying the game, since it's the same story but a very different experience.
Although it's not clear to me that they will be repurposed for combat, since they are in the section about region management.
&gt; this means the enemies get a **free** ~+10% constant chance to deal some damage It's only "free" compared to the base hit chance, but that hit chance has presumably been balanced to compensate. If you move the graze range to only be within the hit, but give +10% to every base hit chance, isn't that the same thing?
&gt; I'd just go watch fucking cable again. Cable isn't on demand. That alone is worth it.
Iit meant today!
You win!
In a world where the civvie response to all out warfare is to hunch over, and *maybe* walk a few feet... I can believe it.
What do you think a reasonable budget is for one game? Because my single-game budget wouldn't be near enough to get a decent computer. Building a computer isn't cheap, and it's more expensive than an equivalent console if you don't already have a monitor, speakers, etc. Especially when you already have a console so you're getting minimum marginal benefit from it. I should know, I built my own PC for XCOM2.
I still think it's dumb you'd get a lesser penalty by simply playing with 12 guys. Short of a timeout there's no way to avoid the penalty once you realize your mistake, but you can get a lesser penalty by 'leaning into' the penalty?
hey u/deaconivory, when I do this: 1. Delete your \My Documents\My Games\XCOM2\XComGame\Config folder, noting any ini edits that you’ve made so you can add them back in to the new file (WinMerge is your friend here). 2. Start your game with the Steam launcher My game refuses to load. What am I doing wrong? And do I care when the only ini changes I've made are the Avenger's population?
You say that like it's a joke, but it is 100% true
I, too, blame the media for reporting the things Trump says.
What about after you learn to steady your rocket shots?
I think that's a fine variation, but like you said it makes for a different game. If timers don't start until you are revealed, the tension of when to go loud is entirely different. You don't sacrifice anything by waiting a few more turns for the perfect situation. Whereas with timers there is significant cost in waiting and you are forced to deal with less than ideal situations.
I imagine it could be terrible trying to get your 7th and 8th guys up the elevator...
Leaving stuff behind for greater mobility is just another tool to use. Don't take snipers without snapshot (or pistol and pistol perks) on missions where you have to run across the map to evac. That's no different than vanilla.
That, and you only play a team in the other conference once every four years, so you don't get a lot of opportunities.
&gt; Better qb situation than **most** teams. Are you sure about that? Considering performance, cost, and age I'd rather have all 15 of these guys: Brees, Ryan, Newton, Winston, Luck, Mariota, Brady, Roethlisberger, Wilson, Palmer, Dak, Rodgers, Stafford, Rivers, Carr. And then I'd think I'd rather have a couple more out of Dalton, Tannehill, etc if for no other reason than they are significantly cheaper.
I was inexplicably able to jump out the side of a truck while advent forces blocked the door. It must have been a bug because that's not an option for OP.
&gt; Try to avoid peeking around corners Can you explain? Wouldn't being in cover on a corner be a good thing?
On the roof you can walk closer to the middle, but what's the alternative to corner peaking? It's just as dangerous to stand in the middle of the alley you are in *and* you aren't in cover if you're caught.
&gt; given the sniper rifle requires two actions to fire. Pistols, yo.
Or hit them with a grenade to soften them up, and then finish with a shot.
&gt; except for the ugly cake with branch-like candles And the two cakes with 9 candles each she interpreted as her 18th birthday. Not saying she's necessarily correct, but she was well older than 9 when she had that dream and I don't think we saw her at 9 years old at any point in her story.
What's the point of having a specialist with aid protocol if not to make unnecessarily risky moves into half cover?
You would never layer a letterman jacket over a hoodie and a jersey. You could, but you wouldn't.
&gt; Most of the mod is designed to be very intuitively if you're thinking about it like managing a resistance war, There's no intuition that tells you to put a soldier as a haven advisor otherwise your supply drop will be borked indefinitely.
&gt; 70-50=20 Your math is correct, but the application is not. Count the amount of numbers from 50 to 70 and see what you get. (It'll be 21) Why? Three numbers between 50 and 70 end with a 0, and 18 end with a 1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 6, 7, 8, or 9.
&gt; 1) AWC and Officer training. 1,000% agree.
http://www.pavonisinteractive.com/phpBB3/viewtopic.php?f=15&amp;t=23646
Any of the DLCs required if you want to try out the GOT mod?
That's a common saying on reddit, but it isn't accurate. There is a difference between guerrilla warfare and terrorism, with the clearest distinction surrounding whether you attack military targets or if you include civilian targets. The XCOM2 resistance clearly falls on the guerrilla warfare side – all of XCOM’s operations are directed at military targets with practical goals - military convoys to gain supplies/deprive them from Advent, communications relays to protect/defend military intelligence, direct attacks on military bases, etc. Even u/mybodyisreadyyo nading two civilians is not terrorism but collateral damage since it was incidental to an attack on a soldier. It would certainly be painted in a negative light by Advent, but if a couple of civilian deaths made it terrorism, every war ever fought was terrorism and the term loses all meaning when we know there’s a difference between that and suicide bombing a passenger train. IIRC, the only time XCOM crosses the terrorism line is blowing up the statue in gatecrasher – that’s not really a military target and is intended to inspire fear/send a message. But even then, no civilian deaths.
&gt; Go on as many of the "Find A Lead" missions as possible. Is it worthwhile to go on multiple "Find a Lead" missions in the same region at the same time? Or does completing one satisfy the Lead requirement?
It's the same answer. Conventional and guerrilla are subsets of warfare, which is distinct from terrorism. Warfare that becomes terrorism is called "committing a war crime".
Hmm.... They have decent HP, right? Make you could "inspect" your rescuees by bunching them up and dropping a grenade on them to see if anyone turns into a faceless...
Don't go near the edge?
You're right, I didn't say quite what I meant. You need the infiltration percentage *at the squad selection page* when you have the most control over it, not right before the mission starts. LW2 already displays your infiltration *time*, when the player primarily cares about *percentage*. It would be extremely easy to program and a great benefit to the player to put the percentage right next to it. I don't want to have to pull out a calculator to figure out what "125%" of 6 days and 20 hours is every time. And that assumes I even know 125% is the threshold, since that isn't spelled out in the game either. Also, boosting is not a flat 75% but a percentage increase, which means its actual impact varies each mission and again you need a calculator to figure it out.
I didn't realize it was entitlement to critique LW2 design in a thread called "LW2 criticism".
They also seem to "instinctively" know where to patrol to flank you.
Not true. Although I've had issues with area suppression surrounding LOS, ammo, and getting cancelled when fire at, it *will* fire on multiple enemies. I've killed two drones with one area suppression before.
As I heard it first explained 100, 125, 150, and 200 were hard benchmarks were Advent levels dropped (and 150 and 200 is when the Firebrand response time drops). Only today did I hear the borders were fuzzy.
&gt; I was informed that a Crit does NOT raise a Graze to a Hit. You probably misheard or someone misspoke. Crit does not raise a MISS to a graze.
Correct, they are asymmetric. However, you're probably correct that it's balanced overall because crit can be so much higher. Apparently, you can change the asymmetry if you'd like, [see here](https://www.reddit.com/r/Xcom/comments/5qbisc/grazes_visualised/dcy2f7l/).
Also depending on your career, you might not have unlocked space walks!
&gt; XCOM 2 or Rocket League, or any roguelikes Who showed you my library?
&gt; AWC first only makes sense on Rookie difficulty Is it still not worth it to get officers faster? I honestly hsve no idea.
And is now enacting those racist, xenophobic policies.
&gt; When Kornheiser brought up discussion points Tirico chose not to engage Re-read the article, you have it backwards. Tiricio brought up points and Kornheiser couldn't talk about them. "I’d go into the game with all the stuff Tony wanted to do, tee up Tony on this ... I could never ask Tony about anything that happened on the field ... he didn’t have a ton of information on that"
Maybe that's what they meant, but it's not Tirico "hanging him out to dry" if Tony can't function without Tirico looking at him.
I know it's made up, but that's irrelevant to my point. My point is the president is using this racist story to justify his voter fraud argument.
["Claiming a person can't do their job because of their race is sort of like the textbook definition of a racist comment"](http://www.politico.com/story/2016/06/paul-ryan-trump-judge-223991)
He said he was hostile and partial judge due to his race.
At least it will graze!
He lied about his opinion.
All of Obama's restrictions were temporary, with exceptions, and due to specific reasons (like finding the US had approved someone whose fingerprints were found on an IED). It was not a blanket ban to all forms of travelers without warning.
This is 100% wrong. Legal residents with green cards and approved work visas were also banned from entering the US. They have been forbidden from boarding flights to the US, and those that were in transit to the US when the ban went into effect were detained as they got off the plane. Here is an article about a [woman on a work visa](http://patch.com/ohio/cleveland/cleveland-clinic-doctor-denied-entry-us-ohio-senators-speak-out) who has been legally working in the US since July. She flew back to the US on Saturday to try and avoid the ban, but was detained at the airport and then forced to fly back to Saudi Arabia. She is now a refugee.
1. Bernie lost because fewer people voted for him. 2. Hillary was still an infinitely better option than Trump.
Did you seriously just argue white supremacy is sometimes *necessary*?
I said "Does that make it okay? Do you think Trump stereotypes people only by their ethnicity?" Your response was "there are times when you should put yourself first". Sounds like you said 'there are times when you should put yourself ahead of other people's ethnicities'. Feel free to correct me and/or answer my original question.
Back to silence, I see. I'm still waiting for your "good reason" a judge would let Trump's stance towards Mexico affect his ruling on Trump University. A reason beyond the judge's ethnicity.
Sure, but not everyone in the US has insurance. As a teacher, Walter would have, but speaking generally not everyone does.
If his only motivation was to get money, he would have taken his former partner's offer to pay for it. He didn't, therefore it wasn't simply about the money. Plotwise it's hardly any different from him refusing to take money from the government to pay for his treatment.
&gt; People who've suddenly lost their ability to vault over low cover Oh thank god. I have a mission where my guys can only jump off a building roof from two specific tiles and it is really fucking me up. I tried replaying the mission multiple times, but when I can't get off the roof to get the flank or into cover (much less the extra turns to get to evac) it ruins everything.
Ah, fair enough. I was interpreting "afford to go for checkups" as meaning someone who had health insurance and and "expensive doctor's appointment" as someone didn't. You were clarifying that insurance (if you had it) actually covered the expensive visit.
The example in futurama is different - you can't have the joke without the science. In this case the writer *does* have full knowledge of the science. And in breaking bad they had season length plot lines around obtaining the materials needed for the chemistry to avoid legal trouble. The details weren't necessary (chemical a vs B) but the science was still integral to the plot. Big Bang is entirely different. You don't need science for penny to laugh at whatever nerdy thing Leonard or Sheldon just said. And it's clear the writers *do* have pop culture nerd knowledge, just not science knowledge.
I would love to play with my friends, but they are on Xbox one and I'm on steam and as much fun as it would be I'm not about to buy a $400 rocket league box.
A couple days later the same player was [trapped in an elevator](https://www.google.com/amp/deadspin.com/bobsledder-who-got-stuck-in-sochi-bathroom-is-now-stuck-1519897482/amp) at Sochi.
Are you really that cocky after Beasley gave up the equalizer? Bruce used his b-team to [park the bus](https://twitter.com/Caley_graphics/status/874096849333997573) and got a result. It's a defensible tactic since we didn't need a win (especially seeing the elbow to Wood's face), but, personally, I would have used the game as one of our only warm-ups against quality competition for the WC.
&gt; He is resting our A team for CR I feel like it's possible to play a game this weekend and still be plenty rested in September....
One is a WCQ and one is a Friendly...
I don't think you can expect two Bradley wondergoals in an entire cycle!
Different views that the majority of the world are second class humans.
We had a good run of uniforms I hated at first but quickly grew to like. The Beauty Pagent Sashs, Waldos, and the Rocket Pops come to mind.
If you are improving, that by definition means there's another way to go that isn't up. Hint: It's where you were before you improved.
&gt; Kids grow up thinking Robert E. Lee was a~~n honorable~~ man that only fought in the Civil War because he so loved Virginia. But that's accurate? If he had been born in Maryland, he would have fought for the Union. He was still pretty racist (especially by modern standards), but he didn't fight for the Confederacy to defend slavery, but because his loyalty to his home state was more important than his loyalty to country/the humanity of slaves.
Electoral result by county adjusted for [population](http://static6.businessinsider.com/image/582c7dd8ba6eb69a018b4902-1200/but-many-of-those-blue-counties-contain-dense-cities-resizing-counties-by-population-it-becomes-a-little-clearer-why-clinton-is-likely-to-narrowly-win-the-popular-vote-but-lose-in-the-electoral-college.jpg). See those four large blue blobs just left of center? That's Dallas, Austin, San Antonio, and Houston.
&gt; the judicial is still working for us by knocking his ass down time and time again. Although the concern in the long run is Trump now gets to pick all of the federal and supreme court judges and the Senate will actually approve them.
&gt; Also, there were quite a few generals who fought for the Union despite being from the South Yeah, I only recently learned something like 40% of officers from Virginia fought for the North.
What about the ~3 months before he recused himself?
&gt; Don't forget Palin's ads with crosshairs, which led to some wing nut shooting Giffords Palin ran the ad, and a wing nut shot Giffords, but the events were in no way related despite what the NYTimes op ed says. http://www.washingtonexaminer.com/nyt-still-peddling-trash-about-palin-and-the-gabrielle-giffords-shooting/article/2626049 Edit: The NYTimes has issued a correction about their editorial, stating [no such link was ever established.](https://twitter.com/oliverdarcy/status/875367516113166336)
&gt; The gun nuts don't like to quote the first half of the sentence It also requires a well regulated militia, which means it's Constitutional to have gun restrictions and requirements. No well regulated militia would allow unhinged people to keep guns, and they would all require training in use and safety.
It is saying the people have the right to bear arms because they *are* the militia. They are not two separate identities, they are one and the same.
I'm sorry if you are so severely biased you won't learn facts. Loughen was obsessed with Giffords for years before Palin, and didn't read the news or listen to any politician. Chances are he never even saw the Palin ad, and there is literally zero evidence he was motivated by it.
Where are you sourcing *your* facts?
If the first part isn't reliant on the second, why is the first part about militias in there at all?
A friend who knew him from middle school to college, [who the shooter called the night before the attack](http://www.motherjones.com/politics/2011/01/jared-lee-loughner-friend-voicemail-phone-message/), is a reliable source on his personality. The shooter asked Giffords a question at an event in 2007, and he complained about his frustration with her answer. He kept [the thank you note from Giffords in his room in a box where he wrote](http://www.cnn.com/2011/CRIME/01/12/arizona.shooting.suspect/) "phrases like "die bitch" and "assassination plans have been made." He clearly had a problem with Giffords that went back well before Palin.
The NYTimes has issued a retraction, stating no such link was ever established. https://twitter.com/oliverdarcy/status/875367516113166336
The 2nd Amendment doesn't give anyone the "authority", it gives them the "ability". In theory anyway. I feel I answered your question about this apparent inconsistency adequately, but you are arguing against something I never said. Of course the Fed gov't has the authority to shut down rebellions. The Declaration of Independence (which isn't a "legal" document) gives the people the authority to overthrow governments. The 2nd Amendment is the means this can be fulfilled.
&gt; The DNC pushed Hillary Clinton Are we just going to ignore that she got 3 million more votes than Sanders? Both the DNC *and the Democratic voters* wanted Hillary.
No, you also have to be upside down *when the goal is scored* for it to be a turtle goal.
Over the past few years, cops have killed 900-1000 people per year, and roughly 1 cop per year was convicted.
I know, I'm agreeing with you. I just wanted to add that he was fine using select facts to get those feelings in the first place.
&gt; Im not saying it takes decades but your not going to be a week old and under stand how to properly use the myriad technologies and squad formations that were used. Why not? These aren't human children, they are half-human/half-orcs and presumably imbued with magic. They sprung forth fully developed physically, why couldn't they also be fully developed mentally?
Yet Trump wasted no time [to tweet after another terror attack in London](https://www.washingtonpost.com/news/worldviews/wp/2017/06/05/trump-was-terrorized-by-the-london-attack-while-britain-stood-firm/?utm_term=.7cbfb98afae9), using it as justification for his Muslim ban.
He's basically saying all facts that support his position are good and useful, but all other facts are irrelevant because of feelings (feelings he created with his selective facts)! He's the purest form of an evil politician.
"Over the past 10 years (2007-2016), domestic extremists of all kinds have killed at least 372 people in the United States. Of those deaths, approximately 74% were at the hands of right-wing extremists, about 24% of the victims were killed by domestic Islamic extremists, and the remainder were killed by left-wing extremists." https://www.adl.org/education/resources/reports/murder-and-extremism-in-the-united-states-in-2016
I believe you're missing my point. I'm speaking to the overall cop mentality that they could be killed in any encounter, largely due to the high number of guns out there, and therefore they are trigger happy. Philando Castille died because the cop simply heard the word "gun" and saw a black man. Nothing else mattered (like the fact that he wasn't handling it or in anyway threatened the cop) but the cop immediately panicked and killed him. There are other issues as well (particularly racism) but it's a lot easier to decrease guns than it is to decrease racism.
Sure that sucks, but it's how the team did and not you specifically. I've been on the reverse end of that (lowest score overall, still winning team) and most of the time it's because my teammates ball chased so I just hung back on D. You don't get any points for breaking up counterattacks before they happen, but they still help.
Likely related if you lost to players ranked below you (a big negative) but then beat players ranked at your new, lower level (a smaller positive).
You can play with people on PC from an xbox, so does it matter that much?
&gt; when I posted time frames more than three orders of magnitude smaller demonstrating MUCH higher swing rates among GOP voters The whole point of the criticism was the Syria bombing is a *good* example of what you are trying to prove and NAFTA opinion is not due *entirely* to the massive time difference between the two. An entire generation of people died and another reached voting age between the two NAFTA polls. 25 years ago Republicans debated over humane immigration reform and increased taxes, now they demonize immigrants and are willing to let Americans die to cut taxes for the rich. It is not a fair comparison.
Here's what you sound like: 1. 2+2 = 4 2. 2+5 = 7 3. 2+7 = 11 "Hey, the first two are right but the third one is wrong" It doesn't matter because the first two are right and you're just cherry-picking!
You're entirely correct that Sanders won the *Democractic* primary. But what matters is the statewide election, and Bernie won't win that. In the Republican primary, Trump got more votes than Bernie despite the fact that every one of Trump's opponents had withdrawn from the race. Further, in the general election Trump's margin of victory was 42 points, and all three congressional seats went to Republicans by a margin of 43 to 15 points. West Virginia does have a Democratic governor... who is the former owner of a coal company.
Winning a primary isn't the same as winning a general election. Trump got more primary votes in an unopposed race than Bernie got against Hillary.
~~And that's the price you pay for Manchin to hold the line against the AHCA.~~
He's not actually better if he doesn't *do* anything different from the rest of the GOP. The only good things McCain has done recently is give the Steele dossier to the FBI (who already had it) and trying to run a shadow government to tell our allies we are still allies.
That sounds like Marco "Here's a bunch of reasons Tillerson would be a bad Secretary of State but I'm gonna vote for him anyway" Rubio.
I know, but when the president is sued is he not represented in court by the DOJ? Yates said the DOJ would not defend Trump's order in court.
Not an acceptable answer. Even spies and murderers get legal representation. A lawyer does not have to agree with their cause to defend it.
&gt; choosing to not represent the administration Is a violation of the spirit of the 6th Amendment, which says everyone gets legal counsel.
Yeah, but most people pull strings to get their kids *out* of danger, not to put them in it.
Bullying doesn't really occur until middle school age, and these kids look to be younger than that.
It's illegal to go over the speed limit. There is no guarantee you'll have a short commute on a toll road. You have no standing.
&gt; and it is reported in imperial rather than metric units Of course it is. If France did a story on a record high temperate in the US, do you think they would report it in Farhenheit, or in the local units their readership easily understands?
Same, it's always no problem. You're gonna make mistakes, I'm gonna make mistakes because we are both the same rank. It's all good. I'd much rather lose with a fun teammate than win with a shitty one.
Presbyterian here. We've already made it clear [we reject Trump's claim to be Presbyterian](https://www.pcusa.org/news/2015/12/11/pcusa-stated-clerk-responds-questions-trumps-membe/), we certainly aren't taking his kids.
Debateable. The parable inspiring OP's post implies Jesus only cares about what people *do*, not what they claim to be.
But well after the formation of city-states and their association with cultural identity. "The foreigner residing among you must be treated as your native-born. Love them as yourself, for you were foreigners in Egypt. I am the LORD your God." [Leviticus](http://biblehub.com/leviticus/19-34.htm). The phrase "good Samaritan" is from a story Jesus told of a Jewish man who was beaten and not helped his fellow Jews, but was helped by a foreign Samaritan. Jesus finished the story by saying go and do likewise. And finally, perhaps most importantly, **Jesus was a middle eastern refugee who fled to another country to avoid an oppressive ruler trying to kill him**.
&gt; I don't think I've ever completed a game 100% in my entire life. The LEGO games are nice for this because you eventually unlock items that indicate where those last few stubborn items are located.
At the same time, maximum coverage also means maximum effect. Media is a business, but maximum coverage is important for multiple reasons.
Yeah, that's not true at all. Both religions are religions of peace. Throughout history people have used those religions and others to do great things. They've also used them to do terrible things. The problem is that's true for just about any association. People need these associations to pull us together and form communities, so we have shared things with people we don't know about. The problem is these same associations can be used to attack people outside the group. Until utopia is reached, these shared associations will always be used for good and bad. Religion itself is not the problem, people are the problem.
Well, Jesus stopped showing up to meetings so people had to figure out how to run it on their own.
I'm pumped because I just hit Gold 1 and then I come see this on the front page.... (still pumped)
In other words, almost exactly what happened in the House. Imploded the first time, and then barely passed after some minor ass covering changes.
And then the money multipliers... that *stack*!
Why am I getting downvoted for saying something true? Diegobyte said the Republicans they know don't have fulltime jobs. However, overall Republicans are more likely to have higher paying fulltime jobs with benefits, in large part because the poor/unemployed/underemployed (which are disproportionately minorities) primarily vote Democratic. And then you provide data that backups my point, yet people are downvoting me?! [Hillary won more voters with incomes under $50k, while Trump won (slightly) more voters among everyone who made more than $50k.](http://www.businessinsider.com/exit-polls-who-voted-for-trump-clinton-2016-11/#by-income-clinton-led-only-among-voters-with-a-2015-family-income-under-50000-a-group-that-included-36-of-the-voters-in-the-exit-polls-4)
&gt; Cheaper for taxpayers to subsidize low skilled wages so those workers can find jobs rather than wholly subsidize them. Cheaper for taxpayers, **better for the low-skill worker** (pride/job-training) and, obviously, good for Wal-Mart. Wrong. It's cheaper for the company, customers, and public, but it is worse for the worker. Encouraging people to find jobs is fine, and subsidizing low paying jobs is a good idea in theory (the problem: creates perverse incentives for companies to race to the bottom and let the government cover the rest). But it is particularly bad when the government is reducing benefits and kicking people off safety net programs. Now you're forcing people to choose between keeping their Medicaid, or working 30 hours a week and losing their health insurance while not making enough to afford it on their own. That's a worse case scenario!!
Trump is expendable to the GOP politicians, but the base *loves* him. They can't afford to throw Trump under the bus without splitting their party in half.
Don't forget that the GOP allows IDs that their voters are likely to have (gun licenses), but not IDs Democrats are more likely to have (student and safety net IDs).
You're not addressing what I'm talking about. To wit: 1. Because "most" minimum wage workers are young, does that mean we shouldn't care about the millions of adults in those jobs? Most of the young will move on, but the adults won't - this is their everyday life. 2. You can be above the poverty line and still not have health insurance. That's exactly where most of the 25 million Americans without health insurance sit - above the poverty line, below the solid middle class jobs with benefits. 3. Republicans are pushing a healthcare bill to *double* the size of the healthcare gap. Their plan includes permanently kicking people off Medicaid if they get a real job for a short period of time, and then not allowing them to get back on Medicaid later. 4. Further, the GOP plan will also impose caps on insurance payouts and harm many other aspects, making many healtcare plans insufficient and not true healthcare.
That's been obvious for decades. Back to the Future based [future Biff off of Donald Trump](https://pbs.twimg.com/media/CkDvbzUWgAQ_cLR.jpg).
&gt; is not made to have to put out the deep existential ones. The ACA/Obamacare was a huge improvement to an existential problem.
&gt; Democrats hold 23 of the 33 seats up for a vote. There are 10 Democratic senators running in states that President Trump won, five of whom are from states that Trump won by about 20 percentage points or more. Meanwhile, there are only two Republican senators (Arizona’s Jeff Flake and Nevada’s Dean Heller) up for re-election in states Hillary Clinton came within 5 points of winning in 2016. Democrats currently need 18 GOP Senators to get rid of Trump. There are literally not 18 GOP Senators up for reelection next year. Even if Dems won every single race (and they won't) they would still be short.
I have no idea what you mean. Only 33 Senators are up for election in 2018!
&gt; Funny how the candidates that ran with Obama's support won. Probably because they ran in districts that were still strongly in support of Obama/Democrats....
Hmm, you may be right. Other articles only state it didn't count student IDs.
Eh. My understanding is he was only one Liebermann vote/Kennedy death from getting a public option, and by pushing us in this direction it makes it more likely in the future. Honestly, in hindsight I think it's a miracle he had 59.5 votes in the Senate. I think Democrats are in big trouble there long term (9 Dem Senators from Trump states, only 3 GOP Senators from Hillary states IIRC).
Well, you seem to have all the stats for minimum wage people. Why don't you show them for the just above minimum wage? Because your entire argument falls apart if it's *not* cheaper to subsidize "low skilled wages" when they can't afford healthcare. Especially when the GOP isn't at all concerned about subsidizing those people. &gt; Cheaper for taxpayers to subsidize low skilled wages so those workers can find jobs rather than wholly subsidize them.
You are correct, he didn't have anything to do with the memos.
You have to prove residency when you register to vote. Suprisingly, it's really hard to prove that your thumb has residency in a different district/polling location when it isn't a human being with an address.
You bought stolen property. You have no more right to it than the federal government that originally stole it and sold it.
Can you prove the US stole its land?
No one. You aren't going to find two debatable GOAT QBs that start their careers at the same time in the same conference and battle back and forth for 15 years. Who was Brady/Manning before them?
Maybe it's due to flipping?
"**Only 13 percent of adults covered by Medicaid’s expansion are able-bodied and not working, in school, or seeking work**. Of that small group, three-quarters report they are not working in order to care for family members and the rest report other reasons, like being laid off ... Medicaid expansion enrollees are more likely to be working or looking for work than the general public, unless they are burdened by ill health or the needs of their families. Moreover, Medicaid expansions could make it easier for beneficiaries to find work" http://healthaffairs.org/blog/2017/03/06/myths-about-the-medicaid-expansion-and-the-able-bodied/
You have it wrong. The government has a net savings of $300 billion. That's after reducing expenses by $1 trillion and tax cuts for the rich of *$700* billion.
Uh... the whole series? Voldemort's body was destroyed when Harry was a baby, but his soul lived. In the 4th book he got his body back. In the 7th book the whole plot centers around them trying to destroy all of the horcruxes so they can finish Voldemort once and for all. If they could have just killed Voldemort with a sniper rifle shot, why would they have bothered with the horcruxes at all?
She said that a gun could take out a wizard, I don't believe she said anything specific about Voldy.
&gt; The trick of healthcare is convincing the people with good insurance plans from employers to abandon those for ones that don't give them preferential treatment. That's an easy solution but a hard sell - eliminate tax deductions for employer health plans. Employers will start phasing out health insurance on their own.
And I'm saying that a bunch of semi-moderate voters *really really hate* the "r-card" being used. Winning them over is going to be hard, but it's even harder when they oppose your message. Just look at how many people, including people opposed to the healthcare reform, are mad that Hillary, Bernie, and others are saying that it will kill people!
That *was* a private fire department in every practical sense. &gt; The county does not have a county-wide firefighting service, but South Fulton offers fire coverage to rural residents for a fee. He didn't pay the fee, so he didn't get the services. That's a private service.
Ok. The US has the highest healthcare costs in the world while our life expectancy is only 31st. Please prove how we have better healthcare than every socialized system ahead of us.
&gt; we try to save everyone Aside from the 10% (potentially soon 20%) we don't even cover at all. Maybe that has something to do with it...
Prove it. It the meantime, socialized medicine country still have better results. That's the most important factor.
I think that's the reason why it feels so great - it's like the final good play is your reward for not giving up or being toxic.
Relatively speaking? Hell yes she was. For one, she actually pushed to increase healthcare for children and not actively work to take it away like Trump currently is. For two, her [charity actually raised money](https://www.washingtonpost.com/politics/what-we-know-about-the-charitable-giving-by-hillary-clinton-and-donald-trump/2016/08/25/1b261400-6a30-11e6-ba32-5a4bf5aad4fa_story.html?utm_term=.7462fe4c0be9) to help charitable causes, and wasn't [solely a front for publicility](https://www.washingtonpost.com/politics/trump-boasts-of-his-philanthropy-but-his-giving-falls-short-of-his-words/2016/10/29/b3c03106-9ac7-11e6-a0ed-ab0774c1eaa5_story.html?tid=a_inl&amp;utm_term=.755d073cf34e) and [funneling money back to the Trump family](https://www.forbes.com/sites/danalexander/2017/06/06/how-donald-trump-shifted-kids-cancer-charity-money-into-his-business/#55d7934f6b4a).
Yes, cultural references from 15 years ago are considered old.
&gt; even if they voted at all. I'm pretty sure you *can* look this up. I don't know how, but I know campaigns use this information when targeting voters in Get Out the Vote pushes.
&gt; If you don't pay you don't get to use the roads. And my question is when someone uses the roads without paying for them, what is the company going to do about it to force them to pay? Because if the company doesn't force them to pay, then the whole system breaks down.
If you can't answer a basic interview question without being a douche, I bet you're not likely to follow standard procedures without being a douche. That's valuable information for an employer to find out in an interview.
Okay, so in your world "dying younger" is not evidence of an inferior healthcare system. What are the "acceptable" methods of evaluating healthcare?
&gt; It's also only 2 years less than the UK. 3 less than France. And since there are 330 million people in the US, we are talking about "only" losing about a billion years of human life.
&gt; It wasn't a bad thing. It's workplace sexism. As I asked before, do you have an example of Trump complimenting the physical appearance of a male underling?
They are the same because one is complimenting a woman for conforming to the demand. Trump didn't make the demand in this moment because he didn't have to - as my links above show, women hear the demand all of the time. Further, the point you keep avoiding addressing is that Trump would *never* say this to a man. That is the definition of sexism.
&gt; It might have some impact, but it doesn't make socialization right. "Some people would be healthier, but that is not a priority for me because I am not one of those people"
Okay. So where does the US fall on your spectrum? Because, from what I can tell, the US doesn't have a strong welfare state and therefore you think the US should be more like the Scandinavian countries. That means moving *towards* Socialism and away from pure capitalism, even if you don't go all the way to "full socialism". Is that correct?
I was about to ask how could you not like Steam, but your internet situation makes total sense.
Cool. [Here's proof](https://www.vox.com/health-care/2017/6/29/15885796/medicaid-senate-gop-health-bill-benefits-bcra) that it *does*, at least in part, have to do with access to healthcare.
&gt; So a union heavily relys on how well the leaders run it and use their power. I also think the comparisons life experiences with and without a union are key. Many of the very basic rights your grandfather's union would have fought for are now law and/or commonplace. Therefore the marginal returns of union membership are much lower than they used to be.
Fine. How about we focus on the specifics (smiling) and the [pattern of behavior of the person in question](http://link.washingtonpost.com/click/9962999.29866/aHR0cHM6Ly93d3cud2FzaGluZ3RvbnBvc3QuY29tL25ld3MvdGhlLWZpeC93cC8yMDE3LzA2LzI5L3RydW1wcy1sYXRlc3QtYXR0YWNrLW9uLW1pa2EtYnJ6ZXppbnNraS1pcy1kcmlwcGluZy13aXRoLXNleGlzbS8_d3Bpc3JjPW5sX21vc3Qmd3BtbT0x/5829e31da79328d5628b4568C79fe1d2e)?
By the same token, I use impeachment colloquially to mean the whole process and not just the initial vote by the House. Now I imagine you'll pedantically correct me for only writing House instead of House of Representatives.
Okay. Follow-up question: if donation is sufficient to provide everyone healthcare, why doesn't everyone currently have healthcare? After all, there's nothing stopping people from donating to provide healthcare to everyone right now. But they aren't. And cutting the current programs would [cost even more](http://religionnews.com/2017/06/26/analysis-congregations-cant-make-up-for-proposed-federal-budget-cuts/).
&gt; peacemaker I was really confused why someone with a gun would be considered a cybord before I realized you meant a heart pacemaker.
A lot fewer of them are dying due to guns, and they don't have fascist presidents, so pretty damn well I'd say.
That is pure fantasy. Even with the current taxes there is still plenty of disposable money out there to insure the 28 million without it, but it's not happening. You want proof? 57 million Americans didn't have health insurance before the ACA. The ACA increased taxes, health insurance coverage went up. That proves that there was money available but people weren't spending it on other people's health insurance. Now they are.
The cop ordered the man to both reach for his pocket *and* to not reach for his pocket. He had no way to comply. The officer killed him before bothering to analyze the situation to see if he was a threat because the man was very obviously not a threat. You don't respectfully tell an officer you have a gun before pulling it on him.
"The vast majority of the NRA attendees are white, and the imagined threats at all of the panels—Mexicans, Islamic terrorists from the Middle East and Africa—are not. Studies clearly link gun ownership and opposition to certain gun-control laws with expressions of racism. This is not to say that every gun owner is racist, ... a group of four researchers found that for every one-point increase in symbolic racism there was a 50 percent increase in the chance of that person having a gun in their home, and a 28 percent increase in the odds that they support concealed-carry legislation." https://www.thenation.com/article/gun-sales-are-plummeting-and-trump-wants-to-help/
You decided to make Altidore the butt of your joke. At least pick Wondo or someone who deserves it.
Copy and pasted [from here](https://www.reddit.com/r/soccer/comments/8opunf/longform_own_goal_the_inside_story_of_how_the/e05avvr): &gt;TL;DR: Klinsmann is almost entirely to blame. &gt; &gt;Sure, Arena got same blame for not qualifying for the WC but its quickly excused by saying he was put into the coaching seat too late and after US lost two games in the Hex under Klinsmann. &gt; &gt;Also, apparently even if the USMNT had qualified, the horrible job Klinsmann did in managing the team would mean Arena would face the toughest challenge ever in managing the USMNT at the WC. &gt; &gt;The article is plagued with double standards and a clear narrative though; Cameron who complained of not starting for the team is painted as breaking team cohesion and not being committed to the team. Meanwhile, Landon Donovan who takes a sabbatical and had his share of drama with the USMNT leading up to his exclusion from the USMNT 2014 WC is lauded as a hero. &gt; &gt;Not taking him to the WC is built up as the turning point for Klinsmanns reign, even though the article states the USMNT surpassed all expectations at the 2014 WC under Klinsmann. &gt; &gt;Read the whole article, and while their are some good takeaways there are points that made me roll my eyes. If you're at work but would rather avoid doing work feel free to read, otherwise spend your free time doing something else.
Considering how apparently biased he was against MLS and its players, I doubt he would have been a good technical director. He clearly decided it was his way or the highway, without the reasoning or actionable plan to back it up.
Nope, but he would have been able to do more than Johansson and Wondo.
&gt;Perhaps he is the only man who stepped up to wear the armband, I think this is the truth. I think it fell to him by default after Bocanegra and Donovan were dismissed. Dempsey wouldn't be a good captain, Howard apparently isn't interested, and then who else is left?
Fully agree on Chandler's mindset potentially due to disillusion with Klinsman. However, the article says Wood started the next game, ignoring Chandler's advice.
Except the article clearly states he didn't put in the work as the technical director, and that wasn't the job he applied for initially.
Dempsey very clearly didn't want to put in the effort to get rid of a bad coach, when his voice was absolutely needed to make the change. That sucks.
We did fire both managers and the president effectively resigned. I think our current development strategies are working, it just takes 5\-10 years for those effects to take place so there's no reason to burn it to the ground for the sins of the 00s. More could be done, but I don't think burning it to the ground is the best strategy. It seems like the people primarily responsible are gone.
There's a massive difference between being a college student and being the face of the 'franchise', both in terms of the stakes involved and the authority of the player. By speaking up Dempsey could have helped prevent the US from missing a World Cup, and his final World Cup. And it wouldn't be coming from a teenager, but one of the most veteran players on the roster.
I don't either, but he would have made the team better.
Having read it through myself now: Gulati wanted Klinsman for a long time. Klinsman sold him on a vision, but he didn't have the plan to back it up. He was biased against MLS players, training was all about fitness and never tactics, and cut veterans from the roster primarily to assert his authority (Donovan and Bocanegra specifically named). When Gulati heard from players and staff that Klinsman wasn't working out, he doubled down and gave Klinsman even more power and an extension, seemingly to avoid admitting he made a mistake in getting Klinsman in the first place. Even shorter: Klinsman is the fraud Lahm called him out as years ago, while Gulati crossed his fingers and hoped instead of fixing a problem he created.
MLS is currently the best the the USMNT has going for it. It's finally creating a talent pipeline that we've never had before, and went particularly dry for players that should be in their prime/mid to late 20s now. The US's biggest advantage is sheer population, and you completely undercut that advantage by requiring players to play in Europe. Players who have the resources and ability to go to Europe if they can/want should go, but we should expect the bulk of the USMNT to be developed here. And if they aren't, we should improve things here and not blame teenagers for not moving to a foreign country. Klinsman was in a poor spot with not great talent and rising CONCACAF competition, but he destroyed the hand he was dealt. He clearly never should have been in charge in the first place, as he was incomptent and had no real plan.
Americans would describe the player as "unstoppable"
&gt;the US media pushed an agenda to oust him, as evidenced by the article and comments made by Gulati They did such a good job it only took 3.5 more years! The media turned on Klinsman because \*everyone\* turned on Klinsman. He didn't know what he was doing and what he did he did poorly. The media \*should\* have turned on him. MLS academies are currently producing more talent and expanding the player pool more than anything ever has in US history.
&gt;Sane is not Mueller or Ozil, so he can't expect to be a pick until he earns it. But that's an absurd standard. That makes it seem like Ozil is the standard to be on the squad, but that's obviously not true. All you have to do is be better than the worst player.
I say that's a bunch of nonsense. I'm in diamond and I cannot coordinate jumping off the wall, rotating, and boosting for a ball in the middle like that, and I cannot be the only one. I know it's largely because I'm know I'm bad at it and therefore don't attempt it and don't practice/get better, but I don't have enough gaming time that I want to spend it practicing.
But that's a dumb thing to say, because no one is arguing that he's more important to the team than Ozil. People are just arguing that he's good enough to be on the team at all!
Like you think Trump will willingly leave office. He already campaigned that the 2016 vote was a fraud (until he won, and even then is pissy about losing the popular vote). You think he's gonna bow out gracefully if he loses or is term locked?
&gt;They are World Cups in name but not in spirit. In what possible way is this true? Are teams from countries all over the world playing soccer against each other and they hand out a trophy to the winner? Then it's the World Cup. Don't blame the USA because Russia stole Europe's slot.
Doubt Canada would be interested in pulling off even a 32 team WCF by themselves.
Try designing a tournament with somewhere between 36 and 44 teams and you'll see why jumping to 48 makes sense. You need to eventually get to a multiple of 2 (specifically, 16 or 32), and you need to eliminate a decent chunk of teams to prevent the group stage from being meaningless. The best solution I see is to go to 12 groups of 4, top 2 qualify, and then 8 of the best 12 third place teams qualify into a round of 32.
&gt;How can you face yourself? "Fuck, I guess I'll have to console myself by coaching Real Madrid. What a terrible life I live."
I don't understand your comment. It sucks for Spain, and Rubiales should care about what's good for Spain. Causing a major disruption a day before the tournament starts isn't good. The potential downsides are very large. Lopetegui still gets to coach Madrid. His downsides are minimal. Think of it this way – if Lopetegui could go back in time and knew that signing with Madrid would prevent him from managing at the WC, would he still do it? Absolutely – you don’t pass up an opportunity to manage at Real Madrid! So what good does firing Lopetegui do? None, it would deter any manager from doing the same in the future.
Maybe he doesn't last long, but it's not like managing Spain at the WC would make his tenure at Madrid any longer. He'd make the same choice again if he had the chance.
Still going to be easier than getting to Manaus. The infrastructure to follow a team around already exists in terms of roads and airports and hotels, the only issue is cost. And if you have enough money to buy WC tickets and hotels to follow your team for a month, a rental car or a couple of plane tickets isn't that much more. There's also a benefit to spreading the games over a continent that the host cities won't be as completely overcrowded as they would be otherwise.
But you don't get to do that, because you can't swap out of water, right? Or am I missing something?
I'm saying the RFEF's (really Rubiales) decision to fire Lopetegui is a bad exactly for that reason. Further, there's no long term benefit to the RFEF by firing him because it's not going to stop a manager from jumping to a new job in the future, if anything it might make someone second guess taking the Spain job. All Rubiales has done is shoot Spain in the foot.
&gt; The winner between Germany and Argentina in the final will get $35 million in prize money paid to its national federation &gt; &gt; Quarterfinalists get $14 million, round of 16 losers get $9 million and those which failed to advance from the group get $8 million. &gt; &gt; FIFA paid $1.5 million in advance to each of the 32 federations to prepare for the tournament &gt; &gt; FIFA has set aside $70 million to distribute at a rate of $2,800 per player per day that each was on World Cup duty. The money is shared between each player's current club and any other he played for in the two previous years during qualification matches. So every federation got $9.5 million just for making the WCF. So doubling the profit should more or less double the payout to each federation. And yes, while not all 180 gain, they all have incentive to vote for a bigger potential payout.
Great point! Maybe all of those fans would love to have the WC on their continent for the first time in 30 years after literally every continent other than Australia has hosted!
Attendance too.
3 World Cups in Europe in 20 years, when many continents haven't had one in three decades. Ridiculous.
Oh, you're right. I forgot that on my last playthrough I put the swap on the gravity mech, which is a land unit. Found it way more useful than pulling units one space.
You're right, taking babies from their mothers is a super popular policy that will have people turning out in droves.
Sure. It also seems reasonable that the 2.5 countries that can host a World Cup in North America will do it more often than any individual country in Europe, even though Europe hosts the WC three times as often, because Europe has a dozen countries that could host a Cup by themselves.
&gt;but he wasn't an amazing leader (in fact, it seemed to be a flaw of his \-\- he could only guide, but never be supreme in power or wisdom) I don't see how this is true? If he was guiding people and rallying many behind him it seems like he's a good leader. He defeated the two worst wizards of the past 100 years, which indicates a fair bit of wisdom and power. Seems Dumbledore's biggest issue was he revealed uncomfortable truths (like Voldy had returned), and the general wizarding community didn't want to confront things like that until they absolutely had to.
A shutout for 4 minutes and 59 seconds to give up two goals in under 5 seconds. I would be furious.
I clicked the link. I even read some of the articles! Which one includes evidence that the "elites" traffic and molest children?
Eh, it does, just not this straightforward.
Of course it works that way!
That's one transitive chain. If you took every transitive chain and combined the results, you would find that the transitive property works in sports. Not every single transitive chain will work or agree with all the others (such as your example), but **as a whole** they work. The whole premise of the Champions League and the World Cup is based on the transitive property. The fundamental idea is if you lose in the knockout rounds, you are inferior to the team you lost to, and would have lost to any team they lose to as well. Roma doesn't get to complain that they never got to play against Real, because they lost to Liverpool who lost to Real. That's the transitive property at work!
As a whole it works out. We don't need a giant, worldwide round robin to determine the best teams in the world, because we take the top teams from each region and have them play against each other. That's the transitive property at work!
It is terrible goal, but it's also a terrible backpass and terrible keeping!
Butter comes with measurements printed along the side of the stick (like a ruler).
Dogs can definitely learn words if you use them in context enough. We have to spell out "walk" and "out" around my dog.
But can he do it on a cold rainy night in Kaliningrad?
That was a planned play to give the keeper a clear look at the ball. He did what he was supposed to do.
VAR wasn't uncertain. As I recall, VAR flagged it for review but the head ref ignored it.
&gt;We have to play big teams at some point This isn't true. Spain's the only big team on that side of the bracket, and they may lose before you get to them. Whereas you're all but guaranteed to get three big teams on the other side of the bracket (by the time the game starts). This is like saying you want to be in the group of death. No you don't - you want the easiest road to the finals possible!
They are there to help win the World Cup, right? Sometimes that means getting strategic yellow cards. Usually it's to stop a breakaway, this time its so you can play Serbia or Sweden instead of Brazil. 2 injured, fine, don't play them. Start one of the backup keepers, he could easily get a yellow for time wasting. Don't play Loftus-Cheek, he already has a yellow, but the other 8 could all start and get a card. If you're so scared of a backup potentially getting another yellow in 20 minutes and missing the quarterfinals or semis, shouldn't you be even more afraid of playing to win and a starter getting a yellow or Kyle Walker his second?
Huge difference between trying your hardest to win and losing, and intentionally losing.
Psychology, sure. Momentum? No.
And as I said, there is no evidence this is true.
&gt; If everything feels easier because you're on a run it becomes easier This is the flaw. Everything doesn't become easier just because you think or feel it's easier!
It was clearly the better option to lose when it looked like Colombia was going to finish second. Them winning makes it much less appealing. But yes, it's always better to play worse opponents. Nothing boosts confidence like winning, and nothing helps winning like playing worse teams. That's the direciton causation flows, it doesn't go the other way.
So you think there's nothing concerning about a player using something to increase alertness right after they had a head injury? If they passed a concussion protocol, why do they need to alleviate grogginess?
You gotta increase the sample size.
Nah, you're right, you're right. NFL doctors would never keep an important player in a game when they were potentially injured.
Would you also have the chryssalid hang high up in the air for the next turn?
Elimination game on a Saturday versus a Friday afternoon (at least in the States) definitely is part of it.
Weirdly, Hunter was the last epic I ever got. I bought it before I got it in a chest.
I think it matters in the sense that I bet a lot more people saw Pavard's goal live, especially in the US.
He went through the trouble of bringing a banana to a game. He knew what he was doing.
Why did he even have a banana peel at a game? He had to bring that from home.
Don't forget that as a card's usage goes up, its win rate will inherently go towards 50%, because it's more likely to be on both sides of a battle. If a card is so OP that it's used in every single deck, it will always have a 50% winrate.
Dumbledore specifically told the Dursleys that Harry would only be safe with them as the last remaining blood relative. So I'd say a shred of decency combined with a healthy fear of Dumbledore finding out.
~~Obviously this is way better, but it's weirdly not a perfect fix. You're assuming that a maxed player gets a card for every one they donate and therefore ultimately profits, but that's not necessarily the case. For instance, a maxed player can donate up to 49 epics to their clanmates each Sunday, but I really doubt they're getting 49 epics each week!~~ See below.
I don't see why? It doesn't really affect me if people pay to get better cards. If they pay and are good, they'll move up the ladder and I won't play them. If they're bad, I'll beat them with lower level cards. It has some impact on the cards I bring (e.g. I have to use fireball because arrows won't kill overleveled minion horde), but it's not game breaking and that hasn't changed now. The update might mean maxed players donate/trade less, but SC has already fixed that some, and I'm guessing the vast majority of F2P clans don't have very many players with maxed cards so it won't be a major issue. But maybe I'm missing something about why this is terrible?
But the droprate more than doubled so it's not a net decrease, other than the ones you already had.
They should have given everyone a free trade token at each level to grease the wheels before the restuls of the droprate increase takes effect.
But you still get a free one each day, right? So you aren't losing anything?
Free for me, the player, that spent nothing.
Ah, you're right! I misunderstood and didn't realize while you had to pay upfront, you then immediately got that same amount back.
So this update makes it better by allowing you to pay to cycle even more. How is this a bad thing?
There are only 40 students in Harry's entire class. [My speculation](https://www.reddit.com/r/AskScienceFiction/comments/a32dy0/harry_potter_whats_the_deal_with_the_number_of/eb377ew/).
No. I make sure I have a gold or longer chest opening at night.
I could buy that if we didn't see everyone's whole lives in school. We see them in class, studying, playing, sleeping. We see Harry's bedroom is shared with the other boys from his year/house. If there were 600-1000 kids at Hogwarts, there should be *at least* one more boys room of Gryffindor's from Harry's year, if not two or three more.
Damaged but not destroyed!
So why didn’t he take it 9 months ago?
Top 5 OLine? Sure, sure. &gt; Our defense is not good vs the pass this year and he had 9 points through 3 quarters. And how'd the rest of that game go? Oh right, he finished with 455 passing yards.
No decent metric thinks the Cowboys are the best defense. Football Outsiders had us at 7th last week, and 6th this week.
&gt; Also to act like Brady's success is somehow tied to his weapons Brady's stats have been fairly pedestrian [without Gronk](https://twitter.com/adamharstad/status/940579007858397185) for the past 8 years. Know who else has a YPA around 6.8 and a 2:1 TD:INT ratio? [Derek Carr and Nick Foles](https://www.pro-football-reference.com/play-index/psl_finder.cgi?request=1&amp;match=combined&amp;year_min=2010&amp;year_max=2018&amp;season_start=1&amp;season_end=-1&amp;pos%5B%5D=qb&amp;pos%5B%5D=rb&amp;pos%5B%5D=wr&amp;pos%5B%5D=te&amp;pos%5B%5D=e&amp;pos%5B%5D=t&amp;pos%5B%5D=g&amp;pos%5B%5D=c&amp;pos%5B%5D=ol&amp;pos%5B%5D=dt&amp;pos%5B%5D=de&amp;pos%5B%5D=dl&amp;pos%5B%5D=ilb&amp;pos%5B%5D=olb&amp;pos%5B%5D=lb&amp;pos%5B%5D=cb&amp;pos%5B%5D=s&amp;pos%5B%5D=db&amp;pos%5B%5D=k&amp;pos%5B%5D=p&amp;draft_year_min=1936&amp;draft_year_max=2018&amp;draft_slot_min=1&amp;draft_slot_max=500&amp;draft_pick_in_round=pick_overall&amp;conference=any&amp;draft_pos%5B%5D=qb&amp;draft_pos%5B%5D=rb&amp;draft_pos%5B%5D=wr&amp;draft_pos%5B%5D=te&amp;draft_pos%5B%5D=e&amp;draft_pos%5B%5D=t&amp;draft_pos%5B%5D=g&amp;draft_pos%5B%5D=c&amp;draft_pos%5B%5D=ol&amp;draft_pos%5B%5D=dt&amp;draft_pos%5B%5D=de&amp;draft_pos%5B%5D=dl&amp;draft_pos%5B%5D=ilb&amp;draft_pos%5B%5D=olb&amp;draft_pos%5B%5D=lb&amp;draft_pos%5B%5D=cb&amp;draft_pos%5B%5D=s&amp;draft_pos%5B%5D=db&amp;draft_pos%5B%5D=k&amp;draft_pos%5B%5D=p&amp;c1stat=pass_yds_per_att&amp;c1comp=gt&amp;c1val=6.5&amp;c2stat=pass_yds_per_att&amp;c2comp=lt&amp;c2val=7.0&amp;c3stat=pass_att&amp;c3comp=gt&amp;c3val=200&amp;c5stat=pass_td&amp;c5comp=gt&amp;c5val=2&amp;c6stat=pass_int&amp;order_by=pass_td). Elite company. &gt; he's had mostly nobodies 2007: All Pro Randy Moss; Wes Welker 2009: All Pro Welker; Randy Moss 2010: Pro Bowl Welker 2011: All Pro Welker; All Pro Gronk 2012: Pro Bowl Welker; Pro Bowl Gronk 2013: [Gronk hurt half the year] 2014: All Pro Gronk 2015: All Pro Gronk 2016: [Gronk hurt half the year] 2017: All Pro Gronk What a bunch of nobodies Brady has been forced to carry for the past decade. &gt; he's played in like 4-5 different schemes in his career Are you for real? He's had the same head coach with the same Erhardt-Perkins offensive scheme his entire career. McDaniels has been his OC for literally 10 years. He has not played in 5 different schemes. Give me a break.
It’s a racial thing in other ways - check out the demographics of NBA fans vs NFL fans (college basketball vs NBA basketball is even more stark). See the differences between reactions to social justice protests. See the differences between which politics the coaches and owners espouse.
You’re still right, but those 2,000 people probably use 100 times as much as a normal person.
Over the past 7 years Brady's cap hit averaged 13th. And that's even lower when you consider a number of the best QBs are on rookie contracts and are inherently below him. So a league MVP caliber QB is being paid like an average/QB purgatory QB. *That's* the competitive advantage he brings.
Just seems inelegant to copy/paste 150 rows of 90% redundant text for every year. Guess I can easily do it by sorting for one year then just copy/pasting all of that and changing the year.
Maybe it's because I don't pay for this game, but I don't see why that bothers anyone. I F2P, so I don't care how much it costs. If you throw in a few bucks here and there, you also don't care how much it costs to max. If you are willing to pay hundreds of dollars to max, well, they probably care a lot. But that's such a small % of the population yet I hear this complaint all the time.
At worst it's patronizing. At best it's entirely earnest.
Whether it takes $300 or $1000 to max, that hardly affects anyone who drops ~$60 on the game. So why do I hear people complaining about this all the time? Especially when the game is designed so that the time it takes to go 1-11 is probably on par with 12-13. If you pay $60 at the beginning you skip all of the fun quick skinner box progression part. If you pay it at the end it hardly moves the needle.
Cop out, maybe, but that seems very coherent to me. Also, what doesn't make sense?
Brady came back against the Seahawks because literally half of the defense was injured. DB broke his arm during a Brady INT return. ET, Kam, and Sherman all had injuries requiring surgery after the game, Sherman was basically playing one handed. And even then, the Seahawks were still destroying them until one of the DLinemen got injured and left the game, pushing Bennett from the inside where he was dominanting to the outside, eliminating the interior pressure Brady can’t handle.
I disagree in the sense that Brees has definitely had MVP worthy seasons and been great for a decade. He just got unlucky they came at the same time as historic seasons by another QB. Also, Favre probably should have lost at least one MVP to Sanders, and played in an era without any other QBs at their peak. Young was still great but not historic like the early 90s, and then it’s old Elway, concussed Aikman, and rookie Peyton.
Gob barrel, Princess, dart gob, skellies army, etc.
I just watched the video again and the push definitely stopped when the tower went down and the game ended. Prince and Idrag were just standing there. 😉
Wait, what? Are you telling me Cards have counters? Unbelievable! This changes everything!
Thats not even close to true. Wizard has twice the DPS and deals with Minion horde and balloon much better, not to mention killing tanks. Baby dragon is good (I have both in my deck!), but it’s not better in “virtually every aspect”.
Yes, there are other ways to deal with balloon. But we were comparing baby dragon and wizard. Baby dragon can be killed by an overlevelled and/or raged minion horde, even when not distracted by something else.
&gt; even then a lot of things were starting to be left out. No fAegon, no Lady Stoneheart Because there was nothing to adapt. You can't introduce characters and plotlines that don't have endings! &gt; The thing is that they could have worked more They were already working steadily year round as it was. &gt; consulted more with Martin if possible Martin chose not to work with them any more. He could have written the books and they could have adapted them with or without him. I think it's increasingly likely Martin stopped working with the show because he had less and less useful things to give them, because he hadn't figured out a lot about the ending.
A gamepad is optional, but what part of the rest of that is optional? You're still talking roughly a $200 for low end peripherals, which is about half to a third of low to medium range PCs. That's significant!
Losing one or two or even three games is also nothing. You'll win it back in no time.
It’s hardly a fair competition. One of Abby Wambach’s best assets is her height, and so she’s worked on her headers her whole career. She’s typically the tallest player on the pitch, 4-5 inches taller than the average player. She’s 5’11”. For comparison the USMNT’s CB John Brooks is 6’4”. She’s spent her whole life playing with her height as a major advantage, but against men it’s a *disadvantage*. She’d have to completely change her style of play competing against men. Of course she’d struggle. Everything she knows is wrong. It’s like when Mythbusters had an Olympic swimmer swim in non-Newtonian fluid - he ended up being *slower* because all of his mechanics were thrown off.
It's all about marginal utility. That second 10 million isn't nearly as meaningful as that first 10 million. And what good is a bunch of extra money if you aren't happy?
&gt; They'd have lost the entire group. But that's what happened anyway?
New characters are always popping up, but never new characters with large armies that will become major players for the throne which are obviously doomed to fail.
The red card tho
How does throwing your best midfielder under the bus for being injured help the team play better?
Why is it different when the end goal “changing the genes” is the same either way?
Rian sure, but we've seen enough from JJ to know he isn't great at finishing even his own stories.
College sports limits the player base by gender *and* age and yet are super popular. That's not the reason why women's sports revenue is lower.
The "problem" is top English clubs are too good to afford to give minutes to young promising players. Like obviously any team would love to have a promising 18-20 year old for relatively cheap, rather than pay 2-3 times as much when they're a 21-23 year old star. But if you get that promising player, how do you give them enough minutes to develop while not hurting the overall quality of the team?
u/gaius_octavius_, once again the Colts had [one of the best OLines in the league](https://www.espn.com/nfl/story/_/id/27584726/nfl-pass-blocking-pass-rushing-rankings-2019-pbwr-prwr-leaderboard), and yet Brissett had league average stats while Dak was at the top of the NFL. But I guess that can be chalked up to the Cowboys much superior defense. [Oh wait...](https://www.footballoutsiders.com/stats/teamdef/2019)
Fun fact: this is false. College coaches have been more successful than promoted coordinators or past head coaches. [Slightly out of date (2014)](https://www.thebiglead.com/2014/01/18/college-coaches-like-jim-harbaugh-and-pete-carroll-have-been-the-most-successful-nfl-hires-over-the-last-25-years/), but better than just making stuff up.
&gt; poor ability to fire and hire staff. Funnily enough, the biggest improvement in the Packers this year compared to last was the defense. Led by a defensive coordinator hired under McCarthy last year. If we blame McCarthy for the poor results of the defense last year, shouldn't we also credit him for hiring the guy that fixed it this year?
Yes, because Cooper was definitely at 100% all season long and wasn't playing through injury from training camp. That's obviously the only reason why Dak was so fucking good this year.
I'm very excited to pay the QB that led the #2 offense in the NFL this year.
It's a big change in passer rating, but not EPA. It knows to discount TDs when they are "expected". And the rest of your post just seems to back up my point that McCarthy wasn't entirely to blame for the offense's struggles since Rodgers was hurt/not playing well.
This is a bullshit comparison. If you oppose tipping and still tip, nothing bad happens. If you oppose tipping and don't tip, you're hurting someone who is intentionally underpaid with the expectation they will get tips. If you oppose slavery and don't own slaves, nothing bad happens. If you oppose slavery and own slaves, you're a fucking hypocrite and are actively hurting people.
The south was NOT fighting for state's rights, otherwise they would have been fine with northern and new states outlawing slavery. The south made significant efforts to force their state laws on northern and new states, by forcing slavery to be legal in new states and forcing northern states to return escaped slaves.
That's right, just be peaceful and do not resist racism. Just let it happen, because white people will tell minorities when they can have equality.
1. Civil disobedience *is* politics. 2. The white supremacist rally in Cville was a result of the city deciding to remove the statue, so "using politics" won't prevent the white supremacists. 3. You being afraid of removing the statues is exactly what the white supremacists wanted.
A far *longer* resume, sure. But let's be real - Marinelli is being hired because he's Gruden's buddy from back in the day. Just like Marinelli got his job with the Bears after failing spectacularly with the Lions because he's Lovie Smith's buddy from his time with the Bucs. How is Buckner supposed to get an impressive resume if he keeps getting fired for doing nothing wrong? Coaches aren't being hired/fired because their good/bad at their job. They're being hired and fired based on the intimate coaching network that locks out people from breaking into their ranks.
OBJ wasn't being stupid, he was intentionally distracting the guard from busting the players for smoking.
Good, he should pass even more.
Rodgers absolutely has plus running ability and is a known scrambler. A lot like Steve Young.
Tarketon, Elway, and Young were all scrambing QBs that played until their late 30s at a high level. The generation of QBs with designed running plays aren't old enough to qualify yet.
Wilson used to have a lot of designed running plays. And if you aren't counting Wilson as a running QB, there's never been a running QB in the NFL.
It's amazing to me that apparently no one remembers Russ [running the read-option](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3PyoOI1bXYE) for most of his career. If Wilson isn't a running QB, then no QB has ever been a running QB.
&gt; All you have to do is look at Kaepernick, another Greg Roman prodigy. What am I supposed to learn by looking at Kaepernick?
Fun fact: All QBs get injured.
You say this like pocket passing QBs don't get injured all the time, and having a 300 pound lineman fall on you with your feet planted is somehow better than a 200 DB bouncing off your shoulders.
&gt; I noticed that Lamar is extremely alert And yet tons of people in this thread say the exact opposite. It's like people are just making shit up.
&gt; Lamar literally runs every other play. He's a RB that also throws the ball sometimes. Lamar had 400 passes and 175 rushes this year, but sure. Continue to lie and push a false narrative.
Good. Running is the least efficient play in football, with passes to RBs shortly after it.
Except He’s rushed back every injury and has been worse off for it?
I'm concerned with all of them. But we already have a proven simple and effective way to decrease the worst gun violence, so let's start there. Then we can work on the complicated majority of gun violence. What's your reason for opposing proven and effective gun violence prevention?
&gt; he’s not a runner! He’s slow. He doesn’t run a lot By my count he's 15th in QB rushing all time. He's got a good shot at finishing Top 10 all time. For comparison, Roethlisberger doesn't even have half as many rushing yards as Rodgers despite Ben starting 40 more games. Among active QBs, Rodgers is third behind Cam and Wilson. If you want to argue that Rodgers is slow and doesn't run much now, sure. But in his prime, say 2011-2014, he was one of the better runners in the league. Not Cam/Wilson/Kaepernick level (2,500 to 1,500 yards), but he was in that second tier with Alex Smith and Luck (900 to 1,000 yards).
&gt; getting hit more as a runner is taking on more risk and wear. If you had bothered to read the article, it says the frequency of getting injured on sacks is the same as the frequency of getting injured on running plays. And the worst possible thing is getting hit while throwing. The things that people don't ever bothered to include in these analyses is 1) how often QBs get hit *in the pocket*, and 2) how the severity of those hits are so much worse. Yes, getting more hits is bad, but hits in the pocket are much more common and often worse.
Who do you consider a running QB? Steve Young was pretty old when he retired.
Yes, exactly. Elway's *average* season had more rushing yards than Ben's *career high*. Ben's average season is under 100.
They did it in the middle of the night because it's a crime. It's still peaceful protest. Being a crime doesn't negate it being peaceful, just like violence is sometimes legal.
&gt; McCown You're docking Young for "sitting out" but include McCown? Why should I take you seriously when you do nonsense like this? &gt; You take more hits. That’s unavoidable. Prove it. Most people including scrambling in with running, in which case players are often *avoiding* hits by huge linemen and sliding, going out of bounds, or getting hit by a little DB. &gt; It’s why we’re talking about cam possibly retiring. If Cam were to retire, it's because of an ankle injury he got from a sack. And let's not forget that Andrew Luck *actually* retired, and most wouldn't call him a running QB. &gt; I think it’s a silly argument if we’re really arguing that running quarterbacks and less mobile get injured at the same rate and average the same length of career If it's so silly I'd like to see you prove it.
&gt; Half the quarterbacks in the league could've been inserted into the Titans instead of him and taken them this far. I don't even know how to respond to this. You think half the QBs in the NFL could put up league leading efficiency stats for 10 games? If they could, why have only like 5 of them ever done it?
&gt; Do you think it was strictly a lack of weapons or a bit of both? Fun fact: Brady's stats this season are almost exactly his stats from games without Gronk the past 7 years or so.
Quick question, which country is more similar to the US: Canada, or South Africa? Switerland, or Honduras? But again, Athens just wants to ignore proven gun control measures like the assault rifle ban because it undercuts whatever point he's trying to make.
Yeah, what changed was handheld guns becoming semi-automatic to automatic and easily accessible.
&gt; What about when those people are held accountable because we as a people decided those were illegal actions? Doesn't do much good for the dead people and their friends and family, now does it? Only prevention helps.
&gt; [Luck] took way too many hits because of his running Luck's only a counterpoint if you ignore that he lead the league in sacks+hits for (at least) [three straight years](https://twitter.com/ScottKacsmar/status/600389470295318528). &gt; running in and of itself opens you up to more injuries that other guys who would simply throw the ball away aren't exposed to Yes, that's true. But there aren't many players that are good enough to play in the NFL while throwing it away to avoid hits regularly. The rest of the NFL has to choose between throwing risky passes (and turnovers), running for a gain and risking taking a hit downfield, or waiting and risk taking a hit in the pocket.
Are you saying that guns have always been semi-automatic and easily accessible?
It would be harder to associate the pro-gun crowd with racism if the same people didn't support gun control when black people were carrying guns and opposing it when white people were carrying guns. But that's Republican hero Ronald Reagan for you.
You're right, the racist roots of the second amendment were to allow white militias to have guns while banning slave and free blacks from having guns. Giving more guns to everyone is not the solution, and it didn't help black people any.
Gee, why would anyone conflate those two groups? Can't think of any reason...
Yup, the NRA did that. And when a black man was murdered by a cop for simply saying he had a gun, the NRA did nothing. Because the NRA and the gun rights movement is a white grevance movement that really has nothing to do with guns. It's all about power and perceived power. The link above shows that southern states went well out of their way to ban slaves and even free blacks from owning guns. Militias would raid slave quarters to search for weapons, and were used to put down slave rebellions. The Second Amendment was pushed by southern Founding Fathers who were afraid that the federal government would take control of the militias during a slave rebellion and refuse to put it down.
I guess we'll just ignore the three neo-Nazis that the FBI arrested that were planning on going and Alex Jones rolling around in an armored vehicle.
Yes, he's a piece of extremist filth. He was at lobby day. Which means there were right wing extremists at lobby day. Also, there are always right wing extremists at lobby day, because it's hosted by the VCDL which is ["proud to be categorized as an extremist organization, and we fully intend to continue being such!"](https://www.winchesterstar.com/winchester_star/letter-to-the-editor-proud-to-be-extremist/article_0efa2ef1-f560-5e9f-b067-3fbdfcaa9480.html)
You can [start here](https://lawreview.law.ucdavis.edu/issues/31/2/Articles/DavisVol31No2_Bogus.pdf).
&gt; He felt like a FIFA injured player just walking around That's the only thing I could think of watching the game. One team down a man, the other team with an injured player limping around the field felt exactly like a FIFA game.
He was looking great for the first 25 minutes before the red card. Then he (and the rest of the team) looked like they were on autopilot.
How does saying neo-nazis going there with the intention of causing trouble support your point that there were no racists there? The Proud Boys were there, guys with Right Wing Death Squad patches, [this fucking idiot denying the holocaust and calling himself a nazi](https://twitter.com/IwriteOK/status/1219288394783547392), Alex Jones and Info Wars. There were white supremacists there. Not that everyone there was a white supremacist, but they were definitely part of the crowd.
Yes. So was Philando Castille. But when a cop shoots him to death for simply saying he has a gun, does the pro-gun lobby rise up to defend him? Nope. Because it's not actually about the guns, it's just another front of identity politics.
Here's a thought: if you leave a deadly weapon in a place it can be easily stolen, you aren't a responsible gun owner. Maybe... don't take your gun with you and leave it in your car? Or find a way to lock it up better? But you're right, it's definitely the gun free zone's fault.
They're to the right of the NRA. They're extremists.
In 2,300 minutes in the Premier League and Bundesliga he has 0.9 goals+assists per 90, which is really good! He struggled in 500 minutes in Valencia, but that's still overall very impressive for a 25 year old backup striker.
There are keeper xG models that account for shot placement, and they also say Kepa is bad. Per Statsbomb/FBref, he's been a bottom 5 keeper both this year and last.
&gt; then leave the bag on the trail/sidewalk/alley - why bother at all, nitwits? I've had this happen to me a few times, especially when it's cold and I'm wearing gloves. It's very easy to not feel the bag slip out through gloves.
It would be nice if Chesterfield got their act together and cooperated with the GRTC and let the pulse run through the county. But nooooo.
Are we not talking about the same place? The [Flowerama at the end of the building](https://www.google.com/maps/@37.5380585,-77.5189347,3a,75y,122.38h,69.4t/data=!3m6!1e1!3m4!1si6odjeZezdNr1fTy6Y_t_Q!2e0!7i13312!8i6656) is definitely open. It's a flower shop so there's not a ton in there, but the few times I've gone in someone has immediately come out of the back and they always have arrangements for sale.
&gt; Looks like the yellow areas represent what burned when confederate soldiers fled Richmond at the end of the war. Yup! If you zoom in that's what the legend says in the corner!
There's a huge difference between the two in terms of predicting and guessing. Gob barrel's angle and particularly size/height gives you an indication of where it's going to land, but you don't get that with miner so you're purely guessing. One is skill based and the other is random.
Something something vibranium energy absorption
I wouldn't be surprised if simply being on the internet put you on some Chinese list.
TBF, that's the teacher edition which has the teacher's notes on the left sidebar, and then the student edition on the right as the main text, which is itself split up with student notes on the sidebar and the main text on the right. Just the student pages alone aren't too bad.
&gt; One big downside is how the Monsanto monopoly ruins small time farmers’ ability to compete on the market. That's more a problem of capitalism than GMOs specifically.
&gt; Positions tell you fuck all about what a player is supposed to be doing on the pitch They tell you a good amount, even if it's not the full picture.
Then you understand why people act like positions matter, and your comment served no purpose.
Especially considering 10.5 of those apparently came in one season... Thanks for the catch.
It's a causal loop, it's all part of one and the same "fucking with".
Sure. But the bombs aren't the reason Japan surrendered. They surrendered because the Soviet Union invaded them.
&gt; This is the problem with social media, people think it's representative when it never is. Says the guy using social media to tell people it's peaceful, while complaining "real" media is misleading.
&gt; the future avatars might not be able to master all four elements right? Though that wouldn't stop the new avatar from entering the avatar state.
Zuko has the avatar in custody in like the second episode...
Just to be clear, you think protesters staying out after curfew is 'not too far off' from government employees killing a man in custody?
What information do you need here? The cops smashed his window and pepper sprayed him, but didn’t charge him with a crime. If he was breaking curfew, why not arrest him? If it wasn’t worth arresting him, why break the window and pepper spray? Because the cops didn’t care about curfew or arrests, they just wanted to mess somebody up.
Sure, we don’t know all the facts. But again, what possible scenario Is required for use of force to be justified but no arrest made? If you want to say OP is just lying, then say that. But we have plenty of evidence that cops, including multiple cops in Richmond, are abusing their power just for kicks.
I don't think that's true, but they never said they weren't going to cooperate with an investigation. He's saying he has direct first hand witnesses. Since that's probably the best/most reliable information he can get, he doesn't need any more (and likely false/unreliable) info from angry customers.
Who knows what will happen, but some leaders of the white supremacist groups realized Charlottesville turned more people against them, so they may not try it again.
I would go with the "context of their day and time" more if it wasn't usually just a way to whitewash people's actions. Even in his day and time he was a traitor to his country. Even in his day and time a majority of the country knew slavery was wrong. General Grant was from the same day and time but still knew fighting for slavery was "one of the worst [causes] for which a people ever fought, and one for which there was the least excuse." I think a better way is to determine if the person was still a net positive with all of the pros and cons considered. And this shouldn't be a static determination, but change over time. I don't know enough about Maury to know where he falls on that, and how the statue is presented is definitely a factor as that plays into *why* they are being remembered/honored.
I would be willing to keep Maury, especially as his statue is specifically about his scientific exploits. It would be a different conversation if he was in his confederate uniform with a depiction of his electric torpedo/naval mine.
It's not a false comparison. Statues are to honor people. You don't set up statues for people you hate.
&gt; haven’t seen any election fix any large macro issues yet in the US Then you haven't been paying attention. But please continue to enjoy spreading Chinese propaganda.
&gt; I used to believe in the right to free speech, but the actions today have eroded that belief. &gt; Freedom of speech [is an] essential pillar that holds our nation together. I feel these are both slipping away. Make up your mind! Is it essential, or are you over it because you didn't like other people exercising their free speech?
It's good for the team, but this really sucks for Tammy. He was *great* this season and there are only a dozen or so center forwards you'd rather have than him (considering age, talent, etc). And Chelsea went and got one of them, demoting Tammy from star of a CL team to a backup.
If Chelsea have a budget at all, I would think Werner plus the recent purchases of Pulisic and Ziyech does block Sancho. We're definitely at the point where the marginal gain from Sancho is less impactful than LB and keeper. But if money is no issue, then go wild I guess.
Chelsea can offer playing time, which more than makes up any money difference.
Because 24 hours ago Tammy was a locked on starter on a CL team, and now he’s at best in a rotation and possibly just a backup.
Though that could have been partly due to the squad, right? Pretty clear Lamps doesn't think much of Giroud and Bats.
Christopher Columbus was such a horrible person, they threw him in jail when he returned to Europe. Which means “even in his day and time” they knew he was awful.
It’s okay, Columbus didn’t know where he was either.
See the history of the swastika, among many others.
&gt; But that is what they did back then. Eventually we figured out it was wrong. “We” knew it was wrong back then. Christopher Columbus was investigated and thrown in jail when he returned back to Spain for the abuses he committed.
This is such a dumb thing to say. For one, 13 of the 50 biggest cities have Republican mayors right now. For another, systemic racism from decades ago still very much effect things today. Jim Crow, redlining, the GI Bill, Interstate Highway Bill, school segregation, voter suppression, drug laws, etc etc etc from decades and a century ago still have major effects today.
It won’t because the green science is fed into both sides, but that can be fixed in a couple of ways, including having a having a fast Inserter move it from one belt to the other.
&gt; a dual income couple earning a middle class income of under 70k A household income of 140k a year literally puts you in the upper class in Richmond, as upper class is typically defined as double the median household income. So yes, by definition a family that has "no problem" with that mortgage is rich.
&gt; As soon as they grabbed him the police launched tear gas and flash bangs at the crowd. This is the problem. Cops handle one guy that was causing trouble, and then decide to unload on everyone else just to show off.
Yes, which is why I provided perspective about the upper class. 140k a year puts you in the top 20% of US households. That’s rich.
Somehow the rest of the world manages to make it work. But if the solution requires repealing the 2nd Amendment and a massive buyback program, I'm down with that too.
I just started a couple of weeks ago and found ~5 turrets with red/piercing ammo On the attack paths will handle anything for a good long time. I only put walls up in a couple of spots, just to make the buyers walk a bit longer. I just ran out of red, green, and blue science to research and am starting on purple. I didn’t even bother with military science or lasers and it hasn’t been an issue until just the last hour or two. I’m thinking some robots to repair the turrets and I’ll be fine.
Add that to the “steel plates” that appear like I-beams is annoying to me.
&gt; Apparently the 'give Stoney a chance' bit didn't last long Maybe if Stoney had done anything positive with his chance this wouldn't have happened. Instead it's more of the same from him and the new police chief, who has his own problematic incident.
He was so off I wouldn’t dare play him against City, unless the game is already lost.
Yes, a person frustrated that supposed allies were inhibiting progress, because the goal of racial equality was not important enough to them to go through the struggle of achieving it.
I had a Mac growing up so I played a lot of shareware games that came on discs with my dad's magazine(?) subscription. Of those my favorite(s) was Escape Velocity, and the sequels Override and Nova. It was a top down 2D space sim, which inspired Endless Sky and Space Pirates and Zombies. And by writing this I discovered that the creator of Override created and funded a Kickstarter to recreate it last month!!
&gt; its health effects are so marginal. [Seems like it's worse than most people thing](https://www.propublica.org/article/tear-gas-is-way-more-dangerous-than-police-let-on-especially-during-the-coronavirus-pandemic), including that it seeps into adjacent buildings/homes. It's also especially harmful to simultaneously cause people to cough and be more susceptible to respiratory illnesses during a respiratory pandemic.
If that were the one and only time the cops had tear gassed people, you might have a point. They clearly can't be trusted about when to use it.
They were with the protestors.
But how would that be any different than otherwise? Without CHO Chelsea was going to need a winger, and they would preferably want a good/young one, which would require about the same wages *and* a transfer fee. For example, Pulisic's wages are higher *and* he cost 60M pounds.
The US is doing everything possible to ensure this happens!
It literally affects the salaries of every player making more than the minimum in the league. The franchise tag reduces the top level contracts, which sets the bar for the 2nd tier players, and determines how much money is left over for the mid level vets, etc. No more franchise tag, and QB salaries will shoot up even faster, less money to go around for everyone else, and we might finally have some QB salary tiers that isn't purely how long ago you signed your deal.
&gt; You would have to reverse ~~years~~ **decades** of player safety/tuning the game for fans to see offense The rules changed in 1978. The entire league's passing game woke up the next season.
LOL. He used his power to enforce the rules that had been on the books for 25 years, and had already been reinforced a decade early. Don't play victim. The Pats broke the rules and got away with it because the refs didn't call it.
Okay, I've now started a second game and easily progressed through red/green science, and started to work on military science when I decided I didn't have enough resources to expand at my initial area. I have two questions: 1. Is there a better way of finding resources than just driving around aimlessly while trying to avoid biter nests and forests? I found a good spot with oil, iron, coal, but I haven't found a good copper spot nearby. Maybe I just need a really long train... 2. What's a good way to start building a big base for the first time (without just using others' blueprints)? Should I just make a massive iron production facility, then oil, then coal, or start doing a little bit of each and keep expanding from there (insert factory must grow meme)? Should I change my starter base to build everything I need - assemblies, rail, belts, inserters, mining, etc - or should I just let it keep running and make it all myself on site? Should I wait until I can go with electric smelting, or not worry about it since I need coal anyway for boilers and grenades.
I am a new player and did this on my first go, but leaving enough space became a huge pain when I never knew if I need one or ten assemblers to keep up. And then once I have a backlog it can take a long time for it to clear to see if it's sustainable, or it only seems that way because while I was fixing plastic my smelters created a ton of steel. And then even if it is sustainable, once blue science is fixed, I find out the entire system is iron starved once green or military or whatever starts back up. Which I get is the whole gameplay loop, but knowing ratios makes it so I spend more time doing and less time just watching it waiting for it to break.
So citizens have alternatives, but the police don’t?
Okay, let's try it this way: You said: "if there are situations where the unlawful assembly rule and teargas can be deemed reasonable ... then you cannot take away the police's ability to use those tools". You can justify just about anything this way. The question isn't "is this sometimes justified? Then use it whenever". You can justify racism with that logic: sometimes black people commit crimes, so we should stop and frisk all black people we encounter. The question is "is it being used justly, and/or is it causing undue harm"? Because if it's causing harm to the people the cops are supposedly trying to protect, that's enough reason to stop it and reassess. *Especially* if they have alternate methods to achieve whatever their goals are.
