Or the fact that there are bikes stacked up on top of barricade in the video should draw the conclusion you seek. This is like 5th grade level context.
Definitely not. I play on ps4 and same deal.
Some no man's sky shit.
I see. I read that as the exact opposite. Oops.
And beetus
oof
Mat!
23 hours?
I'm stunned.
Yeah and them Duke boys are at it again.
Always wondered where kobolds came from
You sure can take huge headphones on stage. Personally I've only ever enjoyed floor monitors because it doesn't completely erase stage volume.
I'm just gonna bring the bike in.
r/thebizzible
Yeah that Joe Walsh dude on Twitter got me for a bit too.
Just go ahead now.
Open your borders. Don't let them be closed.
I'm hearing all of this is Pat springleafs voice.
Use the icitizen app. It shows the voting record of all public officials from the president all the way to your local city council. Edit: Well shit I hadn't used it in a while so went to search for it. https://www.nashvillepost.com/business/technology/article/21036761/nashvillebased-icitizen-shuts-down
60 here in OKC.
Skyscraper was pretty good.
I call bullshit. Am a 34 year old dad and my woodshop is no joke.
Explain why any of this matters then.
You golgotha be kidding me.
Poor
Auto incorrect
I find stoicism a relief.
Again this falls under why would legislators make a law that directly affects them and their path towards riches?
They don't run in every election everywhere every time. Many states have zero options for this. Mine included.
That sounds like supply and demand. Hard to find stuff? Check. Client wants them? Check. Above retaii? Check check.
There is no changing that. My state would have just voted in roy Moore regardless.
Everything before video was hearsay.
Well look who we have here boys. You picked the wrong alley to get lost in friendo.
I don't think their English is good enough to understand your reply. Try again in Russian.
It seems criminal can be pardoned.
Right but the fire needs to be put out.
Invented the internet.
im playing dying light with my 4 year old right now.
Reason 1000 not to have apple products
Dax is a new one popping up. I named my son Harrison. He starts kindergarten this year but he's gonna be the oldest man there named Harry.
Isn't there a Tommy Lee Jones movie where he's an air Marshall?
When every grandparent and girlfriend has apple I give the sorry can't FaceTime I have Android. And my life is peaceful.
I live in Oklahoma is it the south or the Midwest? We weren't a state pre civil war. We were the finish line for the trail of tears.
We're all just a bunch of Irish /German great grandchildren who don't know what the fuck is going on so we just say shit.
Not just humans. The majority of all life on Earth.
Are you shitting on homosexuality and women leadership? I honestly can't tell.
tell that to austin tx, or lawrence ks, or atlanta ga or every other blue spot in the red states.
This isn't even really needed to be a discussion. This is how nicu already works with premature births.
I have to believe this is the strategy but I have to say I have zero faith it'll actually play out this way.
I miss Terry Pratchett. Gonna reread nights watch.
I was lifting weights with jonesy!
Go fuck yourself.
There's a book from the 70s called future shock by Alvin toffler that studies the trauma of how fast the world is developing. We have advanced more in the last 100 years than the previous 10 thousand years combined except were all still the same humans we were back then. Some people adapt to the changing pace of our global society and some don't. Our brains are actually wired differently and it's happening at an accelerated rate. Essentially our physiology is mimicing the rate at which technology advances. Which we know based on Moore's law. My hypothesis of this is why we have progressive vs conservatives as political parties. People get very bogged down by the specific differences of platforms but to me it boils down to people embracing change and people who are essentially battling PTSD with how fast the world is changing and want to slow it all down in order to cope and feel as if they have control over their realities. Anyway it was an incredible book. Especially having been written 40 years ago.
/s has become dont be mad at me.
Is that you Joseph Smith?
The point aside from doing what is right is that it will keep Trump tied to DC instead of campaigning.
I was wondering this earlier. If people break laws don't the police just show up with a warrant and arrest you? Like even after you ignore subpoenas?
Apparently there's a movie about it though I've never seen it.
I'm super into Japanese jointery and their woodworking skills in general. Am I a weeb?
Accurate as fuck. I had a guy in my warehouse I knew was stealing tools but would help me look for them around the shop. Wasn't until the owner caught him red handed with a air ratchet on his way home fired him on the spot. But yeah he wasted a good 20 hours of my time over the 2 years he was with us. Fuck you Keith.
Perhaps I worded it poorly. In nature the organism with the most positive traits towards survival are the ones that go toward. It's more of a metaphor. People who are more suited to adaptation will have more success than those who do not. Those who do not cope will not be successful. By success I mean the basic measurements of health and happiness that all humans regardless of culture require.
Like 14 divorces.
This becomes a full time job when you are already living on a budget and having to work every waking minute aside from watching kids because you can't afford childcare. middle class people live with options. Being poor the options are which bill can get cut off when you only have enough for one. I've definitely bought food and lived a week in darkness before. I didn't complain because I had a roof over my head and the heat was on. Point is to call people lazy is pretty insulting to poor people.
Logs probably would have just worked.
We have a winner.
The immigration stats from Mexico are at a 20 year low. Central and South America a 20 year high. I'm calling war on drugs on this one.
I totally would
Am I supposed to be cool with waiting a year for 3 episodes? Siz some bullshit.
Seriously it didn't even really feel like Black mirror.
Oh Dee you bitch.
It's also the main plot device for the entire tenacious d HBO show.
Rocket sauce!
Goddamnit Kyle could you just for once fucking kick it? You little bitch.
Y'all out here talkin string theory.
Ten years of salary to a lot of people
Name one source where liberals want or expect corporations to pay 70% corporate tax.
This is definitely not the us. They called the trunk a boot.
Man I asked this same question like two years ago. Got like 3 replies telling me I'm an idiot. Classic Reddit.
Meanwhile in Iowa.
Maybe they need to read grapes of wrath.
Communism is a perversion of socialism. It sucks people equate them.
Tell that to NASA.
Vlad the impaler used to impale bodies through their anuses and out through there mouths while alive. I'd say at least a tie to Chernobyl death.
Gotta love all this dnc infighting. Let's just hand Trump the second term on a golden platter again.
It's fine if you're over it. It's fine if you rightfully feel like giving up. In a lot of ways the fight was lost before we were even born, but don't actively try to get people to give up with you. All that accomplishes is ensures you'll be exactly right until you die. I'd rather be wrong and still fight with my vote. Even the underdog puts up a fight before ultimately losing again and again. We can't sit around waiting for our democratic Jesus to show up and sweep the Republicans off the map because we're dealing with human beings with the same faults you and I both have. If you had the opportunity to do the same thing Warren or Sanders are both trying to do how would you do it? Would you take corporate money and smile to them knowing once you were in office youd break their backs? I know I would. But in reality I have no idea what I'd do. I believe both of them really do want to change our world into a better place and will do just about anything to get us there.
It is in direct context to your last sentence.
Don't tell me tell the dnc. You're getting Biden like we got Hillary.
What's your plan for electing Bernie?
Such a metaphor for America.
Yowch I hope not. I mean I'm gonna do my part and vote my conscience and hope it's Bernie but if this thread is an example of the general thinking of where this party is going I'd say it's a lost cause. This is about what I remember t_d being like after he announced and before the primary. Like pretty toxic.
Why didn't that work 4 years ago? As a huge Bernie advocate I can't help but feel as if we're going to get a Bernie Lite compared to what we would have gotten in 2016. I hope I'm wrong and I hope he wins but I can't be alone in feeling that way. I was born in 84 so I've never seen a presidential term only last one term in my lifetime so that would be huge in and of itself. I can't think of anyone in our countrys history who could have ever deserved to be short changed more than Trump. The outrage fatigue is real and I think a huge chunk of America feels rejected, and no matter who we put in there, there will always be a huge chunk who feels that way.
You are no progressive.
Human rights, equality, meritocracy while still helping my fellow citizens, religion a million miles from politics, labor having earnership of their productivity, anti lobbyist, anti mutilmedia corporations (Reddit non exempt), pro choice, pro education above all.
Holy shit actually laughed for once.
Not only that but setting the brake with forks down is in the OSHA training.
Just hang in there. It can't be awful forever. Things will get better.
I wish there was more Dr John and winwood combos. Fuckin super duo.
It's that high because of the security detail. They have to stay somewhere so they stay at his resorts. Which puts the money back in his own pocket.
A lot of us do it while working
When I got it at 24 it was behind my right eye and up over the left side of my scalp. It felt like the virus was directly inside my brain and I thought I was gonna go blind.
Boy meets world, flash forward, the torkelsons, California dreams, saved by the Bell, Alex Mac, clarissa, Pete and pete The 90s were dope.
Liquidating stock is a lot less profitable
Is it a human thing to be transfixed by fire? Like I could just stare at a fireplace or a fire pit for hours.
Look at your fucking name. You pin so much of your own identity to politics it makes you look like a clown. Suck the cheetoh shits out of your obese mom's asshole Gilbert.
This guy sounds like he's saying the Ukraine had it coming too.
Gotta be sexy.
Yeah in the white world it's very dog eat dog world. Families are isolated units. I'm jealous of the community dynamic that exists in almost every other culture aside from the homogenous America white lifestyle.
They may not own stock but it used to be an indication of whether your company/factory job/whatever was doing well then that meant you were doing well by extension. With those jobs gone it's just a reminder that the company who offshored your career is doing well.
What ad?
Exasserbated
Like getting to the moon?
I think the single parent starter pack would be the exact opposite of this. It sucks.
This is the right answer.
Yeah we were engaged and after ten years finally had our place and a new baby. I thought everything was going well. Post partum is a bitch. She just woke up one day and was over it. I just figured she needed to be out of the house and having friends and doing her thing to snap out of it. Nope she went and found another dude.
Not to people 2 hundred years ago. They would have thought both were impossible.
That's to be seen it seems.
Natural selection.
He wasn't even in it lol
My sister is anti vax. They're real.
It was this hot in Oklahoma back in like 05
I wish I could say the same.
Yeah actually way back then I was managing a pizza place and hung out in the walk in a lot that summer.
Is anybody surprised?
I hate to agree with Trump but sometimes he surprises me with common sense.
I live in Oklahoma too. I'm interested in how you got this job? It would fit my stuck at home at night as a single parent lifestyle.
Posi as fuck. You're a good one.
It's the wheeeeeel of fortuuuuuuuune
damn this is saucy
Champion of the sun.
I believe Starfire has the dibs
Unless you're a single parent. Days off are never.
Yeah dude Mick Mars. He was the only believable character
this is exactly what im doing too. except no more cat.
Also theres research that when you actively tell someone your plans then in your brain its the same as if you've already accomplished the goal. Don't broadcast your bullshit. Just do it.
Rex manning day already?!
Since when is China worried about a quality product?
Persecuted and prosecuted are different things
We should bring back exile.
Cut their fucking heads off to check?
i climbed the university club tower off denver back in like 04. i just locked myself out and lived on the 15th floor. climbed up to the balcony and in through the window.
THERE IS NO CARELLE IN H.R.
Its a Kurt Metzger joke.
Its a kurt metzger joke
Just like Wilson shouldve done in WWI.
Gut bod
Manualslib.com
that smile never touches his eyes!
I'm lost as to why a designer would be on a deadline.
I wouldn't know
Reminds me of that dwarves cover.
It seems counterintuitive unless you're licensing someone's ip.
You don't like casual rape fetishes RJ seems to have a boner over?
They most definitely never covered insurance. I delivered pizzas for like a decade and its always on the driver.
It tastes a lot worse when you actually voted and not for him.
Fox news over here.
are there a lot of asian republicans?
dont lie. even the cry would be bad.
Dont.
cunt hair is pretty good burn too.
you cant?
is russia just rural oklahoma in the 90s?
Well I mean people are getting shot out there. Even my sons elementary school has them.
Pre pc police. Nothing flies anymore.
Clayton Bigsby as a trump supporter would be legendary.
But mah tendies!
This happened all over the country in ever major city.
Just the one.
I could go either e way
one thing youll find out about reddit is if you imply in any way whatsoever that the internet is bad, even vaguely, you will get shit all over.
i always say the best place for a solar panel is underneath trees.
oklahoma city where im from its 620 square miles. all used to be rail until around the 30s-50s where it was all tore up and replaced with roads. The shitty side effect is that all of the cities walking boulevards, parks, everything is now just a giant parking lot. Like most cities across america.
How old do you think vesimir is? He was an old man when geralts mom/witch dropped him off as a kid.
30s are so much more brutal. single parent. broke as fuck. still renting. my 20s wasnt shit. played in bands. did whatever i felt like. if i didnt like where i lived or where i worked, fuck it, id bounce. now i have obligations. fuuuuuuuuuck.
before the alzheimers so he knew why.
i dont think they mean concurrent lifetimes. more like stacked. 3x71=213 but i was rounding down to like 60 years so 180.
Usually that's how they get their majority in congress back. This is how we got the tea party which gave us trump like a decade later.
People get worse for duis.
Right that's the point. The drug possession is a molehill next to the drunk driving mountain, which is a molehill next to flynns crimes. In my opinion.
Not that weirs.
Not everyone is good at their jobs. Incompetence is bad but thinking everyone is equal in terms of work ethic and intelligence is how we got standardized tests.
Ski mask really topped it off
Quantrill be raidin.
If this is phase one where's the r/restofthefuckingowl
Not in my state. I have full custody and don't get shit. Where are all these lazy people scamming the system when people with real need get denied?
I thought that was the dude from flight of the concords.
yeah not a lot of it survived the k2 extinction.
i just made it up. so, noice?
i find this apparent as well. Im 99% sure trump didnt even want to win but was pushed into campaigning by blackmail/his loans coming due and he just ran to appease them. It explains the absolute dogshit he says and has done and I want to believe in his head hes like jesus christ what is it going to take to get me out of office? literally nothing has been able to stop him.
when are boomers going to learn we dont give a fuck about being your neighbor?
why does it matter if people like you?
yeah its a hell of a song slap.
fox ring?
you can put that on my tombstone. \- tried to be green bean, didnt make it. - &amp;#x200B; green been floyd - ol harry was a possum with a white tongue plaaain, but when he came to swimmin he was laughin in the rain,
what color is i?
sorry i come from the live production avl world and never heard anything other than rbgvuw
Alaskans get a ubi I believe.
Yeah I'm pretty sure we need to grow more food in the next 40 year's than all of the last 10 thousand years combined.
As someone who spent ten years of my life getting dumped by the same woman every year and half and 2 weeks after the last time we got together got pregnant and then have been raising my son alone, take her advice and just move on.
Taming pets in wow
Most churches in a downtown setting are anywhere from 80 - 120 years old. They weren't built in high property value spots they were just built and the city grew around them.
they could more than cover their property taxes.
I walked out of the theater during walk the line because i had read the book cash like 2 weeks before it came out and while the movie was decent it glossed over so many of the struggles he endured over his life. The ones that made the man of the myth.
yeah i wonder what people in 4020 will think of our skyscrapers.
That wood would be worth a fortune.
They must not remember when trump ran as a democrat
Fbi has offices in every state. This is the exact shit they are for.
I switched from zzzzs to a new melatonin gummy after years of trying different things and these things knock me the fuck out. Like take 2 and I'm asleep in 15 minutes and ive been an insomniac for like 25 years. They're called Natrol gummies and instead of the standard 5mg these are 10mg each.
Fuckin dragnet over here
Egwene is basically the kid in king Arthur's court.
So many good ones but crutches and cokey the Rudolf snoop dogg were my faves.
A meat factory and quartering your own livestock or hunts are two very different things.
I'd imagine some bearer bonds and cash in safes though.
Peta is a joke. It mAkes sense that cows for higher quality steak cuts would have better conditions than cows for ground beef and hotdogs where quantity over quality is standards operating procedure.
Bingo Bango, time to call Django.
Its how it should all work. Different ideas but all on the same team at the end of the day.
10mg
Like 5 years ago it was the army green jackets. I went into like 12 stores and every one sold a version of the same jacket.
Its a universal truth.
What's that 3/4?
If youre buying after market necks and hardware why go stock?
Cats knock shit over
Red Green! Where you been pal? Over at this old tony's place?
Man I typed out 5/8 then changed it.
Just the 10mm.
I wanna think they evaporate in open air. Or are sacrificed after the first and only use.
It might be harder for some men or women. Namely those like me who havent bought new clothes in over a decade. I'm still rocking some 06 shit.
r/gatekeeping
Did they just pick punky Brewster to make a point? Like all millenials grew up to be Lisa Frank's period dream?
Mount Fiji though
South park makes a new episode in a week. And has for like 20 years...
5 episodes of bullshit too. You can tell its just Dan riffing.
Gendered swapped id imagine this as front page news.
Where should they live thats less than 1000 a month? Places with no police presence or vicinity to groceries of course!
But its alone.
Or a rotary broach
So a run of a mill punk venue. Ive seen 10 fail for every one succeed. And the ones that succeeded were there when punk and metal were relevant. I hate rap and comedy shows and everything but post rock and metal but a substantial business model it is not. Then again youra could be the 10%.
Yeah no I don't do apartments or condos so downtown is out for me anyway other than maybe Owen park but they've also priced out people who don't want 3 roomates. I have a full shop so I need a garage. Finding a house in tulsa is 10x more of a headache than finding apartments. No shit there are apartments because the houses are now boomers retirement plan so they buy cheap and rent out.
divorced dads and single recent grads?
you also dont need to see it to order it.
hit up sonic
not much softer wood out there. poplar is fairly cheap and tends to be straight. id be tempted to use this as a router template because the form is great.
is this sub for people who want to flip tools for profit or people like me who restore old tools because modern tools are dogshit?
pretty good when weed is legal.
put another 14 bars downtown. maybe theyll stop moving out of oklahoma after they graduate then!
11th and mingo aint that far from midtown. from hoover where im at anyway.
Spoken like a true illianer.
Try that with a girl who says shes 20 but was 17 and see if you get charged with rape or if she gets the charge.
What was the good reason?
Nice try, Ping.
Because you over paid in taxes and gave them an interest free loan for the year.
Exactly. When you fill out a w4 the idea is you claim so you owe nothing and receive nothing on your tax return.
Theyve required ssns my whole life basically.
Go for it
I'm more nervous that Amazon is doing wot and lord of the rings at the same time and guess whos gonna get the better budget?
Not one street shark smh
I've been doing production for around 20 years and have never heard of half of this slang. What country are you in? Also that's a big call for one stage 4 man crew. Good on your boss for invoicing for proper labor. Half our clients would have stuck me with a monitor world and myself to run foh/LD and change overs. There's always some dickhead green horn that is too good to schlep soco and feeder and wants to run foh. Fuck em is industry standard. good on y'all.
Name those years
Its like the most quoted show of all time. Just doesn't seem like it because most of reddit is 16 and the show was on when they were born.
She died 5 years ago
Driving over the speed limit is also illegal.
Preston playz wife brianna
Goddamn hitler ruining aerodynamic mustaches!
Those wall timothy McVeigh proof?
Iatse for sure would have demanded water.
Hostpitals charge so much because the insurance company won't pay so when they overcharge they do so to cover their costs because insurance will haggle them down to say 20%. So if something costs the hospital 2k to do they'll charge 10k to insurance. Obviously as decades go on and this becomes a feedback loop where the care is shit and the only people making money are pharmaceuticals and insurers. Straight up middle men. Why does insulin cost 1000% more than 20 years ago when its the same medication?
So were back to too big to fail. America is back to 1820s. Quick edit: that would indeed be the short term outcome. What about 10 or 20 years?
Ok so what about long term
My child can't move plywood
And blockbuster
Millenials are killing paragraphs!
Found the aeil man
Darpa got that money
Now imagine 20 more years of that
Watch wicker park but replace the main guy with steve buscemi
Still waiting on the privilege
Bitch I wish he would burn these muthafuckin clothes.
Y'all know dominos are franchises right?
These mouthbreathers don't read. C'mon.
Taz M. Devil
Ive been depressed for 20 years. Its like its own friend. Like oh here we go again. Its not even new at this point. Just life.
Yeah I used it as an example in context.... I don't go around thinking life is like movies. When someone asks what a creepy guy is and uses romcoms as an example the point is replace the hot guy with an ugly one and you have your answer.
I mean thats basically a crossover your just separating the positive leads. You wouldn't notice any phasing unless you had them both going.
They'll just rinse them bitches off and pop em on.
You could definitely not charge 1000% markup on insulin and be ok.
California has the worlds 6th highest GDP. What about your dick stain state?
Same. I had to get 37 stitches in the er once and like a month later I pulled em out myself.
Heres some pocket sand. Its just more of this after.
Does this dude have a constant army protecting him? Hes like hated worldwide.
Hot Cheetos and takis
Six gifs at once?! Go away! I'm batin!
So its kochs all the way down
What would be ironic about that
So is Ikea
Bran wins though
You don't bet on high school sports?
Fathoms are pretty long
Sorry I'm just kind of biased with mortise and tenom/dovetail jointery and stuff. I tend to build most of my furniture. I get most people can't or don't wanna do that.
Its the best when little kids sing it
You've upset the 14 years who hate their stepmoms.
I pictured a dome. Since the dome is referenced like a hundred times.
Hes probably dead.
like literally.
if after 40 ignored police reports is it really taking into your own hands?
weed and beers
more like disserbatin
hmm. all my disstons have split nuts.
Y'all got a lot of tuberculosis in Detroit?
At least change the title.
It would. Ive it like 50 times.
By definition crossposts are the same user.
to further muddy the waters it seems like ebou dar is basically 18th century edinborough scotland.
yeah im a lot more interested in how they moridin, fain, myrdraal, troclocs and the ogier. Also it never said the ogier are green but just that theyre huge versions of men with tufted ears and stuff but for some reason my dumb brain thinks of shrek. Like no they probably have different shades of the same skin tones as humans.
easy karen. cant go expecting.
Does anybody know that band that was posted on here a few months back that had a damn tuba player in it? It was heavy as fuck and I dug it but didn't save it. Anyway yeah it felt refreshing and new when a lot of post rock has hit their pelican ruts.
She's a beaut
this sounds like a non existent hoa. check with the city or county or whatever that its even real. Doesnt the deed to your house count as a certificate of ownership?
Seems a bit on the nose
This is a weird perspective.
Angeldust
Craziest drug I ever did probably was taking full boxes of cortecedine. You trip ballllllllls. Only did angeldust onxe and it was on a laced cigarette I bummed from a delivery driver at dominos.
These https://www.target.com/p/coricidin-hbp-maximum-strength-flu-relief-tablets-acetaminophen-20ct/-/A-15118139?ref=tgt_adv_XS000000&amp;AFID=google_pla_df&amp;fndsrc=tgtao&amp;CPNG=PLA_Health%2BShopping_Local&amp;adgroup=SC_Health&amp;LID=700000001170770pgs&amp;network=g&amp;device=m&amp;location=9026282&amp;ds_rl=1246978&amp;ds_rl=1247077&amp;ds_rl=1246978&amp;gclid=Cj0KCQiAmsrxBRDaARIsANyiD1p6E5FmHzjJZ3H5dfgkHIuFkFDz2mCdXTQojzvPcGrOna_CohhWPhQaAsOIEALw_wcB&amp;gclsrc=aw.ds
Japanese pink sensha though
JJ?
Does anybody anywhere in the world believe their government wouldn't just do this shit any way regardless of a constitutional ban? Ask any native American how far to trust the government.
I thought Lacrosse was in Wisconsin?
What's that now?
I feel like Charlie is the kind of guy that would use the trope and respond correctly its rape. Like using a cliche with purpose.
Everything should last at least one generation.b
Jaco Pastorias over here
Hotkeys bro. Left hand comp, right hand donk.
Yes
Come on, Roach.
Theyre gunning for ya banks.
Those have no release. You have to wipe the shavings off. Id probably rivet a handle into the side of this bucket at a 45 and call it a day.
He and a handful of others for sure. Keith moon being another.
He was impeached
Weve burned a lot of women to death on way flimsier charges in america
Does it sting?
Not enough hand jobs to be days of thunder
The one my shop had didnt.
Well I live in Oklahoma so I can attest to first hand accounts of people believing there is a pecking order. The entire state was stolen from tribes in the first place by people who believed they deserved more for being white.
We weren’t in a post scarcity world at the dawn of time we are now.
Fucking dinks
We throw over 40% of the food grown away world wide. And you’re acting like we can’t literally eat any animal at any time or any vegetable. Want a fuckin orange in December? Go for it.
They negotionated fine when it’s white people with guns at a capital building
Maybe they could make mini calidors to control men
What evidence is there of that? There’s even an amendment designed to make criminals slaves. Even uses the word slave.
Not the booze!
Isn’t it weird how a part and apart are opposites
Nice
My phone often deceives my spelling too.
Yah that’s Stalin shit
The reality is us having the audacity to elect an articulate well educated black man into the office gave us the hellscape we are in today.
Nah I think he was dancing around in there pulling strings on Michael Jordan cutouts so people thought he had friends.
First guy to bring up Biden in like a week. Is Biden president?
I’ve been to Des Moines it was nice
While the life of George Floyd being snuffed out is heart breaking and tragic this is much bigger than just him. This is boiled to a point where no one can trust the implied authority of the government. This will be in our grandchildren’s textbooks and it would be nice to have a nice resolution to point towards to say we aren’t all morally corrupt or walking through life in a haze.
Legal weed over here helps
Thanks climate change for letting us find all these ground scores
He’d get 2 years like almost all white collar crime.
Nurses are required to recertify when changing states. Could be similar with police.
No knock raids and asset forfeiture gotta go too.
This will be forgotten in 12 hours so the weeks of waiting will be moot.
Black elm longbows
Al Asande
We can’t skip the killbots
They’re out numbered like 1000 to 1
This is good to know.
I’ve heard they’ll taste better than fine
You most certainly don’t register your business as your home when you actually have a home.
I miss 90s R&amp;B. And black entertainment.
The metrics I heard were by around December well probably be in a great depression again. Things have changed since I heard that but we’ll see how bad it gets. We took a 3% global hit to the Decade gdp in those 3 months but I suspect it’s higher over time.
Yes this time it’s not bill clinton this time it’s Donald trump and he wants to roll the tanks over American bodies.
This was the emoji for vagina in 96
He got arrested here in Oklahoma on pills I think back in 04 but he’s been super normal ever since he woulda been like 22 in 04
Now that I haven’t seen.
More familiar with 8===D?
I see chat roulette hasn’t changed much
Well life’s a dance. Ya learn as ya go.
Also 30 is barely worth the time for them to make this. It’s kind of a steal really
Which city? I played warped tour that year.
The good news is you’d don’t even have to switch willingly.
I went to the Dallas one but we played KC
Yeah I mean the year we played was like every time I die August burns red cartel acceptance Thursday underoath etc. hell of a year for music.
Oof Turner diaries for your incel fan fiction
Hell yeah im heading to Greenland then. Hit me up some hildefolke
Mo problems
It still means slow everywhere but America.
Damn the Ellen show is getting weird
You can’t just say that these days
A man can dream
What is this Bobs road?
Go wolves
This is how I switched to soccer
The gang starts an empire
It’s just Frazier crane flying around going “I’m listening”
Would you for 8 an hour?
My point is the people on hand to want to address this issue are well below the pay grade (not necessarily skill level anybody can have ingenuity) to care enough. Sure there might be natural puzzle solvers on shift but they’re there to go home the second they walk in the door.
I can assure you mcdonalds does not manufacture these machines. They have a third party vendor contract and I’m sure they have a clause on so many service hours to their client. However, the problem passed on to this vendor would be in their best interest to be addressed because they’ll go with someone else.
Dying people don’t go to the police they go to doctors
They most certainly protect capital and property. Just not yours.
Yeah no. Supreme Court is the actual monarchy here. Final say as it were.
Well if your sticking to that metaphor don’t hold a mechanic to your water heater breaking.
Show me the drill
What we need is the fuckin green ajah and some linked ashaman with angreals.
Too true
And then when they hear your new law they say it’s unconstitutional and it’s repealed. It’s the entire point of the constitution so you don’t drastically alter laws every 10 years back and forth when people retire or die. Also why scjs are lifelong appointments.
Which specific thing is not the case
Ah how refreshing zero progress must feel
To be clear Biden represents zero progress in this instance
Goddamn djinns
Go see if you can pass a law prohibiting murder and see if it gets through the bill of rights without them changing
Now try to “change it”
#shinfo
Shitty info. Out of context out of the blue. It’s an older term.
I’d rather someone satirize spaceballs
Jesus Christ you are dense. Yes a law prohibiting murder exists. Under your logic you’d be able to change that. Go for it I’ll wait.
It’s a watered down version of cube
Yeah I’ve made it about five times in a row.
Taser the carpet
It’s a 90s college movie that parodies the liberal hippy college experience. See also biodome.
This was real stabby back in 05 cool to see how the city has evolved.
this is awesome and ideally what id like to do with land in the future. you should look into earth ship construction. for homes and outbuildings.
Same I hope you cut the sleeves off yours as well
I can guarantee you were banging hotter chicks at 22. At 32 you need a woman. With her shit together. It can’t matter what that face looks like at 32.
Yeah I’m 35 youngest I’ll go is like 28 and even that is such a huge cultural gap. 22 is legit a child
We’re talking about Rasputin’s legendary dong calling up Churchill’s liver for some hot dog and sour kraut action.
That does sound strange but I don’t know enough about Julia Childs to doubt it.
We burned witches with a lot flimsier evidence.
In Iceland all the witches were men.
Listen to John moreland and the black gold band - Oklahoma skies
That’s pretty greasy, Ray. Even for you.
Their fed up with the absurdity of life.
I’ve thought about asking to go i9 and take the different they pay in ss unemployment tax insurance and pto as payment. I can pocket and pay my own taxes quarterly anyway.
We all know where the well turned calves hang out.
I’m kind of bummed. Rip hewing axe.
You did a beautiful job and did the tool justice. I have a huge soft spot for old tools and giving them another generation. I have quite a collection but they’re hard to find. Yada yada.
Just try to get one over 40 years old. Modern steel sucks.
It appears you know what you’re doing with rust removal and finishing.
We ran out of continents to steal land from
Boots on the moon!
You don’t want that thing turning around corners
not nearly enough bush for steampunk
Now I’m picturing royal tits. Happy Father’s Day to me!
Right on track.
This actually is a fun thought
This but for real. Our steel tends to be better.
If only it were different then it would be different.
Stainless steel for food grade. Doesn’t rust.
Chikatilo remembers
Put your number on here and get lots of friends
Was that the one with the stupid ass kid from surf ninjas who finds a bag of diamonds in his wheelchair?
It’s the game gear and the 30 years of living I’ve done since then
It’s no 3 ninjas 3
True nascar is runnin from the feds anyway
Well here’s 15 grand of shit I don’t have
So rich people will keep encryption or what
Technically Lucifer gave us free will
Ate the fruit that gave us knowledge and free will and here we are. Of course it’s all a bullshit book anyway ripped off of previous religions thousands of years before. I do find it funny that the symbolism is basically god wants you stupid and will kill everyone for shits.
Aliens is a much likelier theory than any theology of any culture. One has evidence the other has faith.
Book of Eli talking about the nephalym being 8 foot tall human angels coming to fuck shit up. I mean hell if you believe the Bible you basically agree some lady was raped by an alien and told her husband it’s all good.
They’re all basically rip off versions of other creator dickheads.
Overturn 1033 program if you want to demilitarize the police.
Yeah there’s a huge section of Christians that actively want the world to end. It’s bizarre.
Convicted pedophiles should be castrated full stop.
What was the crime
Ah it’s one of those grey-human hybrids trying to normalize their stupid get us all pissed off agenda.
Ah so they’re halfway to cynic nihilism like the rest of us.
God gave us the will to impose our will. - Catholicism
shut up jerry nobody wants your honey.
ill disagree but thats fine. how about with god and job? is that a lesson in free will? or cain and abel?
honestly i think hell was kinda created later on in christianity to kind of get people on board. gotta lay out consequences if you want the proles to fall in line. you have a shiny hat and everything they should listen to you.
There were like 3 billion people in 1970. No shit it’s higher now than ever. More people are alive now.
Yeah it’s not too bad to be alive now. We missed out on a lot of cool shit too but we get the better end of the stick than most of humanity. I wonder what the number of people throughout history who lived from birth to death with zero conflict is.
Side note if we didn’t judge animals harambe would be alive. Kind of a metaphor really we are god to harambe and cast him out for doing what we created him to do.
Faith is the belief in something without empirical truth.
Yep which is why I said halfway. Marxism still has optimism in humanity.
Lowes also had the highest quarter of all time when everybody stayed home for 2 months and worked on their house
Yeah growing up Christian id always love to show off my embodiment, zao, living sacrifice records and get shunned by old dicks. Even after I pointed out they were Christian bands. This is 100% thought police.
It’ll keep you from being trapped inside a cube that cooks and cuts you into pieces. Also be sure to suck on buttons it creates saliva so you don’t go thirsty.
The no mask open up America protests were weeks before Floyd died.
Or Tulsa
Don’t fire the pandemic response team a year before a pandemic next time?
Not Clinton. We were surplus in the 90s thanks to the .com boom. Kind of a once in a century kind of thing to happen though.
The roaches really crawling out from under the couch on you here.
Why in any world would we fire a pandemic response team? I’m asking for an honest answer not your knee jerk downvote because I hurt your feelings.
I’m not sure what they’re tryin to say.
Yeah it was a weird decade
We actually stopped testing
This bitch got mk ultra face
I’d equate this to having stake in mineral rights. You just get a check for life. If you put that into a high yield account it’d be pretty decent when you retire
Yeah after mk ultra I’m cool with the government not developing the efficacy of drugs.
I thought it was Christopher cross
Is the kompromat worse than all the shit he’s been dragged through for being such a moron? Like at what point would a sane person be like fuck this shit release whatever you got I’m out.
Maybe we’ll hear all about this shit in like 30 years when it’s declassified. As is American tradition.
Yeah there should be like 1700 house members
Well the tough ones to get are the ones who don’t wanna fuck kids.
Times feel electric now. Like they must have around 1917 waiting for some next thing. Lessons never seem to be learned from the past.
That’s more of a Rasputin move
Yeah it would look like fuckin Star Wars. I’m into it.
