Yours silly! That was dope!
I'm the jerk that politely say "not gay, but still flattered," then proceeds to use the confidence boost to practice my flirting back, leaving the poor man confused and wistfully charmed. Sorry random gay dudes out there! I don't mean to be a tease!
I'll look it up and keep an ear out. I dig the hi energy but still fun and musical style.
Maybe Jimmy has the uncanny ability to accurately measure volume through sight alone and we are all idiots on this blessed day.
I had a stray cat slowly usurp my cat. They looked exactly the same, only one was a sweety and one was a complete asshole. First thought my cat had Jekyll/Hyde thing going on. Then thought I was going crazy for a while after I started catching glimpses of both of them at the same time, like in the dark, or see one out the window, hear one behind me, turn to see the one behind me, but by the time I look back out the window, it's gone. Finally had mine follow me in to the house one night, only to encounter the asshole, who instantly chased him out of the house, never to be seen again :(
&gt; I'd put Obama below Bush, What do you mean?
She's a fish, Harry!
You didn't hear that the [Bone Farmer](https://i.redd.it/ubx5l4uh0rt01.jpg) died?
It helps that we have a good climate for outdoor and lax laws about home growing. I just pulled more than I can smoke from my backyard, and I did nothing but stick a couple donated clones in the ground and water occasionally. Not the hugest buds, but it sure is stinky and tasty. Ended up trimming half and sending the rest to be hashed, so I'll be set for another year.
Toss it in with the ol' Yule log as incense.
Or Russians. Fuck Assange. He's a stooge. He only releases the truth that shows poorly on some to protect the evils of others. He's as evil as any.
So much of society is people doing the same dumb shit over and over again until someone learns and some rules and norms are put in place to try to save us from ourselves...then people still do the same dumb shit and bitch about how much better society would be if they we could just do whatever dumb shit they come up with.
*::rips own heart out looking for the friendship and dies alone in a pool of own blood::*
I straightlined the Cirque at Bachelor on one of the last days last spring on some really nice gel. It was terrifying and amazing. Definitely recommend a bluebird or springer for the first time.
It's like Iraq all over again. "You just don't like Bush. They wouldn't lie us into a war. Stop being such a dramatic conspiracy theorist!" "Hey! They lied us into war! WTF? Nobody knew! We all believed them!" *"I knew. I said it at the time. You called me nuts and partisan. Now you are doing the same with Trump."* "It's different!"
Eek. That's one reason I like my old cars.
I think they are referring to themselves or a partner.
And I sneer and laugh at you. Sure there is a lot of bs and bias when it comes to "evolutionary psychology," but it's a real thing. Our brains and the processes inside it didn't just poof into existence one day.
&gt; Government is bad at basically everything. Seriously. That's why the US and Europe are hellholes with zero infrastructure and roving militias compared to such free places as South Sudan and Somalia.
"I like the smell of lavender" is a completely unrelated unrelated statement. You were advocating libertarianism, I was calling it stupid.
It's a "natural" process, like pooping!
43 *before* Trump.
Well, if you are in a position to be offered the job, government basically is already your life.
I'm sorry. I will not debate a person advocating for brutal torture and murder. You've lost already.
That's because they were dicks, not because they were black.
"Title" should be a new meme.
Lol, holy shit. Did *you* even read your own link?
I do buy some of those. Comparable tools from them have a comparable price to SnapOn. Like an SK 3/8" ratchet is about $80. So is SnapOn. I swear by my snapon ratchets. My little 3/8" has such nice small teeth and smooth action, as good as the day I bought it ten years ago, and I've abused the shit outta it. Used it as a breaker, used it as a hammer, dropped in every fluid, it is still perfect.
Also, if a jack fails and kills you, it's your fault for working under a car supported only by a jack and no stands.
You know E-M-Ails, type em up, CC, send em to a few!
And every shitty reality show that followed.
&gt; a Model since 5 years old Yes, that is a decidedly trash thing right there. Like an an eastern European Honey BooBoo.
Lol. Every study shows it *saving* money on healthcare. The only reasoning behing not implementing some form of universal care is "Because fuck you."
I know you are joking, but seriously, anthrax is a naturally occuring pathogen that can lay dormant in soils for decades, especially at low temps. It mostly affects livestock and game that eat low growing plants like grasses.
2 pi r not 2 pi.
&gt; Also why is their go to dance move the peanut butter jelly time? Thank you! I knew I recognized that "dance."
It feels amazing in that moment, like you said. You're often in a place and conditions that would be near certain death if wasn't for that piece of wood, plastic, and metal strapped to your feet, yet you are completely free. One second is terrifying, the next absolutely beautiful, I'm as happy silently surfing the powder puffs between the trees as I am screaming down the steeps.
Gotta keep the Clinton Boogeyman in the news somehow...
El oh el. Ya boy is going down.
Nobody was talking about Michelle. But you aren't wrong.
Our shop specializes in rear engined Volkswagens. Primarily Vanagons. The amount of shit people will leave in their vans and campers when they *know* you need to get to some thing under it all is frustrating. Everything engine related is inside the van somewhere. Engine bay access? Hatch under the five pure white comforters, camp toilet and cord of firewood they have stacked on the bed in the back. Batteries? Under the front seats that are encased in maps, cupholders, bongs, a 120lb labrador, and stuck in place with rusty tracks. Oh yeah, it's a camper, can you fix the sink? By the way, I am very anal about my cupboard organization and I also tried to fill the whole cabinet system with spray foam cuz I thought it would help insulate. And I pooped on the access lid to the water tank/pump because I thought it was a toilet. Needs an ECU? That's a simple enough fix. Once you move the twelve yards of concrete in 80lb bags that in completely filling the rear of the van to get under the back seat, only to find more sprayfoam encasing everything under there...
Yeah, I'm one of *those* people, a Bay to Oregon transplant. Bought my first dub in Berkeley!
Lucky for you, VW/Audi builds the entire car around the heater core.
Buddy of mine shipped a VW bus over there from OR. Oregon has a super chill DMV and he lives there 9 mo outta the year, so the Oregon plates stay.
He was simply acknowledging reality. Neither of them are wrong. It sucks for her that she's always seen as "sexy," even when she doesn't want to be, and it sucks for him that he can't look at her without involuntary, but totally natural and real...um..."stirrings." It's just the reality of being a human (or sentient toon, I guess) at the whims of your body and others.
You aren't wrong at all. Just mentioning her in overalls in a factory and there was a flash in my mind of her looking all "cute" in overalls, with tastefully "messy" hair and little spots of soot painted on her cheeks.
What the difference between this joke and and the US President? Nothing, they are both fucking stupid.
Did you teach the wife? I've found that sometimes the best thing to do with newbs that you are attached to is to ditch them on the mountain somewhere once you've seen that they can make it down (with a million bails, sure). They will be pissed at you when they get to the bottom, but that anger will be directed at the mountain until then, and they will make it their bitch. Taught a few people's SOs that way. Now they are even more about it than their partners.
Well yeah, cuz I was 11 in 1993.
Tex is my bro. I used to work with them. They started by building the Sammich trucks and have since built dozens, from simple service-only trailers to full kitchens. We even built one with an outdoor shower to ship to Hawaii, so the surfers could hose off the salt while waiting for sushi!
Glad to help!
Jesus, this isn't some shitty movie where someone can take over a computer that has no connection to any network and no way to make one using magic hacker power. Also, people leak sensitive info to journalists all the time, we just hear about the ones that get caught. The rest are "anonymous sources."
Well yeah, because that's how you cause more accidents. Never stop on the highway.
What if the threads are really rusty, requiring several turns with decent force? Any good mechanic will use the most efficient tool for the job.
In case anyone is wondering, that's a South African bay-split. Factory built using body parts from both bays and splits.
Ummmm.... "lesbian" describes a female homosexual. If a woman identifies as a woman and has sex with only women, she is just as "homosexual" as a homosexual man. The real question is, what horse do y'all have in the race?
Yup, would throw mine at brick walls regularly, pick the pieces of the cheapo fleamarket outer case up, clip it back together, and carry on with a call.
That bus looks like a damn good candidate. Surface rust on panels is no indication of structural rust. And anything is fixable. I'd buy that thing tomorrow if it was that close to me and available if it was under a couple grand. Shit might start right up with a set of points and some fresh gas, who knows?
I take it you are in favor of gun control as well, then?
Waiting for that roast pic...
Great shot. Can't wait to build my backcountry kit.
I've seen that at my local hill. There are some nice steeps, but also lots of fairly unavoidable mellows. When there is 3ft+ fresh, it gets to be a bit of a workout! More like swimming than surfing, and no "powder board" will save you.
A full bunch of bananas. Or a dick. Reddit loves dicks.
I used to hold it for a week in summer camp when I was a little kid. Would only poop at home. Don't know how my little body didn't explode.
Ackshuuually, it's got an umlaut over the Y, and is still pronounced like jell-O.
O hi mark
When Washington legalized, they made a new "distracted driving" law that says you can't eat while driving. I guess "I smell cheeseburgers" is their new "I smell marijuana."
Already has three groms.
I've pulled more than a few Vdubs in far worse shape than that out of the weeds and fired em right up after a little tinkering, a battery, and some fresh gas. So no, it likely won't start right up, but it is quite possible it can live again with minimal effort.
Def a 71.
We're down in Eugene, about 80mi south.
Hard to tell if it's symmetrical.
I think they are making a clumsy reference to Trump going to England and not literally shitting on the Queen.
Seen several old hippy mamas' rigs that looked something like this. I do work at a VW van specialty shop though...
I don't think you got the joke in the first place...
They aren't at all safe. But they aren't supposed to be. If you want a "safe" vehicle, get something else. If you want an awesome vehicle that you'd be proud to die in, get the Westy.
Nah, it should be cooperation. You pull us up the hill, we'll supply the laughs watching us bail on the way down.
There is no "still" reference point. Everything is relative.
This analogy belies a serious lack of actual comprehension. Just sayin'. It sounds good, but it's dumb af.
Been there buddy. Trust us, this is actually gonna turn out to be one of the best things that happened to you. Now you can be yourself, and hopefully someday find someone who likes you for who you are.
You are free to do so, and then free to face the consequences of it.
His history led me to Asktrumpsupporters. Holy shit, the mental gymnastics they do to apply some sort of great, intentional logic to Trump's bumblings is astounding.
First topic I stumbled into was "the military pays more for viagra than gender reassignment." Top comment basically says Trump is too busy to know the numbers, and he has people to know those kinds of things for him. But apparently they don't tell him those things because he's too busy to worry about numbers. Anyway, here's Wonderwall...
Grumpy cat? Is that you communicating from the great beyond?
Sanders supports whoever the Democratic candidate ends up being.
This is the true skater way.
Im guessing he means they are cut so the tree doesn't fully fall and hangs there, propped up by it's branches and still somewhat attached to its base.
Probably works better on some types of trees than others.
Bought that bus in Berkeley. Quite familiar with the Ebrake starts on the SF hills.
Not really. It has its own DNA and its system is almost entirely separate from the mother's. The fetal blood never even mixes with the mother's. Nutrients and oxygen are exchanged between the two vascular systems, but other than that, the fetus is an independent organism.
Yes, we are the baddies.
It's a godsend for anxiety and stress induced ailments. THC on it's own makes it worse for me if anything, and I never understood how people said it helps them. I smoked recreationally for decades, but didn't get any "medical" benefits from it. But a CBD distillate blend leaves me more focused, energetic, stress-free, and generally happy. Has helped me with my nicotine and drinking habits as well,which further helps the other things.
Was that the "Black Groundhog Day" video?
[I think it was this.](https://youtu.be/eEMIUy_ySA4)
At least he has a hobby?
See u/Lamzn6's reply.
Meh. People fuck. If you are gonna have roommates, someone is gonna hear some others fuckin' at some point. Not a big deal.
That was a cover. Originally by The Toyes.
And Scarlet Begonias is a Greatful Dead tune, though they added the verse about selling everything to get a microbus to sell drugs out of on tour.
Nah. No worries. It's summertime! The livin's easy!
Nah. Just trying to help calm you down. Maybe some Burritos would help. Sidenote, my favorite Sublime cover was the [Hong Kong Fooey theme song.](https://youtu.be/gz-kWEkazKg)
How do you lower a dub with muffler hangers?
I think anyone who uses shit like "red pill" is an embarassment to my gender, and as a past victim of sexual assault and domestic abuse, I'd prefer to not have "red pilled" people on my "side."
I've seen people literally get pissed here, claiming that it's not their fault they can't hold it in for a few hours. Personally, I don't have a problem with masturbation. It's totally normal and healthy in moderation. And "moderation" does vary from person to person. But got dang if the whole trend to be totally open about it is.....just kinda weird.
Buying a cake when marrying someone you love is a little different than being a piece of shit scammer and propagandist using someone else's platform to scam and spread propaganda.
It's not a problem if you don't do it again, but it was still inappropriate and weird that you did it before. (Unless of course you work completely alone in some remote location, or in your own home.) We've all done/All do weird shit sometimes, but there are *some* limits.
The scale is different. Like Europe's 91RON is the same as US's 87.
Edited for clarity.
Pro-tip: if you aren't sure when it's ok to use that word an when it isn't, it's not ok to use it. If you've ever said anything like "why is it ok when..." it's not ok for you to use it.
91 should be just fine. I could see a noticeable performance drop at 87. But 91 should be just fine in it. Might get a mile less a gallon.
That's 87, not 91.
http://evtv.me/2017/05/doka-tesla-model-s-brightly/ Not the first.
Yup. That's the hose and the stock air cleaner. With your generic one, you'd need to drill a hole and plumb a bung in. Or do the generic case vent filter suggested above.
Oh, looking again, it's not a stock carb, and that outlet is a mangled fatty. I'd go with something like the other user posted with the built in breather. Probably the easiest way to do it.
I used to be there pretty much every day for the first few years it was open, then, ya know, life. I've got the old VW bus with a smile and eyelashes. Can't miss 'er. I'm usually in the corner trying big dumb flippy flyout stuff. Sometimes I even land something!
It's been one outrage after another, yes.
I've seen much older tires in much better shape. Those must have sat facing the AZ sun for most of those years.
Such a simple pleasure most of us take completely for granted. Technology is amazing.
Not all concentration camps in Nazi Germany were death camps. A concentration camp is somewhere where you "concentrate" a specific group/class of people in inadequate and inhumane conditions.
I'd love to make a boarding trip through Europe and Russia someday. And one of my boarding friends is going to Chile this summer to ride the southern winter and see the eclipse. So jealous!
Weld up a frog-like suit of armor.
You get called a welder?
Hey, if you want to go around letting everyone know you're an idiot, that's your prerogative.
If it makes you feel any better, I mostly drive 50 year old deathtraps with no airbags, unpowered drum brakes, and lap belts. I also don't snowboard due to necessity. I do it because I enjoy it.
Do you understand the concept of averages? Because it seems like you don't, and therefore, I'd have to give you a whole elementary education before even getting into concepts like the difference between climate and weather.
Are you Am? Or just Am-ish?
Never change, reddit.
So some west coast "pow" then, lol. (I kid, we did get a lot of real pow out here this year. Not just the usual Sierra cement and Cascade crud.)
I like bombing hills too. Most skaters do. But it's just one part of a vast world of possibility on a board. To many skaters, it goes much deep than just riding on a board. I totally understand the feeling of surf-like freedom on a hill bomb. Nothing can compare to that feeling. Just like nothing can compare to floating on fresh powder down a steep chute. And it sure as heck can be scary, and involve internal conflict. But a lot of what drives street/park skaters is the constant battle against yourself. It's the endless bails, the hundreds of tries, sometimes across decades, to finally nail that thing you've been trying since high school. It's getting up screaming in pain, and dragging yourself up those stairs over and over. It's a whole....thing. I'm not trying to besmirch you. Just answering honestly.
Did Ronald make it across the pond or go swimmin'?
Yeesh. Come down to Oregon for a vacation and we'll fix it for less than half that. That price is absurd.
Make sure the grounds for the ECU are super clean and replace the Tire Pressure Monitors and Airbag Sensors at the same time. Might want to upgrade the navigation software as well.
No worries mate. You are on a board and shredding it. Just trying to explain why you might feel a bit of judgement from (especially younger) modern skaters. Not that any of that matters as long as you enjoy skating and you do it for you. Any particular reason you never tried to expand your skating? You definitely aren't too old. The peak of my skating "career" was when I was your age, and though I'm a bit out of practice because I've been focused more on snowboarding the last few years, I can still go harder than many. Been at it for damn near 30 years. Not saying you have to learn a ton of crazy flips, but try some bowls and banks, learn to ollie and hit gaps and such. It's such a rewarding sport, and you have the fundamental part down pat already. Which brings up the very core of "skating." Progression. A skater is always progressing. Even if it's ten steps back, one step forward, always progressing. Always getting up and trying again. Always trying something new. Always pushing yourself. Even if that means re-learning thing that you used to be able to do. Or learning new ways to keep skating into older age. Always trying to defeat whatever doubts you had in yourself.
World's first hybrid.
Imagine Iran was flying drones 15 miles off the coast of New Jersey. We'd have already declared it an unequivocal threat and purposeful provocation, shot it down, and "justifiably" bombed the shit out of them.
Thank you. I see this "all women should hate Trump" thing all the time. No. All *people* should. Women are just as capable of atrocity and/or stupidity as men.
We've bombed countries for less. We destroyed Iraq based on lies by the same people in charge now.
Air resistance and turbulence. The water breaks apart into smaller droplets and mixes with air, slowing the water and spreading out the force. Edit: also spillways like this often have some sort of vertical "fins" made of reinforced concrete right at the end, which help break up the flow. Like [these](https://krcrtv.com/resources/media/63c7c5b2-257b-40f6-93d6-72dc689db2fa-large16x9_orovillespillway.JPG?1558007712505) on the spillway on the Oroville dam.
Ah. Ok. Whatever tickles your pickle.
Do you want dictators? Because that is how you get dictators.
I wonder if it would make good bait. Looks delicious either way.
Lol. You aren't the sharpest crayon in the shed are you?
Yes. But you still totally missed the joke.
Lol. You'll grow out of it hopefully. Everyone makes mistakes. Read your history a bit because you mentioned it, now I feel a bit bad. It sounds like you have a problem. Nothing worth harming yourself over, and nothing to be overly ashamed of, but if your sexuality is affecting your daily life, it is a problem. Maybe you need to both work on your self control, *and* find a healthier outlet for it. Usually I'm not one to encourage posting more nudes (the username is a joke, I like nekkid ladies as much as any straight dude, but am slightly weirded out by the whole "nudes" culture of today), but maybe the reason you are having trouble with control is that you still feel ashamed about doing so, and being honest with yourself and your overflowing sexuality will help. Thought about being totally ok with the idea of being an adult entertainer?
Really, we are getting to the point where we have no choice but to be those people and fight for what's right, or we become that which we are fighting. The whole "the only way for evil to prosper is for good men to do nothing" thing.
Yeah, what kind of incorrigible assface would wish that on a kid?
I must know one all grown up. When she was 18, she looked like an anime character or porcelain doll (blonde, giant blue eyes, petite but shapely, etc). Pretty much the "ideal" "nubile young thing." But she sounded like a 52 year old veteran waitress in a diner with no "no smoking" section. Or Juno in Beetlejuice.
Memmmmooorrrieeesss!
Sukhi?
Funny story. Once I was walking the trail back from some hot springs with some friends. It was dark and icy. We had all been singing ridiculous songs all night, and I decided to start belting out "Face down Ass up!" And the second I did, I slipped on an icy tree root, sending myself quite literally face down in the mud and ass up in the air. Hearty belly laughs were had by all.
Yes, just like them shooting cops they feel are oppressing them is their patriotic duty, but black people who feel oppressed who do it are thugs. (I should note that I don't condone it in either circumstance.)
Member when Hillary "bleaching" phones was the end of the world? IOKIYR
My mom hated guns. Did not allowed toy guns. For a while I thought you were *supposed* to just hit them with rocks.
Quality post.
I'm completely straight and want to help make any Straight Pride parade the gayest event ever in any way I can.
Nailed it. What's straighter than a bunch of totally straight and manly men being all straight and manly together to show how straight and manly they are?
....................
Huh?
Yes, yes it does.
Look a Nazi!
It really does, for more reasons than that. I grew up to like guns well enough, as in, it's fun to shoot them and they can be useful tools. But the fetishization of them here is weird and dangerous. And the idea that there should be no controls or even discussion on where the lines are drawn is asinine.
Like and follow! \#payattentiontomeicraveit
So Arby's usual customer base then.
Kid tested, mother approved.
Yeah, I hit my shin with a sharp machete once, so clean I only felt the blunt force. Realized that seemed wrong, and noticed a clean cut in my pants, sock, and leg. Looked sorta like this, but through the tiny layer of fat right to the bone. Calmly put down the machete and whiskey, dug out the first aid kit, found the butterfly closures, taped it up, and it finally started bleeding just in time for the shock to wear off and make me need to lay down for a bit.
Not really. Just camping and cutting up some wood. Didn't have a hatchet.
I once heard him call a college student "Stupid." Or at least his question He was asked "If you could give advice or say anything to the next Dalai Lama, what would it be?" He replied "(giggle) That is verrry stupid question... (giggle)"
Nobody says he's a dictator yet, but he's trying his damndest to be one, and his supporters are trying their damndest to help him.
AmErica IsNT a DeMocraCY iTs @ RePubLick!!2!
r/woosh The original comment did. The last one was a joke. Charcuterie is an assortment of select cuts of (usually cured) meats arranged tastefully and paired with complimentary cheeses and such. So literally "curated" meat.
"Stop memeing" and explain what you are trying to say.
People here get reeaall mad when you remind them of this, or that helmet or not, snowboarding is a "stupid and dangerous" activity that we *choose* to do. Edit: here comes the downvote train, lol. Oh noes! Our poor karma! Edit2: there's hope yet! This sub should be inclusive and free, instead of every other post turning into lectures about helmets and downvote brigades. That ain't changin' any minds, and only contributes to a toxic atmosphere antithetical to the free spirit of snowslidin'.
Like, do any of these people even ride? I've never once been bothered on the mountain with preachy shit about helmets. And it still seems like most choose not to wear them, though it's getting close to even. I would never call someone out for wearing one, I understand why people do. But it ain't for me, outside of certain situations, like backcountry tree riding. If I die on the mountain, I die happy. I ride for me, not for anyone else.
Where? The only fatalities were in the cockpit and injuries were minimal.
$25k and you expect it to work?
In the grand scheme, that ain't that much.
I literally can't comprehend being such a selfish prick I couldn't bear to give up $2 a year to help prevent suffering.
Did you just have a stroke?
Disgusting. This man was murdered because, like any father should, he hoped to die before his children.
Holy shit. This is the coolest thing I've seen on this sub. OP, your work is incredible.
Thanks. My abusive relationship was over a decade ago. As for closure with the more recent girl, it does kinda suck that she couldn't even say goodbye. Called me on the way back to let me know she was on her way, then never responded again. Only reason I know she is alive is that I could see activity on her insta before being blocked. I hope she's ok and she's happy with the choice she made. Nobody can make decisions for others. It's her life. I hope you find sone closure in your situation. That's above and beyond unexpected. I can't even imagine being blindsided like that.
Totally dope board art, yes. OP. Contact some skate companies. Trying to think what company it would fit well with. I'm kinda ootl on the hip brands these days. I just ride Alien Workshops.
I saw him on the Mandatory Fun Tour. One of the best shows I've seen in years, no joke. The Clapton-esqe acoustic jam was amazing. And those costume changes. Dude is a total pro.
It was a ballsy ass drop! I'm pretty fearless, but my old bones cringe watching that.
I repeat. I'm old. Your whippersnapper lingo means nothing to me.
Where there were voter roll purges, and discrepancies in exit polling.
Oh, sorry Mr. President. I didn't realize it was you.
Idiot.
Came here to say "the love-child of Paris and Di."
Thanks for the video. Just introduced me to a new band. Carrion is dope!
Yup! That's what a rig like that is for!
I see you have the same high quality of graffiti at your local as at mine. One thing I miss about living in a real city is decent graffiti. I don't mind graffiti on the park at all, but at least make it cool people! And especially don't throw your chickenscratch about who's a bitch or a snitch over some actual art (that's directed at the people at my local that write that shit on the dope-ass murals).
Yeah, I see flamingoes.
Aile? Like aileron?
Ha! I love that you call em "prndl"s. My dad's wife calls 'em that and it's great. Yeah, that's one of my requirements. I'd never get an old automatic truck, esp a Ford. I just bought my first auto in almost two decades the other day, and that's only because it's an RV.
I'm sure I would love it, but it's still kinda cringey here. "This random local just trying to ride with his cool board is so cool!" Cool. I know, I'm being kind of a dick. Sorry.
A 2011 F150 is a far cry from the brand new monster rigs I was picturing. As for the storage thing in general, the point was that it's far cheaper and less wasteful to buy a decent used truck cash for a few grand and pay $1200 a year to store it than to buy a new $70k truck that you actually use for it's truckiness a few times a year. I also just don't get city life in general, but that's just my deal. I grew up in the city and got out as soon as I could.
Seems like we have ourselves a Mexican Jerr-off.
That's fine, that's basically what I do, only with more space and cars but less "luxury." That's what trucks are for. When I said I have a bunch of cars, it was simply in response to the guy who said I'm "jelly." I'm doing just fine in the vehicle department, I'm just not into fancy new trucks.
I hope so. Further up would be pretty weird.
At that elevation, it's so cold and dry and windy, the snow never really sticks to the steep sides enough to glaciate the peaks. It does settle into the crevices though. There is still a fair amount of snow in this picture, it's just the scale is massive and makes it look like a dusting. And yes, those are Everest and the surrounding peaks.
Wild strawberries have all the flavor of the giant domestic ones concentrated into a little red bean though. So much better.
Relatively high property and income taxes.
I am intrigued by this concept of the strawpepper.
Lucky! I can't complain though, I have a ton of blackberries and several varieties of delicious plums in my yard. Trade sometime?
Damn, delivered! Those would be a great garnish for ice cream. Just kind of stab em in there.
Yes, this irrationally irritates me.
I think it depends on the specific strain and the environment. I find them in the mountain woods and near the beach here, and they are usually awesome. I have had bland ones before.
Yup! I too want to try the gros michel someday.
I'm gonna die if I *don't* get some lumpia now.....
So many kinds!
That's probably just a matter of building those muscles back up. They'll come back!
Weird, I think snowboarding is much easier than skiing. I begged my dad to let me board as a kid, but it was "too dangerous." I never had any confidence in skis, the mellowest blue square was too much for me. But I got on a board, and I could instantly go anywhere on the mountain, though the first few times were toeside falling leaves down the diamonds. Some people need lessons, some people don't. I have a buddy that never snowboarded before, but had done the Trikke a few times. We hiked him up to the top of the local hill a week before they opened last year, and dropped him straight off the steepest run on the front side. He bailed a bunchnof times, but pretty much had it by the time we got to the bottom. Sink or swim is right! I think it helped not being on a flat icy groomer like most lessons. He learned to surf right away instead of flat boarding it or scraping down town or heel side. And bails don't hurt in two feet of pow.
In that case, put a flywheel the size and weight of a horse on that motor and get back to me after it throws you across the barn.
*Damages totaled three muthafuckinnn dollas an twelve cent!*
I never said anything about the Bible or whether we should believe anything it. And we absolutely should use science to figure out the "stuff that matters." Just that we shouldn't treat "science" as a religion, simply a process to gain knowledge.
But that's the thing, some are. Not you perhaps, and that's a good thing. But lots of people are just as fervent in their atheism as they were in their religion. &gt;Yes, heaven forbid scientists are allowed to talk like everyone else in the world. I didn't say they couldn't you are arguing against me even though we basically agree. It's not really their fault how some people view them.
I mean, they have killed maintenance workers.
Control surfaces are very much affected by slow speeds. An airplane is hardest to control closest to its stall speed, since there is relatively very little air moving over them. This here is borderline "in thrust we trust." This is also fairly routine for seasoned fire crews like this, but it would be a bit nerve wracking for the average pilot. Basically similar to a last second aborted landing, so nothing they haven't trained for, but still kinda sketchy in practice when flying a massive widebody jet.
Never seen one before, anyone with actual direct knowledge feel free to correct me, but looks like it was probably a dealer promotion of some sort. Cool find, looks to be in great condition, and great vintage accessory for the bug!
Lololololololololol! Imagine being this naive.
I learned how powerful deet is when I went to northern Canada and Alaska. The little plastic button pull-cinch thingies on our sleeping bag strings melted into solid blobs of plastic just from contacting our skin that was slathered in deet. Kinda scary.
Just wanted to say I'm sorry again for anything my stupid government is doing. This is getting really out of hand, and I hope we can reign it in before it gets out of control.
It's fun passing cars uphill in a bus while towing. The looks ya get.
The slower you go, the more angle is required out of the control surfaces to deflect the same amount of air, and move the plane in the desired direction. Landing is about the slowest a plane goes, and requires the most precise control. It ends up looking like they are fighting to control it, since they need to move the stick or yoke a great deal to compensate for the slow airspeed, but really, they are basically making tiny corrections.
Hey, I've got thousands of miles of snow driving, often in the hairiest of conditions, in my bus, and plenty in other vehicles from Jeeps to Jettas, thanks to a snowsports addiction. I'll take the bus over just about anything else in most conditions. YMMV.
I wish I had that confidence.
Get a drive shaft decoupler and a front diff lock for the synchro. Then it will eat those beamers for breakfast. But yeah, there is more to moving through snow than number of power wheels. I'm sure the beamers are great. The bus is phenomenal as well. But what would I know about it, besides many years and miles of experience in 'em in all conditions, and purposely chasing trouble. It's funny, you get three kinds of people, people who are surprised they are good in snow, people who think they are decent in snow, and people with experience to know they are phenomenal in the snow.
What do you mean?
That's....not snow. That's like, the opposite of snow. Snow driving is not just about grip. But again, I'm sure the beamers are great. The buses are too, and you apparently do not have a lot of experience with them. I'm not besmirching the beamer, I'm talkin' up the bus. As for the syncro, do you know what a decoupler does? It doesn't make the "front diff lock useless," in fact it does the opposite. It makes the front diff lock function as it should. You can engage and disengage the rear diff lock, front driveline, and front diff lock on the fly, at will. So you can drive 2wd on dry pavement, because there is no reason to be in awd then, besides wearing out parts and getting worse mileage and performance, lock in the decoupler if things start getting a little slick, lock the rear diff when things get hairy, and lock the front for true 25-25-25-25 power distribution and unstoppable traction. It's all pretty straightforward and there is a reason you have three lights and space for three knobs in your syncro control on the dash, they were built to have those if you wanted the ultimate offroad van.
Jesus dude, I never said anything about open diffs being great, I was just talking about how to maximize traction in a syncro if it ain't doing the job of getting you through the snow and bring it up past a bus as far as snow capabilities go. Again, I have no need for a syncro because I have a bus that can go anywhere in the snow a syncro can without full locking 4wheel. Like you said about "parts shotgun" all the bells and whistles on paper don't matter until proven in the real world. I don't get why you are so set on saying buses can't be good in the snow based on one thing, open diff rwd, when you apparently don't have the experience to know better? I mean, snowmobiles are "one leggers" but with grip combined with shape, they scoot along just fine in the snow.
K
Yup, a million honest mechanics.... and one bad one is all it takes to ruin people's trust forever.
Their brake kits are pretty nice, actually. They have been stepping up their game in general lately. Used to be totally anti-empi, now they seem to be putting out decent stuff. Like their Webber progressive carb clone runs better on a type4 engine than 90% of true Webbers I've dealt with. I used to be totally against those in general as well, now they do great.
Yup.
I think the likelyhood of alien life is far, far, far, faaaar closer to "absolutely" than "nope."
And time itself is simply a different dimension. It's all really dang big and far away, no matter how you look at it.
Yup! It's looking proper this weekend. Snow is dumping and staying low. I'll be there every day. Look out for either the smiling white VW bus or the Chevy Tioga motorhome with a flamingo whirlygig and a mini chopper bike by the bottom of Ed Chair or the new employee lot and say whatup. I'll be the dork riding the chopper in the lot or the orange Burton with Animal on it on the hill.
I'd say thirties are in the latter half. Then it's all a slow descent into madness.
I'd just think "man, doing the heater core on a European car is a bitch, I don't even want to know what the book time is on an Airbus."
It seems to be working!
I once adjusted the valves in my old VW in my folks' driveway. Drove around the block for a test toast. Got out, saw the line of oil down the driveway, around the block, and back. Forgot a valve cover. Oops.
Name checks out.
How many Iranians have died at the hands of America and their proxies? Look up the Iran-Iraq war. History will keep repeating itself until we stop with our endless proxy wars.
Pretty sure you can deduce from context which of those we are talking about, and what it generally refers to in the gun policy discussion. No need to muddy the waters.
It may be bad, but it feels gooooood.
Obviously the above poster is not being entirely serious. Or serious at all.... ...but since you asked, I'd assume he swindled it from a charity or small business somehow and is trying to use me somehow.
He's now 23 minutes late. Par for the course.
The funny thing is, we hope you are right.
I only know well because I've cut up three vans in the last month for various reasons.
And most of the tips my customers give me are of the 4:20 variety anyway, lol. Gotta love OR.
I moved to the northwest from a place that was gray and foggy and cold and windy 300 days a year. A little rain ain't that gloomy, and the sun and snow in between is like heaven.
The trees get like that on Mt Bachelor up near the tree line. The combination of exposure and heavy snowfall on an fairly isolated peak allows layers of rime ice and snow to pretty much engulf the trees. It's definitely cool af looking.
A buncha tapes and one of those lightning plasma ball thingies.
He's getting paid for it. By selling the cars. That's how that works. You could look at it this way, kid getting hourly might make $100 wiping snow off cars. Guy with the private used car lot might make $1000 if a car sells because he cleaned it off. And yeah, I'm sure it does suck as much as any menial task you are required to do for whatever reason.
I know, but couldn't resist.
Before you do anything else, change those fuel lines. They are original. Decel valve should be routed from that taped off port to a T where the brake booster line comes off the plenum just left of the cold start valve. Or at least just completely bypassed for now. It's not doing ya any favors like that. Make sure your points are in good shape and properly gapped. Make sure you have good fresh gas and the fuel pump is pumping and not sputtering and whining. Then start hunting down the other vaccum leaks people have mentioned. The smaller hoses look good and routed correctly. A trick, if you can get it running enough, is to spray starting fluid or carb cleaner at suspected leaks, and see if it makes the engine rpm change or generally makes it run better or worse. No change, no leak there, yes change, probable leak. But again, before all that, change the fuel lines! All of them, including the injector lines and the ones under the car. Luckily, you have all the metal piping, so it will be relatively cheap.only need a few feet of hose instead of like twelve.
Flying is still the safest form of travel statistically.
Yeah, it's actually quite beautiful.
I'll take it.
Yup. And you can do it to a friend's smoke as well. No inhaling required, besides the hippy crack.
And they are great live. Always keep my eye out for them passing through the area.
Yeah, I wouldn't not drink it...
I think OP was referring to the fact that it's all displayed as pixels. Vector graphics may be effectively pixel-less as far as the file or process is concerned, but it's always rendered in pixels, until maybe it is machined or some other vector based physical process.
I too have the sexual intercourses with my girlperson. She lives in old country though. But she let's me put in but.
I almost mentioned that, but it's not really applicable in context. If anyone is making large scale vector art on on oscilloscopes, I'd like to see it (seriously, not being a dick, that would be cool), though now that you mention it, there is some cool laser art using mirrors following vectors.
Yup. That's exactly my experience. Slow falls, the ground just comes right up and bites ya. Fast falls, you can roll or slide away the momentum, depending on how smooth the ground is. Big falls, got time to think and react accordingly. My local park's surface is like glass, so I often literally throw myself into falls to slide more instead of trying to catch myself and busting a wrist.
I honestly find the thinking that anyone who can see a good looking young person and find them good looking is the creepier part. Of course, don't go telling random teens they are hot, because *that* is creepy. Like, I can look at a teen girl and think "she's way cute," and yet have no actual sexual attraction. I was a teen once, I know a cute girl when I see one. If it's a picture of someone my age, esp a partner, then it's not creepy at all l, it's just saying "At the same time in my life I would have been attracted to you as much as now." If you can't separate basic the basic human instinct of physical aesthetic attraction from actual sexual desire, you might be the one with issues. Hell, I can see a guy and think "He's good looking" but I am not the least bit gay. OPs problem seems to be more in communication and empathy though. His fuck up wasn't telling his wife she was hot, it was ignoring something important to her because football. The only thing he seemed to actually appreciate was her in a bikini at 15. I think that is what made it stand out so much. "Whatever, whatever, sure, uh huh, damn that 15 is hot...."
Go you.
Big brewhouse or local craft? I've always loved the pipe work in breweries.
Kids make life harder but (usually) more rewarding. The only people being "1 upped" here were teenagers who think they have it tough. Adulthood, whether or not you have kids, or puppies, is almost always a lot more work and responsibility than being a teen. It's just a fact. We were all teens once, we all thought we had it hard at some point. You just needed to make some point about how "very smart" you are for not having kids. Cool.
Trump is terrible at deals an negotiations. He has one move. Go absurd/extreme, piss and moan, then claim victory if he gets anything at all in the end.
Yes, just like those of us who were against it before the first bombs fell, and saw it coming as soon as the second tower did said it would. We have the blood of millions on our hands. Yes, incompetence was involved. You are demonstrating it right here. But it was evil that took advantage of that incompetence and turned it into bloodshed. I will never excuse those that supported it, or continue to do so under the guise of "nobody knew any better." You were duped. It was plain as day at the time if you weren't "incompetent." Your "incompetence" destroyed millions of lives and continues to echo through the world.
&gt;it’s clear you have an axe to grind Yes, I do have an axe to grind. You sit here talking about "mistakes were made" while estimated deaths in Iraq are somewhere between 200,000 and a million, and even the low end is absolutely disgusting. Millions more have been displaced, their lives and homes and cities in ruin and batted back and forth in sectarian violence. I do have an axe to grind against people who *still* haven't learned from that mistake. Who hand wave away that mistake because they've never had to face war in their homeland. Oopsies! We meant well! It was an honest mistake! Nobody could have known! Especially not the people who warned us that exactly what happened was going to happen! They just have an axe to grind! On to the next oopsie!
It could still happen. Last week my we were at &lt;15" at my local in OR, and people were talking doom n gloom. Poured 60° rain for New Years. Now we are at about 80" with no sign of letting up. Had three epic pow days this weekend, freshies all day, but after continually digging out in the parking lot to keep the rig free and long lift rides being sandblasted by blowing snow and rime, a warm slushy day foolin around in the park doesn't sound bad either, lol.
Barbara Streisand!
I drive a '68 bus as one of my dailys. It is much faster. I drive it 65-70+. The thing people often don't realize about those buses is that there is a wall around 60, where the power and is weak and drag is strong. So it doesn't seem like it has more. But once you push it past about 62, it hits it's top end power and will happily cruise 65+ all day on level ground. The engine likes higher rpms. The manual even lists 67mph as the "cruising speed."
I didn't say you did. I said you were insinuating that ascribing some blame to Trump somehow takes blame from Iran.
Field hockey.
She's better on my ears than the vast majority of teen-pop artists, from all recent generations. Am also 30-something man. I wouldn't go out and buy it, but I don't mind it and kinda get it. Most fairly talented musicians that find sudden popularity are "overrated" in some way or another, especially in their moment. They are the "next so-and-so." But really, they are just people and artists and imperfect as anyone.
I used to get bums on Haight St to buy me those in exchange for the change when I was 16. That was the shit before glass became the thing. One of those in the pocket and a blacklight reactive [Graffix bong](https://cdn.shopify.com/s/files/1/1971/3159/products/graffix-acrylic-21-inch-bubble-bottom-bong-group_16fe99dc-60db-4604-8e63-94d16633c788_2000x.jpg?v=1571091287) at home.
You had very different parents than mine, lol.
Several in my own life, plus research on the subject due to vested interest, plus observation of those in society at large. They sure as hell would write you off if you tried to challenge them in any way. I empathize with them. I do. Unfortunately, they don't empathize back. The best thing you can do to help them is to not enable them.
Just did. As fate dictated. Sup Fate.
I could have, had fate not made me choose to.
God fucking damn it this country is doomed.
I was riding a [Salomon Taka 155](https://www.backcountry.com/salomon-hps-taka-x-wolle-snowboard-mens?CMP_SKU=SALZ982&amp;MER=0406&amp;skid=SALZ982-ONECOL-S158&amp;mr:trackingCode=8D935BB6-96C9-E911-8110-005056944E17&amp;mr:referralID=NA&amp;mr:device=m&amp;mr:adType=plaonline&amp;iv_=__iv_p_1_g_20750482357_c_92885923237_w_pla-827192401344_n_g_d_m_v__l__t__r_1o1_x_pla_y_7811_f_online_o_SALZ982-ONECOL-S158_z_US_i_en_j_827192401344_s__e__h_9033027_ii__vi__&amp;CMP_ID=PLA_GMm001&amp;utm_source=Google&amp;utm_medium=PLA&amp;k_clickid=_k_EAIaIQobChMIgJ_048iC5wIVUxitBh37zghuEAQYASABEgJMBPD_BwE_k_&amp;gclid=EAIaIQobChMIgJ_048iC5wIVUxitBh37zghuEAQYASABEgJMBPD_BwE) in the dump in OR this weekend. That board is fun, and gorgeous. Even chewed through the thicker goop at the base of Hoodoo without complaining.
Kinda messed me up pretty good. Haven't had another LTR since. I have a tendency to jump ship at the tiniest red flag.
Um.... you're the one who started a thread asking about medications to help you quit. Face, meet palm.
It's a magnetic tape, just like an audio cassette tape, or a data tape, or as explained elsewhere a hard drive. But it is not digital. It's not storing 1s and 0s. It's storing analog information. In a way, it is like film in that there is a direct representation of the images on it, not just data that needs to be processed and decoded and turned into an image. It's almost like each "pixel" of the video is a single frame in the film analogy. This makes the required length absurd, so the made it record in diagonal stripes on a fat tape. That way, an inch of tape may hold a foot of information, if that makes any sense. The reader head spins at an angle to the passing tape to read it.
Damn, I was craving Korean BBQ for lunch, but the best place in town closed down, and was a private cafeteria in the semiconductor Fab anyway.
If she's anything like my sister's huskies, her next move will be to run into traffic. I swear, do they think it's a sled race or something?
I liked number 2 at least as much as the first. Third was forgettable.
I would happily get my pass clipped for one good run through there, lol.
My pops just sold the cabin he built there in the early 80s. Being a board bum there was my retirement plan, dangit! Gonna miss Truckee. Cool old town.
Best couch in the state.
What does it mean?!!? 😭😭🤯😭😭
Reminds me of when I pulled up to my gate, yanked the parking brake as I was rolling up, jumped out before I even came to a complete stop, and when I opened the gate, it swung literally millimeters away from my bumper, just like this. Gotta appreciate the little victories in life.
Fuck tur_ducken. Buncha God damned morons, trolls, and snowflakes. Nobody owes you shit. But you are right, it is one of the most censored places on the internet, by it's own mods and users. No dissent is allowed.
[ಠ_ಠ](https://youtu.be/tFWGzpRJWvo)
Yes. It's called marketing. You could market your own sandwich based on whiny snowflakes who are afraid they might catch the gay. Just call it a "Bologna Sandwich." Because that's a bunch of fuckin bologna.
I can't help you if you don't want to be helped.
&gt;I understand what was behind this post. I just don’t believe that it is actually why the decision was made. No shit the decision wasn't made because the woman was embarrassing the men or whatever, they weren't asking why they weren't allowed to catch up with the men, they were asking why they weren't just racing alongside them from the start. Again, I'm not giving my opinion either way on the complex issues regarding gender in sport, just saying you are answering a question they didn't ask.
I think it maaaay just be sarcasm.
Every boot style is different, you just gotta try em on. And remember, new boots almost always hurt a bit until broken in, but shouldn't be unbearable, or feel crushing. I have a pair of older K2s, and they are super comfortable, ride great, and the same size as any shoe I wear, 11. But they are like 10 years (but only 2 seasons old). Dunno how the newer ones fit. Seems most boots have gotten externally smaller in recent years. My feet are kind of wide, I just picked up some ThirtyTwo TM2s, and they are much tighter width-wise.
This is the funniest shit I've seen this week. Thank you for making me feel a lot better about myself.
The "girl next door" effect is real. Sometimes "cute" is more attractive than "smokin'."
Angelina is kind of weird looking herself. Again, super attractive, but in a "different" kind of way. Another example is Jenna Fischer. She's not smoking hot, but she's cute as hell and just kinda does it for me. Likewise Aubrey Plaza. I'd say my examples of "smokin hot" are Jaime Pressly circa Joe Dirt and her twin Margot now. Both just seem like less "my type" though, which even in celeb daydreams matters a bit.
Excellent way to quickly learn that you can't judge anyone in a sex shop... because you are also in a sex shop.
Lol. *"Learned noselides."* ::Posts sweet round-the-bend slidey.::
That's a tragedy, but not really news. It's horrible and sad for everyone involved, but none of our business. Let those affected grieve in peace.
Looking good either way 👍
Fuck these headlines. I keep seeing them written like this. "Senators" vs "Democrats." Of course it doesn't say "Republicans kill efforts." It makes it sound less like a complete partisan cover up.
Must be a dive park. There is a lake near me that has a bunch of stuff like that. It's a fairly cloudy lake, so weird stuff comes out of the haze at you like this. There is even a little stage with KISS figures playing a show. I do like the creep factor of this particular one.
Especially lunch. Midday, been running around working, hectic, just nice to have a moment to read, or surf Reddit or browse Craigslist, whatever.
Definitely do this on lots of lsd.
Yeah, it's just a little grease from the pump lever dribbling out the little pivot shaft. It's nothing to worry about. Just wipe it up and drive the thing.
2cb
Likely fairly experienced snowmobilers. So while yes, you are correct that it is dangerous and not something the vast, vast majority of people should duplicate, I'm sure they know the risk, are familiar with the conditions and are well prepared for the dig out.
It ain't for everyone. Again, not recommending, but not judging it. All I did when things got too intense was leave. But hey, if you can't handle it, don't.
Just friendly FYI, all buses are "type 2" and bugs "type 1". Bus body styles are T1, T2, T2.5, T3, and so on, the T being for "Transporter". Though in America they were most commonly referred to by names, like splitwindow, baywindow, Vanagon.
&gt;People like you should drop out of the electorate. You are the reason democracy fails. The irony... Unless you mean "democracy fails" as in "I believe it should fail."
Unfortunately, these pics were taken on the two days of sun allotted to Scotland this century.
Spread and incubate the disease quite well, if she has it....
It's not that simple. It's not a "negative" view, it's just different than yours.
Oh. I think we've arrived.
I'm just sitting here wondering how all that other stuff is totally untracked.
You have waaay more faith in the government than I do.
Always. And the worst part is, they aren't always entirely wrong, it's just that doing what you needed to do to fix one thing put stress on another about-to-fail part, and because they couldn't afford to even do the first thing....but you can't let it leave like that.... Arggggh I'm getting stressed just thinking about it.
Adding in, you see both reflections all the time. The dimmer reflection is just washed out by the brighter one. So during the day, you see the bright reflection, and the dim one is just a washed out reflection of the ceiling of the car. At night, you flip the mirror down, and the "bright" reflection is now of your dark interior, while the "dim" one is of headlights, so it overpowers the reflection of the dark interior.
The best is when they take it to another shop and tell everyone there and elsewhere that they just had it at your shop and you obviously suck because it broke exactly like you said it would after leaving your shop.
What makes you think it doesn't?
Ouch. Seeing who the people "in charge" are, that's about as insulting as it gets.
It depends on the car and how the mirror it positioned. I think most work/work best like you said actually, down for day, up for night.
My buddy made me fave in the lot at Bachelor. Duff sandwich on sourdough.
That's the only flip I can do.
Lol. Too funny coming from a psy head. Psytrance is usually terrible, we are the ones with "bad taste" for liking it. Everyone is different, and I always find it funny that "conscious expanded" psy heads are often the most closed minded narcissists when it comes to music. And yes, most mainstream remixes are pretty bad, but who cares, someone likes them and some are fun. I hate when psy (or any music) takes itself too seriously.
You do you, fuck the whiny gatekeepers. There's a reason the "shitty" pop-psy-bigroom DJs fill floors while the "real" psy DJs play for three convulsing hippies. You don't have to sandblast third eyes all the time. You can have fun with psy too. And reading a floor and blending genres makes you a good DJ, not a shitty one. Shitty DJs play their pre planned "mind expanding" set no matter what the crowd feels.
Probably dyed red and spiked first, then sprayed with a green paint of some sort just from the front.
The 80s were a very strange time for women's styles. Think this is bad, you should see shoulder pads and that weird cheek shadow makeup.
This thread isn't going like you planned, is it...
Thank you for figuring out why it seemed so familiar.
It's the Tool Tool Tool! Cool! That takes me back.
Buddy of mine had an aftermarket warranty on a used van. Piston ring broke. They sent a check for $15 for "one piston ring."
Dude's a legend, and I don't give a shit what the "general public" thinks. Pandoras box ain't closing, legalization is coming regardless of this dude's antics, it's already here in a large part of the country. There are countless "bad looks" for alcohol every day, it's still widely accepted by the "general public." Blaze up, court joint dude! Damn the man, save the Empire!
It was profoundly wrong though.
Again, I don't care about the opinion of those who would change the mind about weed over one idiot being hilarious in court. They are the ones who are "wrong." It's not my job to change for them and not laugh at funny shit.
Sk-E
https://abcnews.go.com/US/michigan-inmate-serving-60-year-sentence-selling-weed/story?id=68611058 Anyone who would worry more about a kid lighting up in court as a stunt than countless injustices like the one described in the link above does not deserve my capitulation.
So far the only people I've heard complain about this guy are a few smokers here. Everyone else seems to think it's funny.
&gt;It's not particularly relevant to buoyancy, It's literally the most relevant part!
Any roads to it? Or just kinda back in the woods somewhere?
Am car guy. Am "high" all day. Not like Snoop blaze a huge blunt high, but a little puff off the vape here or there.
This is exactly my take on him. It's a not-unpopular sentiment.
This is too perfect, and fits the situation to a T.
Especially considering that you haven't had your coffee yet.
&gt;because Obama left our economy so poor he backed people into a corner Ummmm....
Good for you. I don't shoot cops, did I just save a cops life? Are we healed as a nation now? Wow! It was so easy the whole time!
I know, I'm just tired of it all.
All good. Been an interesting few days.
&gt;career criminal...police officers Not much difference there, do we'll have to look at individual actions. The cop that killed him is a far greater criminal than he was.
That was the one that stuck out to me. Besides the whole dog attack in general, the fact that the dog was obviously not trained well enough to be on duty, and obeyed no commands, and the cops seemed to have no idea how to work with a dog. Also the whole flashback to Montgomery in the 60s...
I'll type slowly and clearly.... You. Called. Me. A. Looter. And. A. Thug. That. Is. A. Wrong. Assumption.
I've been off for 8 years. It's better this way.
We're gonna get downvoted to hell, but damn fuckin right.
Yeah, it's some awkward foot position. Back foot back on the tail, straight across, almost centered. Front foot somewhat back, and pointed fairly forward.
Humor is one of our only refuges from this shit. Elect a joke, get jokes.
So you support the concept of citizens using violence. Weird. I see downvotes but no rebuttal. This is what it looks like. This is what you wanted. You called for violence repeatedly. You glorified it. Now it's here and look, it's not as fun as you thought it would be, is it? You complain about property crime and businesses and lives destroyed. You are right to. It sucks. Do you think in your own personal idea of "justified insurrection," that businesses would not be destroyed? That whole cities would become war zones? It's not pretty. It's not something to glorify.
You are choosing to be on the wrong side of history.
How can someone be this willfully ignorant? Is it simply the ego desperately trying to prevent an admission of error?
Which is sad because, as an American, I thought our society was built on being able to criticize it and better it as needed.
&gt;mostly I have fond memories of it, even though I was kind of a wierd depressed kid. You just described everyone that grew up in the 90s rock scene.
Looting and arson are already illegal. You don't need a curfew for that.
Damn son.
Not a single diesel in this pic though...
&gt;Like so many things, it wouldn’t be that bad if an idea, so long as you could guarantee it didn’t get abused. Given the climate right now, you can’t guarantee that though. Oh, we *can* guarantee it *would* be abused.
News Corp and Sinclair ring any bells?
No, I'm not saying that. I'm saying that the number one cable news network in the country and the largest owner of "local" channels is.
When you are beating reporters on live TV, you are well on your way.
Waves are shark farts.
Has any church?
They always leave the 710 ON.
Just finding a penis on your face?
Why do people need to suck? I mean, I get that most people are generally good, but c'mon...
You scammed me!?
Welcome to the world. It's been like that forever.
Fuck the green party. And I say that as someone who really likes the idea of the green party. Jill Stein killed that for good.
We've been on shaky ground since the Cold War, but we lost any claim to any moral high ground after the "war on terror." You are right to distain our "leadership."
I mean the end of non-fascist America. This shit doesn't just magically solve itself.
But it's not. It's exactly what the letter is saying in so many words. You are being willfully ignorant because the truth frightens you.
&gt;OK, good. I think that's a good idea. I must tell you it got so bad a few nights ago that the people wouldn't have minded an occupying force. I wish they had an occupying force in there. But for some reason, I don't know what it is governors don't like calling up a lot of...the guard. I don't know what you are even trying to say with that excerpt, but this part supports the title. He wants an "occupying force" the military is saying "we don't do that here, and our highest orders come from the Constitution, not from you."
Literally all of them. Holy shit. Powerful nationalism? No question. Distain for human rights? That's a bingo. Merging gov and religion? See also: gassing protesters for a Bible photo op. Distain for arts and intellectuals? No admin has been more anti science, anti intellectual, and anti arts. Enemies as a unifying cause? Everyone who disagrees with him is a "deep state Dem" who hates America. Rampant cronyism and corruption? His entire cabinet and circle of close advisors is made of family and people who have sworn loyalty or paid bribes. Obsession with crime and punishment? "Hit their heads, rough them up" "Law and Order president" "you have to dominate them, lock them up for ten years!" ...I could keep going. These are just the first examples to pop in my head. You are supporting a fascist. You are on the wrong side of history. Hell, you can debate that second statement, but the first is a fact.
It's expounding on what they said.
Sounds like a terrible design.
Ummm. I've shot plenty of guns in my life. A "slow" bullet is exponentially more accurately than a ricochet. This is that "absurdity" I was talking about. Also, everyone else defending this tactic says the opposite, that accuracy doesn't matter, since it's meant to be indiscriminate crowd control.
Holy projection Batman. And holy buzzwords, lol. Talk about "groupthink".
Name one he doesn't.
Is it really that hard to just name one? Pick one. There are multiple you have claimed. You are right, the burden is on me. That's why I want you to pick one, so it becomes up to me to prove my point on that one. It's should be easy as pie for you to pick one and rebut my response, since you are talking to a toddler.
The people who organized the festival were literally trying to get people to join their cult.
It's the KKK and a cult. I'd be worried if it did make sense to you. But yeah, I assume it's the combination of drugs and the repetative beat and "good Christian kids" listening to some sort of "devil music." And I assume, to some local low-education kids, the lure of the music and scene pulling them away from their churches or whatever looks enough like brainwashing, and does leave them vulnerable to suggestion after learning that there is, in fact, more to life than "Guns, God, and Country."
https://www.washingtonpost.com/context/former-defense-secretary-jim-mattis-s-full-criticism-of-trump/c7050442-0c6c-417f-98e8-406b1b583def/
Fascism will lose.
No bullet should be "designed" to be shot indiscriminately at the ground in front of crowds. I keep seeing that, and I keep getting downvoted for saying it's fucking idiotic. You aquire a target you intend to possibly kill, or you don't pull the fucking trigger. I don't care how the bullets were "designed." This concept is fucking absurd.
I'm not disagreeing with you either, just explaining my point better. It's disgusting to use these devices, "properly" or not, and the "proper" use of them is an absurd concept. You don't shoot projectile weapons indiscriminately at crowds. I've had people say that they can't just make the charge in the cartridge weaker because then they wouldn't be "accurate" while also saying that the proper use is to shoot at the ground and ricochet, completely destroying any hope of "accuracy", since the point isn't to hit a particular target but to disperse a crowd, making basically the entire crowd the target. It is absurdity. Again, not disagreeing, just ranting because...again....the whole thing is just absurd.
Yeah! Stomp out that tyranny with tanks and teargas! We'll finally be free to obey and serve!
I can tell by this comment that you have no idea what anxiety and depression are. It's not "being scared all the time unless I'm high." It's not about just "sucking it up." It's an actual condition and can be debilitating, or at least put a big damper on life. Hell, I'm not really scared of shit. I jump off mountains and through myself at concrete for fun. That's like saying diabetics just like insulin. Sure, I won't die without cannabis like a diabetic without insulin, but it is a medicine that drastically improves quality of life. I'm too old to give a shit about smoking or whatever. If I didn't "need" it, I'd rather not have to worry about if I have my medicine or not. I don't even like getting "high" much anymore. It just makes me more anxious. But a little puff on the 1:1 and I can think and act and enjoy life more than I have in decades. Just because you just like to get high, doesn't mean everyone does.
Glad this still exists. This is some classic internet. Wish it had links to previous versions though.
They are. It's terrible timing. But the cat is out of the proverbial bag now. If we didn't want this during a pandemic, we should have dealt with it before it. The world is going through some painful change right now, because it refused the easier ways.
And now we are in the middle of mass protest and race riots in the middle of a pandemic because we were too stupid to face our deep seated issues and natural inevitabilities before they reached a head because MAGA and shit. (Yes I know these issues were around long before Trump, he, and what he represents, is just the culmination of what we became by ignoring them.)
Probably. Wanna talk about it?
We were just "paranoid" or "overreacting" or "hyperbolic" or simply "Trump haters." It reminds me of the Iraq war. Those of us who opposed it from before it started were "unpatriotic," and "weak," and "just hate GWB." After it was "NO ONE COULD HAVE SEEN THIS COMING! WE WERE DUPED! YOU STILL WEREN'T RIGHT THOUGH!"
They are protesting that their fellow officers did not get away with it and that their union/insurance will not back them up and pay if they do equally bad shit. It's not a "narrative."
So yeah, that's even worse.
Bono has left the chat.
What are you suggesting?
That's basically what we have here. Brinkmanship. It's people showing that there is power in numbers. Power in the very act of disruption. Never point a gun at something you don't intend to shoot. I own guns, but I find the "gun culture" in this country abhorrent for multiple reasons like the one I'm detailing now. People who use the 2nd to justify their own agendas, but don't actually give two shits about the rights of others.
&gt;If I was told I'll now be held legally responsible for any mistakes at work and have to provide my own defence if accused of anything by a client (which will not be reimbursed) I'd have a problem too, despite not questioning my own competence. That's how it works for most of us.
Except they aren't doctors, and doctors pay their own insurance.
Yeah, that's what I was saying. Basically the union took it's proverbial ball and went home because it's members were facing accountability.
Well what are your thoughts on that concept?
That's not how any of this works!
No imagine if he was black (or even if he wasn't" and had charged his car at some cops, even only "jokingly." Damn straight he'd have been ripped out of the car and roughed up. And had he shot one, he'd be fucking dead. Fuck anyone who makes excuses for that shitbag. That was no fucking accident.
You are advocating starting a civil war.
I wouldn't be speeding into a protest with a pistol with an extended mag with either a taser or a another extension taped to it. Dude seems like he got cold feet at the last second is all. Fuck anyone defending him. That means you.
Because he got cold feet at the last second. This isn't a video game.
And Wellingtons, and the occasional manass.
That's insanity. Do you really think hundreds, possibly thousands of armed, righteously angry protester and hundred, possibly thousands of angry, out-for-blood, or simply scared and jumpy cops would keep their cool?
Do support the violent protesters? Edit: downvotes, but no responses. If you fully support the 2A, then you can not decry violent protest in any form. You can disagree with the subject of the protest, but if you disagree with the violence in and of itself, then you are just a hypocrite.
What else do you call shooting skirmishes between fellow countrymen?
It's false security and a mental crutch.
That's called luck.
&gt;There's a whole slew of things that will help: End the drug war, rein in police force &amp; tactics, end civil forfeiture, reform pre-trial "process as punishment", vote out "hard on crime" dill weeds, etc. And all of that can start at the most local of levels. Vote for your councilors, mayors, judges, and all that stuff. Don't duck out of jury duty. Our voices count far more at that level. And maybe, just in case: Learn to use a firearm if you're so inclined. No judgement if you aren't. And then hope we'll never have to use them for anything except having a reason to go shit-talk our friends at local matches. We are in total agreement here. I own guns. I know how to use them. I will never use them on another human unless I am literally being attacked with unquestionably lethal force first. And I will never glorify that act. It would be the worst day of my life.
Do you? Do you believe there should be no restrictions on the ownership and use of any weapons? That no one can be prevented from owning and using any form of armaments? Are you fully in support of drug dealers shooting police for trying to take their freedom for the act of engaging in commerce? Anyone?
Then you are just a coward.
So you support drug dealers shooting police? What do you think guns are for? To tickle people? You think felons and, well, anyone, should be able to own any gun, and carry them in public and use as they are fit when feeling oppressed? Stinger missiles? Tactical nukes? Land mines?
So you do not support the 2A. To support the 2A is to support people's "right" to violent protest. They have as much right to violence as you do. You do not support their right to "bear arms", only your "right" to violently enforce your own views. What is an "FFL"? I see nothing in the second amendment about them. Are you saying there should be some sort of restrictions on who can buy and sell guns? Are you gonna turn in your car because there are rules and regulations regarding owning and driving cars? Are you going to stop drinking alcohol because there is an amendment against it? Point being, this is a complex subject, and simplistic shit like this isn't helpful. Besides, you can pry my gun out of my cold dead hands, right? Because, funnily enough, the right to self defense is the only actual right we have. The rest is all a social contract. The 2nd is both the most important and the least needed amendment, because we don't need an amendment to tell us we can or can't fight for survival.
Nothing in life is certain. There are countless other ways to "provide security" that are more effective and less pathetic.
&gt;A threat? No, he's too incompetent to be a threat to anything. People have been saying this for years, and he continues to damage things. He doesn't need to be "competent" to be dangerous. There is plenty of danger in incompetence. And plenty of competent fascists behind the scenes.
Do. Not. Climb. Them.
I would suggest a pygmy goat. Or a full grown green iguana. Something that will really mess with your parents. You're only young once.
Oh, I haven't been to a darkpsy party in a few years.
Just get 7" H4 lenses and some H4 LED bulbs. I have some on my bus, they are amazing. Just make sure you adjust them right and are religious about turning off the brights around other cars so you aren't totally blinding people.
Por que no los dos?
&gt; Protesting is one thing, and is not bad, but this has all turned to rioting and there is no good to come of it. Except that is patently untrue. The protests have overwhelmingly been peaceful, and getting even more so, with the police being the aggressors in many cases. And a lot of good has *already* come of it. You are either being disingenuous, or you have been lied to. Hopefully just the latter.
News networks shouldn't have a "guy."
I'm just here to say it would be awesome if DnB gained some traction in the US again. I've been a fan for decades but it has only really had small following here for the most part. I'd totally be down to spin DnB if there was demand for it. Reaper! Send help! We need DnB!
Police to be held to the same standard you are applying to the protesters. Especially when it comes to their interactions with people of color. No tolerance for "bad apples". Community policing.
The problem is, it's been "known" for decades. The only reason these guys in particular faced consequences is because of the cameras and the protests. Floyd was a catalyst, but the protests are about far more than just Floyd. And contrary to what you believe, the overwhelming majority has been peaceful, though rightfully angry. That's the point of these protests. You seem to think this was some isolated incident. This was just one of the latest in generations of abuses. The looting and rioting can be seen as both a bad, regrettable, counterproductive thing and an inevitable, understandable thing at the same time (disregarding the people who are just opportunistic assholes, and focusing on those who actually are inherently tied to the movement that have partaken in such). It's not something to condone, but it's also not something that is inexcusable. It's a symptom of the greater problem at the heart of the issue. Step out of your shoes and into theirs for a minute. You can't ever fully understand, but you can begin to. https://youtu.be/3tR6mKcBbT4 https://youtu.be/sb9_qGOa9Go
Thanks!
When it's legal and plentiful, the tweezers aren't needed. Just smoke another joint.
There are no W's here.
At least you're self aware.
But the protesters do try to regulate themselves, and often rein in or eject bad actors. You choose not to see it and attempt to discredit all of them by proxy, completely in opposition to your stated reasoning.
Just quit while you are ahead. Or, well, not completely crashed in a ditch.
https://www.wsj.com/articles/at-george-floyd-protests-police-and-protesters-try-to-stop-looting-11591377543 And just a bonus: https://i.redd.it/d0offpxjoq451.jpg
The picture is a BLM protester carrying an injured counterprotester to medical aid, in a sign of mutual humanity. The article has multiple examples of protesters stepping up to stop looting. I can find more.
How do I deal with this level of oblivity? I don't think that's a word, but it is now. Obliviousness just doesn't seem to fit.
https://www.wfmz.com/news/cnn/us-national/dc-protesters-hand-over-agitator-to-police/video_fa928325-2eaf-5f07-a34e-f820f2ce3a57.html
Not "breaking in," but "inspecting." *Because the fucking creep runs international teenage "model" agencies and beauty pageants!*
Many, if not most, vanagon parts you find at the local parts house are garbage out of the box, sadly. Lmk if you need anything that isn't. Edit: lol, who downvotes good advice combined with an offer of good parts?
I love how this weed is better than most weed anyone has ever smoked ever, but someone still takes the time to fret over if it's *too* fresh. (Disclaimer: the lack of a good cure on a lot of weed in my area has been a pet peeve of mine, long before legalization. So I do feel ya.)
Yeah, looks like a blue/tortie. My two favorite cats, so you got a good one!
Yeah it's generally between one and two minutes of free fall. This looked like a decently high jump, and he was at about 40 seconds by the time he pulled his own chute. Still probably would have had another 30 or more seconds of free fall left. Again, not detracting from the feat.
I like how you seem to consider the use of "explosives and chemical agents" in a headline more inflammatory than the use of explosives and chemical agents on citizens.
Succinct rebuttal. My mind has been changed.
&gt;"Protesters doused in hydric acid during peaceful protest" would sound utterly terrifying to most readers. "Protesters doused in water during peaceful protest" Also, this is actually another great example. "Protesters doused with water" is a lot less awful sounding that "dozens injured and blinded by high pressure water cannons used to disperse mostly peaceful crowd." Which also has a very relevant history given the context of the recent protests.
The officers have been the source of the vast majority of violence in the streets at these protests. That's kind of the entire reason behind these protests. Decades, generations of being on the receiving end of police violence. You are the one who has fallen for the propaganda. The protests have been mostly peaceful, if a bit vocal and angry. And the small minority that hasn't been is made up of people either not in it for the cause, but just to stir shit, or people who are desperate and have lost all hope of a peaceful resolution to their situation. Or people who are just rightfully pissed at those generations of people who have held the proverbial knee to their neck. To paraphrase a certain viral video speech: "We are lucky that what black people want is equality, and not revenge." America was built on violence. This is not violence. You really don't want to push these "mobs" into actual violence. A few rocks or bottles in a moment of passion is better than a bloodbath. But I don't actually expect you to absorb and process any of that.
It worked for George Zimmerman.
Where is this? I must ride it!
Have you seen the hysteria over "armed militants" at protests? A white larper with an AR in a statehouse is a patriot, a rightfully, righteously angry brown man with one is a militant.
Sure looks like clover. Probably red clover.
It sure looks like clover. The cliche "shamrock" shape is actually a wood sorrel.
Yup. There are a bunch of different kinds of clover, and several other species, like wood sorrel, that are commonly called clovers or shamrock. This looks like it's red clover.
Sigh....
You just compared killing a man to stealing candy. You are exactly what we are protesting against.
Also, side note regarding the name: Hoodoo is a name for rock spires with steep, sheer sides. A Hayrick is another name for a hay stack. Look at Hoodoo and look at Hayrick, the big rock right next to Hoodoo. At some point in the past there was a mix up (I've heard both that it was an accident and that it was on purpose) and the two buttes got their names swapped.
Every time someone brings up Idiocracy in the context of today's world, someone points this out. And every time, I feel obliged to point out that there is a reason President Dew is seen as a hero. Because his predecessors are what got him to that point. The society got itself to that point. We are that society in it's early stages. The hope is to change course before we need a Not Sure to save us.
Not in these parts. Loud n proud.
Sure, why not
Yeah. Downvoted not because wrong but because not oniony.
I have that board. It can be a bitch to get hardware for those old channels, but it's an amazing board. Super snappy and thin/sharp feeling. It's my go-to for fast, firm days and icy nights. Super fun to push the limits of your speed on that pony!
Is the ocean a sentient being that consciously chooses to drag people into its depths?
Ok. If you put X amount of people in the road, and 0 people consciously decided to ram them with cars, you have 0 people rammed with cars. 0(x)=0, no matter what "x" is. Math is fun!
Regulation of anything is a "moot point" in the moment to those that choose to ignore it. The point is not to eliminate entirely, but to minimize the number. Why make speeding illegal if people are just going to speed? Why make unlicensed medical practice illegal if quacks still operate? Why do anything as a society, when we can just wild west this shit and live short, brutal, violent, every man for himself lives?
I mean, we kind of do. You can't invite riots or shout fire or openly threaten to kill.
Upvoted for visibility just because it's a terrible idea that seems logical at first.
Saw a somewhat locally known mentally ill black man suckerpunch a 20yo white kid out of nowhere at the Wandering Goat and instead of being shot, cahoots showed up and talked to him. The kid was fine, and was happy with the outcome. Nobody was tased or choked or shot, no further violence ensued. I guarantee if police came at the man violently, he would have reacted in kind. Instead his episode ended and nobody else was hurt. (If you're a local, you'll probably know who I am talking about based on the location)
Slaps roof of PS5.
Not really though.
Oh come on, this is too much 😂
Will changing the shwaks change the ride highth? Also, the breaks are rusted stuck. Bust out the settling tank.
You aren't entirely wrong, just an asshole.
Check out psysiq jicuri.
Look at the user name and their profile for all you need to know about their intentions.
Beat me to it. If you don't want them to leak oil, don't put oil in them.
I whupped Batman's ass.
Looks like a DARE poster. Suspicious dude I'm all black offering marijuana to some upstanding young men in a way nobody offers people weed.
The battery is simply a capacitor and storage device. A car alternator generates AC which is then internally rectified and regulated into 12-14v DC.
See u/gabrielane's comment.
Teaching kids about life early on is not "sexualizing" kids. Buncha weird Puritans in this thread.
