not true, he had Lukaku and more in his pocket
yes. red link is -1 and green link is +1. If the player is from the same club and country it's connected with, then the green link counts as +2. Orange links count as 0 but if a player only has orange link, he will still get full chemistry.
Why would he go to Wano if his army is at the Reverie?
Whut? You think Wales will have an easy time against Croatia and Slovakia?
Nepenthez is a tool. I dont know why kids like him so much. Almost all FIFA youtubers are EA shills. If he doesnt play FIFA, he'll just tries to extort money from kids.
there are many of his fans here (just typing it is so sad lol). Doesn't change the fact that you are correct.
Well he doesnt retire so its wait and see. But he does deserve one for sure. 98 pace 98 shooting and 98 dribbling please
Yeah timed tackling would be great.
lol why are you so angry? jesus. EA made a game with shit gameplay so its only natural you will have players using every shitting thing possible to win. Nothing wrong with that.
still that shit shouldnt have happened and this happens a lot, also if your players are in the right position. The opponent shouldnt get the ball back so many times after succesful tackles.
Maybe Chielini
Yeah he's great. I do think he's a bit on the slow side, I might going to put a shadow chem on him.
Jaap Stam, Romario, Michael Reiziger, Van Bronckhorst, Philip Cocu
extra chance to qualify for the euro 2020. so you get a place in theplay offs
Blind + Smalling was pretty solid for 1 season
yeah only the clubs that can afford them
lol no way you could get them, they would never want to go to UTD in that state
I didnt disagree with you, just posting additional information.
\+1 only
He will be a cheap Kante. His TOTS last year was simply absurd lol. Looking forward to his TIF but Im afraid that wont happen.
Ronaldo's bicycle kick was much better than Bale's though
Hahahaha and of course its not his fault whatsoever. What a clown.
moving to another country
I could see it happen (Bayern doign that offer). They need to get some quality younger players fast.
well you are the bayern fan so you probably know better, but seeing bayerns results this season and the age of the players, its an easy conclusion to make. Also De Jong is welcome in every team, also Bayern
what does he mean by that? I'm not a smart person :(
I actually love the 3 variations. It's just the SBC Icon system needs a rework.
Oh sure I agree with everything what you said. However de Jong isn't comparable to the playstyle to those players you've mentioned though. He carries the ball forward from the backline, so he will be more of a Javi Martinez replacement I guess. He's the type of player that lets Goretzka and Thiago play even better. He enhances the play of other players.
I wonder what she will do after Izone. I hope she will join a group or go solo with lots of sexy concepts.
How is this portugese clown still the trainer of the biggest club in the world?
TOTGS Frenkie de Jong would be insane. A man can dream...
You or EA made a mistake with Division 3 rewards.
You pronounce "Bas" as the word "pass" but with a 'B'. (Pronounce it the english way not the american). Dost is like dust but with an 'o' obviously. It's a short 'o'. Bass Dosst I guess.
Well the Netherlands had a bad streak and they should've adjusted the playstyle and build the team around Bas Dost. The then current way wasn't working either so might as well try it that way instead of putting him in there with cutting inside wingers.
Well depends on which hype you're talking about. He pretty much transformed the dutch midfield by himself, causing the Netherlands to be the group winner in the nations league. That's hype worthy.
Yeah he's different from Busquets. People keep comparing De Jong with him but they aren't alike in playstyle to be honest. He's more similar to Modric imo.
Im implying he is responsible for transforming the midfield which made us win the group. I didnt say he solo'd it.
Promes had plenty of assists so he could play. Robben on the other wing. He played there before.
doesnt matter because it has been proven that it didnt work the old way.
LOL
probably drowning in boiling water without being able to die
I think many would to be honest. 1 dutch icon can do a lot (especiall Van der Sar). Also link to UCL Tagliafico. Link to Van Dijk. IF Wijnaldum.
its such a shite song though
No worries, Ajax always gets the worst opponents when things are looking just a tiny bit bright.
hahahahaha those were 2 great goals
you should watch more videos of him on youtube, he's really good at it! nice flair btw.
Hopefully Torreira
because you have mental issues, everyone should adjust to you. Makes sense!
TOTGS Lewandowski! Finally something good.
Ajax too
Why L2?
People here dont know about momentum? It's not like Van Dijk can suddenly stop after he got the ball like that. Or do you expect him to teleport away?
Because Ajax players are too expensive now?
I know you guys like Chucky but more credits should go to Bergwijn
EU supports the Spanish regime because the EU doesnt want countries to split up. It's not only Spain's fault here. EU decides what they should do.
Cillessen is sooooo good. His recent matches in the national team were amazing as well. Made 0 mistakes. And these saves against Tottenham....just wow.
yeah I'm not even Spanish and it's so clear how things are going. There's no doubt the EU supports beating down the Catelonians. But if you say that in /r/worldnews you get banned lol.
THAT BALL CONTROL FROM WIJNALDUM
Come on guys give some more love to Gini for staying calm at the last minute and holding the ball!
he was even doing a skill! how composed do you have to be in order to pullthat off?
of course Allisson's save decided the game but Gini sealed it. Because if you look at the amount of chances Napoli had at the end, they might have had another one if it wasnt for Gini.
Van Dijk and Wijnaldum are soooooo gooooooood
Cillessen was soooooooooooooooooooooooo goood
they wont get an upgrade but if they progress further in the europa lesgue they will get an upgrade again
LOL HOW NAIVE
yay more money for EA!
its horrible. unelected leaders deciding when your fellow countrymen should go to war.
they dont even have to call it a war, they can just move the troops. Also people dont vote tor their EU leaders.
are you seriously that blind to believe that?
im talking about the conclusion you made. Because they are bad at FIFA? This game has a shitlowd of problems and if you experienced it combined with the shitty service and problem solving EA brings, its more than justified to rate it as low as you want.
even google translate cant save you
well obviously but i was looking at the parts that werent covered by the shadow
please quote me where i used the word undemocratic. I'll wait :)))))))
cringy comic. Its not even funny or witty.
He misses every chance ever
stupid cunt, hope he gets banned for life
rofl are you serious? he and tagliafico were fighting the whole match, this was revenge
I think the bayern player either made a handsball or turned it enough with his body to not make it offside? but i dont mind, deserved goal against those bayern cunts.
yeah hogging the ball so they cant resume the game is fair play right?
they didnt attack him lol
german cunt spotted
Dont know why anyone would want him if you have better players on that position.
Deadeye. Best for finishing and combination play. He has plenty of speed and dribbling already. Also deadeye gives a small boost to curve for finesse shots.
Most people keep it balanced. It's more about having 5\* weakfoot on your attackers for timed finesse shots than tactics.
First time Im jealous of someone else's pack. He's the GOAT.
Wont happen, at least 5 players will leave Ajax next summer. They will need to rebuild again, they wont be on this level for a while.
Boooooooooooooooooooooooooring
EA doesnt care about people who give them hundreds of euros for packs, why would they care about people who dont buy anything from them apart from the game itself?
Youtubers have their packluck boosted.
No one knows yet, EA can change their rules if they want to.
Probably something like: \- Prime Maldini \- Prime Ferdinand \- CL Ramos \- CL Varane \- CB Rijkaard/Hierro/SIF VVD
All FIFA youtubers (except Boras) are pure aids, which fit the EAids theme perfectly.
nah keep SIF VVD on 8 chem. Save that money for an icon.
They show the packs they get from the weekend league as well, and they are almost always good.
obviously because you used 11 MLS players
and this is just the tip of the iceberg. And there are still EA shills here who claim nothing is wrong with this game.
More like the Arjen Robben simulator
Thats what you get for believing in this portugese clown lol
Ajax was playing 1-5-4
Remember when you guys saw him as the Messiah? That was fun. LVG should've given more team even if it would be rough, at least you would have a good foundation with tactics that can be build further upon and youth players. Look at the coaches Manchester United's biggest rivals have, they are doing amazing. And being the glory hunters most of you are by stabbing LVG in the back, you get a portugese clown. Karma.
its their best excuse
mad cause bad
Ajax is doing amazing tbh. But things can change fast with dutch teams.
Depay will be a terror for the Barca defense.
Hoping for some Kluivert goals
Ajax would be easy for Liverpool as well
no one can beat Robben's technique but if its Robertson + Van Dijk im sure he will be stopped.
thanks didnt know that (no sarcasm)
lol im watching every ajax game. Theg will put up a fight but come on....the Ajax attackers vs Van Dijk and Allisson...
if Robben is fit, Robben is much better. But Mane &gt; Gnabry for sure.
No Virgil to neutralize Lewandowski. Dont underestimate them the first game.
it was a tough group, but they made it and are number 1 in the PL atm.
nah, nothing rivals the amount of pure shite the gameplay is
Bayern wouldnt have won against Napoli
I would rate Manchester United higher when it comes to the CL. Players are willing to give that extra, with the players MU has, can make the difference. Especially physically. Pogba has to play.
I respect Young lol but i think Mourinho will put 2 guys on Mbappe and not only Young.
EA shills: "tHiS hApPenS iN ReAl lIfe tOo!!!!"
that will blow your shoulders and elbows out!
ah yes thats what i though too. thanks
dont you have eyes?
if Robben is fit, then yes.
De Ligt has been great for the national team as well, winning against Portugal, France and Germany. You're obviously a fanboy so it's no use trying to make you think differently.
Estimated worth of De Ligt is around the 80 million euro. No way Trent gets close lol.
He wont go to Bayern, pretty sure they wont pay him enough, stories say he and De Jong already rejected barca for the low salary.
looks like he has a lotof pltential. Surely everyone can see the chelsea defense is pure shite but making those runs with those finishes are prove of the talent and class he has. Too bad theres a portugese clown running the first team, these kids wont everplay for the 1st team with that clown on board.
THE TECHNOLOGY JUST ISNT THERE YET. Also, e-sports ready!
haha karma. thats what you get for backstabbing LVG.
stupid argument over having a talented squad compared to the squad of LVG. Got nothing to do with Mourinho.
the portugese clown finally leaves. Manchester United deserves a better coach. I hope the glory hunting fans learned their lesson. So many here saw him as the messuah after backstabbing LVG rofl
Horrible upgrade. SBC is WAY too expensive. Just get his CL card, its only -1 difference on each stat rofl. Unless you are really rich and are a fan of him, dont do it.
get new friends if you think they are fucking pathetic
FUTmas De Vrij would be amazing
For the portugese player. Probably Ricardo Pereira, Guedes or William Carvalho.
yeah even though that stamina rating from de vrij is ridiculous, he is a solid player
He is like the Ronaldo/Messi of defense currently.
EA doesnt care
was missing Van Dijk in this :(
shit cards
the technology just isnt there yet
There are asian adoptees here who take the dutch family name of their dutch parents. Not that uncommon. Also you got plenty of half dutch half asians in the Netherlands. Look at this pro speed ice skater: [https://images4.persgroep.net/rcs/dJTmEurQLdadgRyrRIOj1X4bocQ/diocontent/112606737/\_crop/0/66/1580/893/\_fitwidth/763?appId=93a17a8fd81db0de025c8abd1cca1279&amp;quality=0.8](https://images4.persgroep.net/rcs/dJTmEurQLdadgRyrRIOj1X4bocQ/diocontent/112606737/_crop/0/66/1580/893/_fitwidth/763?appId=93a17a8fd81db0de025c8abd1cca1279&amp;quality=0.8) He's half dutch half japanese but looks way more japanese.
His world cup song sucked
Before salty Man U fans start, LVG had a great season at Barcelona. The Barcelona at that time had some amazing players and LVG debuted a few current legends.
sigh, the whole point of this thread is how Bas Dost finishes his chances. Of course he wont score on his kwn, thats pretty much the definition of Bas Dost, its not even up for debate.
Kind of useless if you're not telling what your level is. What do you get on the weekend league and/or fut rivals? Any player can be OP if you're playing in division 10 (no disrespect just pointing it out).
the amount of years does give an indication but its far from a guarantee. You have people doing martial arts for years but they couldnt win a duel no matter how long they train for.
whats the pace upgrade? it doesnt show it.
is there a link to the upgrades so far and where i can keep checking them?
i dont think you get my point, you could replace it with any sport. Im saying that you have people that train a lot but still cant do anything.
not really it depends on the martial art. anyway i already said you could change it with any sport or activity. Its not about the amount of years you are doing something. its about the results.
no need to get mad
esports ready!
He isnt that great to be honest. But he might become better under Klopp.
wrong post?
funny how VVD loves clean sheets but makes everyone so wet at the same time
he will get a winter upgrade with a good pace boost but even with that its not enough
Maybe bench VVD for the rest of the season? Its totally unfair for the other teams rofl
better than Ramos and Varane. Yes Ive said it and im not even a Liverpool fan.
never happened to me luckily HOWEVER this needs to be fixed asap
HA! I would call for Nigel de Jong.
well Varane won the world cup and the CL. I wouldnt want to trade VVD at the moment either but we cant ignore those trophies.
he wont go to barca
why? it was cheap and costed less than what his IF is going to cost lol
Its part of the system to make players frustated, then they will buy packs out of frustration in hopes they can replace their players.
yep utter BS but ive seen worse than this on this reddit. People are still willing to put tons of money into it trough fifa points for some reason
Willian had the same I believe
thats cool
Yep it fails to register a lot of times.
POTM Hazard, POTM Aubameyang, POTM Lucas/SIF Mahrez
unrelated to the stats of the card in the video
lol obviously fake
How ironic. He loves clean sheets but at the same time, makes them all wet.
Expecting to see many red Sandro's, Pogba's and Son's at the weekend league while I'll receive the shittiest of WL IF's as always.
My CR7 always heads the ball over the goal in corners. Does anyone know what the problem is? I could do L1+R1 but it always gets saved or blocked.
yeah Naingoland AND Promes
Chong really needssome playing time
I lobe Kevin Spacey on house of cards but how can anyone take sides when we havent seen or heard about the evidence? Im not supporting him but I hopehes innocent. If not then fuck him.
The difference between 2nd place and the premier league title.
got nothing again as usual. My highest rated FUT IF is 84. Only had 81-84's. Such fucking bullshit and I constantly encounter people with red mbappe's and kante's in the WL.
TIF
you can play single online matches
why not 90 rated? :( I'd sell some of my expensive cards for a POTM Van Dijk. But then again, he will get a TOTS card as well....
do POTM cards get upgrades? if he gets a 89 card then it wont connect to his IFs anymore
link is down :(
Hopefully Frenkie de Jong yeah, the other one will be most likely a PSV player. Bergwijn would be really cool, but probably Lozano.
Who is 2nd life nikita now exactly?
Exactly, people often dont think about it anymore (because the reality is great) but he could've flopped hard.
Has anyone seen VVD losing a duel in the air? I also watch his national games and I've never seen him lose a heading duel lol.
That pace rofl, its just unfair.
inform card
a player who was selected in the team of the week
Got Ben Yedder as well!
his 3*3* is a major let down for me. I luckily packed 2 kf him and sold them for 95k a piece.
this would be world news if the guy they were mocking was black. Racism against asians isnt interesting enough for most media outlets and organisations.
they dont know the difference and they dont care to learn the difference
well they are definitely not joking about him because they think he is from the superior race
That control by Wijnaldum lol awesome
daaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaamn
lol why? maybe that was the trigger to give everyone a bit more fighting spirit, which resulted in the 3 goals. And you have to admit, it was a good goal.
your wish has been granted
HAHA Sokratis trying to pick a fight with Van Dijk? Does he have a death wish? He was quick to go inside when Van Dijk's face changed from boss to angry boss.
ahhhh I see, well that's a luxury compared to winning the title tbh, but I understand your desire.
Really hope Locadia is allowed to play a lot of games
and let Nigel de Jong flank that guy
Wijnaldum was pure class today!
And at the end, Rijkaard will spit on that person when he's down on the floor.
you have idiots everywhere, there are still people saying Van Dijk is overrated lol, but it doesn't matter, the results speak for itself.
Is this a joke only Liverpool fans know of? Reference to Shaqiri or something?
[https://i.imgur.com/wuZZ6fM.png](https://i.imgur.com/wuZZ6fM.png)
Dont forget the Gini push!
It's mostly the CDM's that can't get selected, as if you're trying to select them in the team management haha. But another huge problem is that the game sometimes deselect your player and selects another one (I have the select help turned off)
Icon Rijkaard is amazing for me. He outperforms my SIF Van Dijk. And with De Gea in goal it's all good. No need for Varane or Ramos.
Make timed finishing a half a second to a second longer to execute and it should be ok.
Would love a tank that leeches off other tanks their tanking powers lol. Like a huge leech, once locked on to another tank gains tons of shields which he can share over a distance with his team. But of course, at risk of getting shot off by the enemy.
all about the money, people rather spend money on acool attacker than a cool CB
link?
nah probably varane and ramos. They both won the CL and Varane won the WC.
Go to Seoul and you will see models who are even prettier than them, it's just that they can't dance or sing or whatever.
Kante will get one for sure
Would be nice if Bomi, Jihyo, Eunbi and 2 other would do a collab.
ehhh best football in the league? lol
You got idiot fans everywhere, this is just sad.
Well he wanted to buy a new striker because Lukaku left and that was a big deal. He couldn't get one so he was pretty screwed. Blame the club for not being able to keep Lukaku, not Koeman.
He probably thought "ah fuck this shit, they don't deserve the best of me"
Happy to see Manchester United back on track. However, they still need to get tested against better teams. It's possible they will gain in on Arsenal now.
I could think of a few that would come out alive, but only a few lol
Clearly a sign of lack of intelligence.
Matic had some bad moments to be honest.
Koulibaly, Varane, Godin, Sule and some more. Sure you could sum up every negative point for these players but you need to start somewhere.
a car is basically a mass murder weapon in the hands of a drunk driver =/
oh those need improvements too and im not saying Bailly Rojo etc are bad, but you need a team to win the champions league with. Thats my point. None of them are qualified for that.
not as much asVan Dijk to be honest. You still got Mane, Salah and Shaqiri up front then. Wijnaldum could play the attacking mid then. Not saying Firmino is replaceable but jeez, missing out Van Dijk would be horrendous.
couldnt you gqther evidence and sue him?
he already had an IF this week
I dont mind timed finesse that much because its predictable and you can move your goalkeeper. But this shit is on another level. This means that when the pass from the midfield has been given, it's an instant goal. I knew about first time finesse of course but it was always on the edge of the box. But wtf is this shit? He kept doing this and well, he timed it well so I can't blame him for using it in the WL.
You can't move the keeper if he's doing it without moving even moving the player. He might as well do a pass then or something else. That means that with EVERY potential touch you have to move the keeper.
lol block the pass, are you serious? You cant block all passes. Also you can't move the keeper if he's doing it without moving even moving the player. He might as well do a pass then or something else. That means that with EVERY potential touch you have to move the keeper. Also, he did it so early on in the game, you cant anticipate that.
they give those players for free I think
kimchi
I would replay the whole freaking game for that
ohhh good one
Most likely a PS4 pro version with some extra's.
That was saturday though
Ligue 1 always had beasts
I received Fernando from Galataseray, its definitely bugged.
Same
This game is pay to win. Certainly you have to know what you are doing, but the amount of EA shills here claiming its not p2w is disgusting.
There are different kinds of level of stupidity though
No one deserves to die like that but he was asking for it by going that fast.
stop thinking EA cares
They already missed out on Frenkie de Jong and mostly likely De Ligt
fanmade
They just released a questionable article on how to pronounce certain names. They got a few right though. I edited some and give an extra explanation. Just to be clear, most "Ah"'s I write here are the same as the "a" in the word "car". This is how it should be: &amp;#x200B; Nathan Aké – Na-tahn Ah-kay Ryan Babel – Ryan (just Ryan) Ba-boll Steven Bergwijn – Stay-ven Berg-wine (The Ber part is similar like the word "there", ber/there) Marco Bizot – Bee-zott Daley Blind – to rhyme with 'binned', not 'bind' Jasper Cillessen – Yah-sper Silli-sen Matthijs de Ligt – Mat-ice Dull-icht Frenkie/Luuk de Jong – Duh-yong Memphis Depay – Duh-pie (UEFA: not 'Der-pay') (yeah no shit there's no R in it) Marten de Roon – Duh Rone (Roon is pronounced like "bone" Stefan de Vrij – Stay-fon Duh-vry (like the word "fry") Hans Hateboer – Hat-uh-bour (like the word "tour") Quincy Promes – Pro-mess Davy Pröpper – Pruh-per Kevin Strootman – Strote-man Donny van de Beek – Farnder-bake (where does UEFA get that extra R from? Just Van der Bake, like baking)
stop having expectations from EA. Havent you learned from past years?
dont worry, EA loves removing the skill gap, they will limit the amount of skills someone can do in FIFA 20 (they recently announced this). Enjoy your noob friendly game.
Haha yeah right. Its duper easy to defend against so its your problem really
Wow you guys are still disappointed? Stop having expectations of this company. They aren't called EAids for no reason. They fuck over their very own userbase in so many ways each year. If you buy it, you should know EA doesnt give a shit about anyone, dont even get your hopes up.
lol you seriously believe they will keep it that way? they lure in the addicted player base in first and then tend to the casuals for more money farming.
Bound to make mistakes? I havent seen other companies failing so hard week after week.
that's literally you expecting it then
Is Serie A confirmed for friday? Thought it would be ligue 1
Why though? He would retain his value and it was a given he would keep rising, all TOTY's do.
TOTS Wijnaldum. He's one of the best midfielders in the game at the moment.
Laliga isnt a popular league, most people make a hybrid to fit in Messi. But yeah Aspas looks amazing but I think most people would want a 4\* weakfoot and/or 4\* skills. I cant play with a player who cant skill properly.
UCL Live Renato Sanches
Hahahaha lovely result, all these english fans here talking trash about the Netherlands. Chat shit get banged someone from your country said once.
exactly, the same goes for Belgium
Van Dijk was already moving forward, Van Dijk created to momentum, Sterling changed his direction with all of his weight.
well not easier, you just have a back up
he was great at Manchester United as well, its just that Mourinho eventually preferred bigger sized defenders.
You mean he did exactly what he did against juventus rofl
They did about a few players
I saw that Colombo kid or whatever his name is play against The Netherlands (under 17). Even though they lost, he made a great impression on me. &amp;#x200B; [https://www.transfermarkt.com/lorenzo-colombo/profil/spieler/487843](https://www.transfermarkt.com/lorenzo-colombo/profil/spieler/487843)
Tai chi
Ronaldo had trouble against de ligt and blind in the champions league. Now VVD joins the party
He pretty much played the whole season on 40% of his ability. Simply cause it was enough.
Misleading title
Is it really that hard to make a Volta proclubs version and play with friends in 1 team vs other teams? Jesus fucking christ EAids.
Had the same, Hazard scoring a header while my POTY Van Dijk refused to jump.
Even if EA will use a new engine instead of the frostbite engine in a few years, they will still copy paste (and convert) the code so we will still get the same BS gameplay from this engine into the new one.
Ehhh De ligt kept up with Mbappe and Gnabry, I dont think pace is a problem with De Ligt lol
there's a big korean community there
He would be on my bench lol
I had Son, Dybala, Robertson, Hamsik and some others.
You would be crazy not to go for a 5\*5\* then. Also just connect and forfeit the match a lot and you will have a beast of a player soon (even if its not on max rating)
Oh wow the stats I gave him were pretty close! Same overal rating.
Haha crazy
One can hope....that you will get a red CR7 tomorrow
Which other club became Eredivisie champion and reached the CL semi final?
De Jong should be more fluid, and has 4\* skills. Depends on your play style.
Ok thanks :(
Omg you absolute hero!!!! I didnt know!
Thanks!!!!
POTY/TOTS Van Dijk as the best cb in the game. De Ligt is amazing but doesnt have that extra bullshit Van Dijk has
I have TOTS De Ligt and used his FS from the beginning of its release. 0 complaints really. I would put him in the top 10 best cbs for sure. Its just that vvd is on another level
He wins most headers and passes are always good. His dribbling is quite nice and 4* weakfoot is welcome
No, he makes less errors which is nice and i could sell the FS first. But if you had to choose, then id say the FS is good enough. But of course the TOTS is better. He does have some good upgrades on some stats. Depends on your budget i guess
I use it for ultra defense and put things on a lockdown. You basically get an extra midfielder while being able to counter the opponent cause of your wingers.
I love it, Im so happy with Depay.
whats the joke about? i heard it before but didnt get it
Wanted to ask if you were joking until i read the last part of your post.....wow
Used FS De Ligt since its release and replaced him with his TOTS version. He's partnered up with POTY Van Dijk. Best defensive duo ever.
Elite is for the pay2win players, pro's and people who have insane packluck. Its a small percentage really.
This is the sprint vs Barcelona: [https://streamable.com/vpz08](https://streamable.com/vpz08) Still looks like he's not running at full speed lol.
He's still young. Cant expect him to play every match well. He had some great matches before.
Yeah im not worried about our right back position at all. He also made an amazing tackle on sterling i think. But he has so much potential with his physique and speed.
Sorry, the other one was way better
Everyone is addicted to opening packs, to get your casino slot fix. The gameplay itself is torture and a big obstacle between you and your rewards. But the gameplay itself should be enjoyable, that should be the main motivation to play it.
There is no ELO. Just EA fucking people over
What do you get on WL and what division do you play in rivals?
So you never really measured it properly then against good opposition
Ehhh why do you think that? Ive seen plenty people here admitting they won cause of EA bullshit
Then do the world a favor and start with yourself rofl
Youtubers have buffed luck by EA to stimulate people to buy packs
They gave up, they probably have the "better" servers on fifa 20
isnt that an octuple kill?
I swear people are trolling or being EA shills. There's no way Neymar is on 4% above the other ones.
Yeah with shadow chem he should be a good CDM
her tits arent big enough for that
He was good but 93 rated max
I know that im obviously not referring to that
I hope someone can help, would be great!
its a bit of a slow pop song i think
no its a standalone music video
No
Nope but its similar
the amount of delay is disgusting
Not random for me. Getting consistent shit delay games
pretty sure China plays the FIFA Online version though
EA shills. They are already lurking again, preparing themselves for the FIFA 20 release, only to dispute every negative thing thats rightfully said about EA and FIFA 20. There were even users with multiple accounts backing themselves up in order to defend EA and FIFA 20. Its sad really.
Thats why hes a low budget player obviously.
Wijnaldum I guess, at the time he was 480 I think. All my red picks have been shite.
They should just do a proper ELO system, something like rivals but better.
\*surprise mechanics
thats why pro's say they hate the game. they are good at abusing the exploits, they arent good because they enjoy the game and learn to love and get better from it.
there are several threads where people are playing against pro's after having a bad record so there's that
"Academics"
Then how do you explain Scar ordering them around? Lions are from the cat family as well.
Yes american studies will surely help in defining european concentration camps...oh wait
Absolute legend
Not really, he was put as a left back/right back and thats not the position he wants. He did show some good things on that position though.
How so? He's not saying the better player, he's saying the better TEAM player.
Thats because the board was/is shite. LVG has proven enough times to be a word class manager. But he had to work with shijty players and transfers he didnt want
Lol amazing picks though. Id go with thiago silva. Just try it out. I prefer full chem anyways. Maybe go for a chem that boosts his strength.
Hes pretty flashy for a CM. He has those moments but people like shitting on him regardless
Had shit pack luck all year until i got Messi yesterday.
Dont buy FIFA 20 then. Next year it wont be any different.
Yeah but you should always start with yourself
Japanese shows always have been of pure shite quality. Im still annoyed that they used 1080i for such a long time. Im not even sure if they went to 1080p already. Also shitty bitrate.
not his, he opened it for someone else
I dont see that happening but getting close to De Ligt would be amazing already
Where do you think Hoever came from? Are you going to send him back to Ajax? lol
We only have one mountain in the Netherlands and its a dijk at the same time.
OP is right, I got TOTS Messi and before a TOTY Ronaldo, so your point is invalid.
2nd source is offline, do you have a mirror?
wow what a waste :(
One of asia's prettiest of all time
I thought they had multiple ambassadors including Mario
Petitions never work
Its way below 1%
nah they disabled player picks, only the people who were early got the untradable gold picks.
They are trying hard to compensate for Yeonwoo's visual loss. I'm not complaining lol.
Yeah packing an icon is crazy lucky. There are youtubers packing good players a lot and even on this board there are some claiming to have packed several expensive players, but know that there are hundreds of thousands of active players who dont pack anything. So yeah you are really lucky.
2 MISSED OUT IFS FOR OTW PROMES
Adama Traore would be awesome. TAA will get a TOTY but a POTM would be way more affordable.
it isnt, its the fabric, look at the sauce and watch it move after she moves
no its a strong link, not a perfect link
And Obama
"Oh and you are pregnant now"
If this is true, I really hope Wijnaldum will get a special TOTY SBC. He deserves it more than KDB in my opinion (simply because KDB was injured for a long time, I also think Bernardo Silva deserves it more than KDB).
people voting for the meta
nope, TOTY, Future Stars and TOTY will not affect OTW and Headliner cards.
De Ligt might be in that price range after a while, I dont think it will be that long.
well they won it so they deserve to be up there. And most likely they will win the PL title this year.
De Ligt deserves it
VVD TOTS will get 99 for sure
2.8mil on PS4 I think. Since he's amazing on the ball already, imagine him with a big pace boost, being able to shoot AND amazing at defending. He's above 2 mil for sure.
it does when you know EA wants to sell packs
he wasnt in there last year but they still gave him a special card
Messi is better
Useless card
The problem is that the definition of "scripting" varies. This is what deniers most of the time use against the people who think external influences exist. There isn't a good term for it and scripting is easily debunked since there are people going 30-0 in the WL with normal teams. But if you ask slider manipulation, handicap or other external influences exist to make it harder/easier for you? I'm 100% sure it exists.
Ruud Gullit giving his approval. Van Dijk will have 80 shooting or higher and will be in the Gullit Gang!
Alisson won the Champions League, did you forget about that?
salty hater spotted
then maybe google some statistics of Alisson and enlighten yourself
Ihatarren and Boadu sounds right, but Van de Beek might get one since EA has a special partnership with Ajax.
meta card and EA has to sell packs
he also did great for the national team and beat Germany, France and England along the way.
yeah no thanks, dont need all those cheaters from the PC influencing the console market
because its better to let it stay on one platform, because EA wont fix their shit anyway
Or you could just ask for EA to fix that shit instead of posting a mentally unstable reply like that.
I dont think you know the definition of free 2 play lol
Did you know the options menu is free 2 play too?
while i dont support such actions, EA never communicated properly before those threats so that doesnt hold up
Got shit again
Did chip shots get nerfed?
So i guess we could say Manchester United's biggest accomplishment is getting a draw against Liverpool
Not at all
Wanted a moments Wijnaldum card :(
This what happens if people keep buying fifa points
Probably in South Korea
I hope Ben Yedder will win, cant wait to do his SBC! But when will the winner be announced? And when will his SBC be released?
Thanks!!!
Frenkie de Jong better be in there
Dont know
Yeah big chance he will get a headliner card
it always happens at crucial moments of the game. Suddenly you or the opponent gets a bullshit moment. Its just to make people frustrated and buy packs.
How about you use your brain? That was never my argument to begin with. With pumping thousands of dollars into the game, like many other youtubers, they are supporting's EA's bad behaviour. Think for once lmao.
Nah this argument always comes up but its simply not true. You think all these people posting this shit got a selective memory? Get real.
or they could just do both? i dont see why they would have to choose and apparently its working since they are getting insane amounts of profit.
there have been tons of videos where players actually stop doing shit or simply walk away, if you cant admit that EA isnt influencing the game in certain situations, you're either simply in denial or incredibly dense.
well Wano is known for the best swords, so when she hugs him or something a knife trough the heart could do the trick. But doesnt have to be a fatal wound, could be another fatal action, maybe lure him into a trap or something.
They used to have that but removed that feature because people "abused" it by making super sweaty formations.
fuck EA for removing it
Lots of people here werent playing fifa at the time of chem gate. Also it was the worst yeah and there were avid EA shills who suddenly disappeared which was funny.
unable to handle trough normal means of play I guess
Imagine his TOTS after a winter upgrade on his POTM....
part of the blackmail Orochi put on Oden.
The anime can pump out tons of episodes of this chapter. The war between Kaido and Moria, the Oden dance which will take up a whole episode etc. But this is a great chapter really. Cant wait for the next one.
nah she has a bra under it, you can see it
Strong pacey winger who can play at a central attacking position as well. Creative but not really a playmaker. Better used on the counter imo. Hes strong but a bit short. Has a good shot, bit not a cold finisher. He has a lot of improvement to do and tbh Spurs is out of his league atm BUT he has huge potential. If he gets enough playtime he can become amazing. He has shown moments of brilliance before.
I love her but her face looks like Shrek in this picture
Malen is injured and Bergwijn will go to spurs, so I think Bergwijn will get it and probably Van de Beek as well.
lol shite totw. Im happy I didnt go for elite and stuck with gold 3
only the real connaisseurs know the value of April Na Eun.
people have lives too
how would that imply as a joke or sarcasm?
Neymar
Agreed but at the same time that was also a requirement that he needed. So I'm pretty sure the award ceremony will continue next chapter. But still, Shin killed Houken, the guy who killed the strongest generals. That alone should put him on a next level in terms of rewards imo. But it's fine I guess, we all know the 3 young generals will grow side by side.
Even on 18ms the delay is horrible.
Wasnt like that for me last friday and the week before that. I had more trouble on saturday.
a PC monitor
go on any highlight and wait for it to end until you see a camera overview of the field, then press R3.
Dont like him to be honest. Gold neymar on 7 chem is way better for me.
yeah they are just dodging the issue. And it's not like in all these YEARS, thousands of problems have been reported and EA has ignored like 99% of them.
no I mean, he's better with a shadow chem. Anchor only gives +6 agression, the rest is already maxed out.
yep its either shadow or engine, but I'd go for shadow.
Even if 10% of the people stop buying FIFA, they will still make a billion of profit. There's no winning and they dont have the motivation to fix it.
Gueye. De Jong can skill and has better shooting.
Would've been more fun if he had 99 agi and balance. Even if you boost his stats he will still feel too clunky.
Utter shit as always
theres no point in going past Gold 2. The amount of stress you get from it and the disappointment later isnt worth it.
it will protect the people who cant control themselves very well, so its good regardless if it changes ingame things or not
I'll wait and see how they deal with pro clubs next year. If they havent improved it I wont buy it.
lol you're so wrong. The icon SBC's were great. You could easily get high rated cards by getting the Halloween cards.
Insane. BLM is a political movement. They have their demands and a lot of them are black supremacists. Couldnt they just make a different anti racist promotion?
I'll probably get downvoted for this but at first glance the BLM movement is a good cause. **Of course races should be treated equally in every aspect of society in every country**. However the BLM movement is actually a political movement under the disguise of "you want black lives to be equal?". All the donations go to rich white old democrats, like Joe Biden. And the mess in the USA is happening in the democratic cities, why would you support the very same people who made that mess? Now I'm not saying you should support Trump or the republicans, not at all (Im not even american so I dont really care), and BLM (the organisation) has some messed up ideas and followers (black supremacists). I'm saying you should track down where those donations actually go to. There must be better ways to donate to a cause that actually helps out poor afro americans out, because BLM aint it. [https://secure.actblue.com/donate/ms\_blm\_homepage\_2019](https://secure.actblue.com/donate/ms_blm_homepage_2019) This is their donation page. It goes to ActBlue, which is an organisation that gives the money to people like Joe Biden. The same guy that said "Poor kids are just as bright and talented as white kids".
happens every year. After TOTY they gradually make the game worse each patch so that the new FIFA feels better
I hope it will be after the big battle though. Like when Kaido is defeated, a weakened Big Mom will tell the story.
my prediction is that Big Mom will become sort of a semi-ally to the SH and allows Zeus to stay with Nami. When the big final battle happens Big Mom's crew including Katakuri of course will fight side by side. And it's pretty much Nami's power up like everyone else has gotten one, so she kinda needs it.
yeah but if Kaido is planning to backstab her, they might join forces
yeah was thinking about the same thing but it could get taken over by the One Piece narrator.
trying to get bigger investors into the league and more ads. Also the overal level should go up since more teams with a higher budget will be able to play against each other.
maybe it was the people around him that caused him not to play well. Might be too easy of a conclusion but the better the passes, the easier strikers like him score.
yeah cant wait for ranked. I started playing this game 2 days ago but the games are often incredibly unbalanced. Me and my friend are both CS players from the higher ranks and we often dominate games which makes it boring. There's no challenge left if you kill the best player on their team. Im not gloating at all since Im still shit at this game but if you have decent aim, you can dominate most games easily. Once ranked starts, I'll expect to start at the bottom and climb up trough the ranks.
noob here, how do you get a battle pass?
thats the least important thing
he opens it for other people I guess, many youtubers do that
CNN is fake news though. They literally lie about the most obvious stuff. But I don't trust Foxnews either. But fake news station calling another news station fake news is kinda weird lol. I'm happy I dont live in the USA.
Grand Fleet would make sense but I have a feeling Marco will die.
well thats true but he doesnt seem like the character that lives very long lol
well Momo is still alive, he made it convincing that for sure, we'll see
Sword? That would be interesting, and would explain the risks he takes.
oh damn, thanks!
They shouldve given him a 5* wf and 99 stamina. Its not like upgrading that could hurt the game at this point.
I dont think there will be a new engine, which was the case with FIFA 14 current gen. It will be probably more of the same.
It makes sense in gameplay regard, but they wont do it since its one of their selling points on promoting cards.
Expect all the "gamechangers" and EA shills to pop out again. And remember, not criticism is allowed!
Still gave me the consistent crap rewards from picks and sbc's so I dont give a shit tbh
Thats not how it works though. People most likely have used the card a lot, bolstering their team to gain better rewards.
Berjwinn?
Perisic is better stat wise. Son does have the finesse trait though if you rely on that. But other than that, Perisic should feel better. Still, because of his height, dont expect amazing smooth dribbling, he might still feel slightly clunky.
Should be! Check out the Perisic reviews on youtube for more information. The thing is, they compare it with current meta cards, so even if they arent that excited, it should be better than the CL Son you're using.
Participation trophy
shes obviously wearing a bra there lol
Pretty sure she shows off to get a super rich boyfriend if she doesnt have one yet
I love it when people use him in the WL. So easy to score against lol
just keep looking lol, Dumfries is a good athlete but he sucks at football. But he's still young, but I don't see him getting a lot better the upcoming years, maybe his time will come.
Oh god no :(
yeah was thinking about that, but the current showdown is taaking the biggest clubs out there either in the bundesliga.
yeah so?
Cant see Koulibaly going to Liverpool since they have plenty of defenders. Would be awesome to see though, Van Dijk and Koulibaly lol. That's just insane.
you forgot the standard roulette or body feint skill move
because the WL isnt fun
yeah totally agree
amazing pull, thats something I needed badly hahaha, I probably wouldve been more motivated than I am now
yeah I get it, I used to do that too in FIFA 18, but Im so busy nowadays, so I only get more frustrated if I get screwed over. Its better to make some choices and cut certain things off.
Nah i had decent luck in previous fifas. I didnt get anything good this whole fifa. So ill stop playing if tomorrow is another shitty reward day
Pro clubs is by far more fun if you have friends who play fifa
they patched it a lot though
should be way better than both of them, simply because he has 5\* skills and better stats. I'd put Ibra on stay forward with conservative interceptions if you're going to play him from the start though, or else his stamina will round out fast. But I'm planning to use him as a super sub.
Semedo would be the best RB in the game then, by far. Even his headliner card is still one of the best.
Get the memes out boys
I highly doubt Koeman will want him back. But maybe when someone's injured and you want an experienced sub.
card stats dont mean shit to EA if its realistic or not. Its a marketing tool for them to increase their profits.
94 is too high, and 94 phys is just ridiculous lol.
Gold Neymar. He's the best attacker in the game until you get his informs or any card above the 4 million. Other than that. TOTS Sanches is ridiculous, he's like a small Gullit.
Wijnaldum still needs a better card than his HL though
Will they get a weakfoot upgrade as well? Or only +3 stat upgrade?
Depends on what you want to accomplish. The comments about reaction time are true. However, if you just want to enjoy playing on a big screen, then sure have fun. I have a projector too, but for the WL, I play it on my gaming monitor.
