But that’s not a problem. People like seeing original works from an artist they like. I don’t think that’s super comparable to the low ball, safe route of remaking and sequel-ing everything because it has an established fan base. People like Nolan’s work because he’s a filmmaker who’s actually still making original content and he’s good at it.
God. I was kind of hyped to play comp and saw this and felt the rage. All the more reason for me to one trick a DPS I want to get good at. Seriously. What’s the motivation to be a good teammate when do many teammates play like this? Your team work is instantly invalidated when people don’t care to utilize it. At least if I become a nutty Tracer I can’t be robbed of that.
my first two games i had a dude who decided to become a symm one trick even though he was a mccree main with multiple hours on multiple heroes last season. had him two games in a row and he attacked with symm both times. never got past first point on one map and half way to second on the other. this game is seriously so frustrating.
and throwing one junkrat mine makes tracer a toy. breaking through the spam shields, spam damage, and mercy heals/res/ult is so tedious.
People say that about every budding esport. If they like it they all say it’s the next CSGO. I think if they actually made this game competitive and cut all this casual pandering garbage the game would be an awesome esport.
Also need to make sure you *hold* jump. Can’t just tap space bar. Hold it down to maintain that momentum.
Does that 2ms ping effect ttk? I swear to god even if someone stands dead still and let’s me kill them as Tracer they won’t die as fast as that soldier.
That sucks. Because I feel like even if I barrel stuff someone who is still they don’t die like that. Like that looked unreal.
What was reverted?
Wow you’re a waste of life.
Well then try not being racist. Your statements have consequences. Look at your downvotes. It’s not my job to see trashy people and then hear how they’re “going through something” and coddle them. Grow up.
People respond to your stupid statements and you blame them.
Jesus Christ. You’re self awareness is a flat zero.
Religion? What?
I literally think you’re trolling. Peace.
For those who wanted xQc’s detailed analysis of the developer update: https://clips.twitch.tv/BoxyTubularHeronDoubleRainbow
Interesting. So this is pro play or ladder included? I think I at least heard that mercy at her peak after the rework was nearly 100% on ladder.
I’ve said this forever. R6 Siege and CSGO I don’t need to play comp to at least have fun not taking the game overly serious. OW’s amount of dependency makes the game awful to play any time the conditions aren’t perfect. Hence why comp is total cancer. Take a bunch of people really wanting to win because, surprise, it’s a competitive playlist and pair them with a bunch of people who don’t care and just want to screw off on some random hero and then make both of them ultra dependent on one another and you have the most toxic environment imaginable. Add in that half the heroes in the game have insane skill floors/ceilings (Widow, McCree, Genji) and they end up at the same rank as people who climbed playing Mercy and let’s say someone else goes Mercy and now you have a team where they’re stuck with a player that really isn’t good at anything else and is the equivalence of a gold or something not on that hero. Then let all of these teams have huge variances in skill, etc, and you have games that waaaaay too often feel like stomps. Especially when you add in *actual* throwers that feel eternal to get banned, toxicity, smurfs and so on. So many games it just feels like you can’t walk out of spawn and then another game it feels like you could go afk and the enemy team *still* wouldn’t be able to take point. It often feels like matches you play you don’t deserve to gain or lose SR because some matches feel so absurdly helpless. Not saying your SR won’t wind up where you deserve it to be. I just mean that climbing doesn’t feel good when every match is insanely tilting on your way there. Since I came to PC I’ve climbed over 1000 SR and have done nothing but notice myself improve and I still am getting closer to giving up daily. I want the game to be good but I expect the absolute worse every time I queue comp. And I can tell others do too by how easily teams tilt. I decide I really want to play DPS next game so I pick DPS first and it’s not uncommon that you can’t tell it pisses people off and then everyone selects DPS. The other day we got to the last point on offense and the defending team went triple tank and I just asked a dude if Genji was a good pick against this comp and he instantly tilted and demanded to know what else he should be. I just told him soldier and the mercy main that his four stack was queueing with instantly locked Genji for the rest of the game when he switched. Round change he took Tracer which is what I was on. It was so obvious they were trying to tilt me *just for typing in chat if Genji was a good idea*. That’s it. So I supported and surprise, we lost. The mercy main did nothing on Genji and the enemy team had put a Winston on Genji duty long ago when a better player was on him. At the end of the game the dude literally told me “can’t get lucky every game :)”. That’s what a dude who basically threw told me. This is why this game feels trash. One tilting idiot can utterly ruin 15-20 minutes of your time. Take QP where no one cares and you never have what you need and you have one of the most miserable experiences on earth. Especially as they buff and add low skill heroes that kill or heal with zero aim. The comp experience is worse than any game I’ve ever played and I just want this game to improve so desperately.
I don’t even think this is the *primary* reason trolling feels so bad in OW. Plenty of games have normal matchmaking but don’t feel even remotely this bad. R6: Siege has a way more toxic community IMO (almost every lobby people are spewing racist garbage in chat, etc) and that game literally allows you to *team kill* teammates and griefing feels nothing like it does in OW. I only solo queue that game and have never ever had a problem with griefing in that game at all. OW feels so bad because blizzard thought it would make the game better to minimize individual impact as much as possible via spam damage, awkward movement that is hard to hit, shields and insane healing. One dude “soft throwing” can’t be banned but can literally turn a match into you ripping out your heart and soul to win and not even being able to take first point. Add to it that Blizzard pushes a “do whatever you want, however you want, just always have the intention to try and you’re fine in competitive” mindset and you get every other match being a stomp in one direction and matches that you win are rarely rewarding because you have this feel of being a great and improving player when you climb and more just have a feel of having slightly more lucky matches than bad. Since I came to PC I’ve climbed 1000 SR and feel worse about the game every season. Climbing means so little when the entire process along the way has been ultra tilting. Every season I have ended higher than I started and I feel more and more frustrated every time. It’s because people care less and less about trying and working together (no surprise, why would you put too much stock in winning as a team when you constantly get burned by trolls) and invest in themselves by just making an account to only play Hanzo or Widow or something. And honestly, why not? At least if you get good at Widow no one can take that from you. Trying to win is just full of so much beyond your control. That’s what makes this game so bad. The personal experience of trying to win can be so easily spoiled. The most tilting feeing in a game is the feel of not being able to control your outcome and in OW that can most often be squarely put on someone on your team even when you feel like you couldn’t have done more. On Siege, you can have awful games where you played excellently and it literally doesn’t feel bad because you could feel yourself having a huge impact and it felt rewarding. You could feel yourself performing against the odds and you know that you can keep getting better. Some of the most encouraging games I’ve had on Siege have been my team losing to well known squads but by the skin of our teeth. We managed to take them to the very, very end and I could tell I was a huge reason for that. In OW, you can play out of your mind and then the very next match be unable to step out of your spawn. That’s what drives toxicity in this game. A massive amount of dependence on a playerbase that cares nothing about winning. You can even see this in the fact that high rank streamers/pros constantly either (1) tilt or (2) have to say “unlucky”, “unfortunate”, “unlucky”, “unfortunate”, every single game in an “esport”. I don’t want to almost *ever* feel unlucky in an esport. I want to feel outplayed. There’s no worse feeling on earth than feeling afflicted by something you can’t control or do anything about. Not just gaming. Period. Whether you live in an oppressive society that feels like you can’t change, whether you work at a job that sucks and you don’t have the power to affect it, whether your internet goes out and calling your ISP doesn’t fix it because there is an outage that you have to wait on them to fix, doesn’t matter. Now when we’re talking about a game meant to be an *esport*, the idea is that you should *always* have a choice to outplay. That’s why chess is more competitive than candy land. It’s highly skill based and that is rewarding. People like improving and working hard and noticing that improvement. Whether it’s an art like painting, whether it’s playing an instrument, whether it’s learning a language or the history of a country, it feels good to seek something, work hard and notice yourself get closer to a goal. Even improving in Overwatch still results in every match being tilting. Top tier pros constantly lose on the ladder and can’t do a thing. Of course this happens in any game. It happens in Siege too. The better team players will always beat 5 mechanically intense players on the enemy team who don’t work together. But on Siege, one person disconnecting or sucking isn’t a loss. You tighten your belts, plan a strat and you can win. Even if the round is a 5v2 on Siege those players have to respect those last two because they can make the right plays and still win. It’s against the odds but is possible. In OW, you get a disconnect and that’s gg. It feels awful. No one likes working hard and having that so easily and randomly invalidated. Me playing ranked in Siege and my internet going out doesn’t destroy my whole team’s experience. They may even lose and be mad about it but they can have a hard fought, well played match. In OW, a DC means your team is about to have the worst experience of their lives unless the enemy team are basically idiots who are borderline throwing.
I mean R6: Siege has exploded its playerbase and came out a few months before OW. I’ve also never felt burnt out on that game. I love OW. The competitive community does get overly dramatic. But I think you’re throwing out the baby with the bath water by writing this off as normal. Pros and competitive players in Siege sound nothing like this and for good reason. This game has one of the worst ladders I’ve ever seen and the way current Mercy has been handled has me very nervous about the future of this game. She is so blatantly ridiculous and there has been barely anything done at all for months now.
Because OW is a competitive. I don’t play this game for fun the same way I would play something like Fortnite for fun. I play this with a competitive perspective in mind. I want the game to improve. I feel invested and have drive to improve and get better. Like so many others I’m just hoping to see change. But the way Blizzard has handled mercy is utterly depressing. Bastion was a mistake when he had that disastrous buff. But I at least thought they cared. With Mercy I can’t even call it incompetence. I know they know. But this has gone on so long I can’t help but believe this is a calculated decision to cater to some casual image or something. I don’t want to hear anything about OWL or Blizzcon keeping them busy or some trash. There is no excuse for not even a change on PTR or recognition of this utter mistake. Four months and nothing but a slap on the wrist. It feels like a punch in the gut. This game has one of the most expensive competitive scenes ever to exist. I don’t want to hear a word about fixing an abysmally broken hero after four months of people in the pro scene, people on the competitive sub and even a huge majority of people on the casual sub complaining for months. We’ve never seen a ladder pick rate like this. And they just don’t have time to put something on PTR? Yeah right.
That’s kind of a symptom of the issue all the same. The comp playlist has gone so greatly to hell that most people can’t bother to play on an account they care about so they smurf where they can just choose to not care. Caring in this game is like taking crazy pills.
the buyins were 20 mil. there are 12 teams. thats hundreds of mil my duder.
just wait for even more high hps healers. eventually there will never be zen+lucio ever again unless youre in a t500 game where blitz attacks are coordinated. or they will just add more high mobility, no aim healers and ana will continue to rot in her grave as the barrier spam grows.
i think what he means is that to balance this ability, it just makes it feel bad. like why are they even bothering trying to keep such a stupid ability? just replace it already. its always either too oppressive and even now it will probably be strong and feel stupid. its just too hard to balance. needs to go at this point.
All Ana needs is for shields to decline some. The Mercy nerf wont fix that. There are too many shields and dive is still too strong. These are all things Mercy can tolerate and Ana cant. Then add that Ana has virtually zero sustain while mercy has some of the best self heal in the game and you still don't have a balanced hero. I agree that I dont want Ana buffed. I want to see other stuff reined in.
I honestly hate this "flavor of the week" mentality. I dont really know where it came from. Its a new perspective that I feel like only younger gamers have. When I was in high school, games got very little support in terms of constant balance patches. You usually played the game you got. And if the game was balanced, it was fine. And I hate to constantly use the word "casual" here because I know people use it as a superiority thing in this sub but honestly, gaming also wasnt that big when I was in high school. It is such a massive industry now and people get so bored over anything. Like seriously. No new character and 100,000 cosmetic items released this month? Then the game isnt fun. Honestly most people who are driven in a competitive game thrive off of the competition. Overwatch has struggled with balance issues and people get sick of the metas for very good reason. People didnt like triple tank because it felt like nothing died. So it felt like individuals especially were low impact. Dive I believe was the meta with the highest skill ceiling heroes but I think that when you combine all of them the individual disappears even more. If youre a low mobility target and a D.va and Winston hit you, you literally just die and can do nothing else. This was largely because of the Winston/D.va buffs that made it unbearable. But that furthered this feeling of being able to do nothing. Then we had mercy and junkrat reining their miserable existences in the majority of matches for months. people were sick of it not because it "wasnt something new or different". People hated it because those are two of the lowest skill heroes in the game with what feel like uncounterable ultimates, cheap abilities and massive impacts. I dont know about all the MOBA people out there but making a shooter where people have very little impact (compared to other shooters) is already a very strange idea and I personally dont believe "increases team cooperation". To make that work with shooter mechanics is an awkward feat that i think was accomplished via tons of spam and projectiles, limit the capabilities of mechanical skill with no movement accel, tons of powerful and low skill abilities, tons of shields, insane healing, etc. So people get frustrated for good reason. And often times it is when skill and individual input seem too muted, whether because the meta revolves around picking individuals efficiently in a hard to counter way, relying on making targets unkillable or whether it just revolves around low skill oppressive abilities. I think one of the constant sources of frustration and toxicity in the game that has been around since day 1 is the impact a single thrower/bad or careless player can have. compare that to the impact a single amazing player has and it feels all out of whack. Then add in that many easy mode abilities have been able to counter high skill players (matrix, res) and there is tons of frustration there. The three big metas that people have cried about have all featured things that make the game hideously unfun to play once people master them and they become routine. Tank needed to be changed because everyone hated a meta where nothing died. It was irritating and was clear that the devs didnt intend that to be so powerful of a choice to the point nothing else became possible. Dive I think was the most logical and still is the most looming threat because it cant be focused on Ana or Mercy. Dive is bad because its showing how broken it is for the game to have half the cast have insane mobility and half not. It will always be superior if the team is coordinated unless the less mobile heroes get some crazy power creep to compensate. Mercy, people wanted changed because it was the most busted thing in the game. Its not because people got bored. Its because when overwatch develops a super efficient meta, it is often times a meta that involves the whole team synergizing so well that one person cant do anything to budge it or an insanely strong and cheap ability that isnt countered enough by skilled players. Thats why people have hated these metas. People are easily countered by low skill or simply cant have an impact and yet its an insta-loss to run much else.
so lets not suggest things because "it sucks but so does res so its fine".
so is it as devastating having two main tank mains on your team as it is two mercy mains? even if they main the same tank?
no health returned? why isnt this a bug?
In all honesty though, every time i hear people complain about the Korean London roster all i could ever think about was how the most popular western team just added their first american player very recently.
isnt this the dude that worries about how getting old is going to affect him as a pro gamer? hes insane.
probably a controversial thing to say but i honestly kinda agree. and when i said that dallas is the most popular western team, i do know a lot of the players are western. but the point is that many people see dallas as this originally NA org and now they rep an american city and are probably the most popular western team, therefore definitely the most popular american team, and no one has ever said a word about nearly none of their roster being american until seagull shows up. meanwhile london was insanely controversial. and i think it is because people can identify with other westerners and dont bat an eye but when the team is all korean, they register in people's heads as "foreign". but at the end of the day, we all know that "foreign" has literally never been an issue in peoples heads. its not even a conscious thought, *if* they are also white. nobody brings up "foreign" in those cases. but when the whole team *isnt* white, the whole team is all of a sudden "foreign" and its the center of tons of controversy.
but hes actually a solid dps. people know him as a lucio one trick but he streams a very good mccree all the time and im pretty sure he either played a lot of quake or csgo, right? i dont think he played both, i think it was just one or the other but dont remember which. i think it was csgo. so its obvious he has decent mechanics.
wasnt there a lot of attempts to sign a European team? i dont know any of the detail so someone correct me, but i think they wanted faze and there was tons of issues so they just went with imports, right?
thats an interesting perspective. today is there much hostility in sports or any type of representation like that when it comes to england and ireland?
i mean in the past didnt people report that envy only won matches by straight up being better players and never really vod reviewing or anything? i doubt it is still that lacking since that was a long time ago but if what effect says is true and they really are that awful at working together to the point that no one shot calls and everyone is on different targets then it sounds like they havent built some fundamental skills early on. other teams are getting better. its been over a year and a half. talent is picking up steam and things like team work and team cohesion is going to be make or break, as it should be, in OWL.
nicely put. their matches against valiant felt like a wreck where no one knew what was going on to be honest.
you say that like winston is bad. hes one of the strongest heroes in the game and his bubble buff is what set off the never ending power of dive in the first place. he never even needed that because he was already strong. now he is one of the strongest heroes in the game.
breaking new, hot off the press.
especially week of launching OWL. i do think the numbers were nice but the first week was honeymoon phase. twitch numbers mean nothing to me yet.
would you share pics? i really want to see what some of these skins look like with gold weapons before i buy:) the tracer outlaws skin looks awesome with gold.
do any colors remain on these OWL skins with mccrees gold weapon or does the whole thing just turn gold? I at least know that tracers guns keeps some accent colors.
its not even just playing against junk that is irritating. i despise seeing a tense battle in OWL and someone dying to junk spam or a blade getting popped and a junk mine ending the engagement. its a joke to call that esport mechanics. like how i feel in game when dying to mindless junkrat spam i feel the same irritation when spectating an owl match. you can visibly see me annoyed.
but you play around hog. the problem i think about balancing dva is her omnipresence because shes a flying tank. thats why dive has always been oppressive and probably will remain that way at the pro level. tracer and genji are strong, sure, but two tanks with high hp flying into you and deleting you always feels bad because unless youre being pocketed or have high mobility, you just die. dva used to fly into you and make you 100% helpless to do anything while her team killed you. no shooting to defend yourself and unless someone is behind her to burst out of the way of her matrix and through any support shes getting before her team kills you (unlikely since shes a tank and youre not), you just die. now she is a tank that flies into you and deletes you. people complain about criticism constantly like people arent criticizing dva for good reason but from everything i hear most pros consider her broken and she still has one of the highest pickrates. a tank that deletes opposing damage while instagibbing half the cast after she flies into you, highground or not, is always going to be hard to balance. roadhog is low mobility and his presence is what makes him a tank. so you play in the space around him properly. thats something blizzard and many others dont seem to understand. mobility is never acknowledged for how powerful it is. positioning is barely a thing when your opponents can immediately disengage and control exactly when to engage while you playing low mobility restricts you to nothing but a reactive play style. you cant ignore dva's mobility. thats what makes her instagib potential insane. high ground means nothing, backlining means nothing. when the brawl begin, if youre zen or mccree or whatever, youre probably getting dove by hundreds of hp worth of tank that can delete you so fast your head will spin.
same. my main i do placements on and then it sits at 3k even during the season. playing on an account where i care about rank is just asking to be unhappy. in the meantime i play this memefest on my alt to practice mechanics without smashing my own brains out.
esport gameplay. grandmaster opponents getting purely outskilled.
not saying the enemies werent dead. but most other heroes wouldn't have omnipresent flows of spam covering the map ready to finish off any opponent. all the time people are a few hp from dying. but often times no one is there or the aim isnt good enough to finish them off. not saying junkrat is op because he perfectly can finish people off. the point is that he often times just gets kills that are 100% luck based on nothing more than mindless spam. tossing traps, mines and littering the floor with rollers is what is low effort. a mccree doesnt accidentally headshot 3 people to finish them off without meaning to whether the targets were going to die or not. but a braindead hero who gets lucky damage every second does.
thats the main point. doesnt matter if the enemies were dead or not. a mccree wouldnt accidentally dome three people without even meaning to. neither would half of the cast.
no one said he takes no skill. but its incontrovertible that he gets some of the luckiest, most low effort kills in the game by pure, accidental chance.
i dont see why criticizing mindless spam is even comparable to people criticizing genji because they cant hit him. as for tracer and genji, ive criticized the way blizzard has handled mobility since the beginning. no movement acceleration, tiny heroes, half have extreme mobility, half dont. it creates an environment where mechanics are awkward and team spam is multitudes stronger than individual, intentional damage. ive also criticized tracer as being imbalanced from the start even though this community has circle jerked her as the epitome of balance until they realized a week or two ago that all the korean pros think shes broken and, surprise, shes in every single match ever. but that does not mean that there shouldnt be criticism for a hero based on spam and spam alone. pros will always performs better than bad players on even the most brain dead hero. of course there is a degree of skill to him. if a human has to control him then there always will be. but junkrat himself isnt a person. i do not owe that hero anything and i shouldnt look for his merits. he is a game mechanic and a poorly designed one that pivots on tons of unintentional, lucky damage. i dont see why when tons of people hate that, its a "circle jerk". its like accusing critics of anything that deserves to be criticized as "circle jerking". doesnt really argue or prove anything. people are sick of that hero for good reason. he isnt fun to play against and kills that are lucky do not ever feel like your opponent outplayed you. i dont see how he has stayed as strong as he is in an esport with a $20 mil buyin this long. and people saying that are saying that for good reason. criticizing "rng" in competitive games has been a very, very conservative, uncontroversial thing in every sane esport community ive ever seen. not sure why a hero that gets tons and tons and tons of lucky damage points and kills is all of sudden oppressed when people hate playing against him.
mccrees ult is trash tier half the time compared to junkrats. and the difference is your comparing mccrees ultra telegraphed and counterable ult to junkrats primary fire. not even remotely the same. zens right is pretty bogus to me too but i still dont think this is comparable. you can get instantly deleted by a right click. because spam damage is king in this game. shields, spamming chokes with projectiles, and massive amounts of healing define this game. but having junkrats left and right clicks get wildly thrown around feels like a much more consistent threat than a line of finely placed projectiles in a straight line that once they miss you are gone isnt comparable either. and the difference is that he wasnt particularly aiming at anyone. he was firing in a general direction and randomly killed. once again, mccree wouldnt have gotten those kills at all. most dps heroes wouldnt have. not in that way. and your last paragraph doesnt defend a thing. bs kills are far more common with junkrat. they dont feel even remotely the same with anyone else as they do him. all of the junkrat hatred, as much as it makes you feel better, isnt just "circle jerking", which is what everyone accuses every opinion they dont like of being. junkrat is hated for spam because no one even comes close to him in comparison. saying that a mccree deadeye or zens right clicks make junkrat's current state fine is pathetic.
people have said this since the beginning and in every other competitive game ever. but thats the issue. thats not what blizzard wants. they dont want mechanics to be a metric of skill in this game. at least a mandatory skill. so "raising the skill ceiling" to blizzard will always only mean "should I do x or should I do y". having to specifically execute a skilled play will never be blizzards benchmark for good players. i think thats flawed in a shooter because then some of the tools you put into people's toolboxes just flat out require less effort for the same reward, which is retarded, but here we are, approaching two years and the meta for months has been junkrat + mercy, spam with orisa shield spam, and if your team is coordinated then dive, but otherwise, just spam. mercy junk is the common denominator. so their actions speak for themselves.
And that would probably be my retirement from OW. I'm struggling to make it through the desert over here.
ive been out of the loop with siege for a few months. what happened recently? whats going on?
i think by them he means the teams that people actually fear
same. i just want a straight up shooter. ive been super bummed on overwatch and siege has me feeling burned out on all the traps, etc. cant wait for this game to come out. i want to grind it early.
i mean deadeye is one of the most situational and least reliable ults in the game. in this same series im pretty sure someone on boston literally used it for a reload. junkrats ult isnt mostly criticized for "just pressing q". a lot of ults entail "just pressing q". junkrats is retardedly hard to counter and charges ridiculously fast. as for the mines, yes, those arent fun to watch even at the pro level. and no one is ever impressed with anyone's deadeye. most people just dont consider it op since it is one of the most counterable, telegraphed, and easy ult to die while using in the entire game.
i liked watching dive the past apex finals. i dont like playing dive. maybe with a coordinated team it would be fun but just 90% of players running the most high mobility comps possible and getting dove by 2 or 3 heroes while no one peels for you as something like zen or mccree or ana is the antithesis of fun. pro level coordinated dive has never been a problem to me. people say its hard to watch but honestly if you watch the kill feed along with watching a decent production crew's camera work (apex did it pretty well and OWL seems to as well), its honestly easier to follow than all the mercy resses. seeing blue or red on the left side of the kill feed usually means someone from that team killed someone or something from the other side. but mercy, especially with her ult, often adds to the confusion for me. maybe it isnt a problem for anyone else but when im watching i usually watch the feed but then i see a mercy ressing in the middle of people dying and i just give up and wait to see how the fight ends. especially when there are two valks. its a pain. at least dive meta back in the day was simple subtraction. Their zen died? theyre down by one. other teams genji died? theyre even, etc.
how did you get so good at this? do you freehand in pencil first or something or just straight freehand from the start? looks so good!
honestly these clips just make me think about how ridiculous the lack of proper movement accel/decel in this game is.
when people say this i wonder if they have ever played shooters at all. no one is asking for a movement system like pubg or quake or something. i admit that if you arent looking to learn something like that, they can feel clunky. but any shooter you have almost ever played in you life have a tiny degree of inertia. what people are talking about when they mention that OW has no accel/decel is that this game literally allows you to go from 100% max speed in one direction and then *instantaneously* 100% max speed the other direction without a small degree of time to slow your character model to move the other way. this can be so small that your hero still feels responsive. all it is there for is to cut down adad spam so characters dont look insanely twitchy. i would guarantee almost every shooter you have ever played does *not* allow you to adad spam like OW does. this doesnt mean you have to strafe jump and circle jump and slowly climb in momentum a la quake or that you have to wait like 10 seconds for your character to even begin moving like in pubg. go play halo, call of duty, csgo, r6 siege, battlefield, fortnite (fortnite honestly feels like there is little to no accel into jumping max speed). go try and adad spam in those games. you literally cannot spam movement in a single other shooter like you can in OW. no one wants a massive skill based movement system like in quake. thats not what people are asking for when they criticize OW for no inertia. they criticize that there is zero hesitation in adad spamming which 99% of sane shooters know adds a fell of rng to the game. in other games you can watch pros land projectile after projectile based on perfect mastery of predicting enemy movement. in OW even the best pros look like theyre mostly spamming half the time because you simply cant have great prediction in this game. go watch a pro cs:go pro, or a great Siege player or a great pubg player. even fortnite. watch how clean their aim and tracking are. then watch a pro hitscan player on OW. even hitscans miss sooooo much more in this game because targets are plain and simple, fundamentally unpredictable. pros in other shooters can literally have aim that looks to be absolutely perfect. thats actually what gives those team based games depth and richness. you know how linkzr was just now saying how pros cant out aim each other anymore and have to out think one another? well thats where most shooters are at launch. you have to respect opponents. you have to play around your team and run strats. half the time if it is a 4v6 in OW you simply lose every time. even at the pro level once there are two picks unless someone dumps out a ton of ults, usually the fight is just over. thats because in a game with less reliable mechanics, spamming in numbers almost always wins. this doesnt happen in other games. in siege if it is a 2v5 those two players can absolutely put their heads together and pull out a round win. in siege you can have someone disconnect and the team can just pull together and the better team wins. In OW a dc is virtually an instaloss 99% of the time. even the old EnvyUs said they rarely seemed to run strats and just outskilled opponents. just being straight up good at aiming and gamesense wouldnt get you that far, for that long in a lot of other games. while OW gets trashed for scrubs being able to play the most brainless heroes in OW, the actual mechanical heroes are far more demanding in this game than almost any game ive ever seen just because the devs made the movement in this game feel so outrageous. zombs was on stream the other day talking about how this game requires waaay more focus and effort to aim in than any other. a lack of mechanical impact can also be attributed to shields and healing but id say a primary reason is the large amount of spam (generally placed, large projectiles that are intended to do indiscriminate damage rather than intentionally and carefully placed projectiles that were carefully tracked and predicted) damage that is by nature often times spam because movement is so hard to predict. in a game with more reliable movement and more intentional damage, people can reliably clutch. in a game with less reliable damage and unpredictable movement, spam is usually more powerful and the team with more spam will usually win. a mccree vs 3 heroes is super hard to clutch against unless youre a god mccree because three people tossing a wall of damage his way is 100x easier than mccree clicking perfectly on 3 heads multiple times when movement prediction is already so unreliable. dont get me wrong. in every game the 1v3 would probably go to the 3, and if the team plays properly it always should, but the odds of clutching are so much lower in OW. tbh, i think were just now seeing top pros hitting the mechanical ceiling of OW. not because it has more depth but because it is just messy and unpredictable. thats why dps players are just now having to out think one another.
It doesn't have to do with PC. It is a game mechanic. When people have criticized this game for no movement accel and decel, they're criticizing the game for not having a proper inertia system. Any shooter you have virtually ever played, has some small, maybe even unnoticeable amount of deceleration, at least enough to prevent full speed strafing. In Overwatch, you can be moving in one direction at 100% max speed and *instantaneously* start walking backwards at 100% max speed. I don't care about realism in gaming because it has nothing to do with being competitive but that isn't how movement works with any body ever. Thats why strafing is so hard to hit in this game and movement is so fundamentally unpredictable. Even in the old COD games or Halo you could not strafe back and forth at max speed. It may be a fraction of a second but your character doesn't instantly move the other direction. It doesn't have to be noticeable. The only thing that is noticeable is that while strafing is possible it doesn't look like someone is teleporting in place like in OW. Doesn't matter if you're moving with sticks or keys on a keyboard, however, it is easier to spam on a keyboard since you're not having to toggle a stick back and forth as fast as you can. Keys are binary. You're either pressing them or you're not. No middle ground. So the second you let off one key, you can tap the other. In most games you still are somewhat limited by how fast you can strafe but in OW you can spam keys and twitch all over the screen. Hence why this subreddit sees just about a clip every two months of a pro just toying with another pro on a hitscan hero, not even shooting back but just toying with them by strafing. Of course pro movement will be even better than if you or I just tried to ADAD spam, but it illustrates the point of how when someone focuses on being unhittable it makes them outrageously hard to hit.
I would argue dodging is simply lower skill floor than aiming. The average player cannot move or aim like Striker but the average scrub can ADAD spam and get much more similar impact and outcome in comparison to Striker's movement than they can aim and get similar outcome compared to Striker's aim. In fact I could probably show my mom how to tap A and D alternately very fast with the occasional CTRL and she could probably juke a lot of shots from excellent hitscan players with years of shooter experience. But even a player with 10x better aim than me, who is 100s of times better than my mom, couldn't come close to most good hitscan players in aiming. Thats my problem with it. The skill floor allows even new players to counter people with fantastic skill the same way a mercy res can counter a fantastic widow shot where someone was out of position and didn't respect your widow. You literally got outdone and outplayed by someone pressing E. They aren't equivalent. Not to mention perfect aiming is a pretty controlled and intentional thing. Technically if you wanted to make it even more of a game about movement you could increase every hero's base speed by 2x and make every hitbox way smaller. But that wouldn't make it more competitive. It would make it more random. And thats the issue. Movement spam adds a sense or RNG. I hesitate to say one is not better than the other. I fundamentally disagree. One requires hard work and has a predictable outcome whereas the other has a massively lower skill floor, easily a lower skill ceiling as well, and the more you increase it you add more RNG. I may be biased because I'm from the portion of the OW community that has a shooter background rather than a MOBA background, but I think they went for "a game of dodging" over "a game of aiming" because "a game of aiming" is where people have put in a decade of training to hit their potential and "a game of dodging" is a lot more welcoming to casual players. Thats my 2 cents at least. And the point about less predictable movement favoring projectile is a pretty reasonable concept. The less reliable movement, the more dominant you find spam. When people can reliably click on heads, most people just master hitscan. On a fundamental level, intentionally placing shots where you want them, when you want them will always be better than the junkrat-esque "area denial" of putting damage in a general area and hope someone accidentally runs into it. Because in a 1v1 a junkrat should struggle to hit his target whereas a mccree should be able to just directly click on who he wants to kill and delete them. But in a game where predicting movement is insanely hard, aiming spam in their general direction can yield frequent damage and clicking on heads is very hard to do. This is why a Zen can ADAD spam and still aim whereas it is harder for Mccree. Mccree needs pinpoint shots but in OW projectiles are insanely forgiving. You can aim in the general direction of someone and land lucky, high burst damage shots but mccree has to *perfectly* land his clicks. Thats also why clutching is harder in OW. In a shooter with reliable mechanics, in a 1v2 or 1v3, your opponents still have to respect you because if you play around cover and land your shots, you can beat 2 and 3 people. But in OW, and any game honestly, spam gets exponentially stronger in numbers. One dude spamming zen orbs, lucio rings or junkrat rollers cant even reliably land on one dude, much less three. One mccree trying to left click on spammy, unpredictable ADAD movement can struggle to clutch against more than one opponent. But three people spamming junkrat rollers, zen orbs and lucio rings can make a wall of damage that is virtually impossible to *not* get hit by. By the way, I know a ton of people use the word "spam" but i will clarify that I define "spam" as large and forgiving projectiles that are more generally placed to do indiscriminate damage rather than precise projectiles placed to do intentionally predicted and tracked damage on a specific target. In Quake people perfectly can land rockets and from what I hear about TF2 (never played it), people can perfectly land demoman shots. But in OW, Junkrats just lay out tons of spam and hope to delete people. Thats also why his rollers are so high damage. If junk could easily place his shots, he would be insanely broken. So projectiles do crazy burst damage in this game and are fundamentally unpredictable. Also there are a *lot* of projectiles vs hitscan in this game. So half the time there is a wall of projectile damage instead of a bunch of hitscan heroes aiming for precise shots. A mccree has to look for a target and click on them. Most zens (maybe not good ones) just spam in a general direction and toss right clicks down corridors. Projectiles are harder in 1v1s, especially in the unpredictable movement of OW, but splash damage and forgiving shots are your friend when someone ADAD spams. Hitscan on a fundamental level cannot spam. You literally never accidentally headshot three people as widow or mccree but you can accidentally get a 2 or 3k down a choke as zen or in general as junkrat/pharah. This is why even though people see you as getting owned as mccree when you die to a baby D.Va or Mercy, but in all honesty if he has no flashbang, a mccree can very easily die to a baby D.Va. Especially if he is half health from just fighting her mech, she can spam ADAD and placed her bunny blaster in his general direction and he literally cannot dodge the wall of damage where as she can dodge is precise hitscan shots. Not to mention, for those who dont know, go use the bunny blaster or mercy's gun in the practice range. you can *literally* aim off of a bots head, LITERALLY missing and you will *still* do damage. You will still land shots even though your reticle is straight missing a static target. Thats what I mean by forgiving projectiles. OW is absolutely a game of spam. Thats why there is a massive dependence on healing and shields.
Of course. Which is why they would need a nerf. But every time this topic comes up, i think people underestimate how strong projectile would be. A lot of heroes would go from mostly spam to mostly aiming. In a lot of other shooters people can land crazy projectile shots just because movement is predictable. In Overwatch, a lot of projectiles are spammed in a general area. Junkrat just spams a ton of shots and hope one or two hit. For his combo he has to land *one* roller when he spams more than one a second. Imagine when Zens, Pharahs, etc., start looking like Quake characters or demomen from TF2 and can land the majority of their shots. The projectiles are such high burst damage in this game *because* they are spammy. I would almost guarantee if movement accel/decel was added into this game, rather than mccree becoming op you would see a lot of insane hanzos and tracer would 1 clip even more people. dont get me wrong, mccree would be insane. but damage across the board would need to be less bursty. The game was built around no movement accel, decel. So of course adding it out of nowhere would break the game. Everything would need to be reworked.
lots of people considered him largely as the best sombra in the world. not sure what that dude is talking about.
The thing is Junkrat is supposed to specialize in area denial. Anything that has ever excelled in area denial is typically spammy and unreliable when being directly pressured. But Junkrat's mines make him so strong he can literally use a mine to jump in or just walk up and gib people with his mine. He is ridiculous. Not to mention the spam is making this game unbearable for me. And his ult is absolutely retarded for how fast it charges. On IronAids's twitch one of his top clips ever was him using a tire and getting another one *TEN SECONDS* later. Absolutely the stupidest thing ive ever seen in a competitive esport. And how long it is taking him to be knocked down a peg is verging on incompetence.
Mercy is also there to res unlucky spam deaths before a fight really starts so you dont have to be staggared and burn your clock waiting for another fight. I dont think people realize how different this mercy has made the game. Back in the day people would legit consider burning res, an *entire ult*, on a tempo res to get another fight in. One kill is enough to stagger a team. mercy undid that. but she also came at the same time as the spam meta. people are dying to random and unlucky deaths more than ever before. not having a mercy and literally having to start over because of random spam is going to be far more impactful than it ever has before. mercy didnt simply complement junkrat. she also countered him in a way. his ridiculously cheap picks could be undone.
There are so many things in this game that if were removed this would be my only game. Do you know how hyped I would be if a few key heroes were removed along with 2cp? I would be happy to queue. But right now the game is so much less fun. I really wish I had a PC early in the game's lifecycle. I played on PS4 back then and honestly that was funner than what I have now.
eh. i dont cater to people with not enough time. id rather contribute to decent discussion rather than soundbites for the lazy tbh. thanks for reading.
Not sure what youre implying. Battalion is actually a very exciting project that a lot of people are hyped over. Considering average gamers seem to be around late teens or very early 20s, i assume I'm in the "older" end of gamers these days (turn 26 this year) and Battalion is claiming to be a return to shooters that were popular when people my age were younger (mostly the cod2 competitive scene). A lot of older people or people who played older shooters are very excited for that game. Grego recently said on stream that he is leaving Overwatch and is going all in on Battalion. Zombs was recently criticizing Overwatch in his stream as not fun anymore either and I know he plans to try out Battalion. Reaver has pretty much stopped streaming Overwatch and was half joking telling Zombs to join his Battalion team. Last week during the closed beta the coach for Dallas Fuel was playing the beta with Reaver. Flame mentioned interest in trying it out (GM for Houston Outlaws) to play casually on the side. Kixstar, the most well known R6 Siege caster and former pro who was on one of the first teams to win the pro league for that game said on his stream that he was somewhat excited for it (while airing his doubts about its upcoming esport scene, to be fair). Shroud literally just said on stream about an hour or two ago that he was super excited for it. There are lots of people that are expressing interest in the game, whether in a casual way or as a serious esport future for themselves. Its claims to be a return to more traditional shooter values where if your mechanics are good and your game sense is good, you should be rewarded. Overwatch is a heavy departure from that and is the reason so many shooter fans really are yearning for a good shooter atm. So many people are rightfully hyped about that game. Not sure why there is a "lolwut" about it. Just because Blizzard just launched OWL doesn't mean its gods gift to esports. I love OW. I want it to get better. I've put an insane amount of time into this game and at this point in time its really the only game I play. I probably had around 1500 hours in Siege and I virtually completely quit the game for this game. But many pros and players are rightfully frustrated with this game. For how heavily Overwatch is criticized by the broad esports community, the snobbery you find in this sub is actually kind of astounding. The inaugural meta in OWL involved two of possibly the worst designed, least competitive characters I've ever seen in an esport. Its understandable why this game gets criticism and I usually ask people who dont play it to give it a little credit because while I understand the criticism, there is a lot of depth to it and room for crazy mechanical plays. However, when I see people talk about how "objectively" bad of an esport PUBG (Ive literally seen it on multiple occasions called "objectively" bad here...) has to be because its boring or whatever and see xQc talk trash about games like CSGO which is a historical esport, it really does make this community look idiotic. There are criticisms anyone can level at other games. Many, many, many people who have traditionally been into esports cant understand how people like this game. Its very controversial. I would expect a small degree of humility from this sub when discussing other esports but people seem very close minded. Hate to say it but its most reasonable to just chalk it up to the fact that the Overwatch community at large is very casual and most dont care about esports so smaller esports or more traditional ones seem like easy targets. I mean calling PUBG just straight bad is pretty nonsense since an inconceivable number of people love it. Many people don't see a future for themselves in OW. Apparently Zave didn't either. Battalion is a new esport, based on a concept that already has a lot of passion behind it and is therefore generating a buzz even though its slated total launch isnt until December, literally 11 months from now. Getting in early and grinding right away seems like a good investment if you don't see a future for yourself in OW. Not sure why thats laughable.
I mean the dude was actually a pretty good DPS even though he was known for his Lucio. Lots of people don't see a future for themselves in this game and it isn't simply because they aren't good enough. Anyone who even remotely cares about the competitive integrity of this game would rightfully be more concerned about the lack of a grassroots scene instead of just saying "get good retard". Blizzard took a hardcore scorched earth approach with anything grassroots at all. No idea how anyone could be even remotely condescending to a fair criticism of this approach.
And thats all you should be expected to do as a player. Its not a religion to evangelize for. Grinding a game and looking for competition is how a game should grow. But many people are struggling to find that in OW. I plan on grinding Battalion out of the gate. I've played competitive games but I've never been an early adopter who grinded early and got in quick. I was hesitant with OW and Siege and my passion grew after the game was established. I feel I missed out on the early seasons of OW when everyone loved it and I was still on console. So I also plan on grinding it early and enjoying the competition. Whether Im a scrub at that game or can do well, I plan on seeing where that takes me. Nothing more, nothing less. Its hard to even enjoy the ladder in OW. I just want to learn and improve but I feel like every game is borderline trolling. If nothing else, the hope that hard work ethic will pay off excites me. Effect already seems like proof enough that if ladder is your end goal, hard work gets you nothing here.
Junk has no movement skills? Are you serious?
Does the old clip of him trashing his team's skins even still exist? Can't find it. EDIT: ayye. found it. literally one of the funniest clips ive ever seen: https://www.reddit.com/r/Competitiveoverwatch/comments/7s6fqa/la_valiant_unkoes_thoughts_on_official_team/
Positioning, in my opinion, doesnt get more important the less mechanical aiming your hero requires. It gets more important the lower mobility you are. While that sounds like I'm saying Winston actually doesn't require positioning skills, what makes him different is he is a tank. There is a fine line between feeding and making space with tanks. Not aggressive enough and you make no space and your team cant move. Too aggressive and you get shredded. His emphasized gamesense demand for positioning isnt based on mechanics but his nature as a tank. No different than Rein for me. However, people's fixation on Winston's need for positioning and not positioning for low mobility heroes is a little lop sided for me. McCree, Zen and Ana get punished outlandishly hard for poor positioning whereas half the cast can just jump, fly, dash, blink, teleport, etc, away.
I accept that now that this information has come to light. At the start it sounded like Blizzard made an executive decision based on nothing other than past events. I admit its fair now that this is out in the open.
Seriously. Why would people want to play against even more awkward hitboxes.
I know if I say this people are going to say "just quit the game then" but the "champions" aspect of this game is by far the worst part of it. I just love quake and want to play quake. But I despise all of these cheesy abilities. Looks like the devs wanted to keep up with garbage like Overwatch honestly and add in easy and forgiving abilities for those who cant adjust to the shooter aspect or just would rather quit than improve.
I mean for starters, games don’t survive without a community. I considered just playing quake live but it’s steam population barely breaks 400 every day so that’s not exactly sustainable or high quality. I’d rather have a new game be high quality than play an old game. Two, I came from Overwatch. I played it two years. I mostly have always played shooters and Overwatch I played since launch. That game is nothing but adapting to abilities. I enjoyed coming to quake because it has always been a shooter known as a high skill shooter. It still is but it’s just got gimmicky and ez abilities now like all casual games do. I find it sad that I have to break it down for you but the “adapt and get over it” mindset is the most void and empty argument you can ever make. It will literally always be said even when something is objectively overpowered and it refuses to make criticisms about balance, skill indexing, or quality of gameplay. It’s a joke of a statement considering we all have “adjusted” to whatever it is we have to put up with. But that doesn’t make it any less cheap, gimmicky and casual which is what most easy and cheesy abilities are in most casual shooters these days. And the dev probably added in champions because they knew a competitive shooter based on skill and mechanics is less popular today so you just make every single thing based on easy abilities and make the game nothing but “playing around abilities”. And I don’t even mind that design. But it’s sad to see in quake. It would be the same as Counterstrike: Champions being a thing.
I said that very competitive shooters built around mechanics are falling out of favor a lot. Esports that are hard to learn are falling out of favor because there are easier and more casual options. That’s why champions were added because ez and strong abilities outside of the typical shooter design are popular and attractive to new and casual players. That’s why most shooters are steadily “hero shooters” now. The new call of duty (black ops 4) for Christ’s sake is going to be character based. None of that is contradictory. You just didn’t follow.
Variety does not necessitate panic button abilities, low skill abilities, or just pulling out a second gun and having an objective advantage other than making certain situations blatantly easier for new players.
Never said I was the expert. Just looking at obvious trends. Most big shooters today aside from BRs are hero shooters. They all have abilities that grow easier and cheaper as the lifespan of the game grows. And of course new players don’t stand a chance. That’s *more of a reason to add cheesy abilities*. So new players won’t instantly quit. And your last statement makes zero sense. It’s actually astounding how hard all of this is for you to comprehend.
Who is even in a position to tell who wins? They’re all on different stories. No one has the angle to see if the results are close.
I don’t know what’s going on in this sub for you to get such retarded answers but I would be interested if you got a real answer too.
Sure. And there will always be crime too but it will always be worse in areas where people are poor. That does not negate his point. You want to reduce crime, locking people in jail is less effective that relieving poverty. Banning left and right isnt going to stop those players who are strapped from boosting. You can say all day there will always be a supply to meet the demand but its flat out wrong that a struggling pro scene doesnt create more players willing to stoop that low.
I haven’t tried the FK but wanted a shape like it forever but couldn’t justify paying $60 for a mouse with those switches. I’ll even put up with the sensor and coating. But no omrons is the biggest breaking point for me. But recently I got the Nixeus Revel and I am totally willing to sing it’s praises. For the past year I haven’t had a mouse that I have straight loved and just picking up that mouse my aim (mostly play quake champions) was immediately great and I’ve never had that happen with a new mouse. And it’s got a new sensor, omrons, and there are 3 coating options (I chose matte and it’s nothing like the zowie coating, no sweat really). All the quality control concerns I’ve seen most people consider rectified with the most recent models and mine has zero issues (so far). Still want to try the DM1 Pro S as an FK alternative but I am 110% happy with the revel. Best of all it’s like $30. But let’s just hope Zowie remake of the fk series doesn’t have coil whine, has new switches and a better coating. But considering the ec-b line was just the same mouse with a better sensor but brought in new QC issues, I wouldn’t hold my breath:/
I’ve thought about doing it too but I’ve heard it’s bad for low sens and your mouse can run over the paracord:/ I don’t feel like I get a fair impression of paracording because the only posts that get upvoted about it on this sub are just hype posts.
Have the devs even acknowledged this? I hate how those things have no hitmarker or feedback at all if you hit them and their health pool literally seems like it is randomly generated. Sometimes you tap them away and sometimes you have to fire like two rockets.
Still could use hitmarkers and people have acknowledged before that those things have awkward hitboxes at any point in time. They seem super inconsistent. But I agree it was spawn protection in this instance.
My accuracy is pretty decent. But my KD is trash apparently lol. https://stats.quake.com/compare/rapha,toxjq,VP.cYpheR,GAASH
This is actually important and people never talk about it and there aren’t a ton of resources on it. If you look up any desk ergonomics health wise (not for gaming specifically), it is recommended that your shoulders should be relaxed and your arms can still bend at a 90 degree angle onto your desk. By those rules, most people have way too high of a desk. And it affects aim in my opinion. Especially if you arm aim, your forearm constantly hitting the edge of a desk that’s too tall is hell. I specifically got an IKEA desk with adjustable height so I could go below 30 inches. But even just those fold out white tables that you see at events and stuff (the legs fold inward, then the table itself folds in half, and they often times have a handle) are usually like 29 inches tall which is a great height and they’re dirt cheap for good desk space (I used a 6 foot one but wanted a 5 foot one, just unfortunately didn’t have any at my Walmart). But I’ve even asked pros/streamers on streams before if desk height is important and a few have said it absolutely is. Too tall of a desk is awful. But I would also keep in mind that the type of chair you have could exacerbate the issue. I don’t have anything nice. Just a normal desk chair. But it gets me up to the desk. I wouldn’t use any of those crappy desk chairs that are super low.
I love the revel. It’s fantastic. Never had such good aim with a mouse.
Many of Logitech’s mice have the “G-Shift” function on their software. It’s literally what you’re asking for. Hold the button and it “shifts” to an alternate DPI and when you let go it goes back to the previous DPI the same way a shift key on a keyboard works. Only active while you hold. I know that the Logitech software has allowed me to do that on the G-Pro and my G403. So most of Logitech’s mice probably allow for it, especially any of their modern, flagship mice. So you could likely get any logitech mouse. But consider looking up the mouse and make sure it’s G-Shift capable. But I almost guarantee it is.
The g903 I believe has buttons on both sides and is ambidextrous. It’s a super popular and beloved mouse. The buttons are awesome. The biggest thing is that the mouse is very pricey. It’s like over $100. But the only downside I could think of is that it is pretty heavy. But on the upside it is famed for one of the first top tier wireless mice. But other than that, I don’t know about having the buttons on both sides alongside being ambidextrous. The g305/203/gpro (all the same shape, just different releases and sensors, etc) is liked by a lot of people and it is tiny, can be wireless, is light and is ambidextrous but no buttons on both sides. I’m sure some of their less mainstream mice have a lot more buttons but I can’t guarantee it will be ambidextrous with buttons on both sides. Your shape fits the Zowie FK series but I don’t think they have software that offers something like the g-shift feature and the side buttons are one or the other. Both sides aren’t active at once:/ So if I was you I would look into the g900 series.
I would guarantee. Thats their top of the line mouse and its very new. One of their flagship mice.
Yeah that’s true. I do the same. I just want to not spend half my time queueing so my stats are distorted as well.
For real? Why? What’s the advantage?
I would too. I hate how many games these days just pile in a million players. Its not fun and just makes too much chaos.
Nah dude. The drops are heavily tweaked. I used to get gold rarity stuff all the time. A couple weeks before the patch I saved up. Had over 150 backpacks/chests/reliquaries. Opened the chests and reliquaries and stopped at half the backpacks. Opened probably over 100 in total. I think I got maybe 3 golds in TOTAL. A handful of purples. All else was trash tier. Got ONE weapon... and it was the only lightning gun I've crafted with shards... Yikes. So much for no dupes. The grind for any cosmetic is horrendous to the point that I'm just disregarding them all in all. I typically dont even care about cosmetics but if its a game I really enjoy, cosmetics can be a fun addition to toy with. Now its just so obviously a f2p grind scheme theyre laying the groundwork for. Time to withdraw all recognition that cosmetics even exist in this game and never care about them again.
Not when you’re spending 10 minutes playing a mode you didn’t want to play. No thanks. I’ll take my 6 minutes of queue time alt tabbed doing other things to play what I want instead of flipping a coin to play a game mode I didn’t even want to.
Agreed. Spam weapons in games are cancer. The more unreliable devs make weapons, the more often they get ramped up in power to compensate which creates a fundamentally luck based weapon/kit. Either you do nothing or almost accidentally gib someone a la Junkrat in Overwatch. Pitiful design made even less fun to play against and not really anymore enjoyable to use.
This single handedly is going to erode my enjoyment of this game. Chaotic randomness is NOT competitive and is NOT fun. What a horrible decision.
And it’s quake where even in pub tdm you typically stomp people if you know how to play the game. Not just fire spam wherever you spawn and get lucky kills and unlucky deaths because map control and movement gets virtually negated by the utter chaos.
I honestly considered buying quake live because of this patch. How is the transition?
Man. I’ve really been wanting to try swapping to quake live. I’m just weary when I see that the community on steam is like 400 people:/
I mean I am new to quake and QC is my first quake and I have told people since I started that the thing I hate the most about quake champions is the champions part. I think it’s a gimmick and it’s been the main reason I’ve considered going to quake live. Could I get an invite to those discord servers? I may hit up QL tonight.
They made matchmaking into “playlists”. You don’t check what you want. You sign up either for “team” queue or “solo” queue. Team is team based game which luckily is only tdm at the moment because they removed sacrifice (sorry for your loss if you played the mode) and solo queue is a mix of ffa and insta. You don’t choose to queue for one or the other. It presents a map+game mode vote that the lobby selects. You queued for insta but others queued ffa? Too bad. You queued ffa but others queued insta? Still too bad. Maybe you used to queue tdm, insta and ffa or just ffa and a solo play mode together? Not anymore. Literally can’t. Not to mention they added the 2v2 maps to an EIGHT player game mode... so if you were looking to warm up your aim on insta, congrats, you’re now alternating spawn killing and spawn dying on a map way too small for the number of players on a made you did t queue for. Have fun.
I think we’re just sol. I stockpiled over 150 boxes and bought like 80+ with the 200k favor the game gave us. I got almost nothing. One weapon skin I already had. No character cosmetic I wanted. Literally about 12-15 chests and I’d say around 8-9 reliquaries, the rest backpacks. They utterly ruined drop rates this patch. They completely smothered any interest for cosmetics out of me this patch. How long until I’m able to blow through 200+ lootboxes again? All to get nothing? Yikes. They dashes any excitement of being given, say, one chest for leveling up. It’s so obvious they’re trying to shape this cosmetic system into a money grabbing scheme so they inevitably made it as anti-consumer as possible. These random loot systems are built off of minimized individual autonomy and hoping you waste money *not getting what you want* before you eventually do or don’t at all (gambling). Kind of regret opening them because this surely has to be patched because the drop rates feel nonexistent. I blew through over *200* and only have some runes as the mark of gain to show for it. Got so many duplicates and low tier garbage. Could probably count the golds and purples on a single hand and all the blue rarity on two hands. What an absolute joke.
I think that would actually be a good idea. I dont care a ton about there being an 8 man mode. I just want a proper number of people per map.
2 reliquaries you say? Can’t wait for three duplicates, a gauntlet shader and two name plates.
You’re right. Let’s hide all criticisms of the game so it will grow. A process that every new game undergoes when it’s new to shape it in the right direction. *Especially* competitive ones. You know another way to bring in new players? Fix concerns that people hear from the player base and improve the game. The idea that we should hide our complaints to keep a game from failing is absolutely pathetic. If new people don’t want to try your game and your current player base hates what you’re doing with your game, your game deserves to fail. They’re not entitled for the unhappy player base to play PR/marketing damage control. Another good way of attracting players is to look like a competitive game where the devs listen to the player base and respond to issues. A disconnected dev team from a competitive game is one of the most frustrating things you can experience. People literally quit games after recognizing for too long that a dev team is always never making the right changes. Criticize what sucks and if it doesn’t get better then odds are the game should die. No one here owes this game anything.
My bad duder.
Business? Many “businesses” do it a lot better. Overwatch has a pretty trashy loot system and even it allows you to buy what you want with left over currency from duplicates. So no. It’s not just “business”. It’s making a change that is deliberately anti consumer.
I’m pretty sure he’s showing the rarity. Reliquaries are supposed to contain a lowest minimum rarity.
I honesty decided already to only grind time challenges once I unlock every rune on a champion. But I’m so ridiculously far away from that so it will just not even be a concern for me for now. The amount of loot box fodder they create is insane though. 40 runes for all those champions. So it will be a while before I ever even worry about any rune challenges.
This is my biggest issues. Games like Overwatch get away with casual pandering because they actually made a casual game. Taking quake, one of the hardest games to get into and *slightly* casualizing it does no good and only bad. It pisses competitive players off and still isn’t enough to make the game “accessible” like Overwatch.
I mean people knock that game but building has a skill ceiling as high as a game like quake. You can’t build, you will just lose.
Seriously. This was what I was most hyped for with this patch ever since they announced bots. They’re pretty retarded in multiplayer and in almost every game their primary purpose is tutorials or training. Such a ridiculously backwards implementation process.
It would be a much more reasonable environment to test them in than multiplayer then. Especially since bots are typically used for training purposes in almost every game rather than replacing normal people. Especially when your bots are still super rough. They just feed the enemy team right now.
Me too. Pretty annoyed that this was all a blatant waste and now that the devs are even acknowledging that this was too low by hitfixing it, they aren’t compensating anyone for opening a premium product they actually *sell*. Just a perfect example of why paying for randomized loot boxes are a scam. You paid for these two days ago and you legit got robbed. What a joke.
Yeah. Honestly loot box gaming is the most cancerous trash in existence. Hate on fortnite all you want but I would rather roast kids for paying for $10 and $15 skins in which they didn’t gamble and actually *got what they wanted* rather than grind away at an obviously anti-consumer loot system. ~250 lootboxes earning me virtually nothing is all the proof I need that I will never spend a single dime on this games loot system. I don’t mind paying to support a game. I mind a game trying to scam me by asking me to gamble and waste money all while (hopefully for them) not even getting what i wanted to pay for. It’s blatantly anti-consumer. I’d feel actually respected being treated like a customer who is able to buy exactly what you’re selling me without all the scammy trash. I’ve never in my life paid for a loot box and I never will. I have a job. I don’t mind supporting a game I like and want to grow. I do mind devs hoping to pull money out of me via a scam. Will never get a cent from me via that trash.
I don’t mind the bots being a work in progress. But here’s how I see it: In most games I play that have bots, they typically provide a high level of usefulness in terms of practicing mechanics. That’s awesome given that most of the time they’re there as practice targets. In the vast minority of shooters I’ve played have bots been of any use in multiplayer. Likely because they’re extremely hard to present in a useful way. If it feeds, that’s unfair. If it does nothing, it serves no purpose. If it frags too hard, having a bot is an unfair advantage. If it performs on a hard average of how your team performs, essentially only 3 people have to provide consistency and it’s will be a static variable, making less opportunity for failure. They’re just simply awkward to balance. Not to mention they have to be very well implemented to even begin serving a purpose in the first place. The one that I had in my lobby committed *suicide* 4 times. I’ve seen multiple bots with an end score of 0 or less. That’s adding *nothing* to your team. But then they feed 20 kills. Not to mention they’re just walking into walls half the time. So you have two options, test them on live multiplayer or test them in training lobbies, in their toughest form. The first option presents a lot of liabilities and runs the risk of making matches actually *worse* while also adding *nothing of benefit*. Adding them to bot lobbies for training, even if the bots are really weak right now, still provide a massive quality of life contribution. So one contributes a lot regardless of the bot’s early implementation. The other contributes little and has a vast negative impact for them to not work well.... So why would you release them in a test state into multiplayer and only allow us to use them on our own once they’re perfected? If anything private lobbies could have been the training ground where people would have used them regardless of their state and paid attention to the performance. That way it serves a purpose while also providing feedback for their future implementation into MP. They basically didn’t give us a QOL feature because it wasn’t ready but it’s so not ready that they added it into the multiplayer and made many matches far less fun. Honestly at this point they should just pull them from multiplayer and add them to custom lobbies until they’re improved. NOT vice versa.
You have zero ping my dude? Congrats
The spawns are seriously atrocious. Even in a 4v4, only four people on the enemy team, you can STILL spawn in front of two people occasionally on big maps... and they added even SMALLER maps to the big game modes. What an absolute joke.
Only for multiplayer. You can’t practice against them in a custom game or anything. They just “fill” empty spots in matches. And by empty spots, it means if you queue at 11:00 or later on east coast US, 50% of your lobby will be bots instead of just giving you a little longer queue for real games.
How about just put them in private lobbies where they’re the most useful and the least harmful as a reasonable test ground before allowing them to ruin actual matches? Zero knowledge about programming bots to see that as reasonable.
I know man. But games these days in general are very radio-music like in the sense that people don’t have “battles to fight” so to speak. People don’t care about competitiveness, don’t care about the loot scams, don’t care about garbage game design, etc. It all just feels decadent. As much as I agree with you, there is zero consciousness towards defending aspects of old games at all. The only “gamer consciousness” that exists is the vocal “anti-SJW” gamers because obviously the rest of the world doesn’t enjoy approving of racist/sexist/homophobic rejects. Try criticizing loot box scams. Try criticizing casualization of games. Try criticizing any aspect of modern game design and BEST case scenario you may get a discussion but the majority of the time it’s written off. People don’t even like difficult games anymore so most people aren’t making them or filling them with ez, cheap and gimmicky abilities and hoping the loot grind keeps them coming back.
Yeah. It’s because they aimbot and are stupid. The few times they actually start tracking they will LG you in half a second. The rest of the time they’re walking into corners and off the map.
Its quake. Im sorry but who comes to an fps like quake and doesnt expect to get stomped. What happened to the time period where performing badly was motivation to improve. I have always wanted to play against better people than me in every game i have ever played. Any opportunity i have ever gotten was a great learning experience. Ive always been a competitive player so I always take poor performance as motivation to grind and I never want to play bad opponents. When I first started gaming I got stomped and it forced me to improve. I actually have loved that about starting quake. I love playing good players. Ive watched myself get better over the past month or two. This is my first quake game and actually making people learn the game is a breath of fresh air. Not to mention the matches arent feeling more balanced just by half way filling them with utterly intolerably bad bots and making matches chaotic on tiny maps. the tiny maps cause snowballing harder than ive ever seen in quake because it feels impossible to rebuild a stack or hunt for weapons after half your team has died and the enemy team can just continue to roll. its much harder to slow momentum down when losing when the game is trashy chaos and spam damage everywhere. I dont feel like its fair to pretend that this patch made match quality better by even the most remote principles.
well i just watched a prominent OW streamer play a tdm match against a full team of bots. didnt see him die once. its a possibility dude:(
His talent is wasted in OWL tbh. He was even complaining about how bad of an experience OW comp mode is and how he enjoyed playing a game that “required skill”. Didn’t think OWL player were allowed by contract to bad mouth OW like that. Hope quake is substantial enough that people like him can leave. The dude was rusty at champions and still looked like a god last night. I’d love to see him with proper grinding as this as his main game.
Yeah. Last night I had some of the longest queues I’ve ever had in this game and half my matches had pointless bots. In IDDQD’s stream he played a match of TDM against FOUR BOTS. What a joke. I don’t see how that is a positive result.
Yeah. I’m sure that minimum 50k a year to hang out and play games that you know won’t matter because you will never play on stage is nice and easy going. Just not sure if he will get dropped soon. I know some too dude with the Shock said to Jayne recently something about not able to make IDDQD work out. I hope the dude gets to actually use his talent somewhere. He’s being squandered.
I use 1-3-1 with fingertip and have never accidentally hit a dpi button. Definitely a grip issue that isn’t inherent to 1-3-1. Not knocking it. I understand some people have different issues than others. But 1-3-1 doesn’t explain hitting one of the hardest buttons on a mouse to accidentally hit.
This looks nothing like the shape of the FK. Didn't people hype this as an FK clone? How so at all?
It is very rounded and looks pretty tall. The only thing 90% of people look for in an FK clone in the low profile since that’s what sets the FK apart. Look at ANY popular FK clone that is popular for that reason. They all get that low profile, low hump, central hump placement at least similar to make fingertip natural. This just looks nothing like an FK and people are letting their hype run them away. We haven’t even heard word that it was intended to be anything like an FK. We just heard babybay make a comparison of the mouse to HIS old FK, which anyone could make comparisons to their old mouse.
I’m in the 30s and I absolutely love playing god players. I just want to improve. Getting dumpstered is actually one of my favorite parts of playing quake. I hate most competitive games now a days and I just want to play a competitive shooter and keep grinding against gods. I understand that isn’t for everyone though. When I started this game (also my first quake) I was getting stomped every game too. But most people made it sound like that’s just how quake is since it’s so hard.
Brigitte’s role seems very weird in this. People don’t dive because the enemy team just puts in Brigitte and then dive struggles, right? So people don’t run Brigitte because there are better comp options but the counterplay to that comp isn’t run because the enemy team *may* run Brigitte as *its* counter? Am i understanding this meta correctly?
Failed miserably against shields??? Hog has literally been one of the most powerful shield destroyers in the game until we had Junkrat appearing in almost every match.
Play dive and you will see Brigitte. So people don’t run dive, so no need to run her. She’s such a hard counter people don’t bother trying to run that play style so there isn’t a reason to run her to counter it.
What? But regardless of what bastion counters, he isn’t disrupting the entire game whether picked or not. Come on dude. You’re playing dumb. You know Brigitte flipped this entire game as everyone else does.
didnt she used to pass out 50 in shields to everyone? she was really strong like that for a little while and then it was nerfed down to 25 and that was enough to make her useless.
Then it was likely beta. At some point they were 50. I played at release and it wasn’t at 50 then either.
Only thing about this excuse is that no criticism of a game ever factors into it. I’ve had lots of games I left in good spirits because I moved on and many I have left feeling frustration and look back on the game negatively. While you may very well be right that it’s just burnout, always saying it’s burnout just looks past the issue that it could be frustration from the game and always implies that it surely isn’t that.
You are so insanely wrong. That bubble buff and D.Va’s matrix buff simply inaugurated dive. They were outrageously powerful and having a lot more shield uptime is significant to anyone who isn’t clueless.
Yeah. People don’t talk about this much but double jump is sort of broken. When it comes to scaling far jumps, the dude barely even needs to know strafe jumping and just gets like double survivability against rockets. I honestly think everything about doom is so stupid. When I play lockbox and I have to land a circle jump or something to get the quad or protection and a doom just casually hops over, it just kind of irritates me how ez mode he is. It’s fine if you want to make an easy intro champion but I hate that the is just as easily to effectively play as other champs alongside the impact of his absurd berserk ability. It’s so dumb.
Sorlag doesn’t even instakill in instagib last I heard. Her ability doesn’t kill.
I can use the tribolt to that effect and it feels very spammy and unfair. People who blindly defend it are more often than not bad players who want to keep abusing it.
I don’t know how it’s hard to comprehend that we’re talking about balance and game design. Regardless of how stupidly designed or OP something is, what you said always is true which means you didn’t communicate with the issue at all. It shouldn’t be that spamming with that much reward.
So why bother trying, right? What a joke.
So even more chaos? That doesn’t solve anything. The issue is it is spammy and shouldn’t be in this form. It should require more effort. The work people go through to defend stuff instead of critically engaging about it proves people just want it desperately to stay like this.
thanks! that explains why i saw him doing it with anarki. why does air control allow them to even do that? i dont really get why only they dont need to.
I would rather all the abilities be like visor’s and nyx’s. Something strong but requires game sense and execution. Keel is utterly retarded. Occasionally just spam F while in the middle of a fight and maybe get an instagib. Ranger just press F to win a fight. Sorlag doesn’t guarantee anything but it’s still a stupid panic button that blinds and damages someone over time. BJ is probably the stupidest idea because you just play the game no different but just get an objective advantage. Doom is retarded like everyone knows so no explanation needed. Just a bunch of ez mode abilities that really take zero outplay. I never feel oppressed by a visor or nyx unless they’re actually good players. Any scrub can occasionally get some cheap kill with the others. Today I played a match in which TWO rangers used their abilities on me within probably 2 seconds of each other. One teleported into me and I shot for maybe one second before being gibbed by his teammate. That’s the stupidest part of this game. That’s not tactical. That’s not skilled. It’s just gimmicks to make the game feel more accessible to casual players.
I use the matte version with 1-3-1 sort of fingertip-ish. Until there is a decent FK2 on the market that isn’t premium priced for a mouse that is behind the curve on every market standard at this point, it’s probably going to stay my go to mouse. I love it’s shape so much.
The weapons stuff is so dumb. Old quake games would give you choices to hide weapons apparently. I only use the weapons that are centered just for the singular reason of normal ones hiding part of my screen. The fact that you now have to grind lootboxes for that privilege is utterly retarded. Thank god I played enough to grind shards before this patch. But most communities are too casual nowadays to care about that sort of thing. Hopefully one day they at least let us center, left or right position every weapon. That way you don’t have to depend on lootboxes for that. They shouldn’t market loot box grind by making some stuff look good because it takes up less screen space which is the only reason many of us prefer those skins.
I mean the sensor is a principle thing that it’s overpriced. But the main reason I don’t use that is I HATE huenos. I played with the ec2-a for a long time and then swapped to logitech mice for a while and when I came back to my ec2-a I just hated it. I tried it for a long time to get used to it (I didn’t prefer the shape of either of my logitech mice) and even though I love the shape of my ec2-a, I just see the switches as straight inferior and the coating trash compared to logitech and my revel. I want to use the FK2 so badly but the huenos are unusable to me and I’m not swapping to that mouse at that price point for issues as well as lagging industry standards when the mouse should be due for a remake soon (even though the ec series was loaded with QA issues so my hopes aren’t high). And I’m not holding my breath for the Logitech mouse in the works. The mouse looks NOTHING like an FK shape. I searched high and low studying side by side pictures and all types of reviews trying to find the closest thing I could to an FK and I couldn’t find anything that is super close. The sensei clones are the closest and the shots we’ve seen of the new logitech doesn’t even look close to them. The only reason people bring that mouse up is because of ONE clip of babybay comparing the mouse to his FK1 he *had* used, so that was his comparison like anyone else would do with their mouse on hand. He mentioned the hump on it and the height being taller than the FK, which is, surprise, what’s different about EVERY mouse from the FK and it’s defining characteristic that makes people like it, especially for fingertip. I don’t think that will be a good clone for the FK at all. Our best bet is still probably going to be sensei clones or waiting on zowie to remake the FK unless someone else will do it for us first. EDIT: Wrote “omrons” when I meant “huenos”.
Yeah. Pretty tilting but when the playerbase won’t even demand those expectations, the devs will never meet them. The expectations for competitive games has plummeted these days since now everything that is marketed as an esport, ESPECIALLY FPS games, is a casual-competitive fusion.
Change of sensitivity from default will involve you paying for an unlock key. One time use only.
I wish logitech would just copy the fk. Their mice are top tier. Best switches, separate clicks, best textures, etc. Their cables are their only downside aside from the questionable shapes. I feel like they shy away from safe shapes in favor of making innovative decisions. That’s not a bad choice because you may make weird shapes that people love so you’re the only one they come to. As much as people have acted like the g305 and it’s many variations are perfect, before the hype train rolled out when the wireless launched it was widely polarizing. The shape is super awkward. But the people who love it *really* love it. And I can respect that. But the result is while I love logitech quality stuff, I have yet to find any for me. I don’t like gpro shape and it’s the closest that has worked for me. G900 is cool but it’s a heavy monster. And g305 is just way too big. If it was closer to ec2-a size without the super tall hump, it would be fantastic but it’s so big and I have a small hand, prefer fingertip, and like low profile mice (hence why I’ve looked for an FK clone and the gpro works best from the Logitechs live tried). Zowie has the best shapes in my opinion and since they even have various sizes, which for some reason nearly no mice manufacturers do, the massive number of people who like small mice can get excellent shapes in small mice from them. The only bad part is zowie is trash. Behind the curve in almost every way and takes forever to move forward. I just wish someone with the quality of logitech would meet the design intentions of zowie and many people could get the mice they want. The number of people who just want only their zowie mice but with the conservative expectations that most mice on the market easily meet these days is incredible. It seems like a business would strike that untapped area. Just an FK and EC with decent specs and variable sizes and it would steal the show. I’ll check out the new logitech but I’m now expecting anything great.
They will never do that. Games these days are driven around casual clamor for cosmetics. People would lose it if others had the options of not seeing it. Not to mention if everyone shared the same hitbox, heavy champs would have and objective advantage.
And they’re insanely unrewarding. I’ve probably opened almost 300 lootboxes, obviously mostly backpacks, since the patch and I’ve gotten I believe two weapons, one a dupe. That doesn’t help the dudes point. Everything shouldn’t stay locked behind an rng wall permanently. It’s stupid and leaves people less interested in cosmetics. A way to grind gives people a reason to care about cosmetics.
Believe me dude. It’s my dream too. I wish all abilities were pure utility too instead of ez gib and panic button spam abilities
That’s stupid. Almost every game has a competitive alternative. There is no reason competitive players shouldnt seek curation of content. At the moment, this sub would need HEAVY moderation to meet even the basic standards of most competitive subs. Before the playerbase numbers spiked after the free week (which I’m grateful for), we had constant discussion about balance and state of the game. Now it’s just people saying over and over “wow dis is better than fortnite” or a picture of sorlag or something. That’s the issue. Those posts appeal to everyone, including the lowest common denominator. That means that will *always* drown out higher effort content. Because it can be more easily consumed with less controversy. That’s why people like competitive subs. Because there is real content there. And for the people who want to have fun and post silly stuff, they deserve a space for that too. This doomsday warning that the community will die comes up in *every new game’s subreddit I’ve ever seen*. And guess what. It has never even one single solitary time killed a gaming sub I have been part of. And at that point, that has been many subs. Me, like many other players, visit multiple subs for one game. You don’t have an exclusive membership to one sub or another. It’s just absurd to force people who take the game seriously to muddle through so much low quality and irrelevant content. Since the influx of players, this has become increasingly obvious and it will only get worse as it grows. It always does. *Always*. Just make sure both subs link to one another. While we’re at it, make a sub just for new players, like the Overwatch and Fortnite (pretty casual games that quake can surely match...) “university” subs because this game of any game especially is hard to get into. It doesn’t hurt anyone. It creates more community because people can find like minded players and sort by content without having to sort on the main sub for content that got buried with zero interaction (like in all main-subs for games which are primarily “community hubs” so to speak rather than places for real and focused content). Please don’t drag this process out like R6 Siege did. It makes the competitive community feel like a desert for real content. When I played that game a lot I felt like I never got to actually discuss balance or game design, making me feel like I had less actual involvement in a competitive community aside from friends, because the main sub was a wasteland of memes. Then after a while it took an eternity for a competitive sub to form and the pro league sub they have now is still tiny with very little content. Do not force people to have *only* a meme sub for one of the oldest, most competitive esports of all time because of fear mongering that every new game sub does and is pretty much always wrong.
Very stupid comment. Any remotely serious esport has a competitive sub because most competitive players don’t want to look at walls of memes. It’s a conservative request but instead of engaging with that you just wanted to use a buzzword to instantly make it sound like a bad idea. “Safe space” is the most retarded and least applicable comparison for anyone who is familiar with what main subs for any competitive game typically looks like. Zero discussion, all memes and drawings. Utterly meaningless content.
Awoken is the only good small map imo. The 2v2 maps they introduced to the 8 man playlist are miles worse than Awoken. Awoken plays pretty well to be honest.
I cannot believe that can’t comprehend that easier to consume content drowns out any real discussion. Look at the main sub for *any competitive game*. There isn’t nearly as much real discussion as in competitive subs because lowest common denominator posts get twice the upvotes. &gt; That's cool if you like spending a lot of your time surfing different subs for ONE game, but the vast majority will just tune in, click the top few links and consume what they can, and then leave. This statement *directly* defends my point because it is precisely why decent content never gets seen. As subs grow, it is almost always a guarantee that there will be more casual players than not, even for esports, and non-controversial posts and silly memes will soar over real discussions. You saying that OWL would do better with one main sub is the most outrageous thing I’ve ever seen. OWL greatly increased traffic *to the competitive sub* because it made people want to seek only OWL related content because there was next to none on the main sub, *which is my point*. The main sub was criticized from day one because almost no one there cared about esports and *no one supported discussion for it there*. It is to this day walls of memes, art and console gameplay. Not to mention you act like it is a chore to read *two subreddits*... instead of just scrolling through one filled with content you don’t care about rather than the one with the content that matters to you. You act like I have to “prove” something to you because you apparently don’t look at any gaming subreddits because almost every gaming sub has a competitive variant. You’re the one who should be backing up your claims because *youre* the one who says it splits up the community, which I’ve never seen any other gaming sub complain about, and *youre* the one who says multiple subs is a problem, which it demonstrably never has been for any game I’ve ever played and I’m sure many players here are familiar with that. It’s not a complex reason to understand. Why does most radio music sound the same whereas most underground or unique music not play on the radio as much? Why do artistic films thrive more at film festivals rather than in theatres like most cookie cutter superhero blockbusters? It’s not a confusing concept. Some stuff is catchy and easily accessible so it soars to the top while more specified content would get drowned out. So there are special avenues for more curated content. Whah if the only movie you were allowed to see had to be in theatres. What if you could ONLY listen to radio music? Surely it has to be the best content for the majority of people because at what rises to the top? Stuff that rises to the top is typically the most digestible, uncontroversial, and accessible content. Something of high quality with length will not get upvoted more than a meme. A one-sentence joke will always get more upvotes than a critical discussion on game balance. And because of that people who casually skim through the first few posts of a sub simply wont see it. So by your suggestion, people with little time to scroll through subs but *dont* care about casual content and just want discussion about the game are doomed to never see it because they will always get the most family friendly, popular stuff at the top. That’s not a complex thing to understand. The best content is not always the content that meets the most casual person. I don’t see how you’re opposed to people having the freedom to view what they want. That’s such an outrageous suggestion that *you* should be defending since your argument is the one that is the outlier for gaming subs, casual or competitive game alike. Even the first *Destiny* game had a competitive multiplayer sub...
I went on to clarify this point in extreme detail with any form of media and I know you understand that. That easier to consume content that is less controversial will get more upvotes than higher quality but less accessible posts, causing them to get drowned out. You linked a post by Monte in the compOW subreddit in which he is *literally criticizing the homogenous content in the main sub and trying to force it to be more varied because by the very nature of a general sub it isnt*. This is *defending* my point, to which the top comment that has been guilded doesn’t support forced diversifying of content. That’s the reason you have split subs. You’re just copping out because you know the is *zero* proof, especially considering you provided none, in which a sub moderated for “competitive” content has ever killed a game’s community. Because that’s a stupid statement that is totally unfounded considering the majority of games do this already with zero consequence. Why don’t you not cop out and engage my points while defending your own with proof when asked for it? This is exactly my point. This is why people want a separate sub to have real discussions instead of talking with people who evidently have zero interest in discussion. You aren’t even trying at this point because you’re deliberately not engaging with my points and accusing *me* of making a straw man. EDIT: From the very link *you provided arguing my very point*: &gt; Many of us began our time in the Overwatch community on your subreddit, laughing at gifs of ridiculous plays and becoming excited at the possibility of Terry Crews voicing Doomfist. However, these type of posts quickly grew tiresome and meaningless as similar, repetitive content devoured the front page by users seeking to acquire easy upvotes. By our calculations, made over the past few months, on average 22 out of 25 posts on the /r/Overwatch front page will be gifs, memes, jokes, or easter egg suggestions. We believe that this stifles in-depth discussion about the game itself, the competitive scene, and high-effort content that takes longer than 15 seconds to read or watch. &gt;Some might argue that people interested in more specific subjects should visit /r/CompetitiveOverwatch, /r/OverwatchUniversity, /r/Overwatched, or various other subreddits. We agree that these subs should be maintained as purely dedicated to their given topics, but these should serve as a deeper dive on a diverse field of content that should be found on /r/Overwatch. Intentional or not, /r/Overwatch functions as the primary face of the title for the vast majority of Reddit users and we believe it should shift from a monoculture to a community that reflects the wealth of content that currently gets ignored. He literally argued my *very point* in my defense and on the next paragraph went on to *defend* having a second or more subs for a “deeper dive” into curated content giving the precise two examples of subs I mentioned, specifically a competitive and “university” sub. Either you are a charlatan and hoped I wouldn’t actually look into your post or you’re incapable or engaging in discussion because you can’t understand my points because you obviously didn’t even understand them when you *linked them yourself in the first place*. Not sure which is worse. You literally already read my own argument in someone else’s words, didn’t comprehend it evidently, and then shared it to me.... as a way of defending the *opposite* of what it argues. Jesus. Christ.
Time is the biggest thing. But I think it’s fine to start one now and let it fill out.
Could you elaborate? What do you mean “because of the friction”? As far as I was aware, the dude you’re replying to is how I understood it too.
The tribolt is so easily abusable. It’s the only gun in the game I feel bad killing people with because it’s so little effort for basically erasing someone so fast. It’s not balanced.
Anyone who has played a game in third person, even if bad, uses peeking. Go play fortnite, even if you’re bad, and it’s pretty obvious. Even casual games like the first destiny you saw people using the sit or wave emote next to sniper lanes to get a quick peek. The follow up and use of the information is what’s impressive at this skill level. Just knowing to peek shouldn’t be impressive tech at any level. You learn it in one game and you know it forever.
I mean the devs aren’t hoping for the paychecks one day. The company pays them. That’s not legal to be employed and not be compensated. It’s on the company to take the risk if their product is lucrative or not as it always has been. It’s just that nowadays games are releasing early in the development process and making fat cash off of cosmetics while the game is typically in an awkward state. I’m guessing that’s why it upsets people.
Almost as if there are different people here with different opinions who upvote different ideas. It’s honestly is kind of weird.
Hitscan has always been prevalent in many, many shooters. That’s the stupidest thing. I’ve ever heard. Not to mention in most decent games, projectiles have very lenient hitboxes where as hitscan is typically far less forgiving. The projectiles *and* hitboxes are absolutely massive in this game. Stop acting like the current state of projectiles and aiming is ultra skill based. It’s probably the easiest aiming shooter I have played in years.
sarcastically? yeah. thats totally all i said. you ignored every single other thing i said. but its obvious you were never interested in engaging with anything. just spouting BS hoping no one would pressure you. "cheers".
Destiny wasn’t a competitive esport with a $20 mil league buy in. That game’s multiplayer had zero obligation to be competitively valid only to be just gimmicky enough to be fun for the lowest common denominator to sell the most copies. If it isn’t an esport, it can’t really be held to esport standards. So comparing Overwatch to that is cutting Overwatch *waaaaay* more slack than it deserves. Especially considering Destiny was a horrendously balanced game even for casual game standards.
&gt; Doesn't matter if your aiming perfectly people with the proper movement 99% of the time won't get hit. Wtf? 99% of the time? You’re kidding right? That’s absolutely not how projectiles work considering the one dodging can’t totally guess where the shot will be either. &gt; Projectiles will ALWAYS be harder to hit.... period. &gt;There is not a single actual argumentative point you could actually bring up to dispute it. Aside from the fact that almost every shooter projectiles are in have *far* more forgiving hitboxes? Are you just going to ignore that? Go play quake. It is significantly easier to spam with rockets and nail gun than it is for many people to maintain accuracy with LG. Especially considering projectiles are easier to spam with. Someone who ADAD spams can throw off hitscan aim *far* easier than projectile. Projectile you aim in their general vicinity and you can land shots on someone strafing. Hitscan requires pixel perfect aim to hit that. In OW, it is *far* easier to land a headshot on an AD spamming Tracer as Zenyatta than it is as McCree (without flash obviously). So many of the casual FPS players are coming out of the woodwork to hate on hitscan like it is some cancer shooter mechanic when in many games it is equally as hard, a different skill set, or in some cases a lot harder. Especially considering Realm Royale has some of the easiest shooting mechanics I have seen on a shooter in literal *years*, it’s insane how all these kids are now criticizing a staple mechanic of most shooters that has literally *never* been seen as low skill. Name any shooter on the market today and it’s virtually a guarantee it’s harder to aim in that this game.
Where do you kids come from? Never has an esport FPS community *ever* considered hitscan to be easy or dated. It is a staple mechanic. Often times it is far more susceptible to being tripped up by ADAD spam and projectiles virtually *always* have more forgiving hitboxes. Unless you people are regurgitating what others are saying, I’ve seen just you repeating this same idiotic statement over and over which makes me assume you’re 11 years old. Hitscan is in almost *every* shooter in some form or another far past 1999. Not to mention projectiles have been around since early quake. You’re making things up because you’re a whiny child who is likely getting dumpstered by the new changes. Shut up and stop crying. There are patches *weekly*. You children are insufferable. You sound like an idiot making statements like these when hitscans are in most every FPS and are often times harder because they require pixel perfect accuracy which projectile often doesn’t.
Agreed. People get this idea that crits should be rewarded with outrageous damage bonuses but when the bonus is too high then a single lucky headshot could win someone a fight. If anything, someone who is *consistent* at landing headshots should be rewarded and they absolutely would be with a 50% buff whereas any lucky idiot is rewarded with a 100% bonus.
The reason I’m calling you a child is because you’re making an argument that not one individual who has lived longer than 20 years and payed any marginal attention to popular games in their lifetime would make. The 90s? Do you realize most big staple shooters that came well after the 90s and have hitscan? Do you realize virtually all esport shooters today have hitscan? Do you realize some of the most foundational shooters like quake were dominated by projectile early on (pre 2000s) because mouse technology was actually too bad for hitscan to be reliable and that’s an *actual* example of a skill based FPS that laid the groundwork for other competitive FPS **from the 90s** and it was largely projectile? Literally one of the bigger transitions in later quakes was that LG became more prominent because people could actually use hitscan reliably because before optical sensors it’s wasn’t dependable. I’m calling you a child because you’re whining about a staple FPS mechanic in every competitive shooter *since* 2000 by blatantly making up a lie with *zero* evidence compared to the example I gave to you which shows what you’re making up is factually opposite of the truth. Sounds like you have zero understanding of any shooter that came before fortnite and pubg and you’re upset that hitscan punishes people with bad aim a little too hard (regardless of whether it is bad for this game or not aside, which it very well may be) so you’re sobbing your eyes out by making some lie up to defend your position. Unless other idiots are sharing your utterly ridiculous argument, I’ve seen you *all over* this sub saying that same stupid lie over and over. “Hitscan belongs in the 90s when technology and networking in general were bad”. You’re so repetitive and flat out wrong at the same time that it’s laughable. You should be a copy pasta at this point.
Funny. You’re “stopping right there” because you proved you’re dead wrong. You wouldn’t be treated like a child if you weren’t acting like one by making up lies so you could cry louder. You don’t get treated like an adult without earning it. Disregarding and deflecting from every single criticism without even acknowledging it because you want to be taken seriously after making absurd arguments is the last way someone will treat you like an adult. If you were truly playing games before FPS was a genre you wouldn’t have made such a stupid argument. That’s why you’re copping out by saying you don’t want to be treated like a child (even though you’re acting like one). Because you’re blatantly lying and you know you don’t have a response.
Maybe the reason you can’t find a point is because you’re scanning instead of reading. You said you can control 99% of the time if you get hit by a projectile or not. You’re likely ignoring me calling that out because even the most advanced level of stupidity wouldn’t be convinced by that. Find me a single player in the world who has every dodged 99% of enemy fire in the form of projectiles. Jjonak in Overwatch somehow manages to out damage most DPS on a support hero that uses projectiles in probably the easiest game in history to dodge due to its lack of movement acceleration and deceleration. Does he not miss 99% of his shots because every single opponent player in the world class OWL where players are literally paid upwards of $100k/year to grind that game because these players are somehow worse than you? Your example is long range in which you are *deliberately* creating a situation in which projectiles are at their *weakest*. Anywhere that isn’t across the map you are *not* dodging 99% of shots. That’s simply because you as the target *do not know* where all of those shots will land. And if your opponent knows his weapon isn’t hitscan, his reticle won’t be directly on you and he will likely aim in a way that you will move into it. It’s a flat out lie to pretend you can dodge every single shot. Then you act like map size matters with hitscan. Hit scan typically faces far more aggressive damage fall off at range too so I don’t see your point. You act like every FPS that incorporates hitscan is forced to be closed quarters because it’s a busted mechanic when you can barely name an FPS that doesn’t utilize hitscan as a mechanic at all. Then you say hitscan is objectively easier than projectile which is flat out idiotic to say. You totally ignored me when I told you that hitboxes are far larger on projectiles. I guess you missed that with your “scanning”. That’s true in virtually any FPS. It’s far easier to spam with projectiles than hitscan because hitscan actually requires pixel perfect accuracy in most games unless the hitbox if the target is large, which that will just make projectile aim even easier as well. That’s why when people ADAD spam you can aim in their general area with projectile but not hitscan. Hitscan requires clean tracking (if it isn’t single point) and literal perfect accuracy from one millisecond to the next. Projectile doesn’t because you just aim the the area where they will most likely be (surprise, the middle when strafing) and the large projectile size does the rest. I gave you an example of how Zenyatta in OW is easier to spam headshots with than McCree against an ADAD spamming target. Nearly any good player recognizes that in a Hanzo vs Widow matchup (a projectile sniper vs a hitscan sniper), Hanzo is far harder to hit. His projectiles are more forgiving than hitscan, the larger projectile size means it’s far harder to dodge whereas good ADAD spam can cripple hitscan because their accuracy has to be perfect instead of being in the general area and lastly projectile is more spammy because Hanzo can just peek and flick an arrow regardless of whether you’re peeking or not because it still has a chance to hit you without you ever seeing him when you try to shoot back at him. Those are precise examples in which ADAD spamming makes hitscan harder because they have to somehow perfectly click on your hitbox throughout all that movement whereas projectile just spams in the general area. It’s also ironic that you say that hitscan is far easier when in OWL there are people who literally are projectile specialists and simply cannot perform on hitscan and that’s why a separate hitscan specialist is needed. There is not a single pro player on the planet who would pretend hitscan is objectively easier. In Overwatch, hitscan is far harder and even hitscan but Widow is very weak right now (and surprise, she’s outclassed by the projectile sniper). Acting like you never get out strafed by someone if you use hitscan is a blatant lie because the best players on the planet can’t even say that. That’s because when strafing, if your opponent is using hitscan you just have to trip up their aim whereas projectile they just acknowledge your movement and shoot the area you’re strafing into. In games with higher movement, projectiles are easier to hit strafing targets with than hitscan. You’re just blatantly bluffing because you’re upset about a change that was made to the game that you can’t adapt to so you’re lying to cover it up. You know as well as I do that virtually every esport FPS that has ever had a combo of hitscan and projectile that was actually balanced would a single pro say one is easier. The only way hitscan is easier is if the characters are too big, slow, or have too big of a hitbox or the projectile is too slow. The same can be said that projectile is easier if there is less movement acceleration/deceleration or projectile size is too large. Each of those is a balance issue. Not something inherent to hitscan vs projectile. Every pro player acknowledges the differences between some people being fantastic at tracking and others at flicking and they’re two totally different skill sets that each require equal skill. Smooth tracking really on perfectly exists with hitscan. If it’s so objectively easy to you then I’m assuming you plan to go pro in the myriad of esports that could afford to be graced by your presence. There is no need for you to deliberately make arguments you and everyone else here knows is flat out stupid and then ignore criticism.
No you’re a coward because I’ve presented you with counterpoints over and over and you’re ignoring them under the pretense that you’re taking the moral high ground which is pathetic. You’re a child because you’ve been making up an argument with ZERO support all over this subreddit and then backpedal when pressured. You made something up so you could whine and get your way. That’s something a child would do. But tell yourself whatever you want. It’s clear that no one respects your opinion on this already.
I can’t rewrite something for you because you’re too lazy to read a few paragraphs but you have enough time to stall and whine and moan about how morally superior you are? And you don’t notice how entitled and childish you are? That’s name calling to you? You literally refuse to even read a few paragraphs that challenged your absurd argument but you can write 3 comments demanding it be more bite sized for you. You have been read enough responses from me that you could have just read my initial comment. But it’s not too much for you to read now is it? You just don’t want to be shown how ridiculous your argument is. So you play victim and cry and then demand the argument is too long. I was just trying to argue with you. But now I fully stand behind any accusations that you are entitled little bratty child. Read for yourself. No one owes you a single thing.
Barcode is crazy good though at DPS. Who is even really entitled to give her crap in any sexist way as a female Mercy main or anything like that? She’s probably a better player than Harry Butcher is....
&gt;flavor of the month I would agree but it’s hard to call it that when Blizzard has never pushed patches *that* quick LMAO
Of course they did. Because most devs who want to succeed do what the loud crybaby majority wants. That happens in almost every game these days. And its hilarious that you still ignore my argument. Your insecurity is deafening.
You cannot comprehend that the reason you are being talked down to is because you are dishonest and have refused to make a respectable argument. Your main point was a blatant lie that you made up and when called out you literally admit you didn’t even read it. That’s why I’m talking down to you. Lying and then plugging your ears at a response and then demanding respect would earn you respect nowhere. Then acting like it’s charitable that you may offer a defense of *your own argument you publicly posted onto a public forum* if you are given respect you haven’t earned on top of it? It’s absolutely incredible to me that you’re even typing this. At this point I’m sorry I’ve wasted both of our time. But it’s mesmerizing to see someone act like this.
The idiots are coming out of the woodwork on this sub. Their borderline blatantly lying at this point. I’ve seen. Multiple people now saying that hitscan is something from the 90s because computers and networking tech couldn’t handle projectile back then. These people are literally creating a false narrative to spin whatever idiotic story they want. I virtually cannot think of a shooter with large scale success after 2000 that *didnt* have hitscan aside from maybe pubg. Not to mention quake was heavily based on projectile back in the 90s as one of the first competitive FPS so this idea that hitscan is old tech and projectile was too hard for old computers is a flat out lie. In fact, the lightning gun in quake rose to prominence in *later* quake titles because mouse technology got better to the point that tracking was actually reliable. So it was actually the *opposite*. Progress in tech allowed hitscan to flourish whereas projectile was more dominant before that. And the idea of just stuff every game full of as much randomness as can be gotten away with is repulsive to me at this point. People value zero competitive integrity at this point. I’d love to see all these people saying hitscan is skillless even attempt to play hitscan on Overwatch where hitscan is *significantly* harder than projectile by a large margin.
Which quake is built around Rail, Lightning and Rockets, two of which are hitscan. So you just contributed to his argument.
Go play CSGO if you want hitscan? Or you must mean 99% of all shooters ever because the vast majority employ hitscan.
You people all just started making this up that hitscan is old tech. You literally have zero evidence to back that up. Quake is one of the oldest FPS in history and has always had projectile. In fact, lightning gun didn’t even become a majorly strong weapon until later quake games because mouse technology improved and made hitscan more reliable. So the opposite is actually true. Hitscan got to be reliable when optical sensors became thing. Stop making this trash up. Every shooter since 2000 has employed hitscan in one form or another aside from a few outliers.
Don’t you know it’s 2018, era of the ultra slow projectile. This is the pinnacle of technology that Quake and CSGO were desperate but ultimately limited from back in the 90s. It’s the only way preserve skill by having large degrees of randomness. Git gud. /s
“BeCaUsE pEoPlE oNlY mAdE hItScAnS iN tHe 90s” apparently. The people here that blatantly make up lies because they want this game even more casual and accessible are actually disgusting. Plenty of room to argue why hitscan has issues in this game. But they would prefer to say it is “skillless”. I’d love to see these tracking gods dominate hitscan in other games. Idiots.
Can you tell me how to block them?
In games like Overwatch hitscan is straight up harder. The projectiles are super forgiving and it’s easier to hit ADAD spamming targets in that game with the large projectiles in their general area than it is to hit them pixel perfect in the head since there is zero movement acceleration/deceleration in that game. These people are flat out kidding themselves.
Really appreciate it dude. You’re the best.
What does balancing have anything to do with how hard it is to aim with hitscan? Are you joking?
Zero movement acceleration and deceleration. Tiny hitboxes. There have even been owl pros that have said that hitscan virtually feels like rng because the movement is so unreliable. And you, a t500 player is saying all this garbage on a *realm royale* subreddit, arguably the easiest game to aim in I’ve ever seen with massive hitboxes and massive projectiles that can virtually hit people around corners... you really are a clown.
Taimou literally said that in his hay day when he was considered one of “the best hitscans in the world”. Look it up yourself.
And he said this when he was on top and is also doing pretty well again. His team made it into playoffs for the season. Nearly no hitscan specialists were on top during dive and now that dive is all but dead his team is one of the most threatening in the league. You’re acting belligerent because you know trying to act like you care about ultra rigorous esport aim is so remote from any reasonable discussion about *realm royale* that it’s insane. In general hitscan has been in a weak spot for a while compared to many projectile heroes. You’re the one implying that hitscan is just objectively easy. It’s utterly retarded to act like a snob about the most high-bar aiming standards in a game that comparatively is easier to aim in than virtually any game on the market. Only thing keeping it from being easier is the slow projectiles that even past medium range become virtually rng.
1) No esport talent would say that hitscan is objectively easier than projectile. If you’re referencing OWL, there are literally tons of projectile specialists who play garbage hitscan. It’s a totally different skill and you’re absolutely wrong. 2) You’re trying to roast me on how recent I am when taimou’s massive decline was a while ago and this entire stage has been pretty strong now that dive isn’t a thing and most casters acknowledge that. 3) It’s funny that you bring up Widow because right now Hanzo is legitimately the strongest hero in the game and outclasses Widow by a mile. So your point couldn’t be more wrong. His pick rate all throughout t500 is well above widow’s and every pro acknowledges him as a must pick. The projectile sniper easily outclasses the hitscan one. 4) Projectile is not the same as hitscan just harder. Projectile is flat out easier to spam. That’s one of the most key parts of projectile. You absolutely cannot spam with hitscan. That’s the reason so often in this game people just third person peek and the strafe and shoot a shot and hide. It’s because you don’t have to see a target to potentially land a shot. At range projectile is purely just taking as much lucky spam shots as you can aside from maybe snipers. 5) You’re an absolute idiot if you’re trying to tell me that projectiles are typically not larger than a single point hitscan shot. There is virtually not a shooter where that is the case aside from perhaps projectile snipers which is understandable due to their power, and even then the projectile is still fairly large in comparison to a single point hitscan shot. The ironic thing is you’re playing as though your defending some superior shooter design when realm royale has some of the easiest shooting mechanics out of any popular shooter at the moment, far easier than Overwatch given that there is proper movement acceleration, and the projectiles are absolutely massive along with hitboxes. So your argument automatically looks like a joke. Far more people can land rockets, nails and tribolts than rails in quake. It’s flat out easier with projectiles half the time. 6) You try and act superior about something that nearly no pro FPS player would virtually ever defend. I fully back saying that hitscan is bad for some games. Sure. That’s totally true. But to act as though it’s objectively easier makes you look like a literal retard and is the reason this community looks so absurdly casual. No real competitive player would ever even make such a stupid argument.
I must have missed it. What did he do before the bomb?
This is the reason you don’t waste money gambling.
Exactly. Ultra high mobility can often mean less punishment for stupid plays.
EDIT: my frustration isnt directed at you but these systems in general. not trying to argue. just venting. BEST case scenario, lootboxes are always gambling. always. thats the reason every game has them. you dont make as much money selling people what they want for a price they agree upon as you do selling people a very high chance to waste their money not getting what they want. imagine if you went to a store to buy a t-shirt and you notice the price was cut in half of normal shirt prices. but then you notice that they have hundreds of different shirt designs. so you go to purchase one and they tell you that you have to buy your size and a CHANCE for the color you want. so you buy three of them instead and then realize that the only ones that are desirable have a super low drop rate and you also notice that the pool of shirts is loaded with hundreds of undesirable ones that no one wants. thats why there are so many. so even though theyre cheaper, you also cant just buy what you want. at the end of the day, you cant complain because its your size and all you are upset is that they randomized the cosmetic side of the shirt. now, i know this is a different case, but the point is that you ended up buying three of them, more than if you were able to directly purchase what you want, and you STILL didnt get what you wanted. if youre a working adult like i am, i would rather just purchase exactly what i want for its market price. if its too steep, i wont buy it. if its reasonable, i will. you know, the way normal things work in society. but these loots box systems are so massively profitable because idiots dont realize theyre paying 10x over the price of an item just to still possibly not get it. its a slap in the face as a consumer because the system is profitable by the very process of you wasting money. before anyone retorts "but since its luck based, you have a CHANCE to get it for *cheaper* than if you bought it at market price", thats exactly what the lotto and casinos and scratch off companies want you to think. because thats what 99% of people who pay for them think. and guess what? the odds are so low that all the idiots who buy into that stuff are subsidizing the lucky ones and making companies 100x times the money over and at the end of the day. and with lootboxes, those 99% of people *still* didnt get what they intended to pay for. if you were one of the ones who got lucky, chalk it up exactly to that. luck. dont chalk it up to the garbage system that the odds are MASSIVELY likely that you will lose money. never thank an anti-consumer system for blatant luck. at this point, i will never pay for a lootbox on principle that i wont be disrespected as an adult by a company hoping they will hit a lick off of me wasting money. and i dont want to hear that it isnt possible otherwise. rainbow six siege spent the majority of its life (not anymore, they now have lootboxes) with high priced, premium items and no lootboxes. those items did, and still do, sell like crazy and the game has continued to grow, and much of that growth was before the lootboxes ("alpha packs"). look at fortnite. its one of the biggest games on the planet right now and arguably ever. its free and its skins cost a premium price. i dont even like battle royales and dont have it install on my pc at all. and at the very least i dont trash it for the simple fact that it can make money off of people paying a price, or not, for what they want. i actually bought gun skins in siege when the game came out because i thought it was honest the way they sought support for a new and small competitive title. so i paid for cosmetics and didnt mind. i have never, and never will, buy a loot box. you only sell a loot box when you look down on people as being stupid enough to throw money in the trash when they could just sell it to you directly. theyre well aware that some people can see through this and they dont care because they make your share twice over off the people who toss tons of cash into cosmetics. most people wouldnt be able to find $20 worth of cosmetics they like in games they play but would pay $20 in lootboxes to get NOTHING they wanted. its a joke. as for quake, its their own fault that their loot box system is such trash. its the greediest one ive ever seen and they still have some of the least appealing cosmetics. their event items werent valuable enough to care about them like Overwatch's are and their premium items arent worth buying like Siege's and Fortnite's are. and they still on top of that have the biggest rip off of a system at the end of the day because its so outrageously unrewarding. after the patch i opened around 250 boxes i had stockpiled, around 10 reliquaries and around 15+ chests. since the patch altogether the number is even higher. and ive still gotten almost nothing of value, and certainly nothing i wanted. and this was supposed to be them IMPROVING things. i couldnt conceive of paying money for a bunch of reliquaries, much less ONE at a time for such a high price. its a joke and their own fault. at least Overwatch, the epitome of casual pandering and a game that has made inconceivable amounts of money off of random loot, has the decency to give you currency for duplicates that you can spend on the item you were aiming for and it also ACTUALLY does cut down on getting the same duplicate items over and over. quake still gives you absurd amounts of duplicate trash like name plates and bland shaders and actually took a step backwards in terms of giving people a way to earn what they want and made it even more blatantly anti-consumer. and before anyone tells me the game is supposed to be free and i should be grateful, i paid $5 to try it out, liked it and wanted to support it so i paid $30 for the champion pack. I am an adult. I would rather just pay for the game and have a legitimate way to experience the content they put effort into. its 2018 so ive accepted that the most legitimate way likely does involve grinding boxes because thats the age were in. but the fact that the money and time people wasted on boxes cant even be turned around into something of value because they removed it to make it even worse for the players is an absolute joke. i will never in all my days waste my money on this trash and any self-respecting human should stop once they realize how much these systems burn the consumer. theyre profitable precisely BECAUSE theyre designed to burn the consumer.
I posted in the pregame island by pressing enter.
oh. gotcha. good to know why no one responded....
Jesus dude. How long have you been playing Quake? I want to be able to do stuff like this:(
From what I heard, reliquaries are $4. Hands down the worst value thing I’ve ever seen in a game.
I’ll share my comment from another post in here: BEST case scenario, lootboxes are always gambling. always. thats the reason every game has them. you dont make as much money selling people what they want for a price they agree upon as you do selling people a very high chance to waste their money not getting what they want. imagine if you went to a store to buy a t-shirt and you notice the price was cut in half of normal shirt prices. but then you notice that they have hundreds of different shirt designs. so you go to purchase one and they tell you that you have to buy your size and a CHANCE for the color you want. so you buy three of them instead and then realize that the only ones that are desirable have a super low drop rate and you also notice that the pool of shirts is loaded with hundreds of undesirable ones that no one wants. thats why there are so many. so even though theyre cheaper, you also cant just buy what you want. at the end of the day, you cant complain because its your size and all you are upset is that they randomized the cosmetic side of the shirt. now, i know this is a different case, but the point is that you ended up buying three of them, more than if you were able to directly purchase what you want, and you STILL didnt get what you wanted. if youre a working adult like i am, i would rather just purchase exactly what i want for its market price. if its too steep, i wont buy it. if its reasonable, i will. you know, the way normal things work in society. but these loots box systems are so massively profitable because idiots dont realize theyre paying 10x over the price of an item just to still possibly not get it. its a slap in the face as a consumer because the system is profitable by the very process of you wasting money. before anyone retorts "but since its luck based, you have a CHANCE to get it for *cheaper* than if you bought it at market price", thats exactly what the lotto and casinos and scratch off companies want you to think. because thats what 99% of people who pay for them think. and guess what? the odds are so low that all the idiots who buy into that stuff are subsidizing the lucky ones and making companies 100x times the money over and at the end of the day. and with lootboxes, those 99% of people *still* didnt get what they intended to pay for. if you were one of the ones who got lucky, chalk it up exactly to that. luck. dont chalk it up to the garbage system that the odds are MASSIVELY likely that you will lose money. never thank an anti-consumer system for blatant luck. at this point, i will never pay for a lootbox on principle that i wont be disrespected as an adult by a company hoping they will hit a lick off of me wasting money. and i dont want to hear that it isnt possible otherwise. rainbow six siege spent the majority of its life (not anymore, they now have lootboxes) with high priced, premium items and no lootboxes. those items did, and still do, sell like crazy and the game has continued to grow, and much of that growth was before the lootboxes ("alpha packs"). look at fortnite. its one of the biggest games on the planet right now and arguably ever. its free and its skins cost a premium price. i dont even like battle royales and dont have it install on my pc at all. and at the very least i dont trash it for the simple fact that it can make money off of people paying a price, or not, for what they want. i actually bought gun skins in siege when the game came out because i thought it was honest the way they sought support for a new and small competitive title. so i paid for cosmetics and didnt mind. i have never, and never will, buy a loot box. you only sell a loot box when you look down on people as being stupid enough to throw money in the trash when they could just sell it to you directly. theyre well aware that some people can see through this and they dont care because they make your share twice over off the people who toss tons of cash into cosmetics. most people wouldnt be able to find $20 worth of cosmetics they like in games they play but would pay $20 in lootboxes to get NOTHING they wanted. its a joke. as for quake, its their own fault that their loot box system is such trash. its the greediest one ive ever seen and they still have some of the least appealing cosmetics. their event items werent valuable enough to care about them like Overwatch's are and their premium items arent worth buying like Siege's and Fortnite's are. and they still on top of that have the biggest rip off of a system at the end of the day because its so outrageously unrewarding. after the patch i opened around 250 boxes i had stockpiled, around 10 reliquaries and around 15+ chests. since the patch altogether the number is even higher. and ive still gotten almost nothing of value, and certainly nothing i wanted. and this was supposed to be them IMPROVING things. i couldnt conceive of paying money for a bunch of reliquaries, much less ONE at a time for such a high price. its a joke and their own fault. at least Overwatch, the epitome of casual pandering and a game that has made inconceivable amounts of money off of random loot, has the decency to give you currency for duplicates that you can spend on the item you were aiming for and it also ACTUALLY does cut down on getting the same duplicate items over and over. quake still gives you absurd amounts of duplicate trash like name plates and bland shaders and actually took a step backwards in terms of giving people a way to earn what they want and made it even more blatantly anti-consumer. and before anyone tells me the game is supposed to be free and i should be grateful, i paid $5 to try it out, liked it and wanted to support it so i paid $30 for the champion pack. I am an adult. I would rather just pay for the game and have a legitimate way to experience the content they put effort into. its 2018 so ive accepted that the most legitimate way likely does involve grinding boxes because thats the age were in. but the fact that the money and time people wasted on boxes cant even be turned around into something of value because they removed it to make it even worse for the players is an absolute joke. i will never in all my days waste my money on this trash and any self-respecting human should stop once they realize how much these systems burn the consumer. theyre profitable precisely BECAUSE theyre designed to burn the consumer.
a lot of abilities in this game are easy mode lmao. are you kidding?
Thats what he gets for using EC2-B. Ive heard that thing spins out even though its a sensor that shouldnt be able to do that. That whole series of mice is riddled with qc issues.
He uses EC2-B now. But im pretty sure that ive read on the mousereviews subreddit that it still happens even with a sensor that shouldnt be able to do that because that entire line of mice is super riddled with qc issues.
I’ve been grinding tons of these challenges specifically on the champs I like. I just can’t get 10 challenges to unlock on one rune:(
Projectiles are the future of modern gaming. It takes 10000000000 IQ to use projectiles. Hitscan will die a slow death. CSGO will never see skill like Realm Royale has. The most skilled gunplay ever to be in a shooter /s
...Which probably has do with why he enjoys fortnite more. That seems pretty straightforward. Not sure why everyone has to come up with some reason why streamers who quit or don’t enjoy the game as much can’t possibly not enjoy Overwatch but it must be something else. The dude just said that Tim find fortnite more fun. You just said it’s not that black and white because Overwatch is a game that makes it frequently end up in matches sucking and... not being as fun.
Constant, never-ending shields alongside a cc ability and a pretty bland ult. Not sure what she adds that is positive tbh. Shield spam and cc are two things that many people have hated for a while. She was a hero that used to make cheese comps strong strong and matches when she does well she just slows the game a ton.
Wow. There it is.
I get off work in a few hours. On east coast. What were you guys wanting to do? I can help out.
To be fair, none of the people in any Overwatch sub consider aiming to be an important skill. There are certainly skills besides aiming. They just want only the non-aiming ones to be important. Most people who play that game say that in traditional FPS *ALL* that matters is aim and that’s why they like OW. Which is a sign that those people either haven’t played an FPS before or they’re bad at them so they’re straw-manning them. That’s such a stupid thing to say. Aimbotcalvin (who has incredible aim) tried out R6:Siege on stream the other day and was total garbage because he didn’t know how to play the game. He didn’t know the pacing, the maps (therefore his positioning and engagements were bad), and chose to engage people poorly. It’s an example that not knowing how to play a specific shooter well but having good aim doesn’t get you far. But tell people that in the OW subs. They think every other shooter is solely boiled down to “clicking on heads” which is absurd.
Yeah. I’d love to see players like him come to Quake. I hate OW and will trash it for good reason but regardless of what people say, the aim intensive heroes in that game are very intense. Primarily because the game has zero movement acceleration or deceleration (or just “momentum”, whatever you want to call it). So strafing is pretty cancer and movement prediction is literally impossible. Add that with the tiny hitboxes and you will find that many of the good DPS pros in OW have some of the nuttiest aim you will ever see. The main thing that suck is that he’s just riding the bench in the OW league so he gets very little play time. His skills are legit being wasted when he has some of the best aim in the world on this game. But that 50k a year for riding the bench + housing in Cali likely isn’t something he’s going to bail on any time soon.
I visit that sub almost daily. There are waaaaay more casual players in that sub than ever. Ever since OWL started that sub was advertised as a place to discuss sports more than actual competitive minded games discussing normal gaming stuff. Ever since then that sub has been trash. Almost any criticisms about brain dead heroes and aim slowly disappearing gets met with about as much outcry in the other direction.
I mean I prefer TDM. The only reason I would ever play the solo playlist is for instagib just to warm aim up to get my rails feeling confident. I hate FFA because it just seems like total randomness. There are a million people and because no one is on your team there is very little aspect of map control to me and no sense of controlling power ups. Lots of kill stealing or winning a fight and then turning around to recover your stack and instantly dying to a rocket or something. Sure, dying in instagib is quick and it’s just a casual mode but at least you can easily 1v3 and stuff. I just use it as a quick way to warm up. I hate FFA. When I just want to get decent practice and I’m not doing ranked I just go TDM.
What is reflex?
I probably would try FFA more but I absolutely despise the 2v2 maps even for TDM. I’d rather back out and sit on the home screen the length of the match rather than play those maps in FFA.
I love my revel. It’s great.
LMAO. Yeah. There has to be something missing. Must be a different currency. I know a dude who bought a R6:Siege account on PC for $1000. I know a dude who sold a PS4 one for $500. And we aren’t talking a pro level OW account equivalent. The dude who got the PC one was one of the highest level PS4 players I know over a year ago when I was still on console. He didn’t want to lose all his characters, levels, cosmetics, etc., when he swapped to PC so he dished out that much for a high level PC account with all that stuff. The dude who sold the PS4 account was highest rank every season but probably only got that much for his account due to the high level and all the cosmetics he had acquired over time. While all that stuff is valuable for many, it’s not nearly as exclusive and easy to get value out of as a pro level account in Overwatch. And especially since the dude was obviously account selling for cash, I would be willing to bet these dudes make a lot of money off of these. Hell, if he sold that account for $10 I would buy it and resell it just because of how dumb it was for him to sell it for so cheap.
What do you mean lack of dpi adjustment? It’s got a ton of levels. Some mice like zowie mice only have 4. I want to say it has around double that including steps between the typical ones and even well about 1600.
In game chat I think Kabaji was spectating and said that Jayne told his team that the dude reset LMAO
I think it has been confirmed a champion for quake champions is planned with a grapple.
A lot of people who like competitive gaming don’t mind fast paced gaming. But chaotic starts to chip away at competitive eventually.
Insane to me that one of the most expensive esport projects in history knowingly compromises their game’s balance because they’re so afraid of the casual playerbase they have coddled for so long. Knowingly not balancing a hero properly because you’re afraid of backlash. Yikes.
I’m pretty sure that’s why they walk into walls sometimes or shoot walls. They’re probably already aggro on someone somewhere else on the map. Sometimes someone will instantaneously be shooting me as I round a corner and it will blow my mind until I realize it’s a bot.
Idk. I’ve been learning Quake for a little while now and Toxjq has been so impressive to me. This is pretty sickening that he just died to this garbage. Didn’t really get outplayed at all and still lost an entire round.
Honestly the class weapons are so ridiculously strong that I think the idea of making them less accessible is dumb. I like that you need a kill to get them but the other day I hopped in after not playing for a while and people play soooo much slower now (I guess they desperately want to rank up or something). Used to we couldn’t find a town without action. Yesterday we were landing in the center of the plane path and in any city we could guess would be busy. Would walk straight to the forge, etc. We struggled to find people half the time. The gameplay was so slow. I just feel like half the time whoever gets weapons early snowballs. The power of power weapons is too high to me. Almost invalidates other weapons existing.
Not denying that.
For sure. I think 90g down to 80g is a good reduction and down to 70 is even better. But to be honest, below 75 starts having diminishing returns, in my opinion, very rapidly. I’ve tried a lot of mice, some very light. My friend even left me with his ultralight (the original one) to use for a while and I hardly used it while having it. My preference is no heavier than ~85g and I would enjoy lighter. But I’ve swapped to my older, heavier (80-90g) mice just for better shape time and time again. Once you start getting down to the high 60s and people are obsessive over hitting the 50s.... it’s just absurd. People get hysterical over a few grams when that’s borderline irrelevant at that point. I can criticize zowie until the end of time but anyone who acknowledges they’re still relevant knows that the single reason they are relevant is because most people prefer a comfortable shape over anything else. Shaving off a few grams from an already light mouse as your number one priority over everything else is idiotic.
I mean the game still has tons of issues but the shield and armor system change is the best thing they have done to date.
Hard to say there is less rng and is more skill based. The low time to kill, crazy amount of time running due to a gigantic map with a fast storm, low amount of heals you can carry and lack of cover, even people like shroud occasionally die in ways they couldn’t react to. Garbage games like Realm Royale that was a pile of casual trash still was a game where good players would stomp casual ones into the dirt every single time and literally stream themselves winning 20 kill games back to back to back. People who say this BR is the most competitive are delusional. Mostly because this playerbase has only played PUBG which is a trash game through and through. I HATE fortnite more than the average person but that game at least has a massively high skill ceiling and leaves good players with a way to outplay their opponents every time. When even the best players streaming this game die every few games to situations that no one could survive, that is not competitive. Something no one wants to acknowledge is that a massive road block to this game improving is its community that has either just hated the game or said its flawless. There has never been constructive criticism since day one and its unaddressed issues would never allow it to grow, whether DH had been a trash dev team or not.
Do you think they would have sold that many if they didn’t depend entirely on the fear of missing out? I know their marketing works, but to an extent it is clearly impacted by their hypebeast business model that literally doesn’t let you try their mouse unless you buy it instantly without knowledge of what you’re getting, forcing you to be an irresponsible consumer or you have to buy it the next day from some dude who bought 5 and is reselling for $200+ on eBay. Pretty trash company that honestly deserves zero respect. I’m sure their marketing works. But I guarantee if they *actually* supplied their product and gave people plenty of time to think about it and look out for the reviews and criticisms on reddit as people’s copies start reaching them, we wouldn’t see anything like this. Imagine if instead of the phantom selling out instantly it was a normal sale process and we had seen all the reviews of the scroll wheel breaking and it still being low quality in terms of QC. Would all those idiots who bought 2 in a panic care as much? Hard to say. They can honestly turn their marketing team into a total meme if they want. That’s fine by me. It’s their deliberate attempt to make an anti-consumer production scheme that makes me want to vomit. Their hyper aggressive marketing campaign to build hype just fuels it which on its own would be pretty benign.
I wonder if it’s possible she thought the dude she was with just stole the purse and she didn’t realize he had stabbed her? I don’t know either. At the very least, the lady was likely crazy and on drugs and combining desperation with doing horrible things, she may have just said that out of guilt not knowing what to say. I’m just grasping because there isn’t exactly a rational explanation for telling someone “god bless you” after coldly murdering their spouse for trying to help you.
Why is CS the big bad boogie man in the Overwatch community? There are plenty of fast paced FPS in the world. It’s not like before Overwatch came out we only had counterstrike. Overwatch is unique but the only alternative to it is not even remotely counterstrike. It’s like people use counterstrike as a way to cut people down in this community now a days. Really weird.
Maybe used it the second he got it.
This is definitely a good change but I honestly see continuous lobbies as priority number one as time goes on. As time has passed, it has worn away at me and is now easily my biggest issue. The down time in this game is absolutely insane. It makes me wonder how many of my hours playing this game are me actually playing the game. Sometimes I get off out of pure boredom because I know the queue will be so long that the “one more match” mentality gets defused pretty fast. The other day I wanted to do one more placement match in duels and the queue lasted so long I just got off. And I’m not even placed... it’s not like I’m too .01% of the community. The downtime is not even a bug nor is it something that needs balancing and therefore careful consideration. It’s literally just trash design to weave you through a million screens and then give you a countdown just to be kicked out to requeue. It’s so bad it’s crazy.
And battle passes are actually fine in a F2P game. If they just contribute to cosmetics, then it’s easily the lesser evil.
I can use CPMA champs pretty well. However, getting initial speed always feels bad to me. I know holding W messes you use using CPMA movement but do you still hold W to get your circle jump going at the start all the way through the next few strafes or just the circle jump or what? I don’t know why getting started with those champs feels so awkward to me.
Can you do that in CS without holding W? I didn’t know that was a thing in counterstrike.
Wow. TIL. I don’t play CS but I occasionally might hop on a screw around. I had no idea you could do stuff like that. Does it just not build as much speed or something? I don’t feel like I see it a lot.
A lot of quake pros use accel too.
Why would their free weekend do anything? It wasn’t free to keep. Even if people enjoyed it, the playerbase was still small. People aren’t going to pay money to buy it when the population is this small. Not to mention it’s less motivating to even try a free game that you will only have a few days and then you have to buy it even though the game is expensive and the community is nonexistent. People knowing they can keep a game, dead or not, would be more invested and therefore more interested. I can’t believe it wasn’t even free to keep since only a few hundred people tried and that was the literal only time their game hasn’t been dead for months. They need to prime the pump at this point and let people keep who downloaded. Even those who enjoyed won’t pay for this game. It’s objectively a waste of money. You can’t motivate people to trust that a community will appear and invest money in a dead game. It’s the devs job to keep this game going. Not the community’s. It’s incredibly stupid letting people try the game, then taking it away and having the community shrink back down to non existent and then saying “want to pay for it now?” Obviously the answer will be no. No one is taking that leap of faith. The free weekend was a joke and did nothing. We need an influx of new players and the game *needs to be able to retain them*. Free to keep would have maintained some momentum. When a game is this dead you need something to jumpstart it. This weekend did nothing to help that.
Not to mention it would probably just make you more resistant to its effects. If you needed long term value out of it you surely would be taking proper dosages.
Our Sphinx seriously loves this material blanket. We have kept one in our bed just for her for years now and replace it with the same kind when we have to. Funny that yours sleeps in one too.
What was his “gorilla run”?
Why would anyone think that. I don’t doubt people said that. But it’s insanely stupid.
What is different about UT movement vs Clutch’s movement? I never played UT?
Same here but I have it too. So not sure either. Not sure why you got downvoted for that though.
This sub? I agree prophet has issues but don’t be dramatic and overstate opinions you don’t like. I see TONS of prophet hate on this sub.
Astrology. Sorry but I can’t help but instantly take someone less seriously when their social media is 50% about signs.
This is all I can think about. This would be an instant uninstall for me. People’s idea is that by stacking, you’re removing random teammates and therefore reducing the randomness of matchmaking. But in reality, most humans won’t be able to manually scout out 5 people at their skill level at similar free times at the efficiency of a good matchmaking system. So you would still find most people playing with randoms since using an lfg is no more of a guarantee than matchmaking. If anything, skill variance is much more likely than with a computer that can look at long term statistics for every player and piece teams together. Having to build your team manually is so crazy likely to just make matches horrendously unbalanced because now your SR is not only determined by how good of a teammate you can be, whether that’s hard skills like game sense and mechanics or less tangible ones like teamwork and communication. Now it’s determined by all of that PLUS your ability to find randoms and hope YOU put together a better team than the six people you match make against.
People will probably flip over this but I think it’s hard to deny it would make the game better. Easier to balance, less to consider with new heroes, better role queueing, no more playing 4 dps matches because no one cares. But god forbid we touch rando teams on the ladders ability to make any comp they want. Especially when the coordination flex between a bunch of varying and creative comps is like &lt;1% of the time and the rest is just trying to get a working comp period. But let’s ignore that.
Sounds like a huge minority of situations. Like you’re picking a speck of gold you’re looking for out of a swimming pool of animal crap. The vast majority of 3-4 DPS isn’t people thinking it will mix things up. It’s half the time people on “practice” accounts where they don’t join voice chat and don’t care about the outcome of the match. Of course games are fun when the enemy team is so bad that they can’t do anything to win. But when the enemy team is competent it’s infuriating to have a team that doesn’t care about winning. And that scenario is 1000x more common at every rank. Easiest sacrifice of my life if I can get rid of throw comps.
Yeah sure. I agree with that. But I’m just talking about the competitive level pro scene. At that level, you undeniably need both. But if you just want to climb the ladder then sure. I do think people overestimate how much Overwatch is unique in terms of game sense outshining aim vs other FPS games in general. Like most Overwatch players who don’t have an FPS background, many make it so clear they don’t play any other FPS because they frame every shooter that isn’t Overwatch as just needing the ability to “click heads” which is insanely stupid. Most good players in other FPS games emphasize game sense over other stuff as well because it’s still very important. Good aim may give you some advantage and allow you to win some engagements but if you’re still so dumb that you’re always putting yourself in disadvantageous situations, your good aim begins to be negated against smart players. Quake is the epitome of old school shooter. It’s literally the competitive FPS grandfather and the main competitive mode has always been the 1v1 duel. It has it all. Mechanically intensive and complex movement, map control, stack management, spawn timers which therefore means map control, knowing at what times to use what weapons and a huge array of different weapon types, knowing when to take engagements and when to run, etc. Not to mention it takes a huge variety of aim styles. Sniping single point (rail), short range single point with spread (shotgun), medium range tracking (lg), long range tracking (hmg), slow single-fire projectile (rockets), tracking projectile (nail), slow area denial projectile (nade launcher, and situational melee attacks with the gauntlet. And then there is the work of not only controlling some weapons and deny the opponent from picking theirs up but also knowing when to use what to utilize them according to their roles/strength and weakness. However it’s an example of people thinking “Quake is just clicking on people”. Funny thing is there is a video on YouTube of Rapha, one of the best quake players on the planet right now who coincidentally used to be an OW pro for a short time, in which he played a duel match against a dude using an aimbot and wall hacks and he still beat him just from being a smarter player. So many Overwatch players, especially as the game slowly appeals less to FPS players and more to the moba aspect, you see a sense of resentment towards games like CSGO as the big bad boogie man where it’s all brawn and no brain and you just click on people. In reality people who go play normal FPS just get punished a lot faster due to stupid mistakes that ults, healing, shields, matrixes and bubbles can’t get them out of so in their heads shooters are only aiming. But even CSGO and R6 at the pro level are an insane level of strategy. It’s not just 6/5 man teams running at each other clicking. Neither are arena FPS. For what it’s worth, there’s a clip of dafran saying he couldn’t go pro in counterstrike because his brain is too tiny and in Overwatch he can just aim good. This idea that Overwatch is unique because game sense and positioning matter but don’t in every other FPS is literally only believed in the Overwatch community. All of those things matter heavily in other shooters and you literally can’t be pro if you have terrible mechanics unless you specialize in things like main tank. And even then, xQc is a meme on his own stream when it comes to DPSing and from what I hear he has a DPS only account in GM. So even “bad” aimers at the pro level who don’t need to aim typically have better mechanics than the vast, VAST majority of the game’s population. You simply can’t play pro Overwatch with bad mechanics and you simply can’t play other team-based FPS at the highest level without teamwork, comms, good positioning and game sense. Also for what it’s worth, dafran used to mute his entire team when he was on selfless aside for sinatraa. And that got him surprisingly far. The Overwatch exceptionalism you see in this sub reeks of people who hate the FPS genre aside for OW but think they’re experts when talking about it. Go look up beginning tutorials on Quake. All good players will suggest learning movement, positioning and developing your game sense and outsmarting people. Some will even straight up tell you not to pay attention to aiming at all. Good game sense will get you very far. Pay attention to mechanics when it starts becoming the determining factor, which even in Overwatch, that happens eventually.
I assume he is trolling.
$1 for a game with no community is a stupid price to pay. The game isn’t too expensive. It’s that no one will pay money for a product that doesn’t work. $30/$60 for pubg and black ops are for games with massive and thriving communities. So yes, $10 is a stupid price to pay when you’re essentially throwing your money into a shredder.
Same here. Now that I’m seeing that everyone tries to put their year number into a word, especially “senior”, i at least see 2010 worked a lot better than the years after me.
Quake is easily one of the oldest. Rapha made over $120k playing quake this year. To be fair he’s the best player. But quake is literally the first competitive shooter.
I didn’t mean your rank. I meant your last comment seemed like copy pasta or something. My bad if wrong. I believe your rank.
Yeah. That dude massively misconstrued the options. For many people’s careers just the part where he makes more money is all they need. But he literally makes his own schedule, has fun, does what he wants, and makes more money. Not to mention isn’t practicing all day, every day, for likely less money.
That would make sense if you were talking to a normal person but you’re literally talking about Calvin who pretty much every pro acknowledges is easily OWL caliber and the dude is arguably one of the most flexible players in the game and doesn’t even practice his heroes like a pro does.
I work at a retirement community. I do work orders here. Some people are so old that they absolutely should not be living independently... and yet they drive every day. If you could see as often as I do how limited so many of these people seem mentally whether it’s understanding conversation, them processing what you’re saying, trying to schedule things with them and them remembering conversations from minutes ago much less days ago, etc., and then imagining them driving.... it’s honestly insane. Literally mid 90s and some of these people still drive daily. Freaks me out.
Unless midway through flying away she 180 matrixes just because she guessed that you were going to think like that. There was clip of emongg doing that on Hollywood. Ran to prevent demech when he got low and a second into his flight he 180ed again and matrixed and ate it because the enemy Zarya saw him running and assumed it was safe.
Yeah. It literally became almost impossible to get runes the second they announced that they would all auto complete. Open backpacks singularly for that reason and I used to get a lot. New system gets announced and if I ever did get a rune it was a dupe. You know, I don’t even mind if they don’t want to be that “generous” and give us all the runes. But why say that and then shadow nerf rune drops? Like just play your hand entirely up front. “No more rune drops and runes are completed”. Or just “rune system is disappearing but you won’t lose progress and will start where you left off”. I just don’t get making a promise that you don’t like the implications of so you have to do half over the table and half under it. It’s total nonsense to me.
Cool. So I assume dafran will just be a specialist for tracking heroes? Is he even excellent on anything other than Tracer and Soldier? I mean his Torb stuff was all trolling but he was extraordinarily good with Torbs primary and I saw him play Zen on stream. While his zen gameplay is super rough, his accuracy was good. So maybe he could actually grind projectile. His widow is awful. I don’t know how he wasn’t embarrassed on stream last I watched him. He lost almost every game I saw on her. Not to mention two games in a row, two separate teams, he contributed almost nothing on Widow to the point that BOTH GAMES his teammates were asking “why is his match so hard?” It was honestly embarrassing.
I know people will say “cosmetics, who cares” but I do think devs should at least keep their word or be fair, even if it’s things that don’t impact gameplay. The monetization of the entire game is cosmetics so it should at least feel like it isn’t scummy. Thanks for taking the time to do all of that because I was too lazy to do something like this. We need at least one person keeping count of this stuff.
I literally would have played this game if they would have just made 5v5 lobbies of TDM or S&amp;D style elimination. The movement and gunplay was fun. Should have trashed the BR concept when the community got so small. Its obvious that when your game is that small you cant have massive lobbies. The game didn't even feel good as far as BRs go. Sucks.
I know multiple people who were willing to try back in the day but didn't want to pay a steep price for a barebones BR that was horrendously optimized with no community. Not to mention as time passed, day by day, it got progressively \*less\* convincing to actually jump in. Playerbase shrunk. Less dev communication. More clarity that the game wasn't being supported. Sucks. Now there is no reason to try it. By the "free for a few days" weekend no one cared to download when even a free game has like 200 people. If the only two people I asked about the game had that mindset, I can't imagine how many other people felt that way. How many other people would have tried. Imagine if on top of that they had supported the game instead of telling themselves fake stories, hid from all criticism and shunned everyone who didn't follow suit. This game has honestly been the biggest shame of all time.
How do you decide which words to capitalize? No offense.
Is it true what they say about these destroying mouse feet? Ive only used cloth pads and have never replaced mousefeet in my life.
So is doom good in a pro setting or not? Every owl player says he’s trash but didn’t Miraculous Youngsters run him a ton? Is he used much in contenders and why if so vs owl? Is it just because the gameplay is that much lower in contenders?
What’s your native tongue if I may ask? Because I’m English you only need to capitalize proper nouns. I know that probably doesn’t help you:/
They recently said they intend ctf to be ranked over 2v2. Now that ctf is being added they probably plan to phase 2v2 out even though ctf isn’t ranked yet.
I get that it’s related to the season/battle pass thing but I hate when levels are obscured and seen as pointless. It’s not a skill metric. We all know that. But it’s neat getting to see someone’s experience in the game. I like being able to see if someone is new or if someone has played a ton.
I’m sorry but as someone who endlessly despised modern day gaming’s monetary systems, battle passes are 10000000x better than lootbox systems. Lootboxes allow you zero way to actually get what you want and you’re paying for a gamble that is most likely losing you money. In fact, if the odds weren’t heavily skewed toward you losing money, they would have just sold it to you for a direct price at that point. If every item they make just went into a battle pass, every skin, everything, then $10 for all of the content is fine. It’s a free game. The fact of the matter is the game needs to be monetized somehow and lootboxes are an absolutely shameful scam of a system. I stand behind the “I have to pay *and* grind?!” attitude if we’re talking about a paid game. But when I was in high school playing cod4, it was a mega grind to unlock gold camos in a $60 game. In this game people can get the actual gameplay free. You’re paying $10 for the cosmetic portion. If they would have done it properly all along and put all of the cosmetic stuff into it, it would feel loaded. But these devs haven’t had a clue what they were doing since the start. They had a crafting system at first, then they scrapped that and gave us the literal most abominable lootbox system I’ve seen in my entire life because it was an *objective* rip off but left us with as many in game currencies as a mobile game. Now they’re trying to smash it all together, use the battle pass model to monetize the game since it’s spacing it’s dependency from lootboxes (they were such a rip off for the consumer no one bought them and the devs didn’t make money as a result so they obviously could figure out how to make it work at all) and then the cosmetics already in the game need to remain accessible outside of the battlepass since they were previously available free... and they also have to implement accessibility things previously hidden in the rune system. So their cosmetic system is so butchered at this point that the battlepass barely seems marketable. Especially since unlike other battlepass systems, you can’t grind the following battlepasses out without paying. But battlepasses are flat out the best bang for your buck F2P model you’re going to get, take it or leave if. Especially since most give everyone a free battlepass anyway. If we’re being hard about it, they’re cosmetics. Don’t pay a thing. But for the game’s entire monetization model I’d rather it not be a “we hope stupid kids will gamble and waste their money so we can profit” system that people who aren’t idiots can’t attain anything they want through directly. Lootbox systems are always framed as a ripoff and the only rebuttal is “well don’t buy it stupid”. So they system depends on ripping off idiots which is a horrendously predatory and fundamentally unsustainable. This iteration sucks but battlepasses are at least honest. Consumer gets game free, cosmetics are then sold for X and you get Y when you knew what you were getting when you bought it. Don’t want it? It hurts nothing and doesn’t depend on the majority of players getting robbed. There probably isn’t a better system in the F2P era because lootbox systems are literal cancer. And if you want a chance at a playerbase in 2018, unless you’re making cod then it needs to be F2P. And even cod, a PAID FOR game *with lootboxes*, has a battlepass that’s straight up an impossible grind fest.
I have 16GB of memory and the game still crashes before i can get rid of all of the "new" icons for my items from the piles of backpacks. Crashed multiple times in the menus so no way will i bother trying to play a game until there is a patch.
If dafran plays Widow in owl he will become a meme like akm’s genji.
I mean i dont care about almost anything everyone is complaining about. But the memory leak issue is intolerable. I have 16gb of memory and my game crashes after about 5 minutes of looking through lootboxes or champions. the game cant even run on the menu screen.... And before you trash my PC, i have NEVER in the history of this game had performance issues. literally never. until now. and so many others are having this issue that its flat out gamebreaking. it either needs an immediate hot fix or a roll back at this point.
I opened opened about 360 backpacks and didn’t crash. But when I was looking through all the stuff I got to try and get rid of the “new item” notices is when it crashed. So I rebooted and once I looked through champs and weapons for another couple minutes it crashed again. So for what it’s worth, opening backpacks didn’t crash me either. Looking at champs did. Which either way is unacceptable.
Same for me. I love when this place is seen as "toxic" when the game is literally unplayable. Yesterday i was crashing after getting rid of all the "new" icons in the champion select menu. Never even tried to run the game. Today, I cannot even get beyond the intro video without a crash. Im reinstalling now to see if it makes a difference but Jesus Christ this game is busted right now.
I have 16 gigs and my game is now crashing on the opening cinematic. Yesterday I could at least look through the menu for a few minutes before a crash. Today I cannot get into the game at all. So its literally worse for me today than yesterday. I tried uninstalling and now Im reinstalling so we will see.
Literally you just typed my exact story. Ive been playing for about a year as well and I have never once had the issues other people have. No crashes. No stutters worth mentioning. Ive been pushing 144 frames from the start. Yesterday I opened my backpacks, was running fine. Went to get rid of the "new" tags, the game crashed. Booted again, crashed again on the champion inspection screen, but much faster the second time. Gave up even bothering to try and run it. Today I saw posts that the game was fixed today. Now I cant even get beyond the opening cinematic before it crashes. Tried three times and now im trying to reinstall it to see if that helps. The worst part is that now the pendulum is swinging the other way and people are crying about this sub being toxic. Now Im seeing those people say everyone needs to stop crying because the game was fixed earlier today. Except for me its literally much, much worse today. So I pray the dev team is still aware and knows that for some of us the issues is waaaay worse today. &amp;#x200B; EDIT: Well the download finished before I finished typing this comment. Just tried to run it. Game just closed during the loading screens. Didn't even get a dialogue box acknowledging the crash this time. Yikes. I guess it will just be broken for me for a little while.
Thanks. I actually appreciate that!
I know nothing about zowie mousepads. What’s the difference between them and why is this one so popular?
I’ve noticed before every other time I alt-tab I literally can’t. Like the window still takes up the screen. But that’s whatever. At least when it normally does that it works. But right now I can’t do anything.
I’m not going to lie. That’s unbelievable. If you had 1 second of foresight you could tell yourself that you probably shouldn’t make a scene about something someone else does when you know perfectly well you won’t call your friends out for it. Jesus. What an embarrassing response to a direct call out on stream.
I am absolutely happy about a battlepass over loot boxes and champion progressing that is direct over relying on a trash rune system that is also entirely luck based. Many other reasonable people are since lootboxes are the cancer of modern f2p gaming.
Have they said when the patch will go live?
No i 100% agree that this battle pass is garbage. But its is infinitely better than what we had.
except for the fact that few people had them because it required literal luck and rng to even unlock the challenges. gtfo.
Isn't ninox literally one dude too? Every time I head about this crap from Finalmouse I think of Ninox. Its honestly unacceptable.
Keep in mind that the game is still literally completely broken for some of us. I have 16gb of memory and was one of the people who have never had performance issue. Always pushed 144 frames the entire past year+. Now here I am and my game won’t even launch. Instant crashes. And I’m not the only one.
Mine crashes when I launch the game. I literally can’t even try and play it.
“Most people”? Implying most American workers have PTO. Compared to the US population, those with 2 weeks of PTO are in the vast minority. But I got your point.
I personally dont believe 200,000 copies were sold. I dont believe the concurrent playerbase would have hit numbers that low if that were the case. Especially so soon after it launched. The numbers for this game, especially it being a \*paid\* game, were high in sales and hideously low in terms of players even when the game was new and shroud was streaming.
That would be fine by me but tbh, they need to beef up the content in them for starters and then after that they need to make their game simply run better. this is getting insane. i still cant even boot the game. instant crashes for me every time before i even hit the menu. so my battle pass is just a waste for me at the moment.
No way. That’s way better than always moving your mouse a ton. The best arm aimers in the world are good at constantly resetting their mouse in a fluid way. Basically makes you have infinite mousepad. I know crazy good Overwatch pros who play on low sens can play on smaller pads because their mousepad management is so good. I know kixstar, the siege cater/ex pro, also when he plays with a hand can always resets and barely moves his arm much. I was honestly thinking while watching this vid that your mousepad management is super good. Lol. Then I read your comment. Sorry for comment on an old post but I was looking at your posts about your mouses.
And I agree with that too but in the past having those shaders indicated literally nothing.
Unfortunately I can’t even boot my game anymore. I’ve been one of the lucky ones that got 144 frames with zero performances issues the last year. Now my game instantly crashes every time I boot it.
I mean I haven’t even been posting anything really. But the game is insanely broken for me. Like it crashes instantly every time I boot now. I never once had issues pushing 144 frames the past year.
Where do I find the troubleshooting?
I mean to be fair, from the start this stuff actually *has* allowed any content about pros, even just social stuff. A huge portion of this sub is about what all is going on with pro players and a huge message about effect’s mental health when he had to leave his team half of a season for it is pretty dead on for this sub. A meme song by these really isn’t relevant at all and this sub has actually never had this content.
Splashes? That seems weird. Just water splashing? I wish I had that skin:/
In a hectic team fight where she has to be contesting point, or if she is ever greedy trying to secure a kill on a low support, you may see her burn them all. If you are playing McCree and you hear that noise you can guarantee that a flash will either secure the kill or force her recall which will either get her off you/your support/the point or force her to engage with no recall which should get her killed.
You’re the best dude. Thanks for taking time out to help me when you didn’t have to! I really appreciate it and I’ll get back to you if it works.
I did have one. Just one. And was only capable of even obtaining ONE when my account was almost level 70, because even *unlocking* the challenges was luck based. Look through my comment history. I’ve said more than once that I agree it should be something you earn and a bland xp based system is super meaningless. But you simply cannot pride yourself on completing challenges that the vast majority of the playerbase *never even gets to have the opportunity to try*. That’s a terrible system and it should have been a progression based *challenge* system. Before they even touched the rune system I have straight up said forever that completing one rune should unlock the next for that champ. That would be a decent system because it would be challenging and not be heavily influenced by a trashy lootbox, luck based system where you cannot even unlock a skin because you can’t get the last challenge. I had 9 runes completed for the skin I wanted on Nyx for *months* and couldn’t get the last one. I finally got it after they nerfed the drop rates heavily after announcing this new patch. Which was extremely lucky and I immediately unlocked the skin as soon as I got that rune. That system is utter trash and I could have gotten that skin in *days* of casual play rather than *months*. The old system was bad. Direct completion is what I’m defending. Not the lack of challenges. Both systems have been garbage but the rng/luck that permeated literally every facet of the cosmetic/challenge portion of this game needed to go. The skins are certainly meaningless now that someone with no hands could unlock them. But they meant absolutely nothing when players 100x better than you and I never even got to *try* and get them until luck permitted. That system was trash.
Now it just tells me that the application was unable to open successfully:/ huge bummer. I really hope they manage to fix this mess. At this pace, if I have to wait for the January patch my battlepass will just be a waste. My game launched but just crashed a lot on patch day. It wasn’t until the next day that I couldn’t even launch it when they tried to fix things. I seriously should have held off on spending the free platinum I had on the pass:(
Ill check and make sure tonight and let you know about that too. But I’m pretty sure I’m updated.
Highest in the league by a massive margin. I seriously suggest someone try her sens and dpi for a match of qp. It makes my mouse look broken because it’s so shaky. Tried jjonak’s one time too and it was so slow my muscle memory was reduced to flat zero. Like I can normally go “too high” or “too low” and some of muscle memory will translate, it’s just not comfortable. Jjonak and Geguri’s sensitivities don’t feel like I’ve even aimed with a mouse before when I use them.
How do i do something like that?
Maybe. I assume you're joking but to many people they actually do these things because they \*do\* think it looks manly. The older I get though the more I see that kind of stuff as childish. In college when I went to the gym I wanted to look and feel as strong as possible. Like I wanted to always be going up in weight so I would lift stuff clearly too heavy for me. Now I just want to improve so I am pretty shameless about it and I will lift weight as absolutely low as I need to. Like embarrassingly low. I was legit benching like 120 for so long. I was curling 15 pounds for probably months. So when I see college age dudes lifting weight so heavy that they clearly cant do it and screaming while they're at it, it looks insanely insecure. Not to mention everyone around them is just trying to go about their day, doing their thing, listening to their own music and some idiot is screaming so loud you can't focus on anything, its pretty annoying to have their insecurities spilling over into your life. I wish in those situations they would sound the lunk alarm just to embarrass those people.
The best quake player in the world actually plays with his mouse like that. Keyboard is in his lap though. Just thought I would mention that bit of weird trivia.
Yeah. I mean I haven’t unlocked anything new by clicking because the update broke my game so bad I cannot even launch it. Just instant crashes and occasionally I make it to the menu but minutes after looking through the champion customization menu I crash. Tried loads of problem solving people shared on this sub and none of it worked.
Ive said for a long time that this game has had power creep issues. I dont even know how it is deniable. But that used to somehow be controversial. Now I feel like youre hiding from that if you deny it.
Oh yeah. I just didn’t realize what you were talking about. A very long time ago I took mine off of being handled automatically and gave it a specific minimum size. I can’t see if this is causing issues. But to be fair I don’t think it’s memory issues. I have 16 gigs. But I’ll try and check out the page file thing and see if enabling windows to handle it automatically fixes things.
Is it confirmed to release in February now?
I have 16 and my game constantly crashes.
Oh. I remember that now. I only played fortnite a few times when it was new. I thought it was basically community made though and I was worried it would hardly progress. Not to mention I absolutely am obsessed with quake’s movement and I hear that UT only gets as complicated as clutch does which I hope isn’t true.
My game has been constantly crashing and that didn’t help me at all. I just want to play Quake. I cannot even touch the game. Just constant, instant crashing.
Still here to give a constant reminder, as a representative of those like me, that some of us *still can’t even launch the game due to constant crashing*. I’ve been pushing over 144 frames with literally almost zero performance issues for over a year now. I don’t want to hear it about my PC not being able to run the game. I have 16 gigs of ram. It can’t be my memory filling up that fast. I can almost not even get beyond the opening cinematics. Couldn’t even dream of making it into a queue. Until that is fixed I am going to constantly reminding those who say people are being unnecessarily harsh towards this patch that this patch is utterly game breaking. And that is a precise, conservative statement. Not an emotional one. I’ve always had good performance and still love this game. I’ve supported it over a year and will until it dies. I happily got the battle pass and enjoy grinding to improve. But with a 3k person playerbase, it’s pretty damning to make the game so unplayable. I cannot even try and play and ignore the performance. I *dont have* performance because I basically don’t even have the game at this point.
Mine is crashing before it even gets to the main menu. I was able to open all my backpacks right after the patch. But it would crash eventually. Like I couldn’t even look at it all to get rid of the “new” tags before it crashed. Now, after the first hotfix that came out the following day, my game can’t even reach the menu before crashing. Instant crashing constantly. I’d like to even take part in performance conversations but I basically don’t even have the game at this point.
If only the people wanting to spend money could boot the game without instant crashes.
Honestly QC was the least likely AFPS to fail. It had history. From what I hear, Reflex had literally everything and it still failed. I wish more than you know that Diabolical would do well but my hopes are low. If Quake Champions fails then I don’t see anyone touching this genre ever again until the lack of faith in it and it’s current place in popular culture totally disappears and teams start experimenting with AFPS for a “new age” that hasn’t seen it before. Who knows how long that will be.
Even if my pc can push frames at higher, I play every FPS on low. I want smooth performance and sometimes higher graphics will add in visual clutter. I know on Overwatch if you play on the highest quality graphics things like bushes and foliage are about 3x as big. If someone is on low and you are on high, they can literally see through tree branches you can’t and you will lose sniper battles. Many games are like this. Weather conditions, crap sitting in the levels, etc. I don’t want to deal with that. I play everything on low and don’t really care about graphics.
I have the exact same setup. I could too if my game didn’t crash every second.
To be fair, I would play but I literally can’t. My game instantly crashes constantly. If I’m not the only one, many of us can’t even boot the game at all.
If I could ask, how do you make it charge via USB? I saw somewhere that you often use the PCB for the g305 but doesn’t that take a battery? What do you have to do to make it chargeable?
How do you like that mousepad? I see a lot of people with it and have been considering buying one. Isn’t it typically called a “control pad”?
I don’t know wtf the meme is implying but it’s seen as two “styles” of aiming. Flicking is where you “flick” or basically fling your crosshair onto something. Typically with a single point weapon where you need to land a single shot at a time. So people often flick with sniper rifles. They only need their crosshair to be on someone for a second so often they only try and make their crosshair touch for a second by “flicking” onto their target and firing when crossing over them. Tracking is what it sounds like. Imagine your target walking in a line. Tracking is where you basically trace them as they move. You typically have to track with a weaker weapon that is full auto. You have to hold down m1 and track their movement while you aim and shoot. With things like pistols is where you tend to see people who do one or the other. For some people it is easier to just keep tracking them while clicking their mouse. For others they have better flick aim so they flick every single shot that they take. It’s all preference. I’m trash at flicking so I tend to track with most weapons including snipers. I think this meme is implying flicking vs aiming which hardly means much from what I can understand because in most FPS you frequently have to do both. It’s not like one person is entirely flicking and one is entirely tracking. Most people tend to be better at one over the other. And some specific cases both work. But most cases no matter who you are you probably do one and in other cases you do the other. It’s hardly a one vs the other thing.
That’s what saebyeolbe the Overwatch pro does.
Geez that’s crazy. What cable is that that has a female micro (or type C?) USB on the end? And how are you connecting it to a battery? And sorry for all the questions but how did you learn this stuff? I assume you work with electronics?
This is really stupid. There is also a line of thinking in politics that human nature is fluid and not an objective truth. In fact that line of thinking has defined much of the modern world. The politics of the past few centuries has diverged from most of history by a mile. Sure people like Hobbes was close to the enlightenment historically but he was by no means the only point of view. A common thread is also that people and human nature in general are largely, if not primarily, shaped by their context. You can tell because certain expectations and characteristics vary massively between cultures. People’s concept of the gods and therefore their beliefs about life in general can be connected to the climate patterns of their region as far back as ancient Mesopotamia. It’s not that simple. Sure, some people are trash and that’s a universal. But often times you can have systems that encourage cooperation. I have no doubt that many people want to be good teammates. Many people want to cooperate. But the sad truth is you have a game that does not hold people accountable at all. So one dude can ruin the game for five teammates. That isn’t something to throw our hands in the air and complain about “human nature”. It’s also common for humans to want to better their society. We have locks on our doors not because human nature is for all humans to steal. In fact, even if the number of criminals is high the vast majority of people don’t want to steal but want secure lives in which they don’t have to deal with constant conflict with those around them. Look around you see that as blatantly obvious. But the issue is that if we didn’t have locks or any rules/laws to hold other accountable, the many would suffer from the few. That’s why I despise this line of thinking that Overwatch is a great game but people are bad. And to blame Overwatch is to shun personal accountability. I also hate the approach that the devs take to this game in not wanting a low priority queue and complaining that they can’t roll out new features and instead have to work on a reporting system because we’re all “sooooo bad”. That’s a slap in the face. Imagine if you lived under a monarchy and it became a law to remove locks from everyone’s door because “everyone should just be good”. And imagine if no law punished these crimes. But instead we had a commendation system that no one took seriously to acknowledge your friends who don’t steal from you. That would be utterly stupid. And imagine people saying that this system isn’t bad because it’s “just the people who are bad and the system can’t be expected to change human nature”. You would be outraged. And rightly so. We want to live in a society with laws because the many want the criminals to be held accountable so that we can protect ourselves from those who choose to harm those around us. Many want to be good neighbors and many, many people in game want to cooperate. But the few that are trashy should NOT be allowed to run amok. The current system just breaks down all social expectations and as a result gives most people zero sense of owing anyone after being burned almost every day of playing. The most enjoyable Overwatch experience for many is to make a smurf and play what you want because it is the only release from the constant anxiety of caring when those around you don’t and your impact is limited drastically close to theirs. You shouldn’t see it as everyone being bad when a system doesn’t hold people accountable. You make a system to hold people accountable in the first place to protect good spirited people. Not because it’s some futile attempt at changing human nature. I don’t care if people who go to jail for robbery are properly having their “human nature” altered. I care that they are having their impacts on those around them removed so those of us who don’t wish to harm others can keep living in society and cooperation. If a system made by people doesn’t serve people, it is absolutely absurd to claim “it’s a good system, the people are just bad”.
Who is this again?
Close the little champion select bar. It hides the vanity menu. That’s where you have something uncheck if it isn’t elsewhere.
Probably just need to restructure how they do things. Siege is set up to where the pro seasons perfectly coincide with the in-game ranked seasons and each time an in-game ranked season ends, a new “operation” is started where the new characters are introduced and the largest meta changes are introduced. So everything gets refreshed every time a pro season ends. However, OWL’s timeframes sort of prevent this.
What keyboard is this?
Not too sure. I wasn’t speaking too much about the impact of burnouts as much as midseason meta changes. I do think constant meta adaptation must be hard but to be honest I think burnout will always be prevalent just because we are talking about esports. As mentioned in this thread, physical sports you have limits and you have to stop at them unless you risk injury or you simply can’t do more at a point. Esports the limit to how much you can grind is ridiculously high. If you don’t practice daily some 16 year is every day after school because they’re just obsessed with the game. And they may be the one to beat you one day or take your spot on your team from you.
Didn’t people say OW’s twitch presence would rise when last season of OWL ended because it ate up so many people’s potential stream time? Which is it?
What is “P P”?
Against one specific kind of content that has never existed here? Oh come on. You’re playing stupid at this point.
Duh dude. Don’t you know Quake movement that takes years to master is just strafing and swinging your mouse? Everyone can obviously do it.
But widow can consistently get picks in a way most heroes can’t even think of and in a way that the vast majority of the cast can’t contest. And before you say StAy BeHiNd ShEiLdS then explain why if it wasn’t for goats, she would still be mandatory at the pro level because of how absurdly strong she is.
That gun sounded sort of like a dolphin.
A lot of streamers are ex-pro players who competed at the highest level. Where does this superiority complex come from that because the average person is worse at aiming, they somehow have more game sense than pros? A lot of pro players competed against other good aimers. Aim only gets you so far at the pro level.
Speak for yourself. There is nothing wrong with enjoying hot dropping. There’s a lot wrong with queueing into a mode where your 2 squad mates sit in a corner the entire match. One of my elite queue matches last night was with a duo who one of them LITERALLY was just going afk to smoke weed after he edged up each time the circle closed more. They were on a 5-win streak and that’s all they were doing. He eventually died to the storm and left his buddy and then his friend agreed to go aggressive after we got top 5 and he died instantly. That’s so much worse than at least getting action. They need to just bite the bullet and stop forcing us the queue into teams. It is clearly a point of contention for half the playerbase. A massive popular opinion in this community is demanding the game HAS to stay three stacks and it is ironically in the same community that frequently sobs about teammates who don’t want to spend 99.9% of the match crawling around looting. They don’t just want to force you to triple queue, but they want you to play their way. The elite queue is, for some reason, a desperate attempt to avoid adding stats and solo, which would make this game a lot better and give competitive players something to do.
It’s almost like you just named two totally different groups of people that actually are in opposition when it comes to how this game is played. Not to mention crafting mats being available indefinitely, not requiring two back to back wins and not having the goal of bloating a badge with a win streak would make it a lot more “get wins as you go” than this rush to get your streaks in two weeks.
Yeah. The “motivating people to win will make more cheaters so just stop making anything have a competitive purpose” is so absurdly unproductive. In that case they should remove the ranked queue from every game that exists.
My assumption was that what they are calling “anarchism” are just small business owners hating the feds and saying “don’t tread on me”. I doubt they actually have any anarchist values.
Because that’s always an awful demand to make of literally everyone who plays your game. Since forever people have respected learning to solo queue and fill the roll your team needs. Lots of working people also like to be able to grind whenever they get a free chance. Not all of us have free time to schedule 6 people being on. But I like the idea of relying on myself and playing an hour here and there when I get a chance. I normally have a decent amount of time to game but it’s spotty. For instance, this week I haven’t had ANY time to play. Should my experience in this game be trash then? You can support team play. I’m all for that. But making your game intentionally alienate solo players for zero reason at all is suicide for most people’s experience and should be. This idea that only stacks should be able to enjoy the game needs to die. The find a group feature was a failure because people don’t want to eternally rely on grouping. They just want to have fun improving. The solo queue experience needs to improve. And that requires structure. That’s all there is to it.
Consider that the smaller elements you can build teams from, the more precise you can get. How do you build a match from an imbalanced six stack at the higher Elos when all that exists to choose from is a few other stacks? It’s not even a gaming or ladder principle. Just think about it for one second.
95% of actual players want goats to (1) make OWL a better spectating experience by ensuring pros get to play their roles and (2) to give their ladder experience *structure*, not to get to get them away from goats. My ladder experience in diamond/masters is that comps almost always feel luck and random. The creativity factor is not a feature in the game at this point because the comps I wind up with are never a result of people’s creativity but us just forcing a bad comp due to selfish players not swapping and us happening to be playing against a bad team because matches are hardly ever even fights, they’re typically stomps in one direction or the other. The endless “creativity” is another way of saying chaos. Creativity is typically the result of a decent workflow/environment/coordinated effort. Not from 3 random people smurfing on their DPS only accounts with no mics and calling that a creative 3 DPS comp. Even with a limited hero pool, more creativity will arise from people playing the roles they want to and are good at and offering their skill set they wanted to provide to a team able to coordinate and play around it. Not just a bunch of idiots playing whatever.
Presumably because every match would be so unbalanced and people would be ranked based on their team more than their own skill. I doubt it would singularly mean inflation as much as it would mean just inaccuracy all around. Which I guess would only occasionally matter when you weren’t playing with your same team.
I mean aren’t skinny jeans just a return of the 80s?
If you never got mad dying to doom then you are very unique. I’d rather die to any other hero in the game eternally than doom. I’m fine with doom being so perpetually weak that he is never played again. The hero is trash design and is the most annoying thing to play against in the game.
I don’t mind characters not always being viable. Hence why I’m saying one with bad design is fine to stay away from consistent play imo. I honestly wish he would just stay a last-ditch-point-stall-to-hopefully-net-a-pick hero.
I’m not defending widow either. I’ve complained about her too. She’s a hero half the cast doesn’t even engage with anymore than “stand behind a wall/shield for as long as you can get away with it”.
I’m not commenting on dooms “pussy factor”. I never did. I just think he’s a horrendously designed hero and should be situational at best. As far as I’m concerned he can be unusable. I don’t like widow either.
I played since launch too and I don’t remember a soul asking for this. Maybe a couple people here and there asked and some people are using those memories to make them think it was a significant portion of the population. But by no means was that a big request. I hadn’t even heard of that. From my memory, before runes were a thing a hefty portion of this games playerbase was very opposed to chickens having any single sort of buff at all considering this BR is the most lenient of them all on people getting downed. Not sure why people who already can literally run away and revive themselves after getting outplayed want MORE of a buff.
This was the best pro series in all of OW esports for me. I loved LH vs Runaway but this series was so, so, so stressfully close comparatively.
Same boat as you. There’s the stereotype that people who don’t eat meat never stop talking about. Anyone else I know who doesn’t eat meat usually avoids mentioning it unless it’s unavoidable because people act so absurd about it. I’ve had jobs where people didn’t know I was vegetarian for a year or more and it usually comes up when someone asks from me turning down trying stuff with meat in it. I hate when people know who don’t care to actually discuss it because it’s all they talk about like it’s soooo alien or inconvenient for them.
I despise this. My family doesn’t care that I don’t eat meat, however it as also unfathomable to them as well because EVERY holiday meal it’s all anyone wants to talk about. It’s frustrating because I eat over half the food on the table. Not much less than other people in my family because some people eat that little because they’re just picky. But I have to be the center of discussion... which I’ve been vegetarian EIGHT years and it’s still something everyone has to dwell on.
It’s seriously crazy. The amount of memes about loud vegans is so bizarre. I’ve known annoying vegans. But most are just normal people who made a decision similar to people who choose not to drink. But EVERYONE I know who eats meat (I’m vegetarian) makes a HUGE deal out of me not eating meat. I literally avoid telling people. I’ve had jobs where I eat lunch with people daily and they eventually asked if I was vegetarian from me just not eating meat. I nearly never tell anyone but I won’t lie if someone asks. I avoid it though because people act like literal crazy people about it. Most people are reasonable but if it’s a crowd of people, there are always a few that act like lunatics and have to preach to me and talk and pester me over and over and then bring it up every time they see me. It’s seriously crazy how offensive my own personal diet that I keep to myself about is to other people.
That’s the most baffling part. You think they would lose interest eventually. But apparently not. Not sure why people feel the need to harp on something like that.
Then I don’t blame him for hanging onto everyone then. That was just cutting people for the sake of money and zero reinvestment. Might as well hang onto everyone you got at that point.
If you’re talking about Brig at pro level, then obviously it’s hard because the pro level demands you do nothing wrong. If you’re acting like when people say she’s an ez hero on ladder, especially if you go back in time before each successive nerf, that this is somehow not true because it’s hard to be a good Brig vs Vancouver then you’re crazy.
Why would that be a plot twist? Last I checked, BLM is not anti-non black people.
Same thing from what I’ve noticed. There are TONS of DPS only accounts at that elo. Like legitimately every single game in diamond probably has one person in the lobby who is a DPS only account. It’s so common that the lobby will pile up with DPS and all of them are sub level 100. It’s seriously depressing and ruins matches.
Across all of Asia, I highly doubt Overwatch has more players.
You can get micro-bladed. It’s semi permanent (usually have to get it done every six months or so). My friend does micro-blading and she has had cancer patients tell her it was life changing. In my opinion it also looks better than tattooed brows because it’s moreso done by people who work at beauty salons and can draw each and every hair than a tattoo artist who specializes more in artwork. Most good tattoo artists will tell you that they don’t know how to micro blade. It’s an entirely different tool and skill set. Micro-blading is meant to look natural and real and you often cannot tell someone even has been micro-bladed because it looks close to real brows. I would not get tattooed eyebrows. That’s just an artist trying to make them look as real as possible and sounds like playing with fire whereas a micro-blader who is certified has to learn the styles of eyebrows, the shape of each follicle and the different types of hair flows. They have to learn how they look best on your face and know what ratios to use to position them. Only issue is it can be pricey. Like it’s a couple hundred dollars. Considering you typically have to get a touch up after the initial session, that can add up if you do it every six months. But my girlfriend got it done by our friend for free for her portfolio and it basically made it to where she doesn’t have to do eye brow makeup anymore. She likely wouldn’t spend the money getting it done because we don’t have the finances for that but the hook up from our friend makes it worth it. And they just look like normal, thick eyebrows. Not solid tattoos.
“The game was designed around not being able to do this. It allows people to make worse engagements and then get out of jail free. It’s basically cheating.” I can hear it now.
This is the exact thing I came to see. I was wondering if instead of connecting a smart TV to the internet for various privacy reasons, could i just use this bad boy (4GB) for all my entertainment needs. I dont even plan to torrent. Just wondering for streaming services and comfortably surfing the web and playing youtube videos. I could always repurpose it for other things if it doesnt work out. But i just wanted to know if it is powerful enough to do these basic things yet.
I think that’s seagull.
I agree. I’ve said that for a while. There is not one single map in the game that I wouldn’t pick over ANY of the FIVE 2cp maps. That’s literally unbelievable. And to make matters worse, this trash game mode that has been out for three years has ultimately led to two new maps that are the WORST 2cp yet. How is that even possible??? How do you make the game mode worse by making it a 40% chance you will have an even worse map experience than launch 2cp?
can someone explain where the whole jjonak being an octopus thing comes from? i didnt know what the connection was to the skin in the first place lol.
Aye man don’t do us like that. Gen X cried endlessly about how older generations hated them and then turned into conservative boot lickers that whine endlessly about millennials. As a millennial I refuse to pit myself against Gen Z. If we’re going to overthrow capitalism, we ain’t doing it by y’all thinking leftists didn’t exist until 2010. We all got chains to lose dog. Unite.
I’m fine with pain. I’m not fine with pain in the wrong place. I thought squats primarily hit the quads:/
I’m talking about b-hopping.
Nah. There is still a super famous video that everyone references more than anything about no hero limits that shows old school EnvyUs trickling 5 D.Vas onto second point Hanamura while sending Harryhook onto high ground as soldier. The video is literally like 5 minutes of them sending out D.Vas one at a time and the other team being unable to get a grip until Harry was able to turn the tide.
The fact that all of these call out comments aren’t even being disputed or defended against but are just blatantly being ignored just about confirms it to me that they’re pretty much shilling. Call outs are ignored. Someone asks them where to buy and a link is instantly provided by OP. Yikes this always looks bad. There is nothing this sub would be MORE welcoming to than a company openly talking about their new mouse that looks like an EC-2 with holes in it for Christ’s sake.
Quake is super high skill ceiling. But yeah it definitely gets just as hard in some other esports. Not sure who it was but I want to say it was Rapha, was it not, who admitted that quake arguably takes a lot less precision aiming than other FPS? There literally arent even crit boxes. You probably cannot find someone who hates Fortnite more than me. If it was the only shooter left I would probably quit gaming. But I'm at least in touch enough to not be a quake/cs boomer and say it requires no skill. that game has a massive skill ceiling. Overwatch is also full of the most brain dead mechanics the world has ever seen but the high skill ceiling heroes in that game are insanely hard to master. A lot of "new" shooters that people want to dismiss because they have cheesy and casual elements still cannot be dismissed entirely as being low skill. Hate the direction they have gone. Thats fine. I also dislike the way most modern day shooters play. But acting like quake is the only or most skilled fps is pretty insane.
Yeah. dude is crazy. diabotical is targeting the AFPS crowd. some people call halo and arena shooter but when looking at this game, its clear that its a copycat of quake and were not using a liberal definition of "arena shooter". So what all is the actual old school arena fps community playing? let me look down my list... oh, 99% quake. especially riding on the heels of quake champions that left a lot of people unhappy, its obviously relying on stealing the quake community.
Overwatch has taken a massive drop in popularity on platforms like twitch and probably community size. Fortnite, while initially made with a high skill ceiling, always intended to directly appeal to children. Thats literally their endgame. Have every elementary schooler with a fortnite backpack asking for a fortnite nerf gun for christmas. In terms of the popular FPS right now, the top games on twitch include Tarkov, which im not counting because i assume their is a tournament right now and this is NEVER the top FPS on twitch, much less the top game like it is at the moment. Next is fortnite which is its own beast. Then we have counter strike, GTA, pubg, and APEX as the next shooters (in that order) before we get to overwatch, none of which are cartoony. After that is Rainbow 6 and call of duty, both also not cartoony. I dont think you can even remotely say that cartoony is the conclusively popular style of game right now. I wouldn't include League in that because I dont know enough about MOBAs and discussing their appeal and target audience seems miles away from the FPS demographic if were trying to discuss an AFPS community. Might as well be comparing the changes in tastes between quakers and chess players for all I know. I actually think cartoony is more competitive. Things like outlines around characters is never a thing in most "tactical" art styles but I agree with the idea behind it: visual clarity. In most shooters today, visual clarity has totally disappeared as an ethic that leads to a competitive environment which is a shame. But cartoony hitboxes and environments allow for more potential clarity IMO. Overwatch is a bad example because its one of the worst offenders in terms of clarity but its honestly a lot more visually clear than R6 Siege. Siege you can sometimes be \*looking\* at someone and not be able to tell their looking through a pinhole in a piece of drywall straight at your face. Also a lot of game devs take advantage of cartoony looks because it ages well whereas graphics that focus on "realism" and being "creepy" can end up very dated in a few year. While mario was far less pixels years ago, even through all the iterations of his artwork on boxes to the newer games, his likeness will still look like mario and not look like horrible old graphics. So half the time cartoony looks dont even seem to be for demographic appeal because dev teams can use those graphics for other good reasons. And even then, they are not even remotely the dominant graphical style in the FPS world.
Man there was so much cringe you managed to fit in one tiny comment. I should honestly guild you for it.
These weird movement layouts were common in the days of quake before everything was super standardized. Some people move forward and jump with m1 and m2 in quake and use keys for left, right and shooting. Look up the keyboard layout for the quake pro “toxjq”. He still uses it to this day.
It’s a common sentiment on some aim training subs that fingertip is objectively better than any other grip and palm is just flat out bad. People legit think only casual players do that.
Lmao. I agree that fingertip offers more precision movements because it allows you to use your fingers. I am a fingertip user myself. But at the end of the day I would still call it preference because there are people better than you and I will ever be still using palm who would likely make their own mechanics worse swapping to fingertip.
He has the most subs. Over 100 million and his wife had her own channel (now deleted) with a few million subs. They both have transitioned pretty well and are still known in the “youtuber” community because he still makes commentary content which is very in line with modern day YouTube. So the dude transitioned well and doesn’t even game anymore pretty much at all. He got known for horror games and not really cod. But yeah, he has been known to say racial slurs or flirt with inflammatory, right wing stuff which means he appeals to a lot of the worst the Internet has to offer. That’s why a ton of trash, racist people are unsurprisingly part of his community.
Well visually high and low refresh rates actually don’t look that different. The difference is that they *feel* different. The difference is the difference in input lag. Looking over a shoulder, it isn’t super noticeable.
Sigma barely has to aim with his primary fire. While the ricochet could potentially offer interesting plays, it feels like it typically amounts to mindless spam. Especially the detonation in proximity. Taking cover doesn’t even work against him half the time because he hits around corners and then the ones that don’t land bounce. Hit primary fire doesn’t feel like skilled and is honestly insanely spammy.
But then you get stats that said awful era sym and torb are OP heroes because they had some of the highest win rates because they were only run 1) by one tricks who specialized at them, 2) by teams that knew they could get away with it, or 3) in niche scenarios they excelled at. Otherwise those heroes were awful. On my second account my DPS account was lower than it should be and I ran some soldier because I enjoy him. Did I just skew that stat? Because the moment I know he isn’t viable I run Hanzo. When I dumpster a team on 1st point koth, I run soldier because I can and I always want to. This is why win percentage isn’t valuable. It’s impossible to get real data when their pick rate is so selective. *Especially* when the dev quoting win rates of soldier is talking about high rank players who probably are statistically most likely to care about winning as well as having the best understanding of when they can get away with running certain heroes. I’ve already seen people reference the fact that in LoL there was a champion who was horrendously bad that had a 100% win rate in top 50 because only one guy used them when he knew he could get away with it.
Or maybe give the public a spread of all of these different stats to paint a more complex, more complete picture. The more stats, the more information that can be said parsed from the data. Every specific data point is going to be weak in some aspect but being able to cross check them against others would be interesting.
Agreed. I don’t care about a balanced game. Most games aren’t. Even good ones. It’s about the right things being balanced to get the target thing for a decent game, even if some things are bad.
Why release a gam on PC if your mindset is just that the experience should suck because “it’s not meant for pc”?
Or, you know, make the game they just released on *PC* function for PC players rather than for console players. They just got their second version of reach. Why do they need THREE versions of it and PC get none??? The request isn’t a rework of the entire game. Controller in PC lobbies is a joke and should be removed. It’s not until aim assist is so strong that controllers barely even have to aim that controller vs MKB is ever taken seriously. When console players aren’t at a massive advantage, they are shielded from PC players and insulted from them like the game’s life depends on it. But apparently it’s the most controversial thing in the world for PC halo to even remotely cater to a PC audience.
This is honestly sickening of a comparison. An example of real class issues that impact the entire planet today and “my video game balance!!!” I hope this thread disappears to the depth of the internet.
Doesn’t everyone says that about bans and it’s ALWAYS wrong??? Like that’s not how it turned out on siege and added a lot of diversity. Keep in minds that strategic bans will always vary based on opponents and each teams strength. I think this take is a super bad one.
And a big issue is there are a lot of white dudes who are working class and a lot of women and POC who benefit off of exploiting labor but if identity is a priority over class then those things don’t matter.
So I’m OOTL. What happened between warren and sanders? I get she doesn’t shake his hand but what’s all the conflict about?
Hate on me if you want but the reason many people considered dive so oppressive in the early days was because a billion HP slamming into you and then erasing you with nothing you can do feels awful. DVa is going to be incredibly obnoxious once she can chase any single hero who tries to run away from her. A pile of HP who can fly anywhere on top of you and then do a ton of burst sucks. But because everything else is super busted, DVa now needs to be and because so much else OP stuff is braindead, anything even remotely dive related will be excused. I just wish we could get a fat round of nerfs to every hero in the game to bring everything down to a comfortable pace where things make sense. But that’s clearly just a joke at this point and it will never happen.
Criticize me if you want but ball is exactly the same. Just look at his kit. On a fundamental level he is insane. But the meta doesn’t favor him enough. And even then he still gets value sometimes. Just wait until he’s meta or the perfect storm happens that makes him center stage. Then we will have a hyper mobile TANK that escapes every single attack with zero consequences and can burst you down before he can be. People cry about Sombra and Mei being hard counters but sometimes ball can be so oppressive, if you don’t hard counter him then he never gets dealt with. I wonder if we will ever see a world with a DVa, Ball and Tracer dive. Especially with buffed Tracer 76, if doom is still viable along side the rest then I would rather punch myself in the nuts then queue as support into that.
Why do people assume that? Why would teams GOOD at running these overtuned heroes ban them? It’s not just “ban the OP stuff!!!” It’s banning what is strategically better for your team. Shock wouldn’t ban GOATS a single day of the week.
Why are you so confident that every ban phase would work out this way? You would ban according to you and your opponents strengths and weaknesses. If the ban phase worked where each team got to ban a hero and the ban was a ban for both teams, then each team would be able to strategically choose how to disable the enemy team. Houston might have tried to disable goats for the shock. But shock wouldn’t interested the other way around. Maybe that means banning brig. Or they could ban Zarya and reduce the impact of sinatraa. But that ban wouldn’t be very strategic for Houston because they aren’t great at goats. It would vary case by case. Bans are a super dynamic thing at a high level and pretending anyone has the divination to know *exactly* how every ban phase, for every match up, for every series in every meta would go is just short sighted and stupid. I don’t doubt early on into a new meta people would ban in a very uniform way. But as that forces people to explore, they have to consider what is better to ban. And what is good for one team and what is good against one team varies for every matchup and changes depending on how teams learn to adapt to their most common bans.
What are you talking about? How do you ban “in mass” on reddit? Most ban phases in various games happen on a match by match voting basis. Meaning a ban phase would happen amongst you and the other 11 people in your lobby.
Which siege character was banned from the pro league? Lion?
Most games I’ve ever heard of using ban and pick phases, its like a map ban. Your removing it from the playing field altogether. Neither team uses the hero. Otherwise it would be a sort of dumb mechanic. When you ban something, you’re taking it out of the game. That’s why shock would never ban goats and whichever team has the best Orisa *wont* ban her.
I don’t really see how that point changes. So bans exist and then every team has a variety of comps under their belt. Teams historically known to have a bad dive or the team without a good tracer aren’t going to run it into the team with the best dive on the planet. A team with a mid tier widow playing against the best widow in the league would benefit not running widow but taking that from the other team. It doesn’t matter how diverse their skill sets are. You have players that slay on some heroes and if your team can’t match that, you take that into consideration. Every team has a strength and weakness and that offers a different strategy for you to think about. And that strategy varies team to team because the teams making these considerations have their own strengths and weaknesses too. Either way we get a shock who has to practice more than goats which means maybe more striker on tracer or rascal on DPS. But I would agree that the ladder would just ban OP heroes that are the most strong with no coordination. But that’s fine imo. On siege, if it isn’t a coordinated squad running strats and droning for one another, jackel gets banned every ranked match. And it’s one of the best things I’ve ever experienced in siege because that operator is incredibly low effort and frustrating. He gets crazy value for virtually nothing and punishes, what, teams rotating and practicing map control? If we get that in Overwatch maybe we could have saved the community a lot of suffering. Same thing if you know a smurf in your lobby just destroyed your team as widow and they’re on the enemy team the next match, maybe you want to make a case to your team to ban widow and not orisa. I still don’t think the ban and picks will be that static.
You just argued the same thing I said. That’s what I’m saying. A lot of people are arguing that bans would just be static and only the most OP hero would be banned. But the actual situation would be teams banning according to their strengths/weaknesses as well as their opponent’s. Me talking about the shock not banning goats is in reply to “everyone would only ever ban the most OP thing in the game which would be just as stale as the meta it’s undermining”. My argument is that it *is* a chess game because shock *wouldnt* ban the most OP thing because they’re the best at running it.
Every team opposing shock would ban Brig. Or maybe Zarya. Or maybe Rein. Either way, playing against shock would entail nerfing goats. And shock would ban at random depending on their opponents. And shock would have to learn to play around them having brig always banned. But maybe their opponent team has a *good* brig bit their Zarya is a DPS who never clicked with this role. So maybe it’s better for them to ban Zarya. How does shock handle this? Shock practices more comps. Other team play obscure comps based on how shock bans. Team get better at these obscure comps because never every team has to be efficient at more than the same six heroes. So the the weighing of bans based around multiple comps per team and multiple strengths and weaknesses per team come in. The point I was replying to is that the ban phases cannot be boiled down to “it would be as static as the stale meta because everyone just bans the OP stuff”. The implications is that bans vary case to case and shock would never choose to ban the OP things because they’re the best at running them. And shock is an edge of the bell-curve case. Outlaws vs Shanghai might not involve either team running goats so why ban them? I’m not sure what point I missed. you saying “why would a team good at brig ban brig” is my entire point. You wouldn’t. That’s why shock wouldn’t. Which is why picking and banning wouldn’t be static and always result in the same bans every game. It would vary between team to team. And in cases of middle of the pack teams, the bans likely wouldn’t be cut and dry and we would see a variety of comps, a variety of bans and some interesting matches *which is the point*. I don’t see how that is bad for Overwatch when last stage was 95% the same six heroes. Many people seem to think that hero bans means just banning the same heroes and everyone running the same six *after* that ban phase that will become meta. But that doesn’t make since because a ban that is in one teams interest isn’t always in someone else’s. It’s a matchup by matchup chess game. I think you misunderstood what I’m talking about. Because the point I supposedly missed is the point I’m arguing.
Honestly boo hoo. If you’re a pro then flex enough and learn new heroes. I though everyone agreed by the end of pre-OWL APEX that the pro scene was outgrowing 1-tricks. If you sign a legit 1-trick and they’re hero gets banned then that’s as much on their team for signing a fragile player/strat as it is if they decided to sign a plat player.
It’s all good friend.
I don’t know why bans wouldn’t be symmetrical. Most games I’ve seen are symmetrical.
Do you forget that Reddit is a tiny, tiny place? And especially considering there are a massive variety of opinions and it wouldn’t be unified anyway. I agree many people are petty. And they’re more likely to care about the enjoyability of their hobby by banning Orisa than they are wanting to be the one person in every 10 lobbies to laugh about a meme that no one actually finds funny. Bans exist in other games and I’ve never seen this as an existing issue nor have I even seen it expressed as a concern.
I waited tables in restaurants for almost 5 years. A lot of restaurant work seems pretty normal “common sense, you should know this” stuff. I always did super well in restaurants and got along with everyone, even the people that got along with no one. One of the things I always noticed is the dudes in the kitchens who found themselves irreplaceable would treat new people like trash and yell and scream about everything at anyone new or who weren’t respected. They usually got away with it if they had been there a while. The worst part about those people is NO ONE wanted to fail or need help around them because of how they may react. NO ONE. That’s why they always made the restaurant run worse. *They* may think they’re the most valuable one there for knowing the ins and outs. But when everyone around you is nervous and they make mistakes *because* they’re nervous, or even just not looking to correct themselves or learn, all because you may make a spectacle of them, you render yourself absolutely useless because you ruin the entire flow. I literally despise those people. Don’t get me wrong. I’ve worked in restaurants long enough to know working a busy night with only new people who don’t know anything is miserable. But as long as they are trying and want to improve, its not their fault. So help them and then just be chill and cooperate when you get a rush and the kitchen is going crazy. That’s my strategy at anywhere I work and I think that’s why I always got along with everyone at restaurants. Just assume someone *shouldnt* know something. That way you aren’t mad when they don’t and you’re helpful if they need it. Just be chill when issues arise because then they will realize that *they can* ask for help and everyone nearby will respect you because you can control yourself and treat people with respect. More often than not the veterans create an atmosphere that encourages people to make mistakes and not tell anyone. If not, they simply make everyone around them nervous because things are tense when the people that have been there a while are pissed about everyone not being as good as they are. Which is ironic because you going through the noobie stages and out the other side should make you the source for assistance and understanding towards being new.
There’s no way they’re losing drops. You know how many viewers OWL will lose? I’m not even saying that as someone hating on OWL. We all know a huge chunk of OWL viewership is afk token farmers.
Don’t ever go to a sub where the game is console dominant. People will cry that you’re just PCMR or whatever. Halo reach was released on PC recently and the devs *increased* aim assist for PC controllers by a wide margin compared to console aim assist and now the top of the ladder is almost only controller players because the aim assist is so strong you rarely miss a shot during an engagement. People have criticized this since launch and EVERY console player just trashes the PC community to death even though they already had reach, got it remastered on Xbox 1, and now have it... again for PC because controller is still too strong on a platform it isn’t meant for? But I’m convinced console vs PC debates have made most console players have so much animosity that you can’t even have a discussion about MKB simply being a better input method. They just all are glad to see PC players unhappy. I agree a massive multimillion dollar league on controller is lame. But the discussion is doomed before it starts. If you currently don’t find MKB a better input method, a conversation won’t fix it. It’s tribalistic at this point.
I’ve said it before and I’ll say it again. Being in voice chat is a waste of your mental health in lower elo. People throw over anything there and flame over anything. I’ve seen gravs and many other ults just wasted at the tier 1 pro level. Guess what? It happens. Get a grav with only one person in plat? People will flame you the entire rest of the match. You can hard carry the game and know for an absolute fact that you will still be blamed at the end. On my main account I am a support at low masters. On an alt my support was high plat so I started trying to grind it up. One match someone told me I was awful and should swap to moira or brig or whatever. I took the bait and argued back and then another dude flamed me. No one spoke the rest of the game, we lost, and it was my fault for zero tangible reason. In a match on a role I’m over 500 SR above. Straight up, grinding that account I leave chat. Even in low masters most of us aren’t good enough or coordinated enough at the game to be making big brain plays and it’s 99% people blaming or flaming the wrong things and tilting one another. If youre in plat, you should never, ever join chat. No one can convince me otherwise. People DO NOT analyze problems correctly, if they do they don’t even do what’s necessary to alleviate each others problems, they all flame over any little mistake that even people in top 500 can make, they don’t do anything with information given to them because most people don’t even know what to *do* with the call outs given to them and worst of all, games in an instant just turn into a tilt fest where every mistake you make will be flamed. It’s best while I’m still lower elo to just mute everyone and watch my own mistakes. It’s how I’ve climbed best. Listening to idiots not control their emotions makes me want to uninstall. Don’t waste your time on them.
People like to talk about how busted hammonds hard counters are. But I personally think he will be an incredibly oppressive hero if he doesn’t. Mark my words. He’s like Orisa was during goats. He’s crazy strong and it’s not even a meta he’s a staple in. If we are ever playing during a meta when he’s *actually* crazy strong and no hard cc is there to stop him, that hero is going to be the most frustrating, unpunishable thing that ever lived.
I’ve literally racked my brain all day about what, for me personally, would be that monumental of a change. I don’t honestly care that much about new heroes. But I decided that NOTHING would make me happier than removing 2cp. Know every single queue from here forward would never result in me hearing “horizon lunar colony” or “Hanamura” or any of those other awful maps ever again would breathe LIFE into Overwatch for me.
I mean is he wrong? Bren is speculating why there is negativity amongst talent and Monte is giving him a clear answer: many people have wronged one another. It’s like being asked why there is a war happening in the world instead of peace, someone responding to you that some country is deliberately occupying another to steal resources so they’re justified in responding with hostility, and then complaining that this is “negativity”. The conflict can be justified. If people are stabbing each other in the back or screwing others over, singing around a campfire isn’t a solution and people are justified in being angry.
No. It's about acknowledging when someone is screwing you over and being reasonably distrustful. When one person is taking advantage of others, that is not an equivalent relationship. If someone is a snake, they should rightly expect to not be trusted anymore. If someone is intentionally stabbing you in the back, inviting them to sing along may cause a change of heart. Or you're making yourself the idiot who deserves shame for being fooled twice. When you know what someone is willing to do, you acknowledge that change your level of trust in them in the future. If you have an entire industry of people doing this, you should NOT be shocked that there is a general sense of distrust and hostility. Its simple game theory that distrust breeds in environments of exploitation and untrustworthy peers.
If Genji is banned then that would be a crazy ban decision.
I think this is different for a competition based job. I don’t think he’s wrong at all and I also agree hero pools are good for pro viewership. But randomness a week before is not a decent format.
Well at the pro level you should understand that stability that leads to solid performance is literally key to keeping your job or making money/building a fan base. Unless you were the worst GOATs team in the league, why on earth would someone experiment to possibly do worse on something unpracticed and possibly even an inferior comp?
I think the total randomness of hero pools actually is bad. And I don’t think hero pools need to be scrapped to make it work. Hero pools will definitely make viewing more enjoyable. But it’s not competitive. Just make things more predictable and try and be even with your bans. Take this example: imagine if every team becomes all flex gods. Not realistic but in that universe you are still going to have teams with different strengths and weaknesses. One team is powerful at dive. The other plays a mean death ball. Let’s pretend these two teams hit finals for the entire season. The dev team can literally choose to ban hero’s of their own discression. What if they ban Rein and Zarya? Sure, every team may learn to flex. But every team will never be impacted equally by bans. The dev team would single handedly be picking and choosing which team should win or lose. Sure, you can argue that this randomness hurts everyone so it’s fair. But I’ve always hated this argument. By this point of view, two soccer teams could face off but each time someone lands a goal, a coin is flipped to determine who actually gets the point. Is this rule fair? Sure. Both teams know that they can both be a victim to luck. Is it competitive? In no way at all. I agree this example is extreme. But my point is that if one team loses the finals or doesn’t make them all because one match was determined by their strength being banned but not their opponents, no one is going to justify this by “well you had equal odds as your opponent!” But your opponent didn’t lose to bad luck. You did. It adds a second degree of distaste as well given that it *isnt* even luck but it is hand chosen by a team of people. So someone is choosing for you to possibly lose a key match. This simply isn’t a competitive format. Honestly randomness may even be better. At least there’s equal possibility of everything being banned. With hand picked choices, what if death ball is banned 2x more than dive? How are you supposed to feel as the team with a stronger dive than death ball? And don’t tell me “they should flex!” Of course they should. But flexing doesn’t mean every single team will have equal strengths in *every single comp*. Even when EVERY team in the league practiced ONE comp, they all weren’t equally good at them all. It’s not even remotely possible to see every team have a roster equally strong in all departments. And you know what, I’m fine with that. But don’t pretend that is a competitive format. It’s not. Not even close. And if we can’t have a discussion about that without people sobbing about any criticism at all because they hate that a competitive game’s community criticizes things a lot (SHOCKING), then the problem rests on the community. It will absolutely be funner for us to watch. But there is perfectly reasonable causes for the people grinding the game 24/7 for their job to feel that this isn’t competitive. I think hero pools are great. But they need randomness taken out. I would rather see MORE heroes banned, but provide four or five weeks out of comps for teams to practice. Then, repeat the format so that there is equality in ban rates.
If you’re saying you haven’t seen any peaceful protestors then you’re lying or don’t want to see it. I’m in Southern city that had a massive protest yesterday and not a single violent occurrence happened. I watched a live stream of Will Ness at the head of one of the biggest LA protests and it was only peaceful protestors warning not to go to the areas where things escalated and that protest was massive. There was also one case of looting and people started fighting the looters and denouncing them. Look it up if you want to. If you don’t then that’s on you. There’s tons of non-violent protests and no one believes you if you say everyone was violent, everywhere because there are thousands and thousands of people who were there first hand.
What source is this? Not criticizing. Just never heard of this site. I want to be able to argue back because I’ve seen people pretending the cops aren’t being violent or stoking tensions and it’s all the protestors.
What does means testing even mean? I’m ootl on how this works.
Any reading on this? I’ve heard that police are threatening for politicians but haven’t read in depth on it.
Careful. Wouldn’t want to be seen as one of those antifa terrorists. /s
How do you know you’re on a watchlist?
We are virtually all aware of this. Do you know how low our voter turnout is? Not to mention our country has a history of voter suppression. Add in that third parties are a vote into the shredder and the fact that EVERY opposition vote in a red/blue state doesn’t exist (why popular vote winners lose the presidency) and you just motivate the little who do vote for their choice of two conservatives to feel like their decision was meaningless. But our country is built to be very hard and slow to change. Look how hard it is to push any real changes through our congress. Now the fundamentals of how the country was built? That benefits *both* corporate parties? Electoralism won’t change this. I don’t think anyone knows how to change this at this point.
In cases like this I would prefer to pay $60 for the game and then have cosmetics be reasonably priced. But $70 is in one go the cost of the game plus a $10 cosmetic. And that gets you ONE cosmetic. But keep in mind that in this scenario the next time you want to buy a cosmetic, it’s not $10. It was just that once if you think of the pricing like that. You just then pay $70 for the next batch. And all of this is in top of the fact that this is such a stripped down, simple game. People like to frame this all as though the free game is some act of generosity so you should be grateful which is retarded. This is their business model because it makes waaaaaaaaay more money. It’s just a bummer that the only people who get to participate in the cosmetic scheme or support the game are people that are whales or just feel like a dunce contributing. Especially considering that they actually employed that SAME scummy practice of “our skin packs cost x, but you have to buy 150% the price in our dumb currency to afford that”. It’s a predatory, anti consumer monetization scheme. It’s disrespectful. I hate when the only way to support a game you like boils down to a conversation in which it’s logical conclusion boils down to “if you don’t want to be stupid, don’t participate then”. Because I’m actually fine with spending money and supporting the game. I’m an adult with some extra cash. But I refuse to support this style of extremely price gougey (and especially in the case of loot boxes) monetization schemes. It turns into a small minority of the community participating along with a few who eventually manage to absolve themselves of guilt/embarrassment long enough to splurge and occasionally participate. That’s a nah man. I loved the pricing in siege. I paid for the game. And then the pricing of the cosmetics in that game did rope me in occasionally. I probably put around $100 into Siege. I’ll never put in a dollar to Valorant. Not because I don’t want to support the game. It’s because I refuse to support predatory, scummy monetization models. But at the end of the day, “it’s just cosmetics”, so who cares I guess. I can’t do a single thing about it. I’ll just enjoy the game with vanilla skins forever. Which is a shame because I’ll throw money their way if they just don’t make me feel stupid in the process.
I may just not understand the economics of it all but can someone explain to me why it isn’t possible to just balance the pricing to where they may make less off of whales but widen the circle enough to where more buyers make up for it and even it out? There’s just no way it is reasonable to constantly monetize games to only appeal to &lt;1% of the games population by making your prices so insanely inflated. What about a $10 price tag or something that ropes in waaay more buyers but reduces dependency on whales? It’s bizarre to me that the most profitable and satisfying monetization scheme for your playerbase is one that excludes a MASSIVE portion of them. These numbers that such a small percentage of people spend money on F2P games have to be skewed by their insane financial models that most sane people can’t justify participation in. I wish the battle pass model was the norm in F2P, as long as the grind is reasonable for working people.
Wow. Thanks for the well informed write up. I appreciate it!
I wish it was just a universally known fact that preventable violence in society being smoke screened by a higher volume of tragic, random occurrences is always an argument in bad faith and should be laughed out of the room. “A global pandemic is coming that we can prepare for and significantly alter the number of resulting deaths. But why? Thousands of people die in car accidents so let’s just let them die to this too.” “1,000 people died to police violence under a system the people have almost no ability to hold accountable? Well people have heart attacks so stop talking about abuses of power.” I’m sure more people historically died of natural causes than they did by execution from their king or authoritarian leader but not a single honest person on earth used that as a defense for authoritarianism. If you don’t want people talking about shootings or police violence because it doesn’t matter to you or you see it as insignificant, say that. Not some deflection to something irrelevant.
Sanders also is not a far leftist. Any leftist considers him a center-left liberal at best.
A lot of us DO think this is all insane. And we want a better world for ourselves as this article and the protests shows. We know that the neoliberal years have caused a brainwash of hatred for the public good and focus on the market over all else. It’s very difficult to overcome. I’m sure as you have noticed from this comment section, for our population a better world has become inconceivable. I know even us Americans joke about Americans being dumb. But part of it is a little sadder than that. A lot of our population is so used to this that we can’t really conceive or make sense of a world in which we have these rights or shouldn’t get beaten by police. When those are the only ideas are the only ones that have floated around your society as you grew up, no matter how reasonable the calls for a better world are to you in Argentina, we’re essentially demanding the impossible and the inconceivable to other Americans. The onus is on us to make people believe that the impossible is possible and even if it is reasonable, trying to convince the population that their lifetime of opposing that is wrong is an uphill battle. Not to mention our media plays no small part in reinforcing that these things are impossible. Bernie Sanders is not really even that far left and his policies are totally reasonable. But the media has collectively made him an enemy at all costs. For Christ’s sake our only opposition party to trump had many of its own superdelegates say that if it came down to Bernie winning a plurality, they would be willing to risk *damaging the party itself before electing bernie*. They actively didn’t care. Trump was more acceptable to our *left wing* than sanders was and the media heavily rallied behind this call. Our country has what virtually amounts to an insurmountable amount of work to do. We aren’t all dumb. But *a lot* of us don’t know how to change things and *a lot* of us feel disenfranchised from even changing things at all.
I never said he wasn’t. I was replying to someone bringing up the fact that, like the neoliberals and unlike far leftists, sanders is also heavily for gun control. The reason for that is because he isn’t actually that insanely far left.
That was my point, too. Bernie was what made a LOT of leftists settle with having even an ounce of hope in electoralism for a brief moment for the first time in a while. With him out, I’m back to just feeling like I want a total restructuring of everything because what we have does not serve working people and never will. He was absolutely a compromise but liberals prove time and time again that they compromise to only with the right wing and never, ever will even give an inch with compromising to the left. Our votes are expected by default as the lesser evil commitment and if we don’t vote that way then we get some Republican lunatic.
Now is a good time for everyone to re-read MLK’s Letter from Birmingham Jail. He makes this same exact case. That for the white moderate, they “like what you’re saying, just not how you’re saying it”. So they constantly delegitimize any movement because it’s too controversial to talk about, or it’s offensive, or it’s the wrong place, or it’s the wrong time, or it’s in the wrong way. The truth is it’s never going to be time, it’s never going to be the right way, it’s never going to be inoffensive. The truth is that the moderate wants the “negative peace of order and not the positive peace of justice”. So for them, there will never be a time and a way. But what matters is that justice has NOT been served and if you continue to silence the discord, then riots and violence don’t necessarily become a necessity or “good/bad”. They become inevitable. That was MLK’s point in saying that they’re the voice of the voiceless. You want to actually prevent riots? Provide justice and progress for the people who are rioting. The fact that people won’t address the injustices FIRST and are more offended by the property damage shows they don’t care about the root issue the protests are a symptom of. And they finger wag the protests and riots because they don’t actually care about that justice. They care about order. This is the biggest failure of the democrat party. About as moral as it gets is a pretty face that ignores injustices, just as long as you don’t use foul language and don’t be angry. Politeness is a cancer in politics. When there are legitimate reasons for righteous fury and you squelch that fury because of the language used to express it, then it shows you care more about the comfort and surface level aesthetics and not the actual reason to be furious. EDIT: To paraphrase a good quote I saw on the issue: You shouldn’t be saying “the police violence is an issue, sure, but the rioting has to stop.” What you should be saying is “the rioting is an issue, sure, by the police violence has to stop.”
Being a multi-millionaire doesn’t put you in danger of “losing your career” in any concerning way. Working class people have to worry about such things. And unlike Boyega, that’s virtually everyone else in the protests.
A lot of rioting is the result of escalation from police. There have dozens of attacks on reporters alone from police that have left the entire world baffled. There have been countless videos of brutality against peaceful protests. And in most cities where police don’t escalate things, riots don’t always happen. The looting isn’t good but it’s inevitable. There will always be opportunists in every group of humans. If police choose to waste their focus beating innocent people, then the people away from the protests are going to have a green light to steal. Let people peacefully protests and don’t escalation the situation and you will have a lot less looting. But your concern for property to the point of wanting deadly force is concerning considering none of this would be happening if we would just simply have addressed our bloated, highly militarized and largely unaccountable police forces years ago. But we haven’t. And they’re able to do this stuff with impunity. People peacefully protested this for years. It’s been in the public spotlight for year. Ahmaud Arbury’s death was covered up by the police and it took massive public outcry and months for the murderers to even be arrested. If I’m up to date, Breonna Taylor’s murderers are still free. And it took days and worldwide protests to have George Floyd’s plain as day, cold blooded murder even result in arrests and convictions. People are angry and now people are saying the protests should be peaceful even though they’re angry. Even though every other person sobbed about people kneeling on football fields. As if it gets more peaceful. Reddit has also glorified the Hong Kong protestors who are literally carry bows and arrows to shoot cops with. Imagine if black people were in the streets using lethal weapons against cops. We would have seen these protests absolutely crushed. Not to mention the videos of cops literally not letting people go home so that they can’t make it home before curfew. People don’t actually care about how the people are protesting. The looting is an excuse to continue to delay justice. The conversation should be “the looting is an issue, but the police need to be held accountable RIGHT now.” Not the other way around. But it’s not how the people protest. It’s what and who protests. People in the US support much more violent protests around the world. People also didn’t support protests when they’re peaceful. And honestly while I oppose the attack of small businesses, if you’re so pitiful that you’re defending multinational corporations who don’t even care to defend themselves, who regularly pay poverty wages, who typically exploit labor domestically as well in third world countries, avoid paying taxes and actually don’t reinvest in our society, who aren’t even losing anything because most of them have insane insurance or already moved out their inventory, and on top of that are some of the main forces that during a global pandemic wanted people coming back to work to make sure their stocks didn’t drop even if it threatened lives, then you have fully been duped into caring about capital more than lives. And people know revolting in society and disrespecting capital makes people notice. It actually makes forces the world to notice when police brutality and peaceful protests somehow couldn’t. Not to mention the opportunistic white supremacists excited to live out their fantasies of taking ARs to these protests itching for a conflict like sociopaths. They avoid judgement for opportunism but not the people committing theft who are often poor. The fact that you drew the line and got fed up with looting, but not decades of police brutality which is indisputably the root cause of all of this rage because until things flew off the handle, no one was looting and rioting just because, it is very telling that you don’t actually care about the looting. You just hate the protests and don’t care about the cause itself.
I’m not saying you can’t oppose rioting and police violence. In fact I openly say the opposite. Rioting and looting is not good. Yes. But it is a symptom of a bigger issue and simply wouldn’t exist without over policing of impoverished areas that have seen social programs gutted and now face increasing violence from a bloated domestic military that answers to no one. The issue isn’t that people are okay with rioting. People are okay with protesting. But a large amount of rioting is due to anger and another large amount is due to escalation by police, which both are avoidable by fixing the root problem. I have no problem with you criticizing the looting and property damage. But if you’re pragmatic then you will look at the people brought to their breaking point for having their voices and peaceful protests ignored or hated and now be violently attacked and seek to fix the root cause. The point of the “no justice, no peace” chant is exactly what it sounds like. People want peace and the protests to stop but they want it without implementing the justice FIRST. At this point, I think the riots will likely HAVE to get WORSE for anything to actually happen because the police of the US are now on the international stage for their brutality and they’re responding with more brutality. There’s no going back to peaceful protesting. It doesn’t work and it has been ignored and rejected for years. People want a return to order but not justice. If we really want the riots to stop, we need to be outraged at our police state *above* the rioting because it is the ROOT cause of the riots. MLK wasn’t for riots either but he acknowledged that as justice continues to go denied, they become inevitable. No one wants riots. The best way to prevent them is to seek justice for every class of society and ensure progress for your society. If someone isn’t fighting tooth and nail for that, then someone isn’t actually trying to end the protests. No reasonable person sees a better way to put an end to the police state than this because *nothing* is working. It’s a matter of which you care about more. Order or justice. Anyone who opposed the looting by necessity must oppose the police violence first to end it. And not to mention on a flatly ethical level, if the property damage takes priority over the police violence, then your concerns are reversed. I have no doubt you care about the police violence. We all want the riots to be over. So let’s advocate that much harder to end these riots by actually fixing problems.
You’re very lost my dude. Yikes.
What happened to this dude being libertarian?
It’s worth asking which ones approve of raising racial tensions.
So I guess we have figured it out. As long as we have protests 365 days a year and make an absolute frenzy for *every single case* of police violence and brutality, we can start getting these people arrested like a week after they should be arrested. Justice! /s
Good luck dude. Do you realize how militarized our police are? They literally already want our military to attack our citizens who are *peaceful*. If people open fire on police, we are getting air striked in 0.1 seconds.
It’s not about which was the most horrible. No ones measuring the deaths. Floyd was just what broke the camel’s back. It’s was a moment where things can’t go back to how they were. His death was a monumental turning point. Even if his death was judged to be far “less bad”, the point remains.
I mean maybe it’s just younger generations but most people my age (late 20s and below) have been discussing police brutality for the last &lt;10 years since it’s been in the public spotlight. Instagram accounts, Facebook accounts and subreddits have been dedicated to “cop watching” for years now given that if you read through them you will realize that cops are killing and beating people every single day in the US, disproportionately minority, but still white as well, mostly if they’re lower class (which is obviously going to disproportionately be minorities). Even growing up, my only memories of interacting with cops were pretty negative and power trippy so I’m sure lots of people besides myself were already predisposed against them too. I think a lot of people just still wanted to be “good Americans” and support the “boys in blue” given that our country has a perverse worship of anything even remotely related to a uniform and enforcement of violence.
Sorry. We defunded the fire stations. Our police department needed new aircraft carriers.
Never know when someone is going to reach for their waistband. Gotta keep a safe distance.
https://apnews.com/16a926cc5f932d984a16646fbdf7f4ea EDIT: Edited the link.
And then what? Then backup arrives and just opens fire? And then the whole city is supposed to instantly unite and then we can fight off the cops? And then the national guard gets sent in and then what? At this point violent retaliation already is bleak in terms of outcome if everyone is perfectly in union. And we’re not. The people are unorganized and one person taking that risk when others don’t just means the cops kill you or you go to prison for life for killing a cop.
Are you insane? Police brutality predates the protests by decades, if not a century. They don’t plan on stopping. The protests are the only resistance to it.
On what planet is the removal of statues an erasure of history? You understand that *even with* statues, the US public education on slavery is already *awful* at least in the south, right? Not to mention there are tons of periods of history that are frequently talked about that don’t require 100s of statues sitting in our town squares. I’m sorry, but as someone who basically only reads history, has a degree in history and agrees that these monuments are historically of value, anyone who cares about their preservation should have read the room, knew what they symbolized and how it made human beings fee dehumanized, and realized the potential for them being damaged and “protected” them by moving them to museums, etc., a LONG time ago. It’s an insane take that I need a shrine to slave owners in my home because I’ll forget about it otherwise. Slavery and racism is at the forefront of our political conversation and so is education in regards to police defunding rejuvenating schools. There’s a strong chance that education in this topic will be much better and more honest *after* our moment in history, not worse. In fact, writing this chapter of history in which a couple of weeks saw people around the world of tossing slave owners into the rivers and beheading their monuments, will inevitably imprint in our country how much our racist past has been normalized and under emphasized and this is when people stopped standing for it.
https://theintercept.com/2020/04/03/zooms-encryption-is-not-suited-for-secrets-and-has-surprising-links-to-china-researchers-discover/ Interesting read. There were already concerns about Chinese intervention with zoom’s privacy standards.
Doesn’t alcohol ruin computer screens?
I’m not defending her gameplay specifically, but you *do* want someone pushing other sites, even if alone. Stacking a site works sometimes but often just results in a hard response. With the amount of spam and visual clutter, they can shut those kinds of pushes down. Ideally splitting up keeps their team unsure of where to rotate. They have to play reactively. But if your team is coordinated enough to then commit to wherever the most map control is established the it can give your team a foothold. There’s lots of good resources on map control from YouTube. Stacking is rarely good unless your team is far better than your opponents, which ideally in ranked you should be fairly equal.
How do you start a round without peeking? I’m asking from ignorance. I didn’t play CS. Eventually *someone* has to peek. Why not sooner rather than later? Or do you just peek straight peeking without using utility/smokes/scouting, etc?
On AFPS a lot of people use it. But I personally still say no to it as well.
I love Benjamin Dixon. The dude always has the kind of angry energy the world needs and deserves right now.
It works in this scenario but be careful with it. If I remember correctly it originated as nazi propaganda and is sometimes is used by neo nazis to criticize the danger of letting in immigrants.
I’m reading Yesterday’s Man right now. I just finished the section on how hard Biden fought bussing to the point that many civil rights leaders in his early days of being a senator considered his attacks on the policy to be so extreme that they were flat out attacks on civil rights and desegregation. He basically bent to his states racist hatred of desecration so he could be re-elected. He also repeatedly would lie to crowds and defend one thing and then vote the opposite. He is literally devoid of ideology and will throw minorities under the bus repeatedly when it works for him. It’s an absolute joke that SC was what made him the de facto dem establishment plan.
The confederate flag is used across the country to symbolize racism. It grew in popularity when desegregation became a thing and people even in the north were flying it. There are even instances of it being used in other parts of the world to oppose federal government. I believe I’ve heard it’s been flown by people in Northern Ireland. But yeah in the case of the US you just fly it anytime criticism of racism or discussion of racial inequality comes up. You say something about heritage but it’s a dog whistle that you’re racist. The same way it was during desegregation around the country.
I could literally snap him clean in two over my knee.
No I’m not using it to criticize this point. No clue why I’m downvoted. I think the police need to be removed, defunded and we need to entirely reimagine what the police even are or what their role is. I don’t think reform even works at this point. But the “bowl of skittles” argument is a right wing talking point that implies we can’t allow any marginalized communities basic rights because “you wouldn’t risk knowing some are criminals”. The difference with the police force is that they’re an organized, institutionalized, systemic example of zero accountability to the public and heavily embodying racist violence. Not that they’re a bowl of skittles.
This happens to me in games. I don’t even warm up anymore but my first matches always feel like slow motion. Like I’m reacting faster there everyone but not I a panicky way. Like I can casually aim well and before the other person can hit me. Then after 2-4 matches it’s the opposite. I’m trying to react fast enough but it’s not fast enough and my aim get super slippy. I start losing every other gunfight. And then I eventually get off after frustration from my own play.
Not sure how opposition to nazism is “terrorism” from the “other side of the aisle”.
I wasn’t around for her buff. What did they do?
My landlord literally didn’t even clean my house when I moved in from the last tenants. When we toured, the previous family was still there and the house was *horrible*. But we loved the area and knew we could make it nice. The night he gave us the keys was the first time we got to see it “empty”. It still have all the broken furniture, trash and mess from the previous tenants. He did nothing. Everything was so filthy that it was sickening. It took days just to move things *out*, then weeks to deep clean and paint because the walls were *filthy*. He also “power washed” out porch and house which was a LITERAL lie. I mean he didn’t do anything and lied to my face as I looked at it next him and he told me he did. I power washed it myself and it was very obvious he did nothing. It’s a joke how little landlords even pretend to care about their appearance of serving any sort of function in society, whatsoever.
SiGn mE uP
It was a family. Not even some college kids or anything. I don’t even know. I was bummed looking at the house when we toured to the point that I couldn’t even imagine moving in because it was so junky. I admit that’s something I’m bad at. When I see a house/apartment for rent online and it’s full of someone’s crap, I’m bad at looking past it and getting a feel for the place itself which my girlfriend is good at doing. She ended up being right because our house looks great now. But at the time of touring it I was bummed by how horrible it was even to tour. I was in utter disarray when I arrived with our keys on day 1 to see it how it was. But to be fair, at this point, after years of renting I am used to landlords making up *any possible reason* to keep security deposits. So I don’t actually blame the tenants because if you’re getting boned anyway, why bother doing extra work? You *arent* leaving it like that for the next tenants. The ultimate responsibility falls on the landlord to prepare it for the next tenants. I’m not renting from them. I’m not in a contract with them. They weren’t in a contract with me. I’m in a contract with *him*. He can charge them, keep their security deposit, whatever. But leaving it like that is squarely on only him. That being said those people were absolutely filthy. Like disgustingly filthy.
Liberal is not “leftist” anywhere on the global political spectrum other than in the US. Liberal is fairly centrist and the democrat party has been moving right ever since the New Deal started to be dismantled.
As a fellow centrist, I hate when stuff gets politicized. Like when we’re talking about human lives mattering. Then all of a sudden we’re discussing if *black lives* matter??? Like woah, please don’t get political guys. Amirite????
A tattoo shop my friend works at (not a tattooer, a manager) was in the first episode of some specific season of ink master where three people faced off in a local area and then the winner would move forward (I think that’s how it worked). The “conflict” and “rivalry” was 100% forced and fabricated. They literally made up conflicts and “guided” how they acted and their attitudes and stuff. The chick in the show literally wasn’t even from our STATE even though it was supposed to be a face-off of our city (to be fair we are a city on the border of our state). But yeah, they recorded literally all day long for days to make a tiny episode and the bs cuts they made and the forced conflicts basically made a totally fabricated narrative. I’m pretty sure some entire lines they were flat out asked to say. I know that’s not the same as all out lying and acting throughout a whole show because they *did* draw and tattoo with the intention of competing but it still gives you an idea.
I’ve never in my life made $40 grand a year and have had jobs that made me feel like I was about to mentally break.
A lot of people had to cheat to get Rapid Discord or The Floor is Lava. Neither of those are remotely easy.
That’s been my experience growing up in the south with people who like Dave Chappell. There are TONS of blatantly racist people here who love him. I never thought much of it because I’ve always liked him too. But as I’ve gotten older and noticed how much racist family members or family friends liked his bits on racism, it kind of became clear a lot of the time we weren’t watching the same thing.
Let’s all just join the military so we can LARP like we’re living like the rest of the developed world.
Of course there are. I count myself amongst them too. But the way political conversations play out, the vocabulary typically reflects the institutions. And I don’t see it as presumptuous to say that liberalism is a centrist ideology. It’s simply not left wing. There are leftists. But their presence has little to no representation in government. But people still like to call people “leftist” because they’re liberal, which simply are not the same.
This comment made me laugh more than you can understand. It’s a hand dawg lmao.
There should never be modifiers for elo other than wins and opponent skill level. Other games have already gone down the long, hard road of learning that lesson. As time passes, the contradiction of a ranked system that rewards things other than wins inevitably reveals itself to be something that rewards certain variables even when at opposition to wins. Which is unacceptable when the singular goal of the game is a win. It’s always a bad idea to have a ranking system that values something else. You can say all you want that it’s fine because W/L is priority. But if two players can contribute to an equal number of wins in their ladder games at the same exact elo, against the same opponents, but one always gains more elo or the other always gains disproportionately less, then you’re creating skill disparities in ranks. If their play style is earning then Ws, then nothing else matters. It’s retarded for someone to swap to a more rewarding play style in terms of elo gains, even if the difference between a W/L is one out of every twenty games, just to climb more. That’s where the contradiction will begin. When people realize what variables the elo system selects for and people inevitably play for that even if it nets them a few more losses than they otherwise would. It pads losses and accelerates victories. And I say this as someone who only really plays duelist characters. I don’t even run support. The system needs to be win/loss only. If you deserve to climb, you will. That’s a long proven fact in games where you have FAR lower individual impact than this one. Your teammates are bad? Too bad. Everyone has equal chance for bad teammates. If you’re better than your rank then there is only 4 slots to you to have a bad player and their team has 5. The odds are in your favor and you will climb if you deserve. Just put your time in and play the numbers game. If you have to have performance awards, limit them to lower ranks to force aim gods out of scrub games. Then once they pass a point, everyone has to earn wins. If you didn’t get a win in the match, then you didn’t win the game and what you did shouldn’t matter. If you did win then keep working hard. You’ll climb eventually.
This isn’t suffering. This cat is sweet. It has an insta.
This is depressing me. These issues have been around the US forever. Seeing my fellow Americans try and shovel all of our real issues away as being “Russian interference” sickens me because it will always be a scapegoat away from real criticisms. Even during Jim Crow era into the Civil Rights era there was always criticisms that the protestors or anyone fighting for civil rights were “outside agitators”. People helping black people in Mississippi register to vote? Just outside agitators. Our black citizens were happy being subjugated until those outside rabble rousers created strife! The truth is it’s always easier to force all internal issues onto a scapegoat. But the US has had a police issue for decades. We gutted most of our social programs and the working class, have seen stagnation of wages but not productivity for decades, still have massive amounts of racism, have shrunk our government and then barreled all of that money and trimmings into the police who patrol poor communities with more guns and continual lack of oversight. They look for the inevitable crime we know happens when people are wallowing in poverty but with not actual intention of fixing root problems. Just crushing the crime when it inevitably arises from the squalor. Our political system leaves most people feeling disenfranchised and unmotivated to participate given the limited options available to Americans. Add in that half of our votes don’t matter (I live in a red state, my vote in the general will never matter because a red vote won’t change what was already happening and a blue vote gets wiped off the map in our winner-take-all system). Then the fact that many people get disenfranchised from even voting *in the first place*. Kentucky just saw *95% of its polling stations close for its primary*. For those of you who don’t know, the largest city in the state had *one* polling site for *thousands* of people. Now we have a global pandemic that half of our country doesn’t care about, and that’s *primarily* talking about our leadership. Testing in my area is still pathetic. Most of us do not have any health coverage and can be put into a lifetime of debt in the blink of an eye. And on top of that, trump is trying to remove the ACA, which is the best thing we even have at the moment to help people who have no other choice. There is an infinite number of reasons to be mad. Now we have had 45 million people file for unemployment in the past months and the very police force that was created to make sure the status quo stays enforced and protects capital is being criticized and is trying to be torn down and rebuilt, were seeing it act with no accountability as it always has? What exactly screams foreign interference here? The fact that our own people are *righteously* upset about the state of our country? It’s terrifying to me that every legitimate movement to make our portion of the world a better place will always be undermined because it creates conflict and conflict is only possible from outside forces apparently. Conflict is only inconceivable to those who already live comfortably. Most of our population has *reason* to be mad. If you are deliberately ignoring those real reasons and writing them off as foreign interference, then odds are YOU are one of the ones responsible for this very unrest we’re seeing.
What does simp actually stand for?
I don’t think Bernie is bold enough to straight up say that electoralism doesn’t work, it’s just a matter of putting someone in office we can manipulate once our country is bold enough to get out in the street. He also is not self-damaging enough to admit the democrat party would rather self destruct than ever help the working class so they will never change. They would prefer a racial agitator, fascist over a socialist. If you’re simply saying Biden is less damaging and dangerous, sure. Of course Bernie thinks that. Everyone knows that. It’s just that some people think by participating they are consenting to the Democratic Party never meeting the needs of the working class. An understandable take but even they are lucid enough to know that in a vacuum Biden is a lot less destructive than Trump.
This is such a non-issue to me. I guess it’s because I came from OW. The champs are so barely different in this game and it’s not that big of a deal. Even if they play a duelist, it doesn’t make that much of a difference. You prob do need a sage. I play any character and if people request a certain one and I don’t usually think twice about it. In OW I’m used to just playing around others and some people are better at some characters than others. It doesn’t make them awful and selfish players. You’re not debating between playing tracer vs playing mercy or something. Your playing CS with ice balls or CS with wind clouds. People honestly just look for reasons to be mad. I’ve seen people literally throw OW games because one person wasn’t on voice chat, therefore the person not in voice chat “was throwing”... so they themselves hard threw because they can never win a game with one person out of voice chat? These types of people have lost touch and are just on permatilt. If you are this bitter then you should take a break. Team based games, especially with hero select screens, require you to just enjoy where you can have impact and expect to not always get what you want. Picking sage because your team would be better off with it is a good idea. Just because some *else* got the champ you wanted instead of *you* getting it does not entitle you to fly off the handle when they make a reasonable request. That could be a dude who always plays sage and is running their first game as Reyna. You literally don’t know so chill out. It reminds me of all the smooth brains in the Overwatch forum that think the entire playerbase is just “mains” and they attribute social characteristics to them like all the idiotic zodiac/astrology degenerates. “Why is it that all Genji mains are selfish and oppressive to us Mercy mains amirite?????!” Someone who ran a certain hero isn’t just always some selfish person who is oppressing you for asking for a reasonable pick. You need to disconnect from the game for a little bit if this sets you off. I cannot even conceive being bothered by this. I regularly get the characters I wanted to play picked. Widen your pool and practice a diverse set of characters.
It’s weird to me that people have so much bloodlust and justification for murdering someone in cold blood off of the simple justification that they touched your property but then the concept of violently fighting against aggressive nazis at rallies is inconceivable to people.
You’re talking about Philip Brailsford who literally to this day is receiving retirement and a pension of $2500 a month due to his “suffering” of PTSD for murdering Daniel Shaver, who sobbed and begged not to be murdered while drunk and was struggling to follow the contradictory commands he was being given, while unarmed and not dangerous. Because he didn’t perfectly play Simon says with his murderer, he was executed via the cops own personal assault rifle he brought in to work with the words “you’re fucked” etched into it. These human beings are a waste of life. ACAB.
