I've killed it at least 10 times. Nothing aside the seething heart on the first kill. Granted 2 of those kills were on different characters who then also got the seething heart so I don't think they even had the potential to get the other drops yet, it's still dumb. It's like they increased the spawn rate by some horribly small amount and decided that warranted switching the guaranteed drops to something like 5% or less.
Honestly it's probably partially to extend the duration of the content but also for matchmaking purposes. It keeps the majority of players in one forge rather than split up over them all. The last forge is apparently suppose to be a higher light requirement and likely allow us to forge any of the weapons in it. They likely will open more or all of the frames at one when we get to that point since then most people would just be playing that single forge for anything.
I think the big thing you're missing here is the exp cards. It's "only" ~375 caster/all 4 star cards to lvl90 but 90 to 100 is another ~252. Also Fou's, can't forget those and the QP costs for them too (hope you used them at lvl1 and not lvl100) Personally I don't really see the point in making a support oriented servant lvl100 unless they're seriously your Waifu. Considering how recently we just had the Christmas event(s) the EXP cards actually aren't that hard. I got Merlin to 90 and I still have at least 400+ 4 star exp cards. QP similarly isn't AS big of a deal though it is of course a huge amount, luckily grinding demon pillars can get a good amount back. Those damn hearts though...that's the only thing leaving my Merlin stuck at 8/8/10 skill levels. The drop rate from Barbados is seriously not high enough, though the other drops help I suppose. 7 hearts in 48 runs so far, pretty much spot on with the ~15% drop rate. Getting 2+ gears or pages almost every run is pretty nice though at least.
The exp card cost is seriously the least of my concerns after the Christmas event. I literally had to start burning them on random 3 star servants I'll almost never use just to have space in my gift box to keep redeeming socks.
Shh, nobody farm Sabnock, leave him alone. I'm totally not going to farm him to stock up on gallstones in preparation for Hokusai.
I wish we had a better more reliable way to get some of the end game armor. It really sucks how rare a lot of it is for how often you get completely useless perks. I really don't see why the forges can't have non-powerful forge armor in the drop pool of random drops like the reskinned y1 guns. Maybe one of the later forges will have that.
Yeah...so we'll have from this Sunday until the next Sunday to do them. There's basically no chance that any of the raids are still up by Wednesday or Thursday at the latest, likely before that.
Assuming you have NTW-20
This Azura is going to be absurdly busted for clearing any difficult map content and Aether Raids, plus annoying as hell in Arena. Her +1 movement buff looks like a status effect bonus (presumably like armor march) which means if you run multiple dancers and use legendary Azura as the first dancer your DPS will have 3 movement for the rest of the turn after every dance. So suddenly Flying Takumi can be Brave Lyn with the ability to fly over water/pits/trees with the support of multiple dancers. B Duel Flying means she doesn't have a BST penalty she'd normally have as a dancer for Arena so you'll definitely see her there some, though notably at least she doesn't stack up well running her plus a bunch of armored heroes...except that she can turn one fortify or goad armor into a spectrum buff if she dances a unit. And don't forget that for AR and Arena she's a ranged dancer which means she'll move after melee heroes when under AI control, meaning she's more likely to dance than waste her turn moving without dancing. And just in case that wasn't enough, likely a Tier 2 dance skill with higher SP cost for higher arena scoring. Also my god I hate this art. luls 5th Azura. I like Azura...but this is too much.
Julia Refine: HYPE Now the problem is that I have to debate between saving orbs to pull for Julia merges and like...the new Azura...and the new Beast units...and the eventual New Year banner... But like Julia and Deirdre potentially on the same banner would be pretty massive. inb4 shit refine though...then I'll be sad. Realistically there's so much space to work on enhancing the distant/close defense 1 that it currently has... Oh man, these could also possibly include the new/recent effect where it cancels out dragon's adaptive damage, that'd be a huge buff for either of these two.
Currently this is correct. However if you read the notice..."The stat-raising effect will also come into play during opponent selection in the Arena" So it sounds like this new bane neutralizing bonus on the first merge WILL affect arena BST scoring.
However she's a green bow, which means she has to deal with the weapon triangle. Flying Takumi is probably a better comparison since they're effectively identical stats and both flying arches. Fjorm is -1 hp -1 def +2 res compared to Summer Takumi, but again she's green rather than colorless.
I really don't like these new lvl4 hone skills... They need to either introduce skill refinery ASAP if they plan to actually do that...or idk. These new skills are just absurd. ~~Also, if Leavatein is in fact free, she's still really damn good for a free unit. Also if she becomes available from Heroic grails she'll be a repeated (within reason, up to 20 extra) source of Wrathful Staff which is otherwise locked to Genny and Brave Veronica at 5 star exclusive.~~ Though none of that actually matters since it's actually Laegjarn that is the free TT unit (probably?)
This makes me wonder if NA is going to get a week of increased XP before AW. It wasn't announced on the January roadmap but it was listed in the JP patch notes despite no AW being listed for them.
Honestly I just looked up the event history on the Wiki to check when Cube+ was originally. There's only so many major story events and they run for a whole month every time they happen (I believe) so it's not that hard to make at least somewhat educated guesses. The fact that we're suppose to get Singularity by the end of 2019 is just from it coming up several times in the various Q&amp;As as it's a pretty major event from a plot/mechanic standpoint.
I really really don't like this for a number of reasons. 1) These are going to be VERY expensive packs even by Gacha standards. At the very bare minimum $60-75 packs each. 2) This is including Aether Stones and Heroic Grails, two currencies which are otherwise limited to Aether raids, a game mode that is still quite new but being pushed as "whale content" already extremely hard. We know we're getting fountain upgrades soon and this could be the start of them limiting Aether Stones vs upgrade costs such that buying packs like this is the only realistic way of having updated buildings. 3) Including limited 5 star seasonal heroes is MUCH worse imo than offering a TT reward hero like Black Knight, especially when that package was much cheaper than these are going to be. This is even more true with the notice about the new changes to merges and how a single merge can effectively negate a heroes bane. Now if you summon one of these two heroes and get a bad IV you're even more tempted to buy one of these packages to be able to negate their bane with that extra copy. IMO this is a really bad precedent to be starting for this game, especially with limited seasonal heroes. Next thing you know every legendary banner will have a special bundle with the new legendary or mythic hero included. As someone who stopped spending any money at all on this game early this year and has had a relatively hard time (but successful) sticking to that, this really rubs me the wrong way. This is getting to the point of really pushing on the whole fear of missing out concept with this being seasonal heroes that you're already feeling pressured into getting if you have any interest in them due to their inherently limited nature. What's to say that next time they don't have one of the seasonal heroes ONLY available through a bundle like this?
Second skill strengthening for best Waifu? Hell yeah. 3 turn np damage is is pretty amazing for NP spam teams with her. Being NA only is truly becoming painful lately, my Summer Mordred would love this buff. At least this gives me more justification in maxing her first skill.
Pls. Stop making me want Summer BB even more than I already do D: Granted I guess I could just use a support one since I have both Tamamo and Saberlot...
No, but her third skill gives a 1 turn debuff immunity buff, so you can use her third skill and then her NP to prevent the self stun.
Hold on, I can't even decide HOW I want to fail yet.
I will admit that I'm in the enviable position of only having the Archer choice if I want a guarantee of not getting a dupe...but I already have Ishtar and don't really want/need any of the 3 available. So I have a bunch of options that include a pretty high chance of NP2 or a SSR that isn't much different than another I already have. I'm honestly almost debating choosing based on the available 4 star servants included in the pool, a few of which are story locked.
Good news for you is that we'll eventually get a rerun of just the ranking map, which means it will be even easier to get the top 40/50% or whatever as literally a lvl1 brand new account can enter and pad out the bottom of the rankings. Bad news is that because you didn't get it the first time you won't get an effectively "free" black card from getting a duplicate of the costume.
Well great news for standard and limited, maybe not the best news elsewhere. That said I'm optimistic that the meta will manage to correct itself around the more oppressive decks with this change or Wizards will ban as needed. Tron etc will be more consistent but Tron gets a lot weaker when you know it's coming at x% of the meta and can plan accordingly around that. Honestly one of the biggest advantages for Tron is that a lot of decks at least game 1 have to expect to just run better than them because otherwise they'll never win. If you know you'll be facing Tron and can plan your main deck to be better against them they lose quite a bit of that edge in game 1 that they rely on.
Since people seem to be worried about this so soon after Deep Dive, this event normally/chronologically came before DD, so it's easier than Deep Dive, or at least should be. Granted it is all night maps, so there's that. Also no ranking, so that's kind of sad for people that care about that.
&gt;Don't count on ranking map reruns But....but....but....no D:
It's not 3500 glory rank for the sniper, it's 3500 glory gained. You win and gain 100? Grats, you got 100/3500. You lose and lose 50? Doesn't matter. Win and gain another 100? 200/3500 now. You could finish and be at like 50 glory at the end.
Good thing you can use the Chalice to target raid drops too. Oh...wait.
Bungie will take note of our concerns and look into thinking about maybe doing something about it. FFS they told us a year ago that they had some sort of fancy plans or some shit and would make the old Faction Rally exotic catalysts available again in the future in some special way or some shit. Year later what is their solution? Eh, just throw all 3 of them in as available from either strikes or crucible. Literally the easiest/laziest source of exotic catalysts that we already had but it took them a year to do even that.
I think you typo'd or something? If your average light is 721.8 it definitely is different than being 712.4 for the sake of your drops. I agree though that if your weapons are far higher light that doesn't mean that a new weapon will drop higher than those, just higher than your actual light level.
Wasn't it the D1 exotic that you could crouch to trigger invisibility and dealing melee damage to an enemy from behind would deal 4x damage?
Were they all available as guaranteed rewards or were they drops you had to farm?
I figured that was the case, definitely makes more sense now haha. That said, I wouldn't be surprised if there was some glitch or the rewards straight up stopped being powerful after a certain point without saying so (or intending to be even maybe) Could also be some weird issue with old/new ballistic logs or bounties that reward ballistic logs or such having issues due to the way they changed bounties to work across seasons. I definitely remember in D1 (or early D2?) that you could have issues with powerful rewards being 1 lower light rather than when you were at like XXX.1 average light level as it would somehow end up rounding down or some crap.
Something about either the Micro Missle perk and/or the crazy high velocity of Mountaintop makes it do significantly more damage in PvE. I wouldn't be surprised if there's something with the micro missle perk that scales the damage differently than spike grenades on a special weapon grenade launcher as spike grenades might be balanced based on heavy weapon grenade launcher stats. Personally I'd be totally on board with them rebalancing the special weapon grenade launchers in general for pve with a god roll dealing the same damage as Mountaintop, though I really don't want them to nerf mountaintop. I can imagine seeing Bungie thinking there's an issue however with a grenade launcher + reload effect being better DPS than a shotgun at point blank range that carries more risk normally.
I believe Mountaintop is actually the best for PvE at the moment...for some unclear reason. Something about the Micro Missile perk and/or extreme velocity makes it deal more damage than alternate spike grenade options.
Can't say I'd mind being able to move from Battle.net to Steam on PC or the cross-save ability even if it doesn't effect me directly...though I know many would hate that it's only Xbox and PC. Losing platform exclusives is huge too. Can't say I'm a huge fan of the F2P model though...especially if that ends up meaning an even further dumbing down of modes and/or activities to be able to focus on more and more matchmaking. Menagerie is great...but the fact that you can't fail means I've seen lot of people just legit AFK and not even try to play which generally sucks if you actually want to play the content rather than just get rewards. Also as someone who doesn't even play Fortnight and has seen little to nothing about the game holy crap did I call it when the first thing I thought of upon seeing the Eververse redesign was that it looked like the Fortnight store. I'm also extremely worried about the potential P2Win moves of Eververse. We were told it wouldn't happen but it seems to slowly but surely creeping in that direction. Fixed perks on armor sets, direct purchase of full armor sets AND more than that is the fact that the new season of Eververse armor gets 2 mod slots...something that seems otherwise unique to raid armor as the 2nd mod slot is just for raid mods. How soon before Eververse armor is direct purchase enhanced perk god rolls and Eververse is selling armaments mods and such that you have to painstakingly farm in raids over weeks and months otherwise.
Part of the issue may be that people are using/relying on heavy weapons for add clear which is otherwise extremely hard/impossible using standard primaries. I imagine at higher light levels however this shouldn't be nearly as much of a problem.
That said...there's plenty of MMOs that handle this well. I'd be fine if we had something like Menagerie is now with the "no fail" experience with matchmaking BUT then you could do something more akin to nightfalls with scoring and your own personal modifier selection to affect scoring with variable rewards and/or drop %s. LFG normal/easy no-fail Menagerie with a low drop rate and just the basic chalice or such each run vs scoring runs of the heroic or such and higher drop rates of something (rare runes or imperials maybe?) and maybe bonus/extra chests for multiple chalice uses (if they fix the current exploit) would be totally fine with me and fit the F2P world imo. Plenty of games manage to toe the line of offering a rewarding solo experience that can actually enjoy most content while also having meaningful hard endgame value for dedicated players. If they keep end game content like raids and such as purchased exclusive content like some sort of subscription cost I could see them keeping them as difficult end game content at least. I'm also concerned about PvP, though I've basically entirely given up on that point in D2. If they want to cater to the F2P and more kid oriented gaming realm I could see them wanting to dumb down PvP and balance it such that it becomes incredibly hard to gain much of a skill advantage and/or doesn't rely on having well rolled guns to gain an upper hand in fights. We already see how Bungie has largely dumbed down the pvp experience vs D1 with removal of pretty much all vertical combat as it would be "too punishing" to unskilled players. How long before all PvP just devolved into point and click combat with all the same guns and super "I win" buttons that just auto-aim homing insta-kill anyone with no counterplay. Can't wait for the attack helicopter super that just roams the sky around 1shotting everyone on the enemy team for 30 seconds.
We already now have seasonal cash shop armor that has fixed perk rolls and gets 2 mod slots (1 raid mod slot) which is otherwise exclusive to new raid armor. You can even direct purchase the entire armor set at once from the store. Fully expect to see them start selling enhanced perk god roll armor sets from the cash shop and wouldn't be surprised if they started selling extremely hard to obtain raid mods or even cash shop exclusive OP mods that go in that raid mod slot soon too. Farm hundreds of hours for god roll armor with a horrible or generic reskin look or instantly buy god roll armor from the cash shop that gets actual unique looks. Totally fair and not remotely P2W guys!!! Hell even the new season "bright engram" is all old content with everything new in the cash shop being direct purchase instead.
Does it? None that I'd obtained outside the raid set have it, I would have thought if all new armor had it they'd just add the slot to other armor...at least end game armor sets.
Well at least there's that I guess. I'm a bit skeptical of the whole "seasonal" mods and such though, if armor like this and even mods are seasonal exclusive and useless after that season it kind of ruins the incentive to grind for it in the first place, at least if the grind for a god roll is as hard as it has been until now.
I'm pretty sure it does if they're close enough behind you. Had a friend using it and I saw people right behind him that seemed to be saved by it.
Yes you do. Your clan level got reset to level 1 at the start of the season just like every season, the 7 enhancement cores for completing the weekly challenge is a clan perk for level 4(?)
I like how he had a huge list of questions over multiple pages that he mentioned not being able to get through all of probably, then asked like 4 questions with saying "finally my last question" before the 4th. And even then Bungie had to evade most of the questions rather than answering them.
I know and have seen so many people crazy hyped about the reveal trailer thing that was literally barely a minute long, showed almost zero gameplay and the "new enemies" were vaguely shadows with some lights. Bungie sure hyped up the Taken to be reskins of existing enemies and people ate it up and then got hyped again for Scorn as this big new bad enemy type that Bungie was all proud of and then they show up for the story with barely any significance and are almost immediately forgotten aside a few rare encounters in strikes and the dreaming city. Hell the stream mentioned everyone always asking about "When are we going back to the moon?" as if bringing back the moon is some massive reveal that we should love and all I thought was who the hell cared about that? They talked about how this massive new zone is twice the size of the moon in D1 but the moon was incredibly tiny in D1. Hell the dreadnaught was a ship and was practically the same size as the moon as far as patrol zones went.
I couldn't even sit through the whole reveal. So much of it sounded like bullshit and I can't believe how many people are buying it all. Bungie always manages to build tons of hype with this stuff and then practically without fail managed to disappoint horribly. Beyond that there are SO MANY technical questions about the game that were either not covered, not asked or straight up ignored. Bungie covers shit in the vaguest way possible while trying to hype stuff up and all but promise amazing stuff that they then fail to deliver or the truth is horribly underwhelming. The new mod system looked great...but this will be mods 3.0 which is coming 2 years after launch. Even then mods 2.0 was extremely underwhelming compared to what it was built up to be imo. We're told a bullshit excuse that employees doing stuff like playtesting takes away from working on the game and that's why it seems like they're lacking but they have 800+ employees, how impossible is it to have some playtesting ever? If they're all working on the game all the time they must somehow be really bad at their jobs, especially when Bungie had two outside studios helping with most of the game up to this point. There's comments on wanting players to be able to create their own unique builds and really improve their character bit by bit to become stronger but this is coming off of a D2 where they limited class build options to dumb down the classes, then beyond that why would I want to invest tons of time building a powerful build when Bungie seems intent on nerfing anything powerful the moment it's an outlier from the barebones power level otherwise? Don't even get me started on the comment about how now that Bungie is independent there's only 2 inputs that matter for the future of Destiny; Bungie and the Players input. Bungie has shown repeatedly that they could hardly give a damn about player feedback when it flies in the fact of their "vision" despite how stupid that vision may be. Activision didn't even have any input on game design choices, their biggest "role" in the grand scheme of Destiny was trying to force Bungie to stick to their own timeline for content that they had agreed to, something which Bungie repeatedly failed at and was incapable of doing. People are all hyped about the departure from Activision but all this means is that the company that takes 6-9 months for what should be basic changes and frequently if not constantly ends up delaying content has nobody to hold them accountable. This is the Bungie that took an entire year or more to figure out how to reintroduce the faction rally exotic catalysts. Apparently their "solution" to finding a good way to put them back in was to just throw them in the generic "random drop from strike or crucible completion" pool along with almost every other exotic catalyst. I had faith once, I was a hopeful fan once. Bungie blew that long ago.
Datto might have aced the Q&amp;A (though I disagree) but Bungie sure as hell aced the deflect and never answer the actual question game. There's a lot of important, but more technical, questions that desperately need answering but aren't being asked. Honestly I'd be surprised if his questions weren't at least somewhat screened beforehand and he was told things he could/couldn't ask about. Big elephant in the room being the differences in balance for Destiny on console vs PC and how that would look going forward if it's even being looked into at all. Considering cross save it sure as hell should be as far as I'm concerned.
Just like how Bungie said we'd get a way to obtain the faction rally exotic catalysts after faction rallies were put on hold but that they needed to work on a good way to put them back in. Turns out that actually meant to wait a year and then throw them into the generic pool of all other strike and crucible exotic catalysts. Sure would have been super hard to do that a year ago after the faction rallies ended right away...or any time during the year since then. Bungie saying we'll learn details of their changes to Crucible this summer could literally be them announcing 2 new crucible maps and the return of a gametype or two from D1 "soon" with nothing else. We've been told "details" of future changes repeatedly for fucking ever without ever seeing anything about it. People were hyped for "Mods 2.0" that then got delayed. Then we got the system we have now as a stand-in of sorts. Then today we finally see what looks like more about what they ACTUALLY wanted to do over a year ago and still our only hope is that it actually releases this September and is actually decent. Right now that entire system looks like...same mods but as unlockables rather than consumables which isn't exactly breaking grown as a massive game altering change that would take a year+ to design and implement. They hyped up artifacts, which we see are actually "seasonal artifacts" whatever that means but at their core is STILL just bringing back a feature that was in D1 that was removed until possibly this fall.
They seemed to indicate/show that they might be bringing back D1 style elimination as a D2 pvp gametype. Yet they've previously said that they don't want that format for Trials and that they can't just bring back D1 trials in D2 as it's effectively "not actually what the players want even if they think they do". They can't even implement that as a stop gap mode while they work on something else for...reasons? With the way things are going I expect one of the 4 "seasons" coming later this year is going to be fucking "season of the crucible" that you'll have to buy to unlock basic features from D1 ported to D2 with little to nothing else. On the bright side at least you don't need to buy it if you don't want it I guess, yet after that season ends it sounds like they'd just leave it aside to rot forever without any more updates.
Don't forget that on many maps in D1 the heavy spawned on both sides right at the start of the round. In D2 it's typically relatively in the center which means a single team getting it can't be fought back by an enemy with heavy as well. Super regeneration time also means that heavy EVERY round potentially can't be countered by a super or such. Oh, and the disparity between heavy TTK and other weapons.
Oh man, I forgot about that. I'm so glad they changed that in D2. Oh. wait. I also really enjoyed joining a partially completed Menagerie run in progress with nothing but AFK players and joining a forge run as it completed and gave me nothing only to wait 15 seconds and get kicked back to matchmaking.
Would be a shame for Bungie to actually implement QoL updates like this retroactively through old content. Like it'd suck for them to add raid banners to Y1 Leviathan raids...especially when they're now going to be giving the game away for free to players with the Y1 raids available to all of those players as seemingly the only free raids.
Good news for you is that without playing D1 you literally have about the same understanding of D1 lore that people who played it have. All of the D1 lore was tied to sources outside the game to read it at all short of actual in game actions of your guardian. There's plenty of online resources to read the lore or even watch youtube videos of it being explained etc. Actually putting the lore in the game was the best thing D2 improved upon from D1 probably.
Experience hasn't made me optimistic about this. And I don't know if I'd say we're getting more control over armor...just looked like we're getting unlockable mods for our character/account rather than consumables in each piece of armor.
It seems like at least for Shadowkeep the DLC comes with a single "season pass" which is presumably whatever season it's called during Shadowkeep for 3 months. After that you either have the next 4 seasons included if you paid for the $25 extra deluxe edition or you can buy them individually if you want them as they come out, though we don't have a price for individual seasons yet it seems. It's unclear if there will be more "expansions" during that year covered by those 4 seasons that you'll need to buy as well and what will happen if those expansions also include a "free" season with their base purchase. It seems like they talk about extra seasons beyond what you've purchased being turned into an equivalent value in silver if they would go beyond season 11 which I assume is their planned end for D2, so I'd guess that if you get the 4 seasons for next year covered with the Deluxe edition and then a future expansion also comes with a season pass it will be converted into something like ~$7-8 in silver.
If I were to guess I'd HOPE at least that it does something with letting you "merge" your character into a single character of that class basically. So you'd have 3 slots, 1 for each class and those characters would basically be combined. No idea how it'd work for character look (maybe finally the ability to change it???) and such but progress and such SHOULD be possible to combine. No idea how stats would work though for things like Destiny Tracker, likely they'd remain console exclusive.
I think that a point that people are missing here is that not only do many locations and such have data caps that make this insane, even without data caps ISPs in many locations are NOT going to be happy about this if it becomes mainstream. US ISPS are already pissed about streaming services like Amazon Prime and Netflix and complain that those people use too much bandwidth compared to what they pay vs other people who pay the same and use less. They want to charge the user and/or Amazon/Netflix for that increased usage. You suddenly start having thousands of people using far more data for gaming with Stadia? Yeah I'm sure they'll be FINE with that. Oh, and even with a good high speed internet at your home if everyone around you is using their max bandwidth you can easily get hit with slowdown and have performance plummet. Not the end of the world if you're downloading a game but when suddenly your live game goes from 4k 60fps to 360p at maybe 30fps you're going to be upset.
Have you tried talking to Benedict or the guy on the Barge?
This is specifically in regards to Horizon's sealed however. You're stuck with 6 packs of whatever you open so you lose out on a lot of potential synergy you'd have in a draft deck. Snow for example seems like it'd be borderline impossible to actually have a good deck as you're stuck with a maximum of 6 random lands without getting an extra foil. A lot of the Horizon's decks rely pretty heavily on synergy so you're not likely to have a very strong Ninja or Sliver deck with just 6 random packs unless you get incredibly lucky.
I don't think Bungie has ever really patched the chests itself, they always found a workaround. I believe in that case you had a buff that was required to open the chest which disappeared upon opening to avoid cheesing. I imagine a similar thing could be done with menagerie or the chest could just personally deapawn for you once you opened it.
It absolutely out-dps's loaded question by quite a lot, wouldn't be surprised if it was 50% or higher. You just fire mountaintop far far quicker even if each individual shot does less damage. Having to charge up each shot for loaded question lowers it's dps output considerably. There's also then the fact that you can only have the reservoir burst perk active until you have less ammo than a full magazine, meaning you're only getting at most 13 out of 20 shots at max damage while mountaintop can get the same consistently high damage on all of up to 23 shots. It's particularly insane in gambit prime where a good reaper can be consistently dropping their special ammo bricks for you that can completely refill the reserves of mountaintop, not that you'll really need it beyond the second dps phase (you can't kill the boss in the first phase as it goes immune). It's quite easy to spam an entire reserve of mountaintop in a single damage phase. In a single damage phase with a well of radiance I can easily spam mountaintop and end up having 600k+ primeval damage on the scoreboard at the end of the match all from that one damage phase firing 19-23 grenades or so.
Honestly just making buffs additive rather than multiplicative would go a LONG way to nerfing the overall insanity of boss melt strategies in most cases. You get well + melting point + trenched barrel? Ok currently that's a ~304% damage buff due to the buffs stacking multiplicatively. Switch them to additive and you're only getting 125% damage bonus. Another honestly less utilized but still insanely broken effect is the insane fact that you can stack Well of Radiance with Empowering melee. Well specifically overwrites and doesn't stack with an empowering rift and an empowering rift overwrites empowered melee but for whatever reason you can stack empowered melee and well of radiance despite well being a better empowered + healing rift. Mods that give damage buffs also doesn't make things any better with all the damage multipliers stacking.
Honestly I think it'd be fine if we had rally barricade and no lunafactions. Then you at least require the coordination of a titan plus warlock for the full effect and you have to specifically be behind the rally barriacde so it limits your movement even more than just standing in the well. Currently with Lunafaction boots Titans really don't have much of a job in many end game encounters outside of occasionally using melting point if it works on the specific boss, Warlocks just do their job and more better than Titans can to begin with.
Wouldn't really even be an issue if some of the Chalice perks that are suppose to increase runes from X source actually worked....or if the runefinder buff actually worked and stacked like it seemingly is suppose to. Ran a group of 6 in Mayhem with all of us using the runefinder buff, still had people getting 0 runes at times and nobody ever got more than 2. I get 1 rune without a buff active most of the time to begin with and with Rune Bonus 1 you're suppose to get "grants an additional rune from X's bounties and Runefinder consumables" yet I got 2 from it before and after. On top of that...the third slot upgrade also says increased rune drops from the treasure hunt bounties and yet I'm not sure either of those bounty increases actually work. Shouldn't running a group of 6 with runefinder buffs allow you to get +6 runes on top of the 1 base and 1 extra from Rune Bonus 1? Even if it's only a chance at each of those up to 6 bonus it should still be possible to at least get 3 or 4 in most cases yet I've NEVER seen more than 2 runes from any activity. If they don't stack why does the description imply that it stacks and it shows up in your menu as an active buff when you're in a fireteam with someone else using it?
The really stupid thing IMO is that the progress is all specific to only your kills. It can be really frustrating doing strikes with 2 other random people also farming for Wendigo and just kill stealing each other the entire time. Without an option to solo (or duo) a strike without matchmaking there are just so many issues. I really don't see why they couldn't have left progress during nightfalls in...at least that gave you the option to solo even if generally you ended up fighting harder enemies due to extra shields etc.
Yeah, definitely an annoying bug. Someone told me this was intentional by Bungie to make flawless currently impossible but I really doubt that. It's amazing how Bungie seems to consistently have issues like this and the Guitar errors in Last Wish that are huge issues for people aiming for literal in game Triumphs and such and yet it seems to take forever for anything to be done about it. Hopefully this time it gets fixed faster than the Guitar errors in LW...
This is great and all, and I've discovered this myself, but I really wish there was an option to just remove the slotted rune rather than replacing it. I wasn't aware that while the Chalice is shared account wide and runes are shared account wide, slotted runes are character specific. I prepared for reset last night by putting in runes for a Hand Cannon on my Warlock planning to run Menagerie on my Hunter after reset only to find that I had to swap back to Warlock and slot other random runes in to get the HC runes I needed returned since I didn't have more of them.
While it certainly won't out-DPS the current kings in regards to the other trenched barrel shotguns I'm very curious how viable this gun could be for content where you also care about ammo effeciency. Say you're using this SG for clearing the wizards/knights/ogres in Crown of Sorrow's final encounter, being able to kill them in 1 or 2 shots less might be a big deal as far as not worrying about running out of ammo and/or still having more ammo for boss dps or such if you were using a SG. You might kill them X seconds faster with Threat Level or such but if by the end of your 6th kill or whatever you have an extra 6+ shots that could end up being a big deal. Granted, currently at 750 light there's absolutely nothing where this is actually required as there are simply better boss DPS options at end game that melt bosses before you'll run out of ammo while the adds you need to kill don't require anything as strong as this. The fact that Menagerie has raid banners before each encounter similarly makes the likelyhood of you ever worrying about running out of ammo pretty much nonexistant.
Ok, but how do I find and equip sunglasses to prevent myself from being blinded any time I'm falling any decent distance and my knees decide to turn into blinding suns directly in my face? Fun things you can do with Peregrine greaves: 1 shot the Knights in Last Wish during the vault encounter and queenswalk (at least the one in the heart so probably also the ones outside) 1 shot the Ogres in Crown of Sorrow during both the 3rd and 4th encounter. Might require some higher light level, I did this at 740-742 I believe? Deal something stupid like 103k or 130k damage with your melting point when using it against Riven and such, a nice bonus for taking time to debuff the enemy while everyone else can start shooting before you. Absolutely ruin that poor innocent low level patrol mob that looked at you funny. Make hunters cry about how weak their throwing knives are in crucible. Bonus points for laughing at how much damage you do to someone in golden gun because you'd 1shot them anyway without the greaves because golden gun has zero damage resistance to begin with. I'm totally not a slightly salty hunter main who is enjoying these boots a bit too much.
I honestly wasn't trying to be rude or anything either, I've never played D2 on console or even really seen it played either. Hammerhead on PC can easily compete with sniper range and unless you're VERY good with a sniper you have very very hard time fighting back against it short of using Izanagi's Burden and hoping that the ability to just get a body shot will get you there. It's not uncommon to have 2-3+ people instantly aiming MGs at you the second you're visible on PC, though this is notably more often true on the old Gambit maps and less common on the larger Gambit Prime maps. There's next to no range on any of the Gambit maps that you can't easily "snipe" with hammerhead let alone the new MGs that are even harder hitting with longer range and potentially even higher stability. The low to nonexistant aim assist on snipers and the heavy flinch you immediately get upon a hit from a MG (particularly people running HCR) doesn't help matters either, though I have seen more people trying to run Beloved which might be more viable with No Distractions now. For the record, I run the curated roll Hammerhead because I've yet to get a better pvp version. So I'm running it with Hammer Forged, APR, Feeding Frenzy, Rampage and a handling masterwork. On top of that I'm running major spec (or sometimes backup mag) in mine since I use it in PvE mostly and just use it in Gambit and PvP as well often times. Even without the more ideal perks such as Tap the Trigger or a possible Counterbalance Mod it has borderline zero recoil and can easily snipe even at the longest ranges in Gambit. And yes, at the end of the day I think this is a case of "the PC sandbox is busted with hammerhead" but rather with all MG's in general. I certainly know I've heard Datto mention it in a few of his videos over the past few months, most recently in his video talking about Season of the Drifter as it was ending. Overall MG's are EXTREMELY dominant as far as heavy weapons go on PC, the only thing that really competes with them at all is grenade launchers and even then it's often only due to people trying to grind for mountaintop. Range and lack of recoil isn't the only factor however, the insane amount of ammo you get compared to the bullets to kill is also a big deal. I can pick up ~50-70 rounds for my Hammerhead off of a single ammo brick in Gambit, or a single Armaments mod proc, and then get a nearly guaranteed kill with 10 bullets or less most of the time. I'll often manage to invade and get an army of one and still have plenty of ammo to invade again without needing to get more. Also, I'll point out that High Impact Reserves is a pretty stupidly insane perk on MGs in pvp situations, especially with perks that increase magazine capacity. You can often get down to low ammo left in the magazine and get a fairly significant reduction in TTK due to the buff. Once I finally unlock the ability to get blue runes I'm looking forward to trying to get a Fixed odds with Tap the Trigger, No Distractions and High Caliber rounds for PvP use and seeing how dumb it can be.
I honestly feel like Japanese studios (or American branches of Japanese companies) are just incapable of having good English voice acting. An American or otherwise Western game? Yep here's some great voice actors and actresses. Japanese origin? Oh boy lets find a way to make this as horrible as possible. And I'm not really going to say this blame should be on the VAs, I'm sure some of it comes down to directing and such but the end result is just bad. In my head it feels like they just don't care. The Japanese company cares about the quality of the game and the voice acting in Japanese for "their people" while everyone else will just put up with whatever else and deal with it, they don't really care if it's not ideal. That said, I'm not sure if the whole Voice Acting strike or whatever issues it was (or still is?), was going on during the production of BoTW, if so that could be partially to blame for some of the issues if they had someone else in mind for the role but couldn't get them for whatever reason.
I don't know if I should complain that I somehow "missed" the story or that you somehow imagined up a story where there wasn't one. I felt like I'd rate BoTW as something like a 9/10 or even 9.5/10 or higher as a GAME, but something like a 5/10 or worse for a Zelda game. The story just felt like crap and a lot of the standard growth, progress etc of a standard Zelda game where you gradually unlock more and more of the world and actually feel like you're living the story of this hero felt like it wasn't there. It felt like the story was just as generic as could be while allowing you to do whatever you wanted however you wanted and in whatever order you wanted. None of the "story" really felt like it mattered. It certainly didn't help that none of the side quests felt remotely relevant because you never got anything more than some rupies for your trouble rather than getting unique and interesting items or even heart containers like you might in other Zelda games. I'll admit that the premise of the story had some promise and Zelda was an extremely interesting character with a lot of potential, but that all felt like it was wasted. The "big bad" enemy was basically a generic "bad guy" enemy that literally did nothing but wait for you to come kill him and never said a word about it even. So many previous Zelda games have told amazing stories with Ganon (or other enemies) actually having a solid backstory and even being relatable on some level but in BoTW it was literally NOTHING. I beat the game and was basically just saying to myself "That's it?" with how unrewarding it felt. The whole grand adventure of a Zelda game just wasn't there, you never went from a weak and horribly outmatched "child" to a real Hero that then finally managed to overcome the odds and save the day, you just kind of walked around until you decided to end the disaster and that was that. And yes, I found all of the memories etc, I did most all of the side quests as well I believe. TL:DR BoTW is a great game but it feels like they tried so hard to make it this massive open world experience that it lost what makes LoZ games "Zelda" games, it felt like it could have been any other generic RPG with another name.
While I agree with most of your points I just wanted to comment on a few things. OoT certainly is complex enough for me, the simplicity these days seems more from people having played it to death. MM is complicated but imo largely by the time limit and having to track what and how things do or don't reset and how to manage all of that along with what effects other things etc. When WW came out a LOT of people were turned off from the game and/or complained that it looked too cartoony andn they didn't like the art style. The game might be my all time favorite Zelda game however and I love the art style, you just have to take it for what it is and accept that. A lot of people went in expecting a "realistic" art style after playing Ocarina and MM and thinking that the jump to the Gamecube would mean we'd suddenly get totally real looking graphics. WW just went against the direction people wanted and they refused to move past that. It certainly aged faaaar better than "realistic" graphics of the day would have however. TP it almost feels like the opposite happened, at least to some people, they tried to go back to more of a realistic art style and yet still couldn't push all the way there and as such it might end up looking "bad" or not aging as well to some people. Personally I think this is more of the game pushing for a "dark" atmosphere more than trying to be realistic. It's hard to have graphics like WW and still try to push a dark atmosphere with everything looking bright and colorful. Can't really comment on SS...I should go back and actually play that. Definitely agree that BoTW wasn't too big, that was one of it's strengths imo, it just needed a less open direction and a more cohessive story to go along with it. Exploring is great and all but it didn't feel like you were really progressing meaningfully rather than stumbling around until you finished while the story was randomly thrown at you in pieces you really had no interaction with.
inb4 they moved the special heroes banner to early July to make room for ANOTHER summer banner because they need that sweet sweet swimsuit money.
Do we actually have anything that references different timelines in the game? I mean...do different worlds inherently mean different timelines? I know different timelines is a very FE thing to begin with at least since Awakening but I don't know if I really ever got the impression we had any instances of multiple timelines of "our" world. That said, do we even have any references to "the summoner" in different worlds that we summon heroes from or otherwise interact with? It always felt to me like we the player character were always THE summoner. Of course this is a pretty cheesy mobile game to begin with, the entire idea of ripping someone out of their world to bring them into our world to fight for us doesn't really make a whole lot of sense, at least not if we care about and/or consider the implications of what would happen to those worlds losing their heroes as we take them away. The "story" in this game has always felt very arbitrary and borderline throwaway, especially with how forced the inclusion of new heroes from other FE games or seasonal variants is.
I honestly can't even remember if I got all the various triumph shit on my account in D1 on PS4. I feel like I might have just given up toward the end of D1 when they announced PC for D2 and that you wouldn't be able to transfer that stuff over to PC from console. On one hand I'd be a bit upset if they suddenly changed that decision and I was missing out, on the other hand I'd totally understand people being happy for it. THAT SAID. One thing that SHOULD be extremely simple with the account merge is the ability to flag D2 PC accounts as Veteran accounts. I am SO sick of my idiot ghost treating me like I didn't kill Crota, Oryx, the heart of the black garden etc and treating me like some idiot who doesn't know what the Taken are and such. Seriously, if there's no way to combine accounts or whatever such that my PC account which is linked to the same damn Bungie.net account as my D1 PS4 account can trigger a single flag in the database for alternate dialogue I'm going to lose it. It should have been a thing at D2 PC launch but we had all of the standard excuses of cross save and such being impossible. Now that we don't have that trouble I want my respect and acknowledgement for being a D1 veteran!
No
Ok, but it's literally the second week of the season, have you even done the raid all 6 times between three characters that you could have? If this was the OG Leviathan or such back before we were able to get shaders from collections you'd have at most 3 shaders per run that you've done and in that case there'd only be one shader from the raid (technically 2 when you factor in the prestige variant) I think the only real issue here is that the raid is so new and you haven't yet been drowned in duplicate armor and such that you're just constantly dismantling it without even thinking about it most of the time. Once you've done a bunch more runs it will literally be a non-factor in the grand scheme of things.
World ends with you is also a mobile port of a DS game, so kind of depends on if you'd count that or not.
You don't even have to kill 1 easy anymore with the area control based scoring system. You could literally deploy a lvl1 handgun and immediately end your run and get a 10k score for a guaranteed 50 gems 2k x4 resources without even needing to fight a single enemy.
And here I am only having farmed a second copy so I can eventually have one with her L2D and one with her Yukata. Her Yukata ended up costing me 1.8k tokens, or however much it breaks down for the 200 exchange tickets, when it was available. Do I want to ask how/when we get her ID card background?
I think you might have misunderstood my comment. I literally have over 400 enhancement cores and have been dumping them without care on infusion since the update. Granted I'm now already at the point of being 750. It turns out that running all of the (current anyway) raids every week on each characters piles up cores fast between curated drops and the weekly 7 cores from the clan exp engram (once that's available this season again at least). Picking up the new Banshee quests is just extra on top of that now.
As someone who can't keep track of all of these names, who is Infukun and what would this imply for the game if true?
I'm going to be honest, I have no idea where or why I thought they normally had an 8s ICD. Personally I'd say the better tiles more than make up for the loss of HG dps. Usually it's not all that impressive while that extra 8% or higher FP buff is pretty big, especially if your whole team is getting it.
Sounds like you just had bad RNG, at least if you didn't want that many ARs and MGs. I had a run where I got 3 pairs of hunter gloves out of 4 chests, it happens.
I did this once in D1, and it was definitely my own death that dropped the engram. It was between checkpoints in a raid with my killing myself with a rocket with no other enemies in the area.
Few things have made me more excited about the fact that I got spooked by Karna than looking forward to this animation update. The others being the situations where he's actually really good in to begin with anyway. Now if only his 3rd skill actually scaled it's NP battery and/or I didn't level it to 10 without realizing it didn't like an idiot.
The upgrades are account wide aren't they? The chalice is shared between all of your characters.
Shame that a lot of PVP has devolved into everyone basically having to run 5 super mods because of how much matches turn into who gets to super first into super chaining and super vs super. Running 2-3 paragon mods can cost you quite a lot in that regard and no amount of dodging is going to magically save you against basically any enemy roaming super. If you aren't running Stomp33s Hunter jump is far less amazing and yet without Dragon's shadow the dodge roll class ability is equally fairly underwhelming as you lose a LOT of utility and don't even get the reload effect. God forbid you use the actual reload specific dodge which does next to nothing in crucible but get you killed.
The top players are mostly hunters because they have the best overall neutral game or w/e sure. Hunters are the most played class in crucible largely because a lot of people like hunters and it's proportionally more peoples main/favorite class. Most people are not remotely close to the top pvp players in skill level. At low skill levels hunter doesn't really bring nearly as much to the table compared to warlocks and titans. Titans and Warlocks both bring much better "noob friendly" options to the table, including their supers in many cases, especially now that spectral blades isn't as insanely broken as it previously was. A high skill player will absolutely shit on a low skill player no matter what classes they're playing respectively. You aren't going to see a lower skill player on hunter magically beating a great player just because that player is on Titan. On the other hand in many cases a low skill player on Titan can have a pretty huge advantage against a similarly low skill player on Hunter, especially when they can be 1-shotting that player with shoulder charge and/or using OEM to be able to track through walls, heal and have an overshield etc. And guess what? If the majority of the game is players on the lower end of the skill spectrum that means that they're going to be more vocal about the imbalance at low skill levels, not the nitty gritty best case scenario of high skilled players. Also at the end of the day devs don't balance their general pvp experience around the top 1% of players, they balance it around the majority of players because they want it to be fun for those players. Destiny 2 doesn't have a "pro" scene, it's on fucking P2P to begin with and we haven't had the "end game" pvp content with Trials in over a year. I main a hunter because I like hunter more than warlock/titan but even then that's more in PvE than PvP. I've played a hunter mostly since day 1 of D1, I'm far more comfortable with their movement and such than I am with Titan or Warlock. I'm not good at pvp, honestly I don't know where I fall compared to "average". I had to work pretty hard to get to 2100 glory for recluse and mountaintop (didn't know about the "trick" with using the weekly bonus slowly) but I managed. Playing against other similar or worse skilled players in crucible I end up doing FAR better playing on Titan than on my Hunter.
I miss having blink on hunter....
Do they...not? Honest question because I don't use 140 RPM HC's aside AoS I guess and I suppose I might have never noticed? If it takes 3 headshots to kill with 140s AND 150s, wtf is the point of 140s? This is on PC so I have no idea if/how bloom factors in at all between 140s and 150s
I wouldn't count on that. Arc week really felt like Bungie grasping at straws to add anything they could do the Season of the Drifter calendar to make it look less barren of content than it was. They refused to give ANY information ahead of time for what it actually was and when it came it was utterly underwhelming for an "event". It was an excuse to add another box of text on the calendar and nothing more as far as I'm concerned. That's not to say we won't eventually see buffs to the other subclasses, but I wouldn't expect them for everything and I wouldn't expect them all at once or anything.
I feel like they could have something that for example required you to get a certain score nightfall completion in every available strike solo, but outside of that it's hard to really make a challenge. I guess Bungie just feels like there's enough "pve" title grinds that adding another doesn't make sense. All of the raid titles are in some sense vanguard titles as raids are technically the highest level vanguard activity in a way. The big problem imo is that any real "vanguard" title would end up likely being tied to achievements in all nightfalls...and you're stuck with relying on RNG for what nightfalls you get each week so it could be extremely frustrating not being able to get the title because X/Y/Z refuses to be the nightfall. It's bad enough with titles requiring ONE specific nightfall, let alone if you needed to achieve something in every one of them.
I didn't even realize there WAS an orb week and that I should be paying more attention and putting in more effort... Now I'm worrying that the one week I totally forgot to do it at all was orb week. Oh well.
Not to mention the fact that the ability to pair up removes the bonus stats that said legendary hero provides aside hp, making them much less useful in basically every other situation you'd otherwise want a legendary hero for. Oh and Allegiance Battle has to once again push the bullshit armor/whale oriented Arena meta of wanting/needing high BST and high skill value heroes more than just being able to use whatever you want like you could in Blessed Gardens.
I feel like just about everything about Allegiance battle sucks. It's just a poor mode. Not that Blessed Gardens was a great mode to begin with, but replacing it with what effectively boils down to another "arena" style mode but vs random normal mobs instead of other players!!! Isn't really solving much. I really didn't want yet another mode with that relied on BST/Skill cost weighting and had rewards tied to rankings against other players, we had more than enough of those types of modes already...too many imo. And then on top of that they effectively made all new and future legendary heroes effectively worse in every piece of content that you'd otherwise want them in normally for their blessing buffs as all new heroes only provide +5 hp and the pair up ability.
I too like to make stuff up on the internet to act like I can show off to people. Have fun.
Not only have I seen no more than a single close match all day but the actual connections during matches seems god awful. Destiny P2P pvp isn't the best to begin with a lot of the time but I'm straight up having shots that are directly lined up just not hitting at all and people teleporting all over the place like crazy. Meanwhile my connection status is displaying a full bar.
Well I managed to get Quick Launch, Spike, Field Prep, Ambitious Assassin and Velocity MW. Not the absolute best but better than I was expecting for how quick I managed to get it. Not sure if I'll keep trying for a more perfect one or save tokens to try to get better armor with perks I want once I've made progress on the quest. Does anyone know the order the quest gives you the armor in, and if as soon as you unlock X armor piece if it's available in packages? Wondering if I'll be able to stop at a certain point in the quest to be more likely to get the class item rather than a mix of all armor.
This is absolutely what I assume was the case. Japan is VERY sensitive about that sort of stuff. I remember episode 11/12 of Madoka got delayed for more than a month due to the 2011 Earthquake and Tsunami (granted that was a huge event that did tons of damage) and a large part of that was due to the relevant nature of the episodes content. Especially ever since that event in 2011 Earthquakes and Tsunamis have been very sensitive topics. IS releasing a trailer and a new hero with anything referencing a Tsunami right after an Earthquake and Tsunami concerns relating to said Earthquake would be considered in very poor taste and could easily get IS and Nintendo a LOT of bad press and even boycotts etc in Japan.
Most of these changes sound great, but some of them I have a slight issue with. The fact that all previous armor sets are being converted to ornaments kind of sucks for people (everyone) that didn't know this ahead of time. If I've previously passed up cool looking armor because I knew I wasn't going to use it with useless perks now I still won't be able to use it once it becomes an ornament because I didn't know this ahead of time and buy a basically useless armor piece to prepare for the future. Will old armor sets come back through rotation of some sort after they're being changed into ornaments? &gt;These Universal Ornaments can be applied to all of the Legendary armor sets we’re releasing this Fall This also talks about how these new ornaments will only be available on new armor coming out after September...that sure as heck sounds like we're once again going to have every single piece of armor pre September become completely useless AGAIN. Can't say I'm excited about grinding out a new age of Triumphs armor set and upgrading it etc for it to immediately become useless just like we had last time... This seriously looks like the whole Mod 2.0 system and everything else is just going to AGAIN make all old armor obsolete and pointless. FFS Bungie, can we please not do this AGAIN? Also, what is going to happen to the bounty note system and Eververse bounties to earn bright dust? Is that just going away? For that matter will we even still earn free seasonal engrams?
I miss making people into unicorns. Bungo pls. They weren't even that strong, they literally HAD to stick people to 1shot and were significantly harder to stick to people than fusion grenades which also one shot on a stick, yet had magical homing lock on properties from Halo.
To be fair, we're not entirely sure how much glimmer and/or legendary shards things will cost. If you have a ghost that has a specific perk you want it might not be worth the 100 bright dust or such if you need to pull the ghost over and over again until you get the specific perk you want, same with sparrows that have both random perks and speed to factor in. If it's only a bit of glimmer and a few shards? Yeah it might not be a problem. If Bungie suddenly makes it 50 shards to get an exotic ship or sparrow from your collections? That could end up adding up really fast.
Gah, there's no way to like...order a specific one of these is there?
Heroic Menagerie sounds brutal...but it also sounds almost pointless. So far all we really know that you'll get out of it over normal is a couple of triumphs that you'll only need to do once each, the new version of the class specific swords and I believe the Izanagi's Burden Catalyst. I can't imagine wanting to keep playing it much if that's all...even if there's a powerful reward locked behind it you're probably already at 750 if you're able to reliably run it. It's going to be a pretty huge pain to find groups if there's nothing else to incentivize doing heroic over just being able to mindlessly clear normal for farming gear.
Check Datto's recent youtube video on why everyone is using GLs now, it should explain things pretty clearly. Basically GLs just do WAAAY more DPS than basically any other option and it's not even close. Yes you can technically kill him with Outbreak Perfected and it's a very "safe" weapon because it lets you use power and special ammo to clear adds but when you're at higher light this isn't really necessary (plus options like Anarchy can clear adds and still have ammo for boss dps) and GLs are just much much better DPS. The absurdness of GL DPS is why it's possible to kill the boss in ~6-7 seconds and why it was possible to have a 2 man one-phase clear.
They could literally just disable the perk on the gun, not even the entire gun. If they can hotfix disable the set bonus on the Sentry armor how can they not do so with the release the wolves perk?
Huh, didn't know. Not surprised though considering how much Bungie apparently hates tether being useful at all. Were you trying to shoot it at the ground or straight at the boss?
The IB quest is a slap in the face for a number of reasons 1) not concurrent progress just to drag it out basically 2) have to go back to Saladin after every step. Especially a pain if you're playing in a team as you aren't all going to finish each step at the same time. 3) not account wide rather than character specific 4) giant grind to unlock armor that is essentially year 1 armor being given back to us in y2 and yet will be effectively worthless in less than 3 months all over again. Especially brutal since Bungie is making a big deal out of the fact that the armor can now roll with enhanced perks...but who cares when we won't even be using it anymore so soon? 5) Since other people mentioned this apparently you even have to pay tokens for the "rewards" that you only unlock after completing the quest.
So...no MP7, AN-94 or AK-12 costumes that are suppose to be in this set. That's...awkward. Does that mean they're going to just completely delay the Cafe stories until those costumes eventually get released? Does that mean that they're going to switch either FAL or G36 to the Gacha rather than as a bundle to replace AK-12 in the Gacha? MP7 and AN-94 at least are both bundles so it's fine if they just delay those and put them as bundles later hopefully?
Don't forget MP7 too!
Can't you just disable the "release the wolves" perk/ability until a more permanent change could be made? It'd largely function the same in most activities while being at least somewhat less insane in pvp. You were able to quickly disable the set bonus on the Sentinel Gambit Prime armor set, is this that much different?
Yeah, I was hesitant to say it's not possible when I knew TECHNICALLY it was, it's just I feel better telling people not to try rather than encouraging people to try to make it work. You'd need at least 2 titans to reach the minimum of a single tractor shot debuff duration and most groups aren't killing the boss in 10 seconds as is. If the dps phase goes on...you'd need a lot of titans. I've seen plenty of titans (myself included) get themselves killed trying to melting point Riven who is literally a giant head directly in front of you. Trying to get multiple titans to coordinate timing and perfectly hit melting point on the tiny bit of his leg that is close to the wall is just not something I want to see people running around doing on LFG. It's very easy on the other hand for one person, ideally with mountaintop, to sit by his leg with a tractor cannon and shoot it every ~10 seconds and then just swap to MT and dps the rest of the time. It's hard to mess up and miss with the tractor cannon debuff. Sorry for not being more clear about that up front.
If you disable the perk you can still use the gun. It still functions as a pulse rifle style burst shotgun, you just only fire standard 5 shot bursts rather than a single 10 shot burst. Plenty of people used Lord of Wolves before the change to be able to activate the perk on command. Hell people actively complained a lot of times that you couldn't control the perk and would often waste ammo when you didn't want to use it. It was still used for boss DPS (granted before the pve damage was nerfed) as the best shotgun DPS option in many situations without the perk active.
That's my bad, I couldn't remember the set name correctly. I knew it was something like that. Sentinel is the Titan class. Oops.
Honestly I wouldn't say this is the "best" strat as there are a number of options that work quite well on the 2nd blight rather than waiting until the 3rd location. Hell this is one of the few situations where blade barrage is actually still useful. A blade barrage into the blight at the second location will instantly turn the event Heroic and spawn the boss. Wasting your super into the blight honestly ends up saving more time than trying to use (blade barrage at least) on the boss. I want to say it's something like 2 Wardcliff coil shots on the 2nd blight as well...which I'd much prefer than waiting for the 3rd blight and saving a single rocket, especially if you rallied before the event and are full.
I feel like the second location is the sweet spot when solo or with 2 people. 2 Wardcliff coil shots, a single blade barrage, there's a lot of very quick ways to kill it. Similarly killing all of the enemies to move from the first blight to the second is pretty quick while 2nd &gt; 3rd is quite a bit longer.
I typically go for heroic on the second blight. Takes half as much ammo as the first to make heroic (2 wardcliff shots, single blade barrage etc are very quick) and it's harder for randoms to push you from to the next location while you're doing it. Most of the time I try to trigger heroic at the first location someone else decides to attack the enemies and move locations such that I effectively wasted my time/ammo.
I guess I see your point but many people actually still used Lord of Wolves in pvp before this change. It was good but not insane like it is now. It was even better for Gambit prime where it was also good dps against the primeval. And I think the point is more that this makes the gun broken in PvP while doing next to nothing for it in other activities. If they disable the gun altogether they make it impossible to use everywhere else as well which they don't want to do. If they could just disable the perk that really only affects pvp.
The thing is that they could technically be right...from a purely defensive standpoint. The problem is bubble was basically never used in D1 for defensive purposes and was almost universally only used in end game situations as a dps buffing device, sometimes with minor defensive bonuses. The only time bubble was used for defense was in pvp and in combination with Touch of Malice...but even then it was used to negate the negative aspect of the weapon for an actual dps boost rather than real defensive boost. So now you have a better version of half of the D1 bubble, but it's the half nobody really used it for outside of pvp and you don't even have the other half of the bubble ability at all. Then on top of that Warlocks have a super which is effectively an arguably better defensive option while at the same time giving a huge offensive benefit as well AND has the ability to either be spammed near constantly or provide constant automatic reloading capabilities. Oh and not that bubble was indestructible in D1, I have fond memories of blasting the hell out of enemies through their bubbles in pvp with golden gun but it's hilariously weak now in D2. 3 lord of wolves bursts with the perk active. A single Blade Barrage will kill ANY number of bubbles and everyone inside (technically this might not be true anymore with the BB nerfs, not sure, don't exactly get chances to test that)
This game has likely been in development for a while, likely simultaneously with Sekiro at some points. I wouldn't be at all surprised if they have mostly different teams working on this while also working on the "next Sekiro" game that continues that style of setting. It's certainly not hard to imagine someone like Miyazaki having more of an advisory role rather than a hands on role in the development which makes it much easier to be watching over multiple games or "series" at once.
The hunted isn't actually the "perfect" encounter for bubble in the menagerie, the riposte is. It's the one encounter you can actually make use of the extreme damage resistance you get INSIDE of a bubble AND the blinding effect AND you can still fight from inside of it. Ideally you want a bubble and well because you literally need the healing effect as well in most cases (god forbid it's blackout) but that's another matter really. The final phase Ogre is just stupid, it will 1shot most players and in heroic I expect it will easily 1shot even 750 players. Dropping a blinding bubble on it with a well of radiance for healing makes it trivial to just melee the crap out of the ogre with the swords and I expect it to basically be required on heroic, especially with certain modifiers. The biggest issue for Bubble on the bridge is the issue of knockback from the majors honestly. A single attack knocking 1 or 2 players off the bridge can easily end a run and a bubble does effectively nothing to stop this while in some cases actively preventing you from killing the majors. It's almost less of a "survival" encounter and more of a rapid add clear encounter. Bubble excels at survival currently...which is just an incredibly niche role in the game as it is. Also, I'm legitimately curious how many players actually know they can even use bubble in D2 still. Without reading the actual perk descriptions there's nothing that really explains how to activate it and I can see a lot of players just assume that the standard roaming super is the only super ability they have. It's also just...a lot more fun in general to run around killing stuff than sitting in a bubble for most people. From an actual defensive perspective I think D2's Bubble is technically better than it was in D1, at least outside of pvp. The problem is there's next to no situations where you actually need a real defensive super on the level of bubble. If enemies were 1shotting you inside of a Well of Radiance that'd be one thing as then the protection of the bubble could be significant but because enemies aren't 1shotting you and the massive healing effect can constantly keep you healed enough that they don't chip you down the bubble just isn't needed. Another big problem with both Reckoning and the Hunted encounter is that you're often switching locations fast enough that without a reliable way to constantly have your super up it's not a viable strategy because you can't guarantee you'll always have it. You can't really justify having the bubble for just the middle plate when you spend so much time on other plates. Honestly though it's the crazy explosive thrall spam and knights just not giving a crap about you being in a bubble or not when they'll keep slamming you. If bubble negated stomp damage that'd be an interesting consideration for it's use. Technically you can use it against the week 1 Minotaur Menagerie boss right up at his feet and kill him point blank while you're able to avoid dealing with the walls but that's only because he doesn't have a stomp mechanic and even then you're unable to get crits on him from that position.
Another big problem with Bubble as any sort of reliable defensive tool is that it vanishes on the Death of the Titan. Titan gets booped off the bridge but everyone else stays up? Well now your defenses are gone. Cursed thralls manage to kill the Titan in the hunted? Now your Bubble is gone and everyone else dies too. I think the endless swarm of cursed thralls might be as big of an issue as the knights TBH, though the fact that enemies just straight up don't care about the bubble and treat the players inside just the same as without it isn't great either.
The Divine Beasts were honestly one of my biggest complaints about the game when I played it. They absolutely feel like a more standard Zelda "dungeon" design that was around from very early development before the game shifted to it's open world do anything anywhere etc style with wall climbing and such.
Quick delete this before more people know about it and ruin the fun. I tend to have races with my friend to see who can get to place the banner down first; him normally or me with it in the air. The best I've had was definitely directly above the normal flag position at the Riven encounter...but literally impaled into the ceiling such that you had to do a LOT of platforming to reach it at which point you were actually rallying through the floor. I should actually see how well this works in Reckoning...I was disappointed that the invisible ceiling in the CoS boss room is relatively low and you can't blast it all the way into the skybox.
Ah yes, prime example of how Warlocks with top tree stormcaller actually have an amazingly powerful grenade ability that can 1shot entire teams of players with ANY of their three grenades and no exotic required. Meanwhile hunters can use an exotic that does nothing but boost the effect of one specific arc grenade or another (depending on which exotic) and they still don't deal nearly the same amount of damage. Hell Lucky raspberry in this situation would chain onto 3 people and refresh your grenade but you'd be dead before you could throw it and if you DID throw it before you died it wouldn't actually deal any damage because after dying it loses any effect despite still using up the charge. On top of that even if you DID manage to get off 2 arcbolt grenades with lucky raspberry and they both chained onto the same 3 players the combined damage would still not be enough to kill anyone unless you had a considerable light level advantage in a light level enabled mode.
Super vs Super a titan can 1shot other supers while a hunter cannot 1shot any titan super except with a precision bottom tree golden gun shot (or nighthawk I suppose) or possibly blade barrage depending on how it hits. So a Titan with hammers can throw a hammer across the map and 1shot a spectral blades Hunter while a Spectral blades hunter has to physically be right next to that same hammer titan and can't 1shot them with the melee attack of the spectral super.
I'm willing to bet it's less of a time concern and more of not wanting to show/advertise the full control capabilities of the client. More than anything this event is an advertisement for Arena and a big part of the appeal of the client is the simplicity of it which in large part is due to the lack of full control. They don't want viewers to be looking at a bunch of complicated stops and priority passing etc as it could be more intimidating and turn them off of the client. I'd like to assume that most of these players (well at least the experienced and not randomly invited streamers) know how to use the full control features of the client well enough that it wouldn't cause much if any additional time in the rounds.
You could argue that they're the best class for the top maybe 1-5% of the players in pvp sure, that doesn't mean that every player magically can use them that well. Most players aren't hardcore grinding PvP 24/7 and sometimes they want to just go in and finish their quests, which is where imbalances like this really stand out. Best Super and Exotic? riiiiight. Best overall neutral game? I suppose technically. Dawnblade absolutely shits on hunter supers most every time as far as "best super" and even bottom tree titan is pretty damn close if not better currently. Which is the "best exotic" in your mind? Stomp33s because it enhances your jump? Oh my god that's so useful to 95% of players who barely utilize their jumps to any extent in PvP to begin with let alone enhanced jumps. One Eyed Mask is STILL better for most people just straight up letting you easily outplay similar skilled players when you're not at the level of the tip top % of players and that's after it's already been nerfed from being even more broken. Oh my god Hunters are the best class in the game in pvp because 45 out of the top 50 pvp players in the world all play hunter. Guess how much that matters to basically every single general player in the game? Just about 0% because they're NEVER going to be close to the skill level of those players. Those players could wipe the floor with most average or below average skilled players in pvp on a lvl1 character with trash weapons and no class abilities or supers unlocked. Guess what having the "best pvp neutral game" does for pve only players? Absolutely nothing. Guess what having insanely strong grenades does in PvE? They're actually useful AND they're still great in pvp.
I'm sorry you can't actually come up with argument about anything beyond "The top players all use X class so it's obviously super OP in PvP for everyone and that also means it's totally OP everywhere else too"
Considering the seeming inability to actually find hard numbers on it, based on anecdotal evidence from people I have played with. The players that are raiding and doing all of the end game activities every week might have all 3 characters but basically anyone I've ever met who only plays for a limited number of hours a week only has a single character/class. If you can show me an actual source that shows otherwise I'm all for that. Considering how low the % of players that even plays raids and such to begin with, I'd be surprised if the % of players that actually have all 3 characters/classes is that high.
You can only get curated BA weapons (and the exotics) while forging powerful frames yes, so you're limited to 2 per character per week and only 1 per specific weapon type per character per week. You can also only get curated weapons from specifically Bergusia, so make sure you always do your powerful frames there. The exotics can be obtained elsewhere, though I'm not 100% sure on how that works. Juuton might be locked to Bergusia but I know Le Monarque is at least obtainable from the 2nd forge. For what it's worth in my experience the curated frames aren't nearly as rare as a "god roll" otherwise would be in many cases, though you are limited in how many chances you get per week and especially for some of the weapons unlocking them on multiple characters is a massive slog. Some of the weapons also have mediocre to just bad curated rolls. The only real noteworthy ones I believe are the LMG, HC and Sword though I don't remember all of the others off the top of my head. I do know however that the curated pulse is trash I believe. Also technically worth noting that you can get the same rolls as the curated rolls normally as well, they just won't be "curated". You can tell you get a curated roll because it comes at MW level 10 and has no option to swap between any perks and also comes with the Bergusia Night shader which is only available on curated guns from the forges or Scourge of the Past raid. Worth noting this because for some curated guns from other sources they come with perks that otherwise are unavailable on the guns, such as Dragonfly on Nation of Beasts from Last Wish which is only available on the curated roll. It's also possible to get a BETTER random roll from the forges than some of the curated rolls technically; the curated LMG comes with Feeding Frenzy and Rampage which are likely the best in PvE for example but you may prefer High Caliber Rounds or extended mag over Armor Piercing rounds that it comes with, or a range or stability masterwork instead of the handling masterwork it has. That said the curated drops are definitely great for those guns (LMG, HC, Sword) as "easier" to obtain very good rolls even if not perfect. The HC is probably the closest weapon to perfect on the curated roll, at least on PC, short of potentially having a slightly better barrel for a very minor range boost.
To complete the Catalyst you have to play 100 games of PvP without Lord of Wolves equipped. Equipping it at any time in PvP will reset your progress to 0.
It'd be next to impossible to ship these in a flat box and you'd likely run into even more issues with mail services damaging the sheets in that situation. Shipping them rolled up in a tube is probably the best possible way to go about shipping them, but it seems like they used effectively nothing to even try padding the tubes and weren't even careful with rolling up the sheets to begin with. Shipping thousands of sheets the thickness of a single magic card in flat boxes would mean you'd have incredibly thin boxes that would get folded and/or crushed in the mail extremely easily.
You can literally look at Guardian.gg and see an actual breakdown from the real data in games. Hunters are ~38%, warlocks 35% and titans 27%. You could honestly look at your kill stats and argue that Hunters are just worse than Titans or Warlocks and you kill them twice as many times despite an approximately even distribution of classes. Just looking at raw kills from a single player doesn't really say much of anything about the overall population.
Actually yes, I stupidly misread the data. In my defense this was at about 4 or 5am this morning before I had slept. The 38% hunter, 35% warlock and 27% titan is the population breakdown, not the win rates. I tried totaling the win values and figuring out percents from there not realizing that the win %s were already down as percents on that page. That said arcstrider having a not even 2% higher win rate feels extremely minor and barely significant, especially when there's instances of stormcaller and striker having higher win rates depending on the day. All of the classes being within the same ~5% win rate doesn't really say much of anything.
5% higher than "average" if you're calling average an even 50% but only 1.4% higher than stormcaller and only 2.1% higher than Striker. There are literally only two subclasses in the game that have a "below average" win % if you're calling 50% the average, and those two are both sitting at 49.9% which is hardly even significant for "below average" The lowest win rate of any class is 49.9% which notably is Gunslinger also a hunter class. In fact 2/3 of the lowest win rate subclasses in the game are hunter subclasses. Having the single best subclass by ~1.4% while also having 2/3 of the lowest win rate subclasses doesn't exactly shout that hunters are OP by any means. If you actually average all three subclasses win rates for each class you'll notice that Hunters have a 51.99% win rate overall, Warlocks have a 51.94% win rate over all and Titans have a 52.47% win rate overall. Titan's actually have the highest win rate on average between all three subclasses but even then the win rates are extremely close. A ~5% range between the lowest and highest performing subclass is EXTREMELY small. You're not seeing something like a 70% win rate for hunters vs a 40% for other classes or some shit. Obviously every subclass isn't going to be dead even with a 50% win rate, that'd be insanely unlikely even if all classes literally all had the same abilities and played identically. Are hunters "best" by maybe 1% on average win rate for their best subclass? Yes according to this data much of the time. 1% higher win rate however is a laughable margin however, it's not significant at all. Games that have imbalance issues that they're concerned about typically have X/Y/Z outperforming other options by huge margins, not 1-2%. Anyone saying hunters are "by far" the best pvp class because they average a 1-2% higher win rate is insane.
Again, you're looking at combined total crucible stats which also means there are NOT always 1:1 winner to loser. There are games that start with imbalanced teams, rumble etc. Arcstrider has a 55% win rate sure....but every subclass outside of gunslinger and dawnblade are above 50% win rate with Stormcaller and Striker both right behind Arcstrider for highest win rates. The "average" win rate between all classes is NOT 50% if you actually look at the stats, it's 52.09%
It's the same with most all of the shrines too I believe. They feel like either a basic "core" of the dungeon system that they made early before the decision to allow for all of the climbing and open world stuff or they feel like they were designed by one team while another team was working on the open world and didn't communicate with them about the whole climbing feature until too late in development. It's also possible that they just couldn't find a way to balance the Divine Beasts and Shrines around the climbing ability without you just being able to ignore a large portion of the intended mechanics all of the time. If you could just climb over obstacles and puzzles to bypass them you'd have little incentive to solve most of the shrines the intended way. Doesn't help that depending on how much you invested into stamina climbing could be either relatively week or incredibly strong so it'd be hard to balance, especially when you don't know when people are going to stumble upon each shrine exactly. Climbing was kind of a weird feature in the game. It feels amazing and really makes the game feel like a truly open world game but it's also not horribly useful in most combat situations...but when available can totally break puzzle mechanics and traditional "gating" mechanics to various areas etc, especially when combined with other abilities and the glider.
I suppose. Technically I'm assuming they just don't actually have a model for her sitting in anything but her default costume, haven't actually tested that in dorms though.
An actual hacker is running rampant in games and people keep reporting him. Which would you rather? Situation 1: This hacker gets added to a list of reported players who have to be manually reviewed by an actual person. It's likely going to be days if not weeks before this report actually gets looked into. In the meantime he's continuing to hack in every game and keeps getting reported but nothing happens. He eventually gets banned days or weeks later when his case is reviewed. Situation 2: After the hacker has been reported X times (whatever Bluehole has the threshold set at), lets say 15, he gets automatically temp banned for 24 hours and sent to a priority review list of other players who have also reached this number of reports. Now that hacker is no longer in game and ruining matches and his case will be a higher priority for actual review by a real person. Once that review happens if they need to be more permanently banned that can happen. __________________________________ As far as I'm concerned situation 2 is far preferable for all legitimate players. Can this system be abused? Obviously, however if it IS abused the person who is falsely reported is only temp banned AND should receive more prompt review and can then be unbanned sooner than the actual 24 hours. A small chance of being falsely reported by multiple people and receiving a temp ban until the case can be manually reviewed or the temp ban is over is FAR preferably imo than having countless hackers ruining every match that they're in until countless reports against them are finally reviewed days/weeks after they started to come in.
The shape is definitely more accurate to the Hawkmoon by default but my god I hate the gems and the black cutout sections that don't actually change with any shader. I also somehow feel like the first person model of the gun "feels" better when shooting with the ornament. Not sure if it just takes up less of the screen or what, but it's definitely noticeable to me.
I fully understand what it takes to get a day one raid clear. Hell I spent 30 hours straight playing on Day 1 working to try to get the emblem and that was on PC where a ton more people got it. I'm not even saying that this guy isn't more than capable of doing the raid, I'm just saying that he joined a group knowing what the leader of the LFG group wanted and knowing he didn't meet that requirement. I'm not saying there isn't a fair argument that he's more than qualified and that he should be able to make a case for that, I'm just saying that the leader is totally justified with kicking him given he didn't meet the requirements he wanted.
Technically the host of the custom match can kick people (not ban as far as I'm aware) IF they're observing, but that requires actually seeing that person hacking in game and finding them on the map to select them and kick them in real time. Usually the host of the match is playing in the game however in custom games like this, in which case they can't do anything.
I'm totally in agreement with you on what the PT and the new Esports push SHOULD be, but that clearly isn't want Hasbro and WotC thinks it should be. Everything Wizards keeps doing, and keeps highlighting to Hasbro and investors, is all focused on new player growth and nothing about retention of enfranchised players. They see all these other successful Esports with tons of viewers and seem to not understand the purpose and connection there. As you have said Wizards has been repeatedly taking a dump on the whole idea of "enfranchised player winning tournaments and living the dream of becoming pro". It's clear to me that Hasbro/Wizards has their priorities in the wrong place but that doesn't mean that they aren't seemingly following through with what their priorities are if they are actually just pushing toward gaining new players and little else.
I'm really not sure what Wizards thinks they're doing long term, if they're even considering that at all. I feel like they MIGHT be trying to slowly but surely kill off the existing vintage/legacy/modern enfranchised players in favor of all of these new players and holding them into just standard so they can continue to require a constant upkeep on the investment into the standard environment. Arena only supporting standard and as of yet not seeming to be implementing any more "eternal" format certainly seems to support this. I just can't see that working out long term as people are going to be sick of their cards becoming worthless after rotation, especially on a client that as far as I'm aware doesn't really support a "kitchen table" format of whatever non-legal cards you want. Wizards seems to constantly be struggling with not understanding how to handle Magic as both a "collectable" game that encourages building up a long term collection and a "competitive" game with constantly new sets that encourage continued buying. Modern is huge, but it's not nearly as profitable for Wizards and Hasbro as if all of those Modern players were instead playing standard all of the time. Wizards can't quite figure out a way to get everyone to just care about and want to play standard all of the time with every new set year after year though. Hearthstone seems to handle this much better with their dusting system that lets you effectively keep up with "standard" with your existing investment even if it leaves the format but Wizards doesn't seem to want to embrace that style with Arena and it certainly doesn't translate to a physical product in any way...plus if they actually killed off any format beyond standard that would be a massive blow to most LGS's that would suddenly have huge inventories of much less valuable cards that aren't standard legal.
While some of the more common artifact hate like Ancient Grudge and Shenanigans only hit artifacts, there's a lot of artifact hate that also hits enchantments as well where the difference is irrelivant. Pumping your Cranial Plating and counting toward metalcraft however could be a decent upside for this I think.
Man, now I want Pizza...
Oh it's definitely not something that I expect would come up often, but it's not completely impossible that it could sometimes matter. Something like an opponent using a damage based sweeper while you have etched champion in play or such while only having 1 darksteel citadel or opal/drum. Not losing your glimmervoid (if you still play that even) to a sweeper killing all of your creatures if you have no non-creature artifacts etc. Very niche situation most of the time, but not completely irrelevant. I'm also not sure if this would really matter for a standard Affinity list but it's also worth noting that you can get this with Karn out of your sideboard as well.
This could actually be reasonably good in modern I feel...if you actually get it turn 1/2. The scary thing is that specifically with Sigarda's Aid you don't know if they actually have the kill until after you've declared blocks, so you really don't know if it's safe to just take the 1 damage or if you're going to die if you don't chump block assuming you even have a turn 1 creature. There's also a number of evasive threats you can use that can still get in for a solid 10-11 damage turn 2 even if they aren't straight up kills, which puts the opponent on a really fast clock. [[Glistener Elf]] gets an 11 damage infect kill, [[Ornithopter]] lets you play the creature with evasion plus the aid (or hammer) turn 1 such that you can use [[assault strobe]] for the kill on turn 2 which works with using [[Magnetic Theft]] as a backup to Sigarda's aid assuming you play the hammer T1. Some of the typical Bogle list work well with the deck too if you're in Naya colors, such as [[Silhana Ledgewalker]] which has pretty consistent evasion for turn 2. The biggest weak point I see for the deck (aside obviously being a glass cannon) is that you have no great alternative equipment to use instead as far as I'm aware. The best power you're getting on a 1 cmc equipment in modern otherwise is either +2 or +3 I believe.
No, it wouldn't. A lot of games the developers can quickly tweak or hotfix issues like this. The source code for Destiny however is apparently a mess and that's why it takes forever (and/or tons of crunch time) to implement fixes like this. Anthem might have bombed horribly but the one thing they WERE able to do very well was have very fast and very frequent sandbox changes and such. They could roll out changes in 24 hours or less that included lots of changes and that's not really crazy for many "mmo" style games like this. Destiny however wasn't designed from the start to allow for that and Bungie has been struggling due to that decision since the start of D1, it was actually one of the big things they wanted to change and fix for D2 but apparently they couldn't manage to work that into their schedule and make it work in time.
It seems like it actually isn't trivial for Destiny, and that's the main problem. The weapon system and all seems to be such a mess that any minor change ends up requiring a ton of work. Bungie literally can't just "turn off" a perk or such which in theory they SHOULD be able to do fairly easily. It's not even a problem of playtesting all of the changes, as clearly they often don't do that...such as testing basically any sandbox changes (like the LoW change) in pvp. They even admitted that they've been neglecting PvP playtesting so this isn't surprising.
Accurate, especially if they aren't actually taking the time to test changes in both environments when they make them...
Personally I'd rather see her in an actually nice looking costume without L2D than her default uniform with L2D but maybe that's just me.
The mere fact that a random unrelated company can copyright claim any content they want on Youtube is pretty damn bad to begin with.
No, in that case I'd say you're likely extremely good with a sniper and well above most people's skill level?
Bungie literally talked about this problem back in D1, it's the big reason why sandbox changes are always like 6 months or more apart, their system doesn't allow for easy/quick changes. They wanted to improve this and change it for D2 but apparently they couldn't manage that in time.
Pretty much every buff in the game is multiplicative and not additive, that's why stacking buffs (well, melting point, trenched barrel, empowering melee etc) is so insanely strong, you quickly get the numbers up much much higher than they were additive. The only buffs that I'm aware of that are additive are the Riven's Curse or Transcendant blessings with themselves. If you have 5x Riven's Curse on a set of armor that's just a flat 25% damage buff while in the Dreaming City (and last wish raid), same with 5x Transcendant Blessing. You can however still mix them and gain a slightly stronger buff, granted it's all of 1.5% extra damage by doing this (2x one, 3x the other).
It gets "better" but there's so many new mods that it's still rare to actually get the ones you want/need. On top of that some of them are just...bad and extremely common. I think I have something like 12-16 of the stupid mods that recharge your grenade upon activating the matching super to the mod element. Meanwhile out if probably close to 30 or more mods dropped I've had one energized, one hive armaments, one of the increased void ability damage mod and zero of the solar/arc ability damage mods...meanwhile the solar ability damage mods are probably the single most broken and sought after mod you can get.
They could honestly just do it such that clearing the boss spawns 2-3 chests and each flawless encounter up to the boss spawns an additional chest at the end with the boss chests. Get 2 flawless encounters and kill the boss? Boom 5 chests to open at the end.
I'd assume you're not at 750 light yet, when you get to higher light and end up matching with similarly high light players you end up having flawless runs much more frequently and easily...though horribly modifier days sometimes can make that less likely.
Shit Reckoning wasn't even that good. Most runs were nothing but MAYBE blues and whatever armor you got from your motes you deposited. If people were guaranteed a gun every run it would have been WAY better even though it'd still be far worse than the Chalice system.
Is there any chance some older unvoiced T-Doll lines will be voiced in the future if those VAs are brought back to voice other lines? For example HK416's post-oath Adjutant line isn't voiced but I assume she might be getting new voice lines with the upcoming Children's Day costumes coming out on other servers soon.
Does the fact that AK-12's costume won't be included in the upcoming summer resupply Gacha but rather later released as a gem bundle in the store mean that one of the other costumes will be changed from a bundle to in the Gacha? I was really looking forward to being able to simply purchase G36 and FAL's costumes as bundles rather than have them included in the resupply.
Hell I'd be happy if I was even able to use my Blast Furnace in Gambit at range...the fact that Machine Guns are so prevalent in the few situations that actual "long range" guns like Scouts SHOULD be prevalent certainly doesn't help considering they're basically better Scouts with massive damage and magazines most of the time.
I assume you mean Metroid, yes Metroid Prime 2 had a multiplayer pvp mode. It was kind of weird but I played it quite a bit and enjoyed it well enough for what it was.
While true apparently people have compared the two and they're nearly identical, to the point where if you had them both opened and side by side in similar condition you likely wouldn't know which is which. Seems like Nintendo might have literally used the exact same molds and/or production line for them. You're more likely to get a collector to pay a premium for an original still in it's packaging than a Smash player considering this. That said...it seems like the "new" GameCube controllers are already no longer being produced as it seems like it's impossible to find them since about the start of this year...so who knows.
As far as I'm aware apparently Microsoft handled the matchmaking and likely also ranking systems in Halo back in the day. So it makes at least a bit more sense knowing that it wasn't actually Bungie that designed such good systems back then and yet can't manage at all today.
Oh, I misunderstood what the OP meant in that case, my bad.
That's good to hear. I only mentioned the new costume lines because I had assumed the reason we had some of those unvoiced lines was because it wasn't practical to get the VA's back for only a line or two. HK416 in particular her new costume is also suppose to be L2D eventually I believe, and most (all?) L2D skins have voiced lines I believe?
Yeah, this too. You show up at an event with a rare or uncommon printing of a card and if anyone asks you have to pull up gatherer and show that it was common on mtgo and possibly get into an argument over it. Just a headache all around. Plus a TO can't even run a deck list through any sort of legality check in an easy way.
While some of these are certainly positive, some of them are just finally getting back to what we had previously, possibly with slight changes. Extra mods: at the cost of raid armor and weapons not having intrinsic raid perks... So now there's an extra level of rng involved in farming those mods too. Target able masterworks: we use to be able to reroll our masterworks freely and it was just removed with no good explanation ever given. I'd also like to note that the changes in how raid drops work sucks. We no longer have fixed drops from set encounters, you can do an entire CoS raid and come out with 4 garbage auto rifles. Fixed drops per encounter prevented this from happening. Extra tokens to roll for random engrams gave you extra chances at loot. Vendors selling items weekly for tokens gave you guaranteed eventual bad luck protection. I need the hunter class item to complete the set in collections... Meanwhile I've had runs with 3 pairs of gloves or boots and could easily run countless more with nothing to show for it. I've had 2 class items drop in 9 clears with loot plus one challenge bounty, both on warlock... Which is missing the suit still. Also being better than reckoning doesn't mean we should be fine with nerfing/fixing menagerie to 1 drop per run, it just means that reckoning was extraordinarily shit.
Despite Bungie saying they would look into changing both of those things...
Not improving reckoning is going to be a pretty big problem in the long run imo, not that I disagree about how unlikely it is. It's still the only source of gambit prime perk armor...which provides a pretty massive advantage in the game mode. Not only that but apparently gambit prime is going to be opened to free players with new lights release this September which will cause an even larger power disparity as those players might not even have an option to get the armor at all. Bungie really needs to learn that while yes new content is massively important, ignoring older existing content is not in their best interest for the health of the game long term.
It's more that I believe Ak-12 and AN-94 alternated locations between bundle and gacha between the swimsuits and anniversary costumes. So if you wanted guaranteed costumes for both you could get one of each through the Bundles. Fal on the other hand doesn't have another costume appearance coming up where she could have a bundle instead for example. G36 also already had a bundle so that's not really valid either... Plus she had a free costume. On top of this we know Fal is extremely popular as the most oathed doll on our server so moving her into the gacha rather than bundle feels even more like a blatant cash grab, especially since it's possible if g36 was in the gacha her costume could cost fewer exchange tickets than Fal's is likely to cost.
&gt;Can't You going to stop me?
So does this mean there's nothing to farm during Cube+ like the envelopes or crates? Makes it a rather dull event for players who already did Cube and just have 4 new chapters to do and then are totally done outside of possible limited doll farming.
She clearly has them. They might not be the size you want but they're certainly still there.
Shouldn't she not have her scar in this costume?
Yeah, I use the same. They haven't updated it with the collab info yet... Unless I'm blind.
I guess I wasn't sure if it was suppose to show her as a child as if when she was younger or just imagined as a child. 45s special jacket costume is specifically from "earlier" in her life and thus before she has her scar.
Yeah... Let's just remove the whole team and specific role element that makes gambit prime unique while simultaneously making most all of the triumphs related to reckoner unobtainable.
It should be 2 per chest, however it seems that if you would get 2 of the same runes at once you instead only get 1, which means some chests may only give you a single rune.
Dolls like Groza, MP7, DSR, Tac-50, Five-Seven etc are all event exclusive one way or another and only see occasional reappearance mostly as rare farmable drops in other events.
I just can't wait for Bungie to see the massive drop in people playing menagerie and trying to stand behind this idiotic decision rather than changing it again somehow. Can't wait until the matchmaking queue is borderline dead and new players can't even find people for the intro quest.
Probably actually New Year banner for Hokusai. I don't want to be salty from a potentially bad GSSR roll going into rolling for Hokusai and there's probably some insanely small chance that I could get insanely lucky/unlucky with spooks on the New Years banner which could in theory change which GSSR I'm going to roll on...though I seriously doubt that. Plus then I have the potential to have Hokusai on my support list at lvl100 2k/2k Fous and maxed skills ever so slightly sooner.
Man...I want to be super excited about the bones because who doesn't need bones but I honestly feel like Crystals are harder to come by...despite the fact that you never need quite as many. Oh and seeds...yeah I could always use some seeds too.
Went into the Knights banner deciding I'd be happy with basically anyone except an NP4 Altera...where that NP3 is all spooks. Got NP2 Nero Bride which I'm pretty happy with. At the very least she's a servant that gains quite a nice boost from NP2 and it's better than some other servants I would have been kind of meh about. Would have laughed if I got an np3 Ishtar after getting np2 from last GSSR but that didn't happen. Would I have preferred someone like Eresh, Okita, Shiki, np2 Summer Tamamo or a few others? Sure but I was pretty likely to get a dupe on either banner and Nero Bride isn't the worst I could manage there. Gotta say my god seeing that gold Saber card and just thinking to myself "Oh god, it's going to be Altera" while at the same time knowing it had to be a gold Saber card for either Okita or Shiki was a really weird feeling. Obligatory note that this is after getting Hokusai in my first 10-roll and basically jumping for joy so there was borderline no way for me to be salty at ANYTHING from the GSSR at that point.
NP2 Nero Bride. Can't say I'm disappointed since I was pretty likely to get a dupe on either banner and I'll gladly take NP2 Nero Bride over NP4 Altera...where all 3 copies were spooks. That said it IS my 3rd GSSR in a row that I've got a dupe which is a bit frustrating...but that's NP2 Ozy, NP2 Ishtar and NP2 Nero Bride which as far as dupes go is pretty dang solid I have to say. Also Hokusai in my first 10 roll before the GSSR who's now lvl100, 1800 fous (rip I thought it was only 40 for 2k) and 10/10/10 AND np2 now another ~100 quartz later after the GSSR roll. She even brought along an np3 copy of Mordred beforehand. All in all easily my best luck in the Gacha ever period and I'm pretty damn happy with that. Guess the New Year is when the game decided to give me a bit of a break from some horrible luck earlier in the year.
First 10 roll: Hokusai on last card. Hell yes. GSSR: np2 Nero Bride, alright I can be pretty happy with this. Clearly the game wants me to have better buff support for Hokusai. *this is where I leveled and grailed Hokusai to 100, maxed out all of her skills and gave her 1800 fous (rip I thought the 40 gold fou's we've received so far was enough for 2k but we need 50 of each 4 star fou total)* Decide it's time to push my luck for np2 because Hokusai deserves it. Mordred shows up for np3. She seems pretty happy to stick around me I guess. Oh hey, it's a gold Foreigner card, wonder who that could be. NP2 Hokusai is home!!! Total 129 quartz &amp; 17 tickets = NP2 Hokusai and Mordred (now np3 for me). 30 more on the GSSR = Nero Bride (np2) as well. Thank you very much FGO, looks like New Years is being good for me after the Gacha decided to be kind of trash this past year with ~6-700 quartz failing to get np2 for Summer Tamamo after np1 took almost 900 last year and then ~700 quartz (I think?) total failing to get Okita.
I've had around 6 Aeon exotics since Shadowkeep between Xur and just random exotic drops, mostly all on my hunter. I believe every single one of them has been 60+ stats. I rage every time.
It's a joke on when Bungie "buffed" auto rifles in D1 but they were only buffed by 0.04% which effectively meant absolutely nothing on every single archetype because it didn't even change the damage per shot to decrease time to kill on ANYTHING. Bungie had stated a higher buff value but after people noticed that absolutely nothing changed they came back and "fixed" the notes to say it was a 0.04% buff actually despite being originally stated as significantly higher (4% maybe?). Really have to question if it they actually buffed them 0.04% and that was just a completely meaningless buff or if they didn't buff them at all and they just said it was actually 0.04% to cover their asses instead of admitting there was no buff.
Man...I feel like The Selkie bundle kind of gets screwed over with 120 cavalry Dragonflowers compared to 200 Heroic Grails. Also worth noting for anyone interested in this there's a 3x Play Points bonus going on for Android users that are signed up for the program. For the more expensive packs that's 225 points, you can exchange 650 points for 23 orbs or 1930 points for 75 orbs if/when you've saved up that many. This particular promotion ends January 5th though so if you ARE planning on buying one of these packs you probably want to do it before then.
Yeah aside the fact that Warlocks get an absurd exotic that gives 40% damage reduction while charging handheld supernova which lets you just straight up tank point blank shotgun blasts from every shotgun not called Lord of Wolves. Then you get random grenade energy back on a kill up to just a full recharge. You can also stack ashes to assets and get quite a decent boost to super generation off of those kills. While Nova Warp itself isn't amazing you can use handheld supernova while in Nova Warp which makes it even more lethal and allows you to stack the super damage reduction with the 40% damage reduction from contraverse hold. You can also have your normal blink and the super blink in Nova Warp. Activating Nova Warp also instantly gives you full grenade energy AND refills you to full grenade energy when it ends which is extremely strong with Handheld Supernova.
While true as someone playing on PC with a keyboard and mouse I've never seen anything close to this kind of "critical" from such off the target throwing knives on hunter. The type of aim assist you get without a controller is NOT this style where the knife just hits a critical anywhere. Or this is a small collection of one in a million examples that was cut out of hours and hours of attempts but I doubt that.
Yep. Combined with the free full grenade recharge going in and going out plus the damage reduction from controverse on top of the super itself it can be pretty dumb. Even just using normal blink into the super blink to get above people and charge up a handheld supernova as you're falling on them can do some serious work. It's also kind of hilarious just watching people panic shoot you while charging handheld supernova moving straight at them as the stacked damage reduction makes their bullets do very very little. Unfortunately little else about the super is worth much of anything except against completely clueless opponents. The AoE attack without charging is borderline worthless, charging prevents you from using blink and is slow as hell and you're basically useless against most other supers.
Now I'm curious if the shadow beasts actually count as Cabal...
I really hate how the +20 mobility mod is arc and requires an arc mod. It heavily rewards people using shotguns while seriously punishing other weapons. An extra 2 energy cost to running double generic scavenger perks means you straight up cannot run powerful friends and two generic special scavengers in boots which means at most you're only picking up two rounds with any non-arc special weapon per brick AND you're then wasting 2 energy on masterworked boots as no relevant PvP mod costs 2 energy or less. Even worse IF you wanted to run Traction it's straight up impossible to run traction along with a generic scavenger perk and powerful friends and that's when you're already sacrificing a scavenger for traction to begin with. If you just want to run a shotgun though you're free to run double scavenger or traction scavenger and powerful friends. Honestly it might be even worse on gloves as the generic reloader perks are even more expensive, you're guaranteed (I believe?) to be unable to run a stat mod and the non-generic options for primary arc reloaders kind of suck outside of the seasonal artifact ones. Class item is also pretty bad because of how insanely broken stacking the right "gain super energy on X kills" mods are and the inability to run something like double remote connection if you're not using a shotgun and running double pump action.
I really hope Cordelia doesn't somehow get a worthless refine... And man I don't even know what Rebecca could get to make her useful. She could start with getting some new art though.
Yeah, I totally love the 6 Aeon exotics I've gotten since Shadowkeep with 60+ stats that I immediately dismantled. There are so few actually relavent exotic armor pieces to begin with that the chances of getting one I want is incredibly low. Then you have to get the element you want, a high stat roll and stat distribution that you want. One random exotic each week from Xur is laughably pathetic for long time players. You could literally give players at max light (970 this season) an exotic for every prime engram drop and that would still likely be useless a huge majority of the time. Jow maybe if Bungie actually reworked the 90% or more of borderline worthless exotics things might be different. For what they are exotics should have no/all elements to work with all mods AND have a universal seasonal mod slot instead of none.
Hey man, you can get that sweet alternate skin for Cold Front. I mean sure it just flips the color scheme from the default model and thus does almost nothing but hey do you have any idea how much time they put into making that!!!! Oh? The gun sucks with absolutely horrible stability and doesn't even roll with almost any relevant perks? Well now you're just being difficult. To be fair I actually quite like the sword skin and the sword is at least very fun. It's also deceptively strong in activities with heavyweight...unfortunately the exotic catalyst for it is basically entirely worthless. People also love the Telesto so I can understand that even if I personally don't really care. Now if we look at the fact that we have countless exotic guns and armor pieces that almost nobody ever uses that have tons of ornaments...holy shit. Rat King has...3 or 4 or more ornaments? Just...why?
Anyone that knew anything about how Eververse came about to begin with didn't expect this shit and Eververse to end with said split. Hell my friends and I seriously considered quitting the game at that point and had zero faith in Bungie to deliver on their own and despite still playing now basically everything we expected to happen has been happening. Activision is by no means a "good" company or such that really cares about it's players but at the very least they're a business that knows how to operate. Bungie has been notorious ever since working back with Microsoft at being slow bordering on what seems like incompetence and constantly failing to meet deadlines and needing assistance from publishers. Year 3 of Destiny 1 was never suppose to exist, it only came into being because Bungie was unable to meet their deadline for Destiny 2 that they had agreed upon with Activision. Eververse was thought up by Bungie and brought to Activision as an alternative sort of compromise alternate source of revenue because Destiny 1 wasn't performing as well as they expected/wanted and said that it would and they couldn't continue to make content at the rate they had agreed upon. The one thing Activision could really be blamed for with Destiny is the playstation exclusives. Did those suck? Absolutely, but platform exclusives are nothing new in the industry and they likely got paid out the ass by Sony to have them included. Beyond that for what it's worth most of the strike and pvp maps that were ever playstation exclusive were some of the least liked strikes/maps in the game, to the point where them no longer being exclusive was almost considered a negative as that opened them up to being Nightfall options and such which nobody wanted to play. Basically anyone with experience playing a paid to play MMO that transitioned to a F2P model can tell you about how much of a negative it was for the game and how much the entire game just transitioned more and more to entirely revolving around a cash shop and pay to win boosts and such that effectively gut the entire rest of the experience. Not to mention Bungie is basically arguing the game is "F2P" while still trying to sell the game as P2P at the same time with the entire season pass model and paid expansions that are all but mandatory to play any of the actual end game content. The entire "free" part of the game is nothing but a way to hook new players on years old content that was already paid for by long time players and no longer selling, then Bungie tells them they have to buy the new expansions still AND buy the season pass every 3 months AND buy anything that they might want from Eververse with fewer and fewer options for cool in game cosmetics to actually earn through gameplay.
Sure, and how much does a season pass in Fortnite cost? How many of those armor sets can you unlock on that season pass? Oh what's that, you can earn actual currency on the season pass to buy any items you want from their store as well? You can literally buy one season pass and earn enough currency to buy the next season pass just from playing AND still have leftover currency to buy cosmetics you might want. You could buy one season pass and then if you kept playing regularly never have to buy the season pass with real money every again and still get all of the free cosmetics on each season pass while having leftover currency for things you might personally want beyond that. You're also not just straight up locked out of content if you don't have the pass. I believe you can even earn enough free currency from leveling up the "free" version of the season pass to buy the paid season pass the following season such that you can earn your way into having the paid season pass perpetually as long as you keep playing without EVER having to pay into it originally. If Bungie gave us less absolute shit rewards for 90% of the levels on the season pass up to lvl100 they might have a better argument for it's value. After lvl100 the paid season pass becomes a complete and utter joke as well. Can a free player hitting lvl100 use that achievement of playtime to earn the next season's "paid" pass? No. Can paid season pass players earn even the tiniest bit of silver at ANY point? Nope. Make it so a free player hitting lvl100 on the free pass unlocks lvl100-200 with the same rewards as the paid season pass maybe. Make make it so a paid pass player leveling after lvl100 starts rewarding them silver such that hitting lvl200 lets them earn 1000 silver and buy the next season's pass OR spend it on silver-only items they may want. Oh, not to mention half of the actual benefits of the season pass that people care about aren't available until extremely high levels which requires players to grind like hell early in the season if they want access to those perks to actually take advantage of them during the season. If you don't hit rank 92 until the last month of the season you're now limited to a very short window to actually grind Timelost weapons with the bonus perk option bonus you just unlocked. You're basically told that any grinding you did before that point on those weapons was less meaningful because you didn't spend your first several weeks or month of the season doing nothing but bounty grinding to unlock that perk faster. If you like playing PvP or Gambit you're basically forced to grind until you unlock the scrounger perks just to have a chance at getting seasonal pass exclusive weapons and armor from post match rewards, otherwise you could be spending hours and hours playing activities and not even having a chance to get those rewards as random drops.
Does it? I sure as hell couldn't notice.
Alright, and how much dps does it do when you're playing on your own and not with 5 other people also using rat king standing within a few feet of you? Why don't I see literally anyone use this amazing gun outside of meme raid clear videos? Lets see you try to run Rat King in an ordeal Nightfall at 980 or even 950 and see how that works out. It's a meme gun that on it's own is borderline useless and might as well be any other legendary sidearm except you lose out on any sort of damage perk for the possibility that you can make the gun actually usable by getting an entire group together to all agree to use it in one specific way that won't even work for many activities.
Part of the problem is there are just better shoulder charge exotics. Outside of this AoE damage on a kill the exotic does NOTHING else. Insurmountable Skullfort lets you shoulder charge endlessly as you get a recharge on every kill, how does this ever compete with that? Dunemarchers improve your neutral game by buffing your sprint speed AND give you chaining melee damage to do basically a better job of the same thing as this exotic but without even requiring a full melee kill. Also the AoE damage and/or Suppression effects of shoulder charge are basically irrelevant. If you're close enough to AoE someone with one of the AoE shoulder charges you'll actually 1shot both people in those cases, it's not that uncommon. The suppression is also straight up ABSURDLY broken in that it frequently doesn't even work on a direct hit let alone do anything in an AoE, and that's on top of the actual shield bash shoulder charge having even worse hit detection than the other shoulder charges which can already be sketchy at times. As frequently as I straight up go through opponents with shield bash it's almost a negative aspect of the class with how unreliable it is. Even when it hits I've had a LOT of times where you'll get a clear hit noise but the suppression will just never actually go off or apply, it's an absolute joke. Dunemarchers also just...do the same thing with shoulder charge but do it better. You get more reliable AoE and chain damage on kills AND it works on non-kill melee hits as well AND you get a faster sprint which is required for shoulder charge in the first place and thus extremely helpful. I've literally NEVER seen a Titan use this against me in PvP or even use it on my side in PvP, you'd think if it was actually as good as people like you are trying to say that SOMEBODY would try using it. This is also all ignoring the fact that this exotic is so much worse in PvE than PvP that it's not even funny. Oh also this is ignoring the fact that you have Synthocepts, the exotic that directly improves your melee damage when surrounded by enemies and lets you straight up 1-shot punch enemies with your normal punch when you run into a group of players. You can literally use that and run in and with 3 punches knock out all of the players rather than try using this exotic and hoping the enemies are close enough for the chain damage and that you can get off the initial double melee and pray the AoE damage weakens the others so you can 1shot them afterwards.
I have NEVER seen anyone using this exotic in PvP. I frequently however see players use Dunemarchers, Synthocepts and Insurmountable Skullfort...exotics that effectively do the same thing you're saying this new exotic can do but more consistently and in most cases give bonuses beyond that. If multiple players are on top of each other such that the AoE from shoulder charge hits both you're already 1-shotting them unless you're using death from above which doesn't 1-shot to begin with. If you're running Skullfort you then instantly have your shoulder charge back to keep going AND get a big chunk of bonus super energy off of it. If you're using Dunemarchers you have similar but more consistent and longer range chaining AoE damage off of your melee 1-shots OR off of melee hits in general even without it being the final blow, plus you're given a faster sprint speed when you're needing to sprint to use shoulder charge to begin with. Synthocepts let you straight up 1-shot opponents if they're grouped together with your normal melee and retain that increased damage to chain 1shot punch down the entire group before it goes away. That's literally 3 punch/melee/shoulder charge exotics that have been in the game for a long time that are better than this exotic. Not to mention how these are all melee-only focused exotics for Titan where their options for non-melee focused exotics are basically OEM or nothing. Hell I rarely even play Titan but giving them yet another melee focused exotic that has to compete with multiple other better options when their PvP focused exotic options are already so laughably bad is just atrocious.
Even before I got to the last part and realized this was a joke it felt so bad I believed it was real. It's not even THAT bad but it just doesn't feel as good as it should be I guess, and it really doesn't go with her standard Brave Build that makes use of her base stats.
I'm pretty sure at this point almost nobody that actually designed the good gunplay feel and such work at Bungie anymore and they're trying to manage all sorts of changes and fixes without knowing exactly how the main game really works to begin with while at the same time not completely breaking everything. I wouldn't be surprised if most of the designers/coders don't even actually know how half of these mods/perks and shit work behind the scenes so there's no way they could bother going through and actually update and fix tooltips and all to provide more information. We STILL don't have updated descriptions on dynamo etc stating you need to be near enemies when using your class ability to actually gain the benefit and that was changed ages ago.
Oh yes. I've been quite loving the additional art we've been getting recently for our dear Night Queen. More is always welcome. This is amazing too. She doesn't quite look like she's enjoying this outfit as much as her CNY outfit but she knows she looks good in anything.
Personally I'm still hoping it's non-inheritable, which isn't entirely impossible or anything. Most non-inheritable specials these days don't actually state that on the skill, Black Luna and Regnal Astra just DID specify it back when they originally released because it wasn't a common thing. The fact that this is a second hero with the same exact Regnal Astra could mean that the only reason it's stated it's non-inheritable here is because it's a copy/paste description. Imperial Astra could just be the exact same skill still non-inheritable under a different name to separate the two characters more while keeping the others together.
Idk, I feel like they wouldn't introduce two new heroes on a single banner both with identical skills but one being generic and inheritable while the other isn't.
I'm going to assume it's something stupid like it being a male version of the same skill and showing how he's related to the Royal Family (not that Arya isn't but yeah...) or it's just something stupid in translation.
Technically it's probably more them being consistent than inconsistent. I don't believe ANY non-inheritable special since the original Regnal Astra has included the "skill not inheritable" clause. The only two that I believe include that clause are Black Luna and Regnal Astra, everything since then has just not specified. The fact that they included a new hero with the same Regnal Astra just means they copy pasted the same description from the one already in game because it'd be confusing to have two heroes with the same special with different descriptions.
I mean, have you not seen the Riven Solo with this glitch already? It takes 3 hammers to kill Riven with Wormgod x5, Biotic Enhancements, One-Two punch and Tractor Cannon. People just didn't realize that the buff lasted until the enemy died and not just X seconds after you swapped. Also how can you slide + shoulder charge with 1-2 punch shotty while still getting Peregrine grieves to trigger? Do you do it falling off of a ledge?
Isn't combo detector entirely pointless with Treasure Hunter? All you need is the resource detector as Treasure Hunter covers all of the chests everywhere regardless?
That makes sense. If it can still roll normal resource detectors it's worth noting you only need one or the other between that and combo if you're hunting for a specific planet's roll though for the ghost.
I'm sure this is where Bungie would like to argue that technically you don't need to buy the bright dust tributes to get the exotic catalyst. The only thing they lock you out of is getting the emote for unlocking every tribute...so TECHNICALLY all that the bright dust tributes are necessary for is a cosmetic.
They weren't back to back, he opened 3 chests getting 1kv on the first and third. Still insane luck but not AS insane as back to back drops. Also people are acting like this is completely impossible but it's really not that crazy when you can stockpile keys. If every chest in the room is getting opened or even anywhere close to that it'd be more surprisingly if nobody got 1kv. If they each opened 3 chests that's 18 shots at the gun and at 10% each chest it's not that crazy to have 2 drop. Yes it's pretty crazy they both went to the same person but overall it's nothing to go crazy about. People also seem to ignore the fact that Bungie increased the drop rate since the raid originally launched, back in the day with the original rates this would have been much more insane but most people that claim they have some crazy number of runs without the gun dropping are people that did most of those runs before the buff.
MFW I scored 756 and am stuck staying in tier 12, quite a bit below the threshold to get to tier 13. That means that at a lower tier you're able to get +2 or +3 to get into tier 13 with a lower score than +1 to go from 12 to 13, what an amazing mode...
This mode is so dumb and annoying with how mythics influence it, especially with how this mode heavily rewards merged mythics while AR rewards (or at least use to) having multiple of the same mythic far more than merges. I have 3 Eirs and if I merged them I'd get minimal point gain in AR even with being able to run her and Peony now but I'd see a lot more of a benefit here even though I have higher BST heroes that are in many cases worth less than +0 Mythics... Not to mention the actual combat difficulty in this mode is basically nonexistant while in AR it's quite the opposite AND having multiples of the same mythic can often be a decent handicap. Plus you know...we have no idea wtf the point of this new item even is.
Don't forget the built in hardy bearing on the Hoshido dancer daggers. That's a big part of those weapons that a lot of people seem to overlook and can be a huge pain to deal with in AR for people who rely on vantage sweepers.
Ah, I guess that makes it a little more fair...still sounds super annoying.
As a single guy who sleeps like shit and sprawls all over the place attempting to get comfortable holy crap the difference between a double and a queen seems relatively small but is massive. I'm not short but I know plenty of people taller than me and holy crap why do they even make beds that are so short. If you're 6 feet tall you have literally 2 inches of extra length on a double but does ANYONE really want to be sleeping that close to right on the edges of the bed ends? Also why is a double an inch shorter than a twin? Who thought that made sense?
Huh, somehow missed we were even having a rescue event. Don't need anyone here either unless I want a dupe PP-19 or P90. Kind of odd that we don't have a single HG this time, and we STILL aren't getting 7-6 included with another doll dropping there for whatever reason...
Sure am glad I didn't sell my Opals a week ago when I debated it and that I now own an entirely worthless Affinity deck. Sure am debating just straight up selling my entire collection now instead of just a few cards like I was debating. Wizards is already not giving a shit about modern as is with pioneer, why even bother. If you're not buying overpriced collectors packs of their new standard sets they don't give a shit about you. I understand why they banned mox opal but after years of it being fine its just now that Urza comes along that it needs to be banned because God forbid Wizards ban yet another big card from Modern Horizons.
How? It takes 2 turns to rush down Dreamer in 7-6 and then she just kind of dies in 10 seconds with a decent AR team. You don't even need another team if you use a support on turn 1. Seems a hell of a lot easier than farming 6-6 or 6-4e
Or you know... They could have banned Urza which is the entire broken part of the Urza decks which will STILL be playable and strong without Mox Opal. Mox Opal wasn't a problem on it's own as we'd seen for years but Wizards refuses to ban another poster child of how they fucked up with Modern Horizons. We're going to now go to a few months of Urza continuing to be dominant until Wizards finally decides to ban him and yet they won't then unban Mox Opal as well once he's gone. Or I mean they also could have tried banning thopter foundry or sword of the meek... Not like that combo had previously already been banned.
I feel like Super Giant games have reached the point where they could release "polishing your own shit simulator" and I'd buy it and probably tell you I expect it to be amazing even if I hated every preview and trailer I ever watched about it. They just somehow have this ability to make such amazing high quality games no matter what genre or style they decide to make it in. They came out with Bastion and I can see them thinking it was just a fluke that it ended up being so good and highly praised but after Transistor, Pyre and now Hades it's clear there's just basically magic that they've managed to harness to keep putting out such great games. I'm not sure if there's any studio in the entire industry I'd have as much faith in as them to do good with any project they decide to pursue and I really hope they've received that message from all of their fans. There's a slight chance they release a game that might just not be for ME specifically if it's a different genre but I know that fans of that genre will love it. With so many companies that can't do much beyond pumping out reskins of the same game year after year it's companies like SuperGiant that keep me having faith in the industry as a whole.
The big thing here is that the build in this video is using close call (or repel actually I think?) and stacking +spd, buffs from Peony and the Phantom Speed seal to get his speed up high enough to get additional damage reduction out of that skill in his B slot. A single Peony just being on the field gives him +4 speed, running two makes that +8 let alone if he gets the +3 from her dance buff and another +3 just from being in the same row or column as her. The fact that the damage reduction off these skills stacks with his PRF AND a defense boosting A skill (rather than DC) means he can get some really stupid damage reduction.
While this is certainly true at the end of the day in most cases you're still forced to rely on creature combat to win games even if planeswalkers play a big role in that. The fact that Oko could provide a creature threat OR answer was a big part of the problem with him was it not?
I'm pretty sure 30 seconds is enough time to run from one end of the map to the other, not really a great argument there imo. The real problem the map has imo is that there's so many shortcuts between different areas of the map on top of the long sight lines. While we can say the spawns are poorly designed when it comes down to it they can't just be moved elsewhere because there are no actual "safe" potential spawn locations outside of the one "good" side of the map where the spawn is actually hidden behind buildings with 3-4 different exits that don't all share one easy line of sight. Basically the entire right side of the map with that spawn trap at the end of the road is trash and would need to be completely redone to make it work better, something I don't see Bungie ever bothering to do short of MAYBE if they were bringing the map into D3 years from now. There's a BIG difference between keeping you in the action being fun and being miserable as "in the action" means dying repeatedly over and over again the instant you spawn. I'd MUCH rather run for a couple seconds to get back into the action instead of spending a chunk of the match spawning into the enemy line of sight.
Lets see some cosmetics that were big status symbols from Destiny's history... Chatterwhite from clearing vault of glass, was a very big deal and extremely noticeable to anyone that saw you. When the raid first came out very few people had it and there were no shaders that made your armor anything remotely close to the same color. Same thing with Gloowoo from Crota's End. Now you could line up a bunch of players and you'd literally never notice someone with one of the ultra rare raid shaders from doing a flawless run, we have a metric ass ton of shaders and 90% of them look like shit and the other 10% still look like shit on most armor because of how so many pieces of armor have huge chunks that don't take shaders or take them horribly. Complete raid armor sets early on in D1 were pretty damn rare, seeing someone with a full set was a BIG deal in many cases, just like the shaders but even more prestigious. Certain armor pieces, ships and sparrows that were legitimately rare because you had to DO something to get them and actually go out of your way to farm them. Psion flayer cloaks from farming ONE specific strike repeatedly, three separate class items to represent each element and you had to farm the bosses such that you actually got the class item you wanted as only the last boss killed could drop their corresponding element cloak. All of the strike exclusive armor was extremely unique, hell you had Titan Gauntlets that had a giant ass blade on them that looked more unique than most of D2's exotic armor pieces. The raid sparrows from year 1 raids that were completely unique in functionality compared to every single other sparrow in the game with their overcharge boost that would then explode the sparrow if you held it too long. The legend that was the Nanomachine, the raid ship from Wrath of the Machine, a ship that so few people had you could have played for thousands of hours and never seen somebody using it. People cleared the raid hundreds of times and some never saw ANYONE in their entire fireteam have it drop that whole time. Even on a slightly lesser scale you had the ship from the Black Spindle mission that people chased after, especially when the mission was only available once or maybe twice a month for 24 hours when the correct daily heroic story was available. Hell we had people posting on Reddit when the shipright happened to be selling an uncommon rarity ship that might not have been available for months in a row, a ship that might have an entirely unique look while now we have hundreds of legendary ships that share something like 10 models at most between them all with slightly different paint jobs. Remember Factions in D2? No? Well in D1 you had factions all the time and there was some seriously rare stuff you could get from them. I remember having the New Monarchy ship back in year 1 that basically NOBODY had, it was just a rare drop that required something like rank 20 or possibly higher to drop. Then there were just the faction shaders that had a very distinct look you couldn't get basically anywhere else and you often had to REALLY grind out your faction just to get a chance at having a shader drop, let alone gather all of the available shaders. Eventually we had more ships added and each faction had multiple ships to try to grind out. On top of that each faction got actual exotic class items with the whole "life exotic" perk that allowed them to be equipped along with another normal exotic armor piece. Exotic class items that you had to get to rank 25 with a faction just to unlock a quest to let you earn that class item. Then you had all of the amazing additions in year 3 of D1 with all of the new raid armor ornaments from challenge modes which added amazing hologram ornaments onto all of the armor. There's basically nothing in D2 that looks even remotely close to as good as those armor pieces with ornaments. The only thing that comes close is the Moments of Triumph armor with glows that you have to buy from Eververse which Bungie then immediately made effectively useless two years in a row. Speaking of amazing raid armor ornaments you then also had completely unique Trials armor that looked nothing like any other armor in the game and then ALSO had unique hologram ornaments from going flawless in Trials. Not only did you need to get the full set of armor from drops winning trials but on top of that you had to go flawless a total of 5 times to get the full set of ornaments for a single character. Seeing someone in full trials armor with the flawless ornament was a hell of a thing to see, you immediately respected their pvp ability knowing what they had done to earn that. Hell they even tried implementing a similar thing in D2 with the challenge ornaments for the Leviathan armor in year 1 and even the ornaments you had to grind out for faction armor, crucible armor and vanguard armor...but Bungie seems to have just thrown that all away along with Factions and Trials in general. Even emblems could be a pretty big deal in D1. I remember getting bombarded with tons of messages while using the special emblem you got from completing the puzzle in Wrath of the Machine and unlocking Outbreak Prime the day it released. Basically nothing short of maybe the day Whisper got discovered has come close to the feeling of being there in the moment as Outbreak Prime was discovered and working on the puzzle as people were still figuring out the steps before any sort of guide was created. Then on the other hand you had things like the Scarab emblem from Trials, something people would play Trials all weekend for weeks in a row trying to unlock even after they got flawless. You'd see a team of Scarab Emblem players load into pvp against you and you might as well quit the match then and there. There was the entire motto Bungie had for D1 to "Become Legend" and how we as Guardians would earn these awesome trophies from our achievements in the game and they would be this symbols we could show off to others. A new player could see someone with epic armor that we fought to earn from a strike or raid boss. I could blow past someone in patrol on my raid sparrow with it's overdrive boost and leave them in awe of something cool they could strive to earn themselves. Now instead we have what? Oh boy look at that guy with the sweet looking finisher he bought for $8 in the Eververse store. Wow that totally unique ship that guy's using was $15 and silver only, can you imagine spending that for just a ship? Look at me on my cool Jotuun Sparrow!!! It's so silly, I don't even need to have done a single forge let alone have the exotic but I'm riding around on a sparrow shaped like it!!!! You know what would be cool? Seeing someone using the special class specific elemental finishers that they had to earn by grinding out a hard activity, get finisher kills on strike or raid bosses (if those were a thing). That guy using that Jotuun sparrow? Yeah he has that because he got 1000 kills with Jotuun in the crucible. Cosmetics can be a big part of what makes gear cool and interesting. Do you think most people ever gave a shit what stats were on your armor and looked at it to see if it's cool or anything? I don't see someone in the tower wearing a hideous mess of random armor pieces and inspect them to see if they're using some awesome god rolled 68 stat point armor all masterworked running a great min-maxed set of mods. I DID notice when someone would run past me in D1 with a strike exclusive armor piece I'd never seen anyone using and I didn't even know existed.
And if you're a consumer of said product (D2) why would you give a shit about whatever new IP Bungie is creating when you know that their ongoing support for the product is going to be shit? Destiny was sold to the playerbase as a living world and a product where we're expected to keep playing it, not just play it once and then wait for the next product to come out. That comes with expectations for maintaining that game on the developers end. Why would I want to buy their next product when I have no reason to expect them to give any better support and service for that product?
I imagine you can if you're good at it. You should be able to pop a Helm of Saint 14 bubble on the deposit location and have enough time to deposit all of the charges before the bubble runs out while all of the thralls wander around blindly. Granted I'm honestly not sure how the totem works with needing someone standing on the plate and if the deposit location is close enough to count.
It's also insanely miserable to play against if the enemy using it is good. In a normal 1v1 sniper duel you can generally have some hope that you could beat your opponent if you can have faster reflexes or maybe just get a lucky shot. If your opponent is flying through the air there's just enough of an extra variable that it feels basically hopeless, especially because a good player isn't just going to constantly be flying around at max height. Also obligatory fuck how floaty top tree Dawnblade is. I had an enemy the other day pop Dawnblade as I was hitting him with arcstrider. It took him to like 10% hp with one hit but then he literally just sat in the air while all I could do is run around on the ground like an idiot until I died before my super ended because there was literally no way I could reach him even with triple jump. This was the final 1v1 of the round in comp and my teammate on Discord just straight up said that yeah there was legit nothing I could have done. Short of somehow loading my menu to swap sub classes to end my super and shoot him out of the air before he hit me a single time with dawnblade I had no way to even damage him.
Maybe Masked Marth isn't showing up in the Tempest Trials anymore BECAUSE there is no real danger? These are just bullshit and not real "Tempests" or whatever. Or the "story" in this game let alone limited time event modes like this is complete bullshit...maybe that one.
Personally I'm somewhat amazed that only 2.5% of the people that upgraded AR-15 to Mod3 didn't also have M4 to Mod3 by the end of the event. I mean it makes sense from the standpoint that M4 benefits far more from actually getting Mod3 during the event since AR-15's speq wouldn't be used on the night maps anyway but still. Also D: I'm included in all of these %'s except for obtaining Thunder...I ran out of time and had to prioritize what little time I had which meant leaving her behind for a future event instead hopefully. I feel bad for the 76.6% of people that didn't get Honey Badger
I mean, Katamari Damacy is already a game.
True, though I doubt most people that had the resources to mod either of them up to mod 3 let alone both of them to that point are people that have no idea what their mods provide. It's possible some amount of people fall into that category though.
Idk, I've been using Dorothy for it and even with her skill not being up while running I haven't had any problems. 210 base evasion boosted to 283 with tile buffs. Usually I get hit by Dreamer once, maybe twice a run?
Fair
I'd also just like to throw this out as well that some Ghost perks just straight up do not actually function together at all. There's a few exotic ghosts that can have Guiding Light and a specific activity experience perk. In theory this sounds amazing for the current season level model....except it's entirely pointless as the two exp boosts do not in fact stack. You literally put ghosts into the game with a fixed 10% exp boost and another specific activity 10% boost where the specific activity boost NEVER does anything and is completely useless. Also can we have some transparency on how these buffs actually work? If I'm using a ghost with a crucible experience log perk while playing crucible does that only increase my experience in the matches? If I turn in a crucible bounty while in orbit between matches do I get the experience boost or not? If I turn in a non-crucible bounty while in a crucible match do I get the experience boost? Why is this all so complicated and not just straightforward or at least explained clearly in game.
I mean to be fair Thunder Armads always seemed kind of bad/awkward imo. That said they clearly seemed to dial these weapons to 11 in terms of how good they are (well the axe and lance anyway). I wonder if they just really didn't want the crossover heroes to end up not being a big hit. Really makes me wonder how stupidly optimized their stats are going to be. Hopefully this means our free TT hero will be good...as yet another red sword infantry hero ugh.
He's point out that there are no other legendary Kinetic 150 rpm HC's really. The only other options are Midnight Coup and Rose which both have fixed perks. Beyond that the only 150s in the Kinetic slot are exotics. Every other Kinetic option is a different archetype with most all of them being 110 or 140 outside of service revolver being possibly the only 180 kinetic HC.
Best at what? Sitting in a brick of armor heroes and tanking enemies? Hell I don't know when the last time I even saw someone using Legendary Hector was.
Not to mention there's no clause about not being able to counter like standard firesweep. That's a REALLY big deal imo.
My point is more that sitting in one location and tanking hits while buffed by allies and preventing enemy counterattack isn't really anything special. Look at someone like Myrrh by comparison and Thunder Armads kind of looks like a joke with it's condition requirement. Not to mention how many effects we have today that just negate preventing follow-up attacks. The only way I can see any real argument to Thunder Armads being good is that it lends itself to armor brick strategies on an armor hero...but that's about it. It's really nothing amazing and certainly not "one of the best weapons in the game since release"
I mean...except for the fact that it's calculated in combat which means it's incredibly easy to boost defense to pretty crazy levels. If you're using her and want the effect you can easily make it work. You're already comparing it to Thunder Armads which requires specific setup of other allies to work. There are plenty of ways to buff Myrrh's in combat defense and even debuff enemies, you wouldn't even be forced to have her next to allies.
Technically just because we know the code was changed to allow him to be a Mythic doesn't mean he HAS to be the next Mythic. They could also pull something like a Legendary and Mythic in the same event or a free Mythic to go with the anniversary. Not saying I agree with OP but it wouldn't be the craziest thing for IS to do. If anything it's kind of surprising that Tiki didn't show up in this banner with her general popularity and the fact IS clearly has no issue giving her a billion alts.
Ugh, I wish I could use a 110 HC, I just hate how they feel and can't stand using them.
Eh, I'd say the bow is a lot better than you're giving it credit for. Not only is it +3 speed but as a PRF it's also +3 attack. It's also on a hero that's likely to have very high speed to begin with making the conditional clause likely not horribly relevant. Being able to counterattack without needing to run Null-C disrupt also allows for some pretty interesting build potential with being able to run something like Vantage or just a Lull ability even. Technically being on a bow makes this impossible thankfully but imagine a fast melee focused hero getting a similar PRF firesweep weapon and then being able to run it alongside close call or repel, you'd be able to get in free damage on player phase and then still be able to counter while using the units high speed combined with close call for increased tanking potential.
But just imagine...this isn't a gold bordered tier 4 skill. How insane would the potential of Blade Session 4 be???? Yeah, they seem like they're really just kind of gimmicky skills to go along with the TMS#'s theme.
Certainly helps that a lot of people are prepared for Ophelia with a tanky green counter and Lilina then can just shit on that counter usually.
Honestly the biggest thing against Tsubasa is just that she's yet another lance flier in a world of a billion lance fliers including a lot of solid options in the 3-4 star pool that people can already have at +10. Biggest thing going for her imo is that she has the Cavalry and Armor effectiveness which should be on top of gen 3 or 4 or whatever stats. Still wouldn't be at all surprised if this banner is largely bait for yet more bullshit powercreep at the anniversary. Best case scenario is it's "bait" for another long overdue mass demotion where future banners will be much more exciting to summon on due to previously 5-star exclusives being demoted...but I wouldn't hold my breath on that.
Unless Kiria somehow has absolutely horrible stats I can't imagine there possibly being any demotes. Even then that would be putting atk/res solo and Lull atk/res into the 4 star pool which I just can't imagine happening. There's no way in hell any of the others could be getting a demote between how insane they seem and how busted their skill sets are. Atk/Spd Push 4, Vengeful Fighter and Blade Sessions 3 are not skills I could see IS making available in the 4 star pool.
If you're trying to take out L!Julia you don't try to fight her defensively with a mage. She gets a stupid huge attack and res bonus with her base kit on her own turn attacking. Then you also have to keep in mind that her base B skill negates any visible buffs you try to use against her as well, so if you're using a strategy of buffing a defensive unit it's effectively worthless. Attack her with a strong physical based attacker on player phase and she's not too difficult to deal with, especially if it's someone fast and she's not running some speed oriented build as she's generally pretty slow.
Needs Close Call or Repel on the B slot for maximum speed based tankiness. Yes I know that doesn't go with the entire spd/def hybrid skill theme.
Well...at least you needed one for Steady Posture 3 I suppose, you could not get either of them. Unfortunately he doesn't exactly have a ton of premium skills for too many heroes now that Wrath is "easier" to get and idk quite how many heroes really want Steady Posture 3 even if it can be really good.
Well aside the rather weird censorship laws for porn Japan is flooded with similar extremely "risque" art of questionably aged looking characters in games, anime, manga etc. The mobile game industry in general is also way bigger there for this kind of game so people are more accustom to seeing that sort of stuff I suppose. CN has their own censorship laws that Mica has to follow there and they seem to be wanting (or having) to play safe with Google and or Apple in regards to keeping the game up in the app stores. Doesn't help that there's so much pressure to be politically correct or whatever in the US where a game like this can get bad press from certain people that disapprove of the artwork despite never being the target audience. Doesn't take much for someone to start a press nightmare that leads to Apple and or Google removing the game and effectively killing the global version entirely. Not sure if this was your point or not but yeah when there's concerns about censorship being required in the global version on a similar scale to China's insane censorship laws it's pretty crazy.
BLAH. I don't have a MLB Black Grail... Time to see if I can make this work another way...have a few ideas. Lvl100 Hokusai and 1800 fous might make it possible. Edit: Strat works fine with lvl60 non-MLB black grail and lvl100 Hokusai w/ 1800 fous...but I cheated and used a command seal for full NP on Hokusai for wave 3 due to bad RNG getting no Hokusai cards at all on wave 2 and not wanting to keep repeating for the correct RNG Potential risk for people trying this I'm pretty sure Jalter can straight up 1shot Hokusai if she attacks her and gets a crit either turn 1 or 2 potentially, definitely can if she crits her twice.
Edited my comment above. Did it with lvl60 non-MLB Black Grail (1671 atk), though np2 Hokusai w/ 1800 fous so I'm sitting at 16,716 vs your 15,500 in the video while missing out on 20% np damage from Black Grail being non-MLB. I also have my Gilgamesh caster at 10/10/10 but np1, otherwise the same setup and strategy. I did however cheat and use a command seal for full NP wave 3 because I got screwed over with zero Hokusai cards wave 2 so I couldn't refill her np though I'm sure I easily could do so with the correct card RNG plus her own skill after the -30% debuff as you did. I might try again for good RNG before the event ends, didn't want to take the time doing it at the moment though. Also holy crap I just realized your Waver is np5 along with your support's Waver lol
That part really wasn't hard to do yourself actually, it was basically just addition, the only tricky part was you had to get multiple people in the fireteam to match up. I was in a group that did it the first day before any tools were made and it was like 8am after being up all night but it was still quite doable. This shit on the other hand is absurd and I don't even want to think about trying to solve it myself, it's on a whole different level.
Oh I remembered that part, I actually just misunderstood which part of the puzzle the person I responded to was talking about I think. I was thinking of the part where it was calibrating the things in your inventory.
Dang those are quite solid stats on a colorless archer. Kind of surprised Tsubasa only has 32 attack though, I guess they tried to balance out the 40 speed. Kiria is quite underwhelming with only 20 speed even with 41 attack and high res on reds isn't very noteworthy.
Very likely making the same decision myself...heck yeah.
Ugh so many servants to choose from I can't decide. I'll have to look at potential future banner options to figure out who I get. Also I'm not 100% sure I like this or not. On one hand it's great we're effectively getting this 1.5 years early but on the other hand if we don't get another at that point we're missing out on the option to choose a bunch of other future 4 stars with this ticket. Currently I'm debating between...Circe, Tomoe, Pent and Medea Lily... They're almost certainly purely for the sake of having them rather than filling any need with the slight exception of Medea Lily possibly being useful on some rare occasion. I have no idea how an NP1 Tomoe compares to np5 Kuro but she'd also be my only other gold ST archer for whatever that's worth.
Honestly feels like Kiria kind of got screwed over with her largely being a draw for her Lull skill, people that like Tharja alts and her weapon being pretty solid as a support skill. Even as a support effect her weapon is kind of awkward as she needs to be within 2 tiles of the opponent and you're not going to be able to easily do that with also having another unit attacking the enemy in between very often. Lilina also has a VERY similar statline with just worse hp and defense, the same res and 40 attack herself with an attack boon. That's relevant because it'll be WAY easier to build a +10 +atk Lilina than Kiria (unless she demotes) and Lilina can even make up for that 1 attack difference with access to +10 dragonflowers. Lilina also gets +6 attack with DB3 on top of the chill res with her weapon refinement which pretty much invalidates the +3 base attack bonus Kiria gets.
I don't have the numbers to support this but I feel like they slowed down the rate of GHB revivals recently, possibly due to adding other events, BHB revivals and such. Still better than the stupid as hell grail costs to +10 TT heroes where you only ever get 2 free copies though. I really wish they could do something about that but idk what they could realistically do.
IC, I was wondering if GHB's and BHB revivals shared the same timetable for reruns. It felt like we'd had a lot of BHB revivals lately and the GHB reruns had slowed down. Must resist urge to spend 450 grails on that one copy of Kronya...even though I kind of want to give Brave Lucina distant guard anyway...
Unless you really like Kiria's character she's kind of meh. She's basically a slightly different take on Lilina who's a launch unit and much easier to get a +atk boon up to +10 and even has access to +10 dragonflowers over Kiria. Not to mention Tharja with her prf likely hits harder than Kiria as well AND has an actual usable speed stat. Also keep in mind that these heroes are permanent heroes, not seasonal event heroes. They'll be in the permanent pool from this point on and will likely show up occasionally on banners which includes banners which will likely have better summon rates for them such as the 3 hero revival banners starting at 4% or even hero fests potentially starting even higher. There's also a slight chance that if IS decides that they have to demote someone from this banner Kiria gets demoted as she likely has the least premium overall stats/skills compared to the others. If she DOES get demoted that would mean you could even build her up toward +10 in the future without necessarily pulling specifically for her with your orb stash. Above all however if you don't particularly like them as characters I wouldn't pull for them. Unless you're a whale really trying to compete in AR or Arena I wouldn't really ever suggest dumping a huge pile of saved up orbs to +10 a hero you don't actually like as a character.
At least she won't have DC at that point so she won't be murdering whoever attacks her at the same time.
I'd like to agree but it's the only possibility IF they have a demote. There's no way they'd put Atk/spd push 4 or vengeful fighter in the 4star pool and Mamori is straight up absurd and would be incredibly broken with easy merges. Can't see Blade Sessions and basically the poster character of the banner demoted either.
A faster reload on Izanagi's Burden is the single biggest DPS boost you can really get for the gun outside of not missing your shots and the standard Weapons of Light buff and 30% enemy debuff. With the loss of damage stacking in general it ends up being quite important. In the past reload speed wasn't a big deal because of auto-reload but it makes a huge difference in boss DPS with Izanagi's. Being able to basically max out everyone's reload speed on Izanagi in a boss encounter during a raid from a single person can make a big difference. It's slightly less noteworthy this season however as we have both enhanced sniper reloader and enhanced rifle loader as seasonal mods that both have a low energy cost and can go on any element armor (and stack) but it's still great.
I remember back in...year 2(?) of Destiny 1 when Bungie told us that they had some new feature in the works so we'd "never have to worry about vault space again" Yeah...still waiting on that Bungie because collections sure as hell didn't fully solve things in D1 and in D2 our collections are basically a joke with how entirely useless they are with everything being randomized stats that we can't pull out of collections anyway. I literally keep probably 90% of my exotic weapons dismantled to save vault space and just pull them out of collections for an hour or less if I ever need to use them before being dismantled again.
TFW I've had Lancelot since like week 1 on NA and he's been max bond for probably close to two years from back when he was my best wave clear option in general. I can't get too hyped about using him for farming even though I have him at np4 now since it will feel like such a waste using a max bond servant for farming all the time.
What if in order to finish or run or w/e the final solution to this puzzle you have to also be 999+ Light? Technically with another 10 levels this season that is FAR easier to achieve than it was last season, plus we had incredibly easy experience gains possible with the Dawning repeatable bounties for 4 weeks.
It seems pretty reasonable that when you're talking about a potentially 48+ symbol code the "exit" symbol doesn't need to actually be on an exit tile. It just has to be the most recent symbol before the actual exit that we see on the map. When you're already going that deep into a specific code adding one more symbol to the end of the chain shouldn't make a huge difference from a difficulty of finding/solving the puzzle. There should still end up being only one "last" symbol that we'll know, the exit is what helps to determine what path has to be followed to possibly reach it and thus what the last symbol that is passed through is.
I am making a post here because it'd be really cool to win something even though I certainly don't expect to.
Does anyone have any specific suggested way to farm these? I have several pairs but I have yet to get some amazing almost pure recovery (or pure anything) roll that I'd ideally like to get.
Except at least in the Niobe Labs situation you got an exotic ghost and special emblem for actually completing it yourself. Imagine spending two weeks of your time "playing the game" doing nothing but contributing to solving this puzzle and by the time you completed the puzzle it was entirely pointless because the exotic quest for Bastion was already released. If they never told people that opening Bergusia forge was linked to completing Niobe Labs that would have been fine really, you still got a special reward for finishing it even if they unlock Bergusia when the puzzle is taking too long without saying it's related. In the case of the puzzle however there would be effectively zero reward for all the time put into solving it.
I think part of the issue is that with the complexity of this puzzle and how much raw data was required it would be INCREDIBLY easy for bad data to completely screw up the entire process of solving the puzzle and salvaging the leftover data to separate accurate vs inaccurate data would have been nearly impossible after the fact. Regardless of how positive we can try to be about the communities involvement it only takes a couple of trolls to ruin the thing for everyone. People WERE apparently submitting fake edited photos to try to screw things up and give bad data that could have caused a lot of issues. The fact that the crowdsourcing had to rely on multiple reports of the same exact codes (I believe?) while good in theory for finding good reliable data also means that the overall "solve" time had to be longer than if all data was always 100% reliable. Sadly the "best" solution to this in all honestly might have been if the game was still on consoles only such that only console screenshots were accepted through some form of console share or another that did not allow for re-uploaded images that could have been edited somehow. That of course would be rather insane and stupid considering the PC community. There was also the issue of just raw server capacity. Giving everyone access to all of the data being crowdsourced on a single website is a really good way to effectively just DDoS that website and make it useless to everyone. Overall I think this was just a somewhat poorly designed puzzle for total community involvement. YES it required a huge group effort but it required it in such a way that could run into many problems such as bad and/or edited images. The way you could obtain new codes also heavily encouraged people just sitting at the Timeless vault and rotating through players joining them to get codes on each character from players each hour as much as possible. If instead players could just run the emblem code and get a new puzzle piece as often as possible on their own but joining someone at the end didn't work individual player input would be FAR more valuable and the entire system of streamers having players join to get codes wouldn't need to exist. I think an actual puzzle to SOLVE like we've seen in the past with outbreak prime or Niobe Labs just works far better. People can crowdsource ideas and work individually or together to try to test theories and solve that kind of puzzle but they aren't just running around screenshotting puzzle codes that then need to be grouped up with thousands of other codes to actually solve everything. Also holy fuck Bungie could you make the end reward any worse? Week early access to an exotic quest for a weapon we know about? Nah that's not bad enough, lets bring that exotic quest release forward a week so it's only 1 day early access and 99.9% of players never need to even step foot in the corridors of time let alone know anything about the puzzle and all of the effort that went into solving it. The ONLY people that were actually rewarded in any meaningful way from this entire thing were the streamers that got a ton of viewers, followers, subscriptions and donations from insane community support trying to solve the puzzle. If this is the kind of "reward" we're expecting from this point on in Destiny are people even going to care about solving insane puzzles like this in the future? I sure as hell wouldn't unless I was a streamer looking at potentially getting a huge payday from streaming it.
I've never noticed the recoil go to the left but maybe I just haven't paid enough attention. Curious, are you on PC or console? With the surprisingly high recoil on PC I'm curious if the gun is even usable on console if it has far higher recoil there. I'll also note (as much as I really don't want to see a ton of people doing this) that scatter projectile targeting seems to greatly improve accuracy with the individual shots/pellets/whatever of each part of the burst and potentially even help considerably with the subsequent shots as well. I haven't had a chance to test yet with specifically fusion rifle targeting but I assume it's the same at an even lower mod cost. On the bright side scatter targeting mods have relatively little overlap with other PvP meta weapons aside pulse rifles I suppose. SMG's are used some on PC at least but I feel like a loadout of Bastion + SMG would be a bit awkward with the lack of range. Then again not like I'm eager to see even more people using pulse rifles all the time...though at least most all of the good ones are primaries rather than secondary that could be paired up with Bastion.
Counterpoint: imo python has been the best designed gambit weapon quest to date. With the right setup and new mods from this season you can easily run triple shotguns and absolutely destroy mobs at an insane rate AND do great boss dps with a one two punch build and tractor cannon. If you want you can even drop the second shotgun for a better weapon against invaders or invading. Using a hunter with one two punch and getting the most enemies defeated, motes deposited and over 50% primeval damage is extremely fun. It was also the first weapon quest where I didn't feel like I was hindering my team while doing it, I basically just played a fun build while completing games and finished in no time. One of the really big problems is how miserable solo queue in Gambit prime is where the vast majority of players have no armor for the role perks and don't even attempt to carry out any specific role. The next biggest problem honestly is how absurd armaments mods and heavy finisher can be in the mode giving you insane amounts of heavy ammo that can totally break any remote bit of balance that could possibly exist with invasions.
Ha wait until you run into players that are good at using Bastion. It's a slightly harder to use LoW with longer range and better ammo efficiency plus it's in the kinetic slot so you can pair it with Not Forgotten as well. In other news I'm amazed to hear Jotuun is a thing on console. I don't think I've ever seen a Jotuun in comp since Shadowkeep at least. Probably less than 10 Erentils as well. Also obligatory wtf hunter weighted knife. I've seen so many people with basically 100% precision hit rates with the damn thing from basically any range even when they're jumping around a corner and suddenly spin 160 degrees or some shit. I've tried it myself and it feels lucky if I can get body hits half of the time. Contraverse holds are the only reason I ever feel like it's fair to use LoW as it's the one shotgun that is remotely consistent at killing through the damn damage reduction shield they get but even then it's almost always a trade at best. Honestly I wish Bungie would just remove all one shot class abilities short of supers
At which point it's still an entirely viable build if you run finder and scavenger perks, especially in gambit prime where you can run the reaper set and getting 5 rapid kills drops a special brick for the entire team that essentially fully refills all of you special ammo.
...what? You were saying you couldn't do it when they "fix" the current mod from the obelisk and I was telling you that you can still run the same build just fine even without that mod if they ever change it.
I kind of feel like most all of the single target Assassin's that aren't Jack or Gramps are largely mediocre or worse. Shiki is basically the only exception as a welfare NP5 that also has a 30% np battery and is arts based for easier np gen through arts chains. Also as much as I love using her it's rare that I'm in a position where Melt really shines. This seems especially insulting going forward (I'm on NA) where even after her strengthening her Melt Virus still debuffs allies NP's by 50% for the turn and she's only buffing her own NP damage by 30% at most AND her "amazing" 10% 3 turn self quick buff still applies AFTER her NP damage. Meanwhile Saber Astolfo gets a 3 turn 20% quick self buff that applies BEFORE his NP damage. Don't get me wrong Melt is great when you're fighting multiple cavalry enemies where a single servant class won't work short of a berserker who won't have the sustainability to last long but that's pretty dang niche. Also yes she can be great in solo fights but that's not really anything horribly special and even then it's not like she has especially good survivability, she doesn't have any way to heal herself, her attack buff lowers her own defense and her evade is only 2 hits (with 15 stars tacked on). Also this is really just me but it's really annoying that her first two skills are 5 CD at lvl10 while her third is 6 AND has a delayed buff until her strengthening.
I'll be honest I really wanted np2 but I REALLY wasn't expecting it and definitely wasn't expecting it as easily as it came. Absolutely 10000% lucked out insanely. Maybe she was feeling grateful for immediately getting her to 100, 10/10/10, 1800/1800 before I tried rolling any more for np2. And yeah NP2 is quite nice, it really pushes her neutral damage against most enemies up quite a bit and makes it a lot easier to use her for general farming situations which is really nice. I was actually slightly surprised with how relatively little NP she seems to gain even with considerable buffs from her NP but WOW does she gain stupid amounts of NP from her arts cards and especially crits. I really love seeing enemies just drowning in defense down debuffs too. Idk if this will make you feel any better but since you mentioned Okita I have to mention...while I got extremely lucky with Hokusai apparently Okita hates me and I just legit can't ever summon her ever no matter how many quartz she tricks me into dumping trying anyway.
tbh it's the same with shotguns for the most part AND a lot of other weapons. Most weapons really only have 1 viable archetype for pvp unless you knowingly want to use a worse alternative one. I think snipers are really one of the only exceptions. Pulse rifles might as well but even there it's 2 out of 4(or 3?) and there's only like 2-3 guns at most in each archetype and TONS more that are trash. It's even worse if you also factor in PvE where even the best archetypes of some weapons aren't very good to begin with and the others are just bad. The worst part is how incredibly slow Bungie is at making ANY sandbox changes let alone PvP focused ones. Even then they seem pretty damn horrible at actually implementing good changes when they make them. They seem to basically rotate between which guns are the "best" but very rarely come close to striking a balance between them.
Oh yeah she was MVP by far in that challenge quest. I'm really looking forward to seeing how she can do in Setsubun.
True, though she doesn't really retain her buffs outside of the 10% overcharge effect for long if you're looping with her. Even then 10% quick up each NP isn't that massive, especially when you compare it to the likes of Skadi/Tamamo/Merlin each providing 50% up for their respective card types. Skadi and Merlin even provide an additional 20% defense down and 20% atk up respectively. Stacking card specific buffs with multiple servants makes Melt's 10% quick buff from her overcharge even more pathetic. At best Melt is still only reaching a 30% quick buff from looping her np AND that's only on quick cards after her NP, she only ever receives 20% quick up on her NP from herself. Comparing that to saber Astolfo and he's getting that with a single NP BEFORE his NP damage for that turn and it's still 3 turns all the same. Yes I'm ignoring the fact that you CAN get higher buffs from her OC if you're getting 200% or higher overcharge but honestly how often is that happening?
FML I was expecting we wouldn't get this batch until next year. I'm not remotely prepared to get it already. And then we're going to get the next set of wedding skins after that.
&gt;when facing foreigner boss Yeah...because there's SOOOO many of those all the time. Especially considering that Foreigners didn't even exist for a considerable time after she released.
Does the matches play step track between steps? I know the control points step does. I guess I just somehow perfectly hit the last step as I also completed my 10th match.
I mean, it's blatantly obvious that every RPM HC that isn't 150s needs rebalancing yes. There's also the "issue" that Thorn is the only 150 rpm exotic HC and thus the only exotic at the best RPM. It's expected for the most part that exotics should be better than legendary alternatives as that's kind of their design though currently the loss of the lightweight frame perk kind of hurts Thorn as a 150 simply due to how big the bonuses for being a lightweight are. It's also an issue of a LOT of exotics needing a buff overall but Bungie being so amazingly fucking slow at ever doing that so it's almost just flat out not worth considering.
I mean it made a lot more sense when the frames were originally designed. 140s had quite a bit more range than 150s so you had to get closer to engage with 150s and thus the speed boost helped you close distances and get in range better. The free 20 mobility they have now was also much less significant when we had fewer stats and ways to boost mobility plus hunter dodge cooldown wasn't based on it. Also just saying but you REALLY don't want lightweights to have an intrinsic perk like moving target slapped onto them, they're already the archetype with the best aim assist out of all HCs so giving them more would be absurd. 140s just really got hit hard with the range nerf AND the fact that the overall damage balancing way back that brought up TTK for all weapons put them in this stupidly awkward spot against 150s where they both kill in the same optimal 3 headshots.
Oh but there is, it's called the mountaintop. For some reason it doesn't work for the quest though. On a serious note though I easily did the quest on my first character on the very first day before everyone else got to that step and realized they had to fight like hell for heavy non-stop. I also late in the week helped a friend cheese that step which was stupidly easy with the (I believe still working?) fusion/linear fusion scavenger bug and sleeper simulant. I could get sleeper ammo from any special ammo drops and then when I died with even one shot it would drop a heavy brick that he could pick up. Rather stupid that we had to resort to such a stupid glitch just to progress the quest at all basically. It's also really dumb on Bungie's part because rocket launchers are probably the single worst heavy weapon type to make for that quest step with the shared heavy ammo system. People are so likely to waste their ONE rocket shooting at an enemy that a teammate is also shooting at. Not only that but it's incredibly easy for your enemy to use up their heavy ammo while you have absolutely no chance to kill them to pick it up yourself. That said if you got shared team wide progress the rocket kill requirement would have been absolutely fine and easy. I have no idea how Bungie finally made team wide progress count back in year 2 but then immediately backpedaled that design in year 3.
That's reassuring with the low HoC requirement for CT. Was worried we'd need higher level AND even worse higher rarity or we'd really struggle.
Oh wow only 1200 each? That's a lot cheaper than I expected. Guess I don't need to spend the next month with 3 dogs constantly after all.
Ok, so Broadsword was season 1 and 2 before it?
I mean I intentionally melt the Cryopod boss regardless of people saying they want to make it heroic. Sometimes I burn it even harder just because I know people are trying to make it heroic. The only exception I've ever had to this is when I knew people were trying to do the heroic in Thieves landing that is required for the one forge unlock. There's basically no reason to EVER make the cryopod heroic. You spend way too much time sitting around waiting to finish the event when there's a constant cycle of events all around the tangled shore that you could be moving to instead. Beyond that you can also reload the area and frequently get multiple public events in the same location in the time you'd otherwise just be sitting around. The "reward" from heroics is just not worth the extra time for that specific event at all.
It's still not worth making the Cryopod heroic for the Bastion quest. There's a constant cycle of public events in the Tangled shore, the extra time you spend doing the heroic isn't worth it. Not only that but you can do the normal version and reload the zone to get a different instance and do the non-heroic twice faster than you could do the heroic once. The cryopod public event is just horribly designed and takes way longer as a heroic. Heroic versions of public events shouldn't take way longer to do than the standard events.
Eh, maybe. Certainly wouldn't be worse than a number of trash perks we already have. I like the idea of frame perks in general as it adds some good variety to the weapons and a reason to use one over the other if they're otherwise balanced equally....they're just never balanced equally. I can't even tell you what the "perk" on 110 and 140 rpm handcannons is. Lightweight and Precision frames on the other hand actually have relevant perks. It's also a way to give legendary weapons a bit of a benefit compared to exotics due to exotics not having their normal rpm frame bonus.
While it's not great for actually killing a Titan Barrier it's quite useful against them. If your enemy doesn't know that it refunds your ammo (or doesn't know that you're using Revoker at all) they might see you shoot it twice and assume you're out of ammo. It's also useful if you're facing off someone trying to peek in and out through it so you can shoot it and not just waste ammo if you don't hit them. Also useful if someone is sitting behind a barrier and you're trying to time shooting them as it runs out as your fail case is still getting your ammo back. Annoyingly you also lose your ammo if you hit a teammate...which is so fun when someone walks in front of your shot.
More likely working on whatever mobile game or other trash China gave them $100 million expecting them to make.
Hey u/dmg04 Any chance you can tell us why Gambler's Ruin is still in the Iron Banner map pool? Was it not specifically called out as a problematic map that has some horrible spawns and is especially bad in control? I seem to remember hearing that it would be removed from the control playlist but left in the rumble playlist...so why is it showing up ALL THE TIME in Iron Banner now? Last season you showed that you can seemingly at will change the map selection in IB from when you undid the map pool being restricted to only 3 maps...can you remove Gambler's Ruin from the rest of this current IB? Or at the VERY least make it not show up in IB in the future after this week's event? I'm really sick of literally spawning into getting killed by a super or having 3 people shooting me before my spawn animation is over. Or spawning inside a control point while the enemy is capturing it..or having enemies spawn right next to me at a control point when my team is capturing it. If it doesn't get removed I'm literally going to have to just leave every match I get on the map because they're so incredibly horrible.
And? Obviously it takes almost no effort to keep making what they've been making in Eververse. They have 500+ employees, you think more than like 5-10 are working on Eververse content. With 3 months between each season they could probably have like 2 people working on Eververse cosmetics day by day and not need any more.
I mean looking at how much Bungie has seemingly screwed up their own development repeatedly with dumpstering the storyline and such months before the release deadline I wouldn't be surprised if you somehow told me Bungie DOES need 400+ people to make a mobile game.
Probably. Kind of depends on what you use it for and how your performance is currently vs what you might want. I'm running a 1080ti on a 6600k...because I can't afford to upgrade everything else at the moment. I'm also only using a 60hz monitor though. I can run most games at 1080p with max settings locked at 60fps and I'll rarely hit 50% GPU usage even while my cpu will hover between 75-90% most of the time. If I uncap my framerate my CPU will instantly hit 100% while my GPU will still end up at 80% or less. Any sort of extra strain the game tries to put on the CPU will cause a huge variance in framerate as there's no extra power available. That said if you don't particularly care about playing at 100+ fps or 144+ on a 144hz monitor it might not matter much to you at the moment. Basically try launching a game or whatever you'd think is hardest for your system to run that you normally play/use and look at your Task Manager to see what sort of usage you're getting out of your CPU and GPU accordingly. If you're getting 100% on your CPU but nowhere near 100% on your GPU you're definitely being bottlenecked by your CPU. That said your cpu is definitely a bit better than mine so you might not actually be as bottlenecked as I am, though they are 5 year old cpus by now. Definitely depends on what sort of games you want to play on it though and what sort of performance you're expecting.
"baller" in what sense? Is being a worse Go Figure which is already just a worse Blast Furnace or Sacred Providence really even worth talking about? I'm not sure if your on console but on PC at least right side of wrong is BY FAR the worst of the aggressive burst pulse rifles. It has far worse recoil than any of the others AND the recoil direction is far worse on top of that. I have a great roll on a Right Side of Wrong and the only reason I ever use it is for nightfalls or such when I'm using Izanagi's but still need a champion mod this season. Even then most of the time I'd rather use a bow and I really don't like bows.
It also feels like Bungie has so little actual content to fill out the 3 month season that they seem to feel like they HAVE to include this sort of stuff on the roadmap or it's barren. Are 3 different weekly bosses in one activity really worth highlighting on the roadmap as three different items? We then had to have a huge time lock for heroic sundial only to have to wait for another time lock for the actual new boss where there's any real reason to go do heroic sundial for most people. Literally if you're 970 from the month+ before heroic sundial dropped there is zero reason to run heroic sundial. The one pinnacle drop from heroic sundial is entirely meaningless as the 3 powerful weapons you can choose from your first normal sundial literally provide you with 3x as much fodder/value AND it has matchmaking. Basically everyone I know isn't even bothering to do heroic sundial until the new boss is available at which point it becomes "Do heroic sundial once for the triumph and then never run it again" just for the triumph and title. We don't even need to kill each boss on heroic or defeat the bosses without dying on heroic like in Menagerie, the entire difficulty is borderline meaningless.
His point is that you can run 50 Mobility with Dragon's Shadow to effectively have 100 mobility AND perpetuation lowers your dodge cooldown on top of that even if you're "maxed" at 100 mobility. This means you can have your dodge up in ~8s or whatever if you're triggering perpetuation when you use it which then means you're able to have 100% uptime on the wraithmetal perk from Dragon's Shadow because you're able to dodge before the 10s buff ends. Likely this is also largely commenting on the fact that even with a 9.5s cooldown on your dodge at 100 mobility you technically don't get 100% uptime because the dodge doesn't go back onto cooldown until after the dodge animation is finished rather than immediately after pressing the button and starting the dodge animation. Also TECHNICALLY you can sort of go above tier 10 because you can still use paragon mods in armor 1.0 armor which do stack with 100 mobility to further decrease dodge cooldown...though have fun actually doing that and having armor 1.0 armor with good stats/perks to go into a build and not just having garbage stats everywhere else.
Isn't it 6, or 8 if you have the perk from the season pass. I've always gotten 2 pieces of gear from resets, one powerful and one non-powerful.
Have you seen how many emote related issues there have been over the years? Have you seen how tons of ornaments have massive clipping issues with class items and such. Hell hunter capes basically fly away to their home planet and just vanish with a bunch of emotes. Also I didn't necessarily say that it's only 2-5 people that are involved with eververse period but it's likely not 25+ people actually doing the actual design work. Point is that even if it IS 25+ people they have 500+ employees and it feels like we have maybe 5 working on the actual non-eververse content.
Plus you know...people will have had 4 years of Trumps shit as president and at least 1-2% of his supporters realized what an absolute disaster that's been. I know a LOT of people that didn't want to vote for Hillary (though also didn't want to vote for Trump in many cases) but are solidly on the "anyone but Trump 2020" boat now after seeing just how bad the past 3 years have been. Hell I was one of those people who voted third party knowingly throwing my vote away in 2016 but as a fellow Massachusetts resident I also knew that there was no way in hell Trump was going to win here. Honestly I kind of just wish we COULD support a third party option in this country with how much BS we've seen out of the DNC but that's never going to happen anytime soon if ever. I'm honestly still at least half expecting the DNC to refuse to support Bernie even if he's clearly the choice and best shot at beating Trump.
The important factor that you don't mention, and imo the big reason people say to wait on targeted pulls, is that you actually DO want to do every single mission every day AND use as few pulls as possible to complete the board. After the event ends you get all of your left over key cards turned into calibration tickets at a rate of 1:5, so if you take 80 key cards to complete the board but still farm the other 109 or so key cards from the entire event duration that's a "free" 545 calibration tickets in addition to all of the other event prizes. That's just under 55 combat sim energy worth of calibration tickets if you've beat/unlocked all of Defense Drill. Considering how many things use up Calibration tickets, how fast any Fairy calibration can burn through them AND the fact that we now have HoCs which can also require them it's not like they're in low demand. Not only that but with Mods available now and memory fragments being available to farm every day just like defense drill you basically never want to have to farm defense drill for calibration tickets instead of farming memory fragments on non-Data days. Worth noting your leftover points for targeted draws are entirely worthless after the event, only key cards are worth anything. This means the ~10-11 average difference in key cards required to complete the event if you use your targeted draws immediately is losing you ~50 calibration tickets or 5 energy worth. In addition every time you use a targeted draw and then also get that space as a repeat with a normal keycard you will have effectively wasted 9 key cards worth of targeted draw points. TL:DR rather than thinking of how much sooner or lazier you can complete the event by waiting until you can complete the board to use targeted draws thing about how many calibration tickets you can get by saving the maximum amount of keycards possible.
I'd LOVE if you could choose between getting armor and weapons from tokens. Every weapon and class item I get from token packages is quite literally just instantly dismantled into shards. I DON'T NEED MORE SHARDS. The ONE thing that has any lasting draw from IB is the potential to get high stat armor but it's such a stupidly low chance to actually get armor from a trade in let alone high stat armor LET ALONE a stat distribution you actually want. Like seriously this is the same weapons now for...19 months? There's like 2 weapons from the entire weapon pool that I actually care about and I already have rolls that I'm happy with at this point. More weapons have literally zero value. Armor has a TON of rng but there's only 4 worthwhile armor drops out of something like 20 or more total possible package rewards. Getting armor is a stupid hassle in itself but then having all the normal RNG on top just makes it so much worse. All this and this is suppose to be the one place for PvP players to have ANY real source of high stat armor. The only real value from IB is if you care about the pinnacle drops, if you're a new player that might care about the guns or if you haven't yet unlocked all of the enhanced mods that drop fairly regularly on token turn ins.
Interesting. I understand why you're using Time's Pulse but I can't help but feel like it's a waste when it will never do anything after the first turn of the map.
Ugh, tempting me to roll even though I need to save what few tokens I still have for Groza's set. Does anyone know if there's a resource that shows the cafe bonus set items? I'm wondering if there's yet another base background with that one now...
Possibility of no Faye banner for the foreseeable future puts Firesweep bow in an even more awkward position for most people, wonder if we'll finally see another new hero with it (not a better prf version) Also wow yet another 4* Brave Ike banner, going to be running into even more +10 copies of him in AR I guess.
I'm sure they also know how unfun it is to play against bullshit OP armors with bold fighter and such...but that just means they push out more broken armors to bait whales. I don't think IS gives a shit about what is or isn't unfun / toxic to play against. I mean we do literally just now have a brand new hero with a PRF bow that's just a better firesweep bow basically. I've also seen a lot of people mention that it seems incredibly likely we'll see a new firesweep archer "eventually" from a three houses character. That said with how long it took to get firesweep axe in the game at all who knows wtf IS is thinking.
Yeah I know about the skin compilation but it doesn't list cafe set bonuses. The back to back CNY releases really surprised me...right after I spent 1k+ tokens between the current one and the rerun in the radiant collection. Currently I'm at 5 black cards and I don't really have any interest in the other skins alongside Groza (aside IWS who should be a bundle, but I also have her Halloween skin so it's not even a priority really) so I'm tempted to just wait until she shows up in the Black Card shop as that lets me spend my tokens on other resupplies I'm also interested in more costumes...like the upcoming wedding set and anniversary set. BUT if I found out that there's another amazing base background alongside Groza or some epic Groza ID card set bonus that might change things...would be a shame to know these things right when the sets release at least rather than part way through their run at best. I'm also curious about this set bonus particularly if the base background is 5 or 6 costumes since I already have 1 and then also have 55 exchange tickets and I plan to eventually buy at least the SAT and MK23 costume bundles. If it's only 5 that means that if I roll at least 400 more tokens I can buy the LMG costume with exchange tickets and could get the base background if I eventually end up getting all 3 bundles (or get another new costume in that 400 tokens then I'd only need to get SAT and MK23's bundles, sorry ART) The Groza CNY set also "only" has 6 costumes with IWS being a bundle which means if there's 3 cafe set bonuses one of them has to be...3 or 4 costumes required I believe for the second bonus. If that bonus looks as good as this one (or better) it might be considerably easier to get.
Sure but making a new archer with firesweep bow available isn't exactly powercreep...it's just allowing more people access to a weapon that's been available for what 2+ years now? If anything it's making things MORE balanced for players as currently the limited availability just favors whales and such. The fact that Firesweep sword and Firesweep lance are available below 5 star exclusive is also a factor, it's not like the ability as a whole is super rare, it's just uniquely rare for specific weapon types. Hell there's an argument for the melee options being as broken if not more broken than the bow on the right heroes with cavalries ability to run things like drag back and lunge which can be a massive pain to deal with on a firesweep user from the defensive standpoint, especially when many firesweep cavalry are set up to enable galeforce shenanigans.
How did you change your sheets? Do you just move all of the furniture in your room every time? That seems like a massive inconvenience on top of being a pain to get in/out of the bed. Wake up in the middle of the night to pee? Gotta climb out from under the covers and then climb down off the foot of the bed only to jump back when you need to get back in. That dog isn't happily sitting on the bed, it's trapped and doesn't know how to escape.
We heard your feedback and removed Survival from crucible for the season. Here are the maps we took away last season, we moved 2 of the spawn points a couple inches to the side of where they were previously and put in invisible walls preventing you from flying away to your home planet in case you find the way you can break this seasons new exotic emote with Telesto and gain infinite jumps. We're now going to remove these other 4 maps this season to pretend like we actually give a fuck. No, there's nothing in Survival's place. People seemed to hate comp so we'll see how they like a season without it. In it's place we have added breakthrough as a permanent game mode that rewards zero valor and has no post-match item drops.
I remember when I was excited about the chance to get a "god roll" swarm of the raven because of how good spike grenade launchers were alongside it being void for tractor cannon. I got a spike grenade launcher in the very first IB that I bothered trying to look for it, with field prep. Would auto-loading holster technically be better now? Sure but my god I might get like 5 of them in 2000 tokens and the chances of getting a perfect roll are so insanely low...plus I already have other auto-loading spike grenade options now that being void for tractor cannon is meaningless. There's TWO rocket launchers in the IB loot pool on top of being able to get the season pass rocket launcher as a post-match reward. I can't even tell you the last time I equipped a legendary rocket launcher. If I have done so in the last two seasons it was likely just to do a rocket launcher calibration bounty for Banshee after which point I immediately took it off. They feel so insanely useless it's not even funny.
I'm not quite sure he can grasp the concept of people digging tunnels. That or he thinks "tunnels" underneath are just like a dog digging a tiny bit of dirt to get under the fence and putting a ton of guards on/at this wall will be able to catch that sort of stuff.
While special spiral is definitely one option I think I'd rather choose lull spd/def if given the option. Effectively gives her a bonus 3 spd and attack while also negating possible enemy buffs to those stats. Speed helps ensure her bow effect works even more of the time and the -3 def lets her hit ever so slightly harder while negating stupid visible defense stacking strategies
I've personally always been in favor of each player having a fixed number of respawns in Survival rather than a shared live pool. That said with the current way survival works it shouldn't just go to whoever has the least deaths. You could have someone afk in spawn that ends up having only 1 death in a round vs 2 players that were actually playing and thus dying over them. You could have someone trying to snipe or such from range who never actually gets into the fight but stays alive with zero kills the entire match. You could have someone who dies twice but is also the only player on the entire team with kills. The player with the least deaths is definitely not statistically more likely to clutch the game, there's way too many factors involved with deaths and staying alive. You could probably stay alive just running away from the enemy for the entire round in many cases but always lose due to being down even a single life at any point in the round. Sitting back and playing safe isn't always a viable option in comp, especially not if the enemy team has a life advantage or is simply at or closer to the capture point.
I mean at least Larcei has insane skill fodder at worst with 3 premium skills. Sadly you can't in any way inherit more than 1 at once despite being able to inherit 3 skills at once. I guess you could...get Astra as well if you really wanted to and used someone else for night sky. Also even at -spd she manages to have 37 speed which is kind of absurd. I remember getting a -spd Lyn at launch with 34 speed as she only has 37 speed at neutral. That said I totally understand what a bummer it is to get a -spd on Larcei with her PRF and all, After getting Eldigan'd during Ayra's debut banner I finally got her after way too many orbs and she was -spd too. I'm pretty much just convinced that summoning for red heroes is just a massive trap anymore and I try to avoid doing so whenever possible except MAYBE on legendary banners as at least there aren't pity breakers, assuming I'm fine with any of the possible 5 star reds.
Hey...I didn't think my mom knew how to use Reddit, what are you doing here??? Yes it'd be so horrible to not pay $400+ a month premium for health insurance where I then ALSO have to pay a $50 co-pay for even the most basic doctors appointment. Shit I don't even remember what the stupid cost is on getting even the most basic bloodwork done. Worth noting that with all the talk about even the idea of a potential Democrat president wanting to implement universal healthcare in the country it seems the insurance companies all went into panic mode or some shit and mine increased costs like 20% this year. They know they're a giant fucking scam and the idea they might be out of a job is just leading them to maximize profits now while they can. I really don't understand people. Hell my father is against the idea too. He's co-owner of a relatively small company but even with just a couple dozen employees a month his company would likely gain $2-300 thousand dollars a year not paying for their health insurance according to him. Somehow that'd be a bad thing because the government would have to make up that money with some other kind of tax on him AND he'd be expected to increase employee wages some as well. Trying to explain that the actual costs of medical treatments and shit is at all inflated with the current system is just impossible. There's also the idea that companies literally sell the same drugs to Americans for absurdly high prices while selling them for tiny fractions of the same prices outside the US. Apparently that's meaningless though and if the cost to sell to Americans wasn't as high companies would just flat out stop making drugs or doing any sort of research on new medications.
You mean they mention it as a bug and that they're fixing it in the next update which won't be for at least 2 weeks. They can't fix it that quick though so instead they're lowering it's reserves by 1 and nerfing it's damage 10% as a compromise until the scavenger issue is fixed. 2 months later when the scavenger issue is fixed they don't revert the reserves or damage nerf though.
Honestly a big part of it for those gloves specifically is that the OG D2 stats are WAAAY more important than the D1 stats for a lot of content, especially pvp. And when I say the "OG" stats it's actually almost entirely recovery and mobility with mobility only being as important as it is for hunters more than any other class. Recovery is so stupidly powerful compared to other stats currently AND it scales up the higher you go rather than providing diminishing returns like EVERY OTHER STAT IN THE GAME. Then on top of that Bungie now "fixed" resilience to be even more worthless each tier such that you now need 6 resilience instead of 5 to survive 2 headshots and 1 body shot with Thorn in pvp. This means that for an "ideal" pvp setup for Hunter you need 100/60/100 for your top three stats. Mobility you can cheat on somewhat in a number of ways but you can't do the same for resilience or recovery. The fact that the gloves are also...gloves helps as well since gloves honestly have the least relevant mods aside chest possibly so having only a single non-stat mod slot on your gloves does almost nothing, especially in PvP AND even more so on hunters where you can have a reload on your dodge. If armor just had a stat total and you had freedom (or at least more than the zero freedom we have now) to allocate those stats however you want we'd have a VERY different situation on our hands...but then we'd also have way less stupidly crazy RNG involved and Bungie can't have that because then we don't need to grind non-stop for a 0.01% chance to actually get a good item.
Not only that....now you need 6 resilience for the meta because of Bungie's "fix" to the stat which actually nerfed it. 6 in this case being required to survive 2 crits 1 body shot with Thorn or 2 crits with the devourer perk active. Bungie "fixed" the stat with the change to making class abilities based on the top set of stats so that tiers 4-10 of resilience are now different by 0.5% I believe they said?
The rng involved with the high stat drops are definitely the biggest problem imo. I'd be FINE with high stat armor only being from IB/Raids/Pinnacle activities if they were at least consistently high stat drops. If I do Garden of Salvation with the challenge on all three of my characters in a week I'll maybe get 1-2 armor pieces with 60+ stats...if I even get ANY armor at all. Not to mention class items don't even fucking have stats so getting a class item from a "high stat" source is entirely worthless at end game. Most of the time I just end up dismantling most all of the trash guns I get and that's it, maybe I use them for infusion fodder if I need it. Another compromise imo would be to give us some freedom with the actual distribution of stat points in any given roll. Say 50 stat points are locked and RNG but then my 62 stat armor drop I can allocate 12 of those points however I want between stats. I'd also say this should apply to the 12 stats you get from MWing armor but that might be too good at that point even. We also REALLY need to be able to reroll elements, change elements or just get rid of them altogether. It's really shitty getting a high stat armor piece let alone one that ALSO has good stat distribution only to then have it be the wrong element. Oh here's a great pair of boots that I could use for PvP but it's solar so I can't run sniper or shotgun scavenger in it and if I run double special scavenger I now can't run ANY stat mod in it. This season's armor it's even worse with the powerful friends mod being arc only and being a HUGE buff to any build that wants to run high mobility. Raids being the biggest source of high stat armor is also INSANELY bullshit with the new seasonal armor model. If you want a high stat roll season of dawn armor piece just go run the season of dawn raid. Oh wait, there isn't one. Your only option is IB which happens for one week 3 times a season and most drops aren't even high stat to begin with even if you get armor drops at all. There are 13 items in the IB loot pool for what you can get from turning in engrams (and bounties after you finish the quest). 8 of them are weapons, the same weapons we've had for 19 months now which are (at least in my case) almost always entirely worthless. Then you have 5 armor pieces BUT one of those is a class item that doesn't actually have stat points at all. That means you have 4 out of 13 drops that are potentially relevant to you if you're looking for high stat roll armor. That's a 30.8% chance to get an armor piece at all from each token turn in, assuming drops are distributed evenly. Then you have to get 60+ stat points, let alone 65+ which I have NEVER seen on a piece of IB armor as far as I remember. THEN you have to hope it's a half decent stat distribution AND the right element you actually need/want. Armor 2.0 is bullshit and Bungie's current implementation of the RNG involved just to get it makes it even more bullshit.
Honestly the problem isn't even that some of the stats are just junk but that so many stats are borderline worthless in one build or another even on the same class. Then on top of that the stats DEFINITELY are not equal in value per tier. Intellect above 40-50 drops off in value HARD for example. Recovery tier 9&gt;10 is worth a ton in pvp but not necessarily much in PvE, meanwhile tier 6 resilience is valuable for PvP and tier ANYTHING resilience is borderline worthless in PvE unless you're a titan where you get fucked with your barricade cooldown but honestly who cares. Mobility is somewhat worthwhile to some people in PvP and outside of playing parkour simulator pretty trash in PvE except hunters need it for their dodge CD anyway AND warlocks (and Titans to a degree) actually want as little mobility as possible for better skating potential. Most all of the time my grenade and strength stats are borderline meaningless to me in PvE outside of very specific builds. Then if I'm running controverse hold with handheld supernova in PvP on warlock I suddenly want as high of discipline as possible. Likewise if I'm running middle tree nightstalker in PvE and using the stagger unstoppable + weaken smoke bomb setup I suddenly care about strength for once. If I'm running liar's handshake and 1-2 punch on top tree arcstrider however I don't actually care about my strength stat since my dodge resets my melee anyway and I'm using that for combination blow to begin with. The entire thing is a clusterfuck but with their track record I have zero faith in Bungie to improve things. It's honestly amazing how much of a mess Bungie can make with this kind of shit. They just took the 3 stats from D1 and slapped them into D2 on top of the D2 stats and then tied them to class abilities and changed from a 5-tier system to a 10-tier system and basically just smashed it all together and said "eh good enough" Not to mention the fucking mess that is armor 1.0 mixed with armor 2.0 and different mods and stats on other armor pieces and how they interact with each other. Paragon mods are no longer a thing!!! But wait they actually are with armor 1.0 AND it stacks beyond the max of 100 in any specific stat point for that class ability in armor 2.0. Let's not forget about Traction giving 5 visible mobility points and 10 invisible for whatever reason and then lightweight weapons also giving 20 invisible mobility because why the fuck not. I seriously don't think Bungie knows how half of this shit works.
It's not worth it. Seriously all the freaking garbage healers that you get sooooo many of. Then the 95% garbage daggers that you also get so many of. The one time you get a summon session where you get 3+ Wrys and just want to die
Yikes. I'd happily give you my...10 3* manuals I will never use if I could. I'd still have 10 4* manuals if I ever want to +10 my 5* copy too. And sadly Kagero is easily one of the top 10 if not higher heroes you can get in the colorless 3-4 star pool...so many horrible healers and daggers that almost nobody ever bothers using.
Which is more useful for you currently? Sheba imo would be higher here if they're both equally useful to you because of being story locked BUT that certainly doesn't mean you WILL eventually get spooked by Pent. I've somehow managed to NP5 Emiya, NP6 Beowolf, NP5 at least another 4 star and NP2-3 plenty more and I have NEVER summoned a single Hercules. The only one I have is the one I picked from when we got a bonus starting 4 star pick last year. The one thing to remember is that unless you know there's a different 4 star you will want to pick with the next 4 star ticket you'll still be able to pick up Pent (or Sheba) with that one when it comes around if you haven't had her spook you. That's why I'd say to pick whichever is more useful to you currently since you can always get the other later this year with that ticket. Of course this is also assuming you'll use either, if it's just to have them you'll have to pick favorites...or flip a coin or whatever. For the record my pick was between these two and Circe and I went with Sheba as she's story locked and pretty unique as an arts ST caster even though I already have servants that can fill all of their roles. Hopefully Circe will forgive me... Also fluffy waifu, what's the choice really? Real props on the art though, I love the Sheba especially, she looks so good. Maybe it's just because above how bad I am to begin with I can't draw faces at all but these faces in particular are amazing.
I'm sitting on 640k feathers and well over a million more if I wasn't too lazy to farm HM in Rival Domains. I really should use them more. It's small but my god I hate the 2k feathers to promote from 3 to 4 stars... I go after a lot of colorless heroes though it seems...so I've piled up a lot of the heroes in that pool. It certainly does feel like any time there's a 3 and/or 4 star hero you actually want though that you NEVER get them...the game just knows.
I don't really remember this, I wonder if I skipped it. I really kind of wish Bungie would try IB rumble...or at least offer it as an option in addition to normal IB at the same time. The option for a lower player count lobby and guaranteed solo-only matches just seems so appealing to me after tons of horrible lag in IB and facing 6 stacks for hours on end as a solo player.
I figured you probably knew but I'm always surprised every now and then by people that aren't aware of things like that. Personally I rarely ever do it short of adding maybe 1-2 cards rather than taking anything out in sideboarding...I just never know what exactly to add and how much along with how many lands etc so I'm afraid I'd just end up with an even worse deck. I don't THINK there's any strategy in this format that really encourages you to try to mill your opponent out though so at least there's not the concern of running into that while you're playing an escape deck of your own. Escape definitely seems like the most fair/balanced graveyard mechanics Wizards has come up with so far I think.
I'm not sure if the nightfall specifically has some additional issue but it's worth mentioning that the quest progression for the catalyst is VERY slow. Originally it requires 400 activities between strikes/crucible/gambit/sundial and for whatever reason gambit prime counts for double. Then at lvl13 and 22 of the season pass (I believe those are the levels, might be slightly off) you get a seasonal catalyst boost perk which doubles and then quadruples your progress from those activities. After the second boost you still need to do 100 activities to complete the quest so you'll at best only see 1% progress per activity (or 2% from Gambit Prime). Good news is that you get the progress no matter what from activities and you don't need to have Symmetry equipped or even in your inventory so you'll get it eventually no matter what. I'll also mention that the symmetry catalyst kind of sucks. All it does is let you get to 20 stacks of dynamic charge max instead of 15 but the damage boost at 20 stacks isn't horribly impressive compared to 15 and you don't even get a longer duration. It also makes absolutely zero difference in PvP as you reach the point of 2-shotting enemies with Revolution mode at 7 (or 8 possibly at max resilience) stacks and even at 20 stacks you never reach the point of 1-shotting opponents.
In PvE or PvP? Because I REALLY doubt that. You probably think it's obvious and you notice it but it's really not. From tier 0 to tier 10 resilience you're gaining less than 20 hp total such that at tier 10 you'll have 200 hp total. In PvE there are VERY few situations this will ever matter, you'll see a better improvement from running a single boss/minor/major/element resist mod let alone stacking different resist mods. Your actual light level compared to the enemies will matter MUCH more than your resilience will in almost every situation short of day 1 of a raid with the locked light level modifier Bungie puts on for the first 24 hours. That's also assuming you're actually at that maximum light already to begin with. In PvP it CAN matter but really only up to 60 resilience after which there are almost zero situations where you get ANY benefit. Even at 60 the situations are quite niche outside of specifically fighting against Thorn, it basically comes down to the ability to tank a max impact sniper buffed by the likes of an empowering rift and survive with single digit hp.
Imagine if ranking high in AR tiers wasn't directly tied to how bullshit your defense is and complete fucking randomness with how many people attack you and what time they attack you. Oh you had 2 people attack you all week and they both attacked you day 1 and the first person lost? CONGRATULATIONS!!! Oh you had 10 people attack you every day? You won 9/10 matches but still ended up losing the first match every day somehow? Get fucked.
Running around at 993/994. Oh look I just melted instantly to some guy at 930. Good thing I'm getting less progress on my bounties for being higher light than my opponents... Yes every once in a while I'll survive 2 punches from someone or I'll be sitting at 1hp after I get shoulder charged. Wow amazing. Half of those situations I still die regardless because living with 1 hp even if I kill that player I'm now a free kill for the other 5 enemies on the enemy team. People 1-2 light below me? Wow it's just like normal crucible except again now I'm getting less progress on my bounties and being punished for being higher light. Just disable the light level advantage for all I care, it feels utterly pointless. On top of that ALLEGEDLY according to Bungie the reason the matches all seem like shit with hit detection and lag is due to the increased strain of processing the light level advantage damage calculations. I'D CERTAINLY favor disabling it if that means matches feel less like ass than they do currently. I play a good deal of PvP and IB is ALWAYS the worst in terms of performance with lag, in game hit detection and such, short of someone literally lag switching or DDoSing in competitive. The positive benefits of being higher light as an attacker are also stupidly small. In most cases all it means is you might kill someone with 1 less crit but the same number of bullets with something like an AR or pulse rifle. You might suddenly kill a 6 resilience player with 2 crits 1 body shot using Thorn when you wouldn't normally. You MIGHT get an extra couple feet of effective range out of a couple primary weapons. Too bad the entire meta of PVP is all one-shot kill weapons where none of this makes ANY difference and short of people playing IB at sub 800 light and getting matched against you it's never going to actually matter. The system feels bad for lower light players and doesn't even feel good (imo anyway) to high light players AND it seemingly makes the game perform worse. WTF IS THE POINT BUNGIE?
Good thing we can hold him accountable for these things...oh wait no we can't. This is literally a case where he can do all of this shit AND get away with it because it's at the highest level where there's no actual higher entity to hold any of these people accountable. Hell even if there was the most they'd get is a slap on the wrist and leave office for some cushy corporate job making a fortune off of laws that they passed.
Depending on if we get 2 available for this month for the last couple days of the month or not until next month...either way it should be possible to Mod2 NTW by the end of CT at least assuming we get ONE extra fire control component from something during the next 2 months. It only requires 5 to reach Mod II so with 2 available each month that'd cover 4 between February and March with CT happening between the two months as it starts later in February. IF we also get to buy 2 before February starts in the last couple days of the January black market exchange we'd be able to get 6 total just from the black market exchange by March 1st. So we should likely be able to get her to Mod 2 by the end of CT though Mod 3 might not be possible. Honestly not that big of a deal as Mod 2 is by far the most important upgrade providing the second skill.
Honestly I get enough just running random depending on what bonus pets I have. It also seems effective enough to just run the specific location rate up expedition consumable item if you're out of other expedition consumables. I really don't understand people's issue...and this is with expeditions already being just a free source of items to begin with. Do people forget playing the game for all the time before it released where you DIDN'T just get a massive pile of free stuff for doing nothing?
&gt;ones that’ll step on you like AK-15 Well shit, now I want her to release on EN even more
I mean...cat's are both lactose intolerant and carnivores for the most part. I'd almost be surprised if a cat recognized cheese as food at all. They also don't really have a sense of taste the same way people do, they basically just know if something is meat and has protein/fat in it. That said yes cats can be REALLY dumb with stuff flying at their face. I could also make a video of my dog looking like an absolute idiot getting smacked in the face with basically any food imaginable if you threw it at him like this. That may or may not be because he's mostly blind at this point however, though he is and always has been an absolute idiot as well.
We have to go deeper. Get a friend to put up a lvl1 Fae on their defense team in AR so you can match against them. If you do it yourself with a second account you can even do it in Tier 1 with a lvl1 defense fortress. This means you can have 4 heroes providing buffs to the one attacker AND have all of those fortress stats AND you can gain even more stats if your attacker is a bonus hero at the time. Then you could also go yet another step further by having all 4 of those buffers also be Altina during astra season with the attacker having an astra blessing for another +12 attack, this really doesn't help though as at least one needs to be Naga so I guess you're limited to +9 attack unless you're using someone with dragon effectiveness to begin with. That's all I can think of off the top of my head currently short of somehow getting the enemy team to debuff your attacker as well and then using harsh command for reversed debuffs but I'm not sure if that actually provides a better boost now that it's possible to get +6 or even +7 buffs easier. Technically I suppose it's possible to also have this rigged AR defense also have a leveled up lightning trap that you can use to turn on brazen buffs even easier. I do somewhat wonder if there's any point at which buffed stats would cause another special aside Astra to deal more damage. Note that this is all just now off the top of my head so I'm probably missing something else...and I'm also kind of tempted to try this myself and see how high I could get.
Clearly with the maine coon it took a few minutes before the water actually got through the fur to the skin and it realized it was wet. I have a cat that once didn't realize wtf the stream of water coming out of the sink faucet was until it stuck it's head directly in the stream. At that point he then sat there drinking the water...after it hit his head and flowed in front of his face. At no point did he think to actually take his head out from directly under the faucet getting him wet. He also "understands" how doors work so much as he can push them open...but then he also pushes them closed and gets himself stuck in whatever room he does this in, usually the bathroom or a closet.
*cries in original easter seasonal weapons* They got a refine option and they're still absolutely awful by comparison. BEST case scenario they heal you 4 hp after each combat compared to here where you can get up to 10 in combat. The only possible upside is they can somewhat negate post combat damage but even that is basically worthless.
Just think of all the jobs he's creating!!!
Hell if I know, ask them. You'll have to direct all questions to their lawyers though.
There's a difference between representing someone because you believe in the legal system and representing someone because you know they're doing dirty shit and you want in on it along with helping them. Michael Cohen isn't in jail now because he got punished for believing in upholding the law and believing that everyone deserves the right to an attorney and is innocent until proven guilty. There's a reason Trump has gone through so many lawyers and lawyers have literally stated they will not speak with him without another lawyer present because he's such a massive compulsive liar that he will fight over statements he made to his own lawyers. He literally argues over statements he's made when there is a clear record or even video of him saying the statement. Seemingly every lawyer with actual integrity that has tried to work for the man has quit because of how uncooperative and impossible to deal with he is.
I quite literally cannot force myself to read it. It's physically painful trying to read the text on the background. That might just be me though.
I mean his personal attorney is already in Jail and he's had a LOT of attorneys quit before now. You do the math.
Honestly for having to transport that much weight out of the place, the time it would take to cut this up to begin with and the fuel needed to actually run anything strong enough to cut this up I could absolutely believe it wouldn't be profitable, especially with how little actual metal you'd get out of it for all of that work. You also have to keep in mind that not all metals are equally valuable. Apparently most bank vaults are made out of steel reinforced concrete walls. The concrete isn't going to be worth anything to a scrapper separating the steel from the concrete AND cutting it up into manageable pieces is not going to be an easy task. Then you take into account that stainless steel is only worth $0.23 per pound with shreddable steel (which this would probably be more likely to be by the time it's all pulled out of there) is only worth $119 per ton. If this is more of an alloy than pure steel it's probably even more of a hassle to get broken down to a point where you'd be able to sell it as well. You see drug addicts stealing copper wire because it's basically everywhere, it's easy to strip the coating off of the wire AND copper is basically the most valuable metal you can sell, certainly the most easily available one. A pound of copper wire is worth ~$2, over eight times the value of a pound of stainless steel. You also don't have to have any sort of crazy tools to salvage copper since it's a much softer metal. Again though a big point here is that the entire vault isn't just one giant massive cube of metal, it's a big chunk of concrete that has a thick metal plating on top of it. You have to put in a lot of extra work to get just the metal out and in many cases the vault itself could be structural to the building meaning you'd have to demolish the entire building if you're trying to salvage the metal from the vault. There's just so many other things you could scavenge or salvage that would be both easier to do and more profitable. We have TONS of cars lying around in junk yards that would likely be far more profitable to salvage for the time required for something like this.
Oh I'm sure it is, or at least is suppose to be. That said I'm also sure that if it's remotely possible he'll still find a way to screw the lawyers over. Also to be fair is ANY amount of money enough to be worth working for him?
Spare parts cost acorns...
If Fae is already lvl1 can you even reach negative stats? You're starting at 6 neutral or 5 with a -def bane. Of course that would also mean you can't really use anyone to weaken Fae to begin with either.
Yeah...except nothing remotely close to this would ever happen because of how many hoops it'd have to go through to get passed. Even then the trips themselves aren't normally an issue in most cases. Normally a vacation would be to Camp David or such where there's established security systems in place specifically meant for the president taking a vacation there. The problem is Trump has been flat out ignoring the emoluments among other standard laws or at the very least expectations of the president. He takes vacations to his own resort directly funneling taxpayer dollars into his own pocket while ALSO then requiring massive security costs for the secret service to also stay at the resort and protect him which ALSO goes directly into his businesses. We have systems that allow the president to take breaks and such but Trump is not only not using them or following precedent and tradition but also taking these trips ALL the time costing a fortune. A lot of things with our government and presidency rely on good faith in general. The idea that the president would only be elected if the people support them and thus they'd be a good leader and then the idea that they'd actually care about dutifully carrying out that role rather than literally doing everything in their power essentially exclusively to benefit themselves. Then the system of checks and balances also assumes that if the president is NOT carrying out his position in this manner the other branches of the government would take it upon themselves to remove him as they're capable to do. This is where we hit the absolute bullshit that is the republican majority senate where they just line up to accept whatever bullshit Trump does and never hold him accountable for any of it because they're also largely in it for their own self interest and supporting their party over any sense of justice. Hell even the military pledges an oath to uphold the constitution and NOT just follow the directions of the president above all else in situations where he blatantly refuses to follow the constitution. In reality that doesn't seem to mean anything however either because nobody is about to actually do anything about it. Meanwhile republicans are stacking courts while stonewalling any attempts at stopping this corruption. This way even if they DO get called out and caught for their BS they can't be held responsible and get off on it anyway since they're rigging the system that is suppose to hold them accountable. Basically a LOT of our constitution and government is built on the idea that those running the country would have the best interest of the people in mind with carrying out their positions and there's effectively NOTHING protecting the government in situations like this where a party gains enough control to just outright ignore the established checks and balances when nobody else exists to hold them responsible. And before people try saying this is what the 2nd amendment is for, there's no way that would ever accomplish anything and citizens fighting the military at the direction of the President would be an insanely massive disaster if it ever actually came to that. One thing this country is good at is dumping an absolute absurd ton of money into the military, a random group of upset civilians wouldn't stand a chance against even a fraction of the military force the government controls. The best case scenario would be some massive percent of the military refusing to fight against American civilians and even then it would still be a mess. Then on top of that there is the massive number of countries that would jump at a chance to take advantage of any semblance of a civil war within the US to completely destroy the country in basically every way possible. We've seen how bad things can get in the middle east and elsewhere with foreign countries getting involved with civil wars, I do NOT want to be any part of that happening in the US.
I ran all of the CoT lore pages as well. Personally I didn't find it too bad but I did it with a friend so we were talking and shit the whole time as well. The only real reason I care is because I like getting a higher triumph score even though I'm nowhere near the cap. I'm also closing in on 100k which is kind of a nice personal goal for me at the moment and the CoT lore was basically an extremely easy to do 1050 triumph score. Honestly my only fear is that Bungie is going to remove the CoT and just make the lore randomly unlock from some other trivial activity you do anyway like adding it to sundial runs. In that case taking the time to actually do the CoT combinations would have been utterly and completely pointless...so I totally expect Bungie to do that.
Huh, weird. I wouldn't think it would count debuff values beyond the visible debuff effect.
Sadly I don't, it was a long time ago. I believe it was in legacy or vintage cube on MTGO and the opponent was playing storm with [[Brain Freeze]] as their only win condition. It was impossible for them to go infinite with storm count so making his deck larger was just a guaranteed win for Kenji. Notably it also made MTGO absolutely lag to all hell.
The comment I was responding to was talking about "keeping those goofy ass blues with the broken rolls" which is talking about the blue War Mantis gloves for Hunter. These gloves for whatever reason are bugged and only ever have stats in mobility/resilience/recovery and zero stat points in the bottom 3 points. This means that even though they roll with ~48-52 or so stat points ALL of those points are distributed in these top stats and can result in some absurd rolls. I've seen pictures of people with a pair having 40 recovery for example. Blue items notably only have 2 mod slots however, the first slot with the generic stat mods and such and one normal mod slot that can take reloader perks and such.
This is where I'd make sure I'm sitting as close to the professor as possible and coughing and such in his direction without even attempting to cover my mouth. If he wants to make me come to class while I'm sick he's welcome to get sick too.
It's always possible we DO get trials back in "Season of the Worthy" but that might not be next season. We could basically set up all this shit at the end of this season for next season to be a 3 month long bullshit grind of nothing to finally get Trials back the following season or even later. The biggest mistake people have made with datamined information has been assuming what is found is coming out immediately and not "eventually" instead.
Tough question assuming you can't give it to a legendary or mythic hero. I feel like B!Lucian and B!Ike are strong contenders based on how strong they are in their given roles basically everywhere. However there's also the factor that in a lot of cases the benefit of having the correct blessing is bonus points for arena modes and such, in which case it wouldn't be great for me to go with B!Lucina or B!Ike as I don't have them at high merges at all. I might have to go for a +10 hero or a merge project at that point idk Worth noting this would also mean said hero is always viable on both seasons defense teams in AR with any defense mythics. In this case I'd say that B!Ike would probably slightly edge out B!Lucina if you value that potential.
I mean I understand the design. It's suppose to look like Riven's head...but also be a helmet. It makes sense since Riven was the last Ahamkara. It just doesn't look good though. It's also for an almost worthless exotic now after it got nerfed.
As someone who wouldn't mind getting a merge or two for Hilda or some DC fodder Yune is kind of a stinker in the green pool. She's not worthless but she's certainly not exciting. Guess I'll try to just go for the free summon and then peace out. Just gotta not think about F!Byleth...remember that she has surprisingly mediocre skills on her base kit compared to M!Byleth coming with DC.
I mean to be fair with shadowkeep they're actually useful. At least until you get the 2-3 guns that are actually worth getting good rolls for from the lecturn, unless you actually want the 110 HC or such. Would be a shame if we finally got the essence to farm the pulse rifle from the lecturn but it seems like Bungie has no intention of ever doing that. Also kind of sucks that one of the few good weapons from the lecturn is currently kind of overshadowed by perfect paradox being available currently to fill the same role as a kinetic 1-2 punch shotgun AND it's far easier to farm plus at season rank 92 you get two chances at the last perk.
I really don't see why they can't make it (and shards tbh) more consistently give back 40-50% super with a "perfect" max potential of returning 70%. The only real problem I see is with it potentially being too good in gambit at that point but we have shit like doom fangs on titans that can let you basically super for the entire add clear part of the game in the right circumstances. I'd like to say they should just make it so that chaining supers gives diminishing returns but I doubt they could actually implement that easily. Like first super you might get back 100% super energy for back to back nova bombs but the second maxes out at 50-70% so you can't immediately do 3 in a row ever. It's especially dumb when infinite well of radiance and infinite tether with pheonix protocol and orpheus rigs were also nerfed but FAR less impacted by the nerf and can still end up returning 100% super in ideal situations. Pheonix protocol especially feels barely changed by that specific nerf as the gain per kill was already so low that lowering it more did almost nothing. Then there's shards of galanor which seem to have been nerfed because of mayhem more than anything else PvE wise and they're still just as broken in mayhem but entirely worthless anywhere else except blind well. Also the ornament here wouldn't look so bad if not for the fact that you can clearly see the generic stupid looking "helmet" layer that the bones are attached to.
I wish half of the weapons or more weren't complete trash...that'd be nice. The fact that the lecturn system is left exactly as it was first implemented is also pretty bad when the new seasonal systems like the obelisks are soooo much better for actually farming weapons. Having to do activities on the moon in particular for so many of them is a huge pain when the new content isn't all on the moon and the dungeon is the only reason most people go to the moon anymore really. It'd also be a lot nicer if farming the armor was remotely worthwhile at all...like if it had even a low chance at being 60+ stat armor.
I forgot to mention I suppose that I already have 2 Yunes for defense in AR. I could get merges technically but the upgrade is so minor... Technically I probably should have some more dedicated debuff units where sabotage would be good but idk.
I'm going to assume the new cap is either 999 or 9999 so good luck with that lol
Unlikely considering it's not just the same bug still happening but a slight variation of the bug that shows numbers as if it WAS fixed AND on top of that you don't even loose the buff after a kill but instead maintain it basically forever (until death, glove swap again, loading zone). Really looks like they just tried to fix it and then when they tested it the numbers were correct and they somehow didn't notice that the actual damage dealt was wrong.
Interesting, that certainly makes the entire thing a lot more viable for farming imo
I don't know if I've ever seen any of the employees playing on a stream actually use ADS, it's like they play the entire game from hipfire and I just don't get it. Also I remember back in D1 I think where there was a stream that included showing some devs playing crucible and they were all so amazingly bad it was just unbelievable.
Bad news, they're already disabled.
Until we find out it's not really updating live based on player input and it's more like the vex portal where it just gets updated weekly or every X period of time or some crap.
Ha....I wish I only had 60 floors left. Try 130...
Ah, thought you were talking about the poster girl taunt CE being abused somehow and that really confused me.
For a normal person this would be true. To make things a bit more positive in terms of Zuck losing money however you have to keep in mind that he's super paranoid about his privacy. He buys properties surrounding him for his "privacy" and I believe I've even seen stories that he supposedly hires/pays people to live around him and just pretend to be normal neighbors. https://www.scmp.com/magazines/style/news-trends/article/3009010/why-mark-zuckerberg-buys-properties-surround-his-10 Of course the insanely rich asshole would be concerned about his privacy when he gained his fortune off of exploiting other people's personal information and not giving a shit about their privacy. Problem is that losing 4 billion dollars is essentially nothing to him as he's allegedly the 5th wealthiest person in the world with a net worth of ~70 billion. Well, was anyway. No idea if this changed his position or anything but he still has more than enough money to not worry about it. Now if Facebook actually ran into serious trouble with regulations or some shit or the website straight up died that might hit him hard financially...but he'd still have more money independent of Facebook stock that he'd never have to worry about it for the rest of his life. Might make it a bit harder to comfort his paranoia though.
Eh, looks like mostly prerendered scenes with limited branching combat options. Probably not too hard on your PC as long as you don't turn the textures up too high for your GPU.
I just don't understand how that's relevant with this post or with having to fish for card RNG.
Yes this video required many tries for RNG most likely. This video doesn't use poster girl. I thought you were talking about some sort of poster girl CE abuse to influence RNG in some way.
Sorry, when I said "live" I meant updating at any sort of more regular interval than daily/weekly reset. I'll be surprised if it even updates hourly.
I'm not the right person to ask, I'm not entirely sure. It might show up again on reruns of Okita possibly would be my best guess if it shows up again at all.
Not gonna lie, I didn't vote for him at all BUT I really have to feel bad for all of the Marth fans who have been voting for him for years and he just keeps coming up ever so slightly short.
What are you talking about. People have told me that OBVIOUSLY Bungie is planning a ton of huge revamps to PvP and completely changing the sandbox and balancing everything to fix all of the "cheese". And I had to mute my microphone so they couldn't tell how hard I was laughing in their face.
Oh. I didn't know it was considered much of a big deal to be included in the background of a stage or even as a spirit. That said Nintendo and IS certainly know by now how popular she is.
You get the wildcards back and due to duplicate protection this means you can't randomly get them as random rare rewards in the future as you'll instead get gems if you would have obtained them. They're also still playable in other formats that currently exist or may exist in the future where they aren't banned/suspended. Basically fills out your collection for a potential future upside with no downside as you get the wildcards refunded.
I see, didn't know they did that for banned cards. Still stands that you could get them from actual packs and that they're still playable in some other formats on Arena. If you ever obtained them from packs or needed them later you wouldn't get the "free" wildcards refunded as you will if you get them now. Considering there's no real downside to getting them now with wildcards and then getting the wildcards refunded Thursday I don't see why you wouldn't do it, short of if you don't have the wildcards or you need them for other cards in the meantime before Thursday.
To be fair I've played a fair share of matches with a deck that has a pretty decent gameplan against Agent decks and I'm still glad it's leaving. My issue with Agent was never really that it was too good and I blamed any losses on the card itself but more that it was just an incredibly unfun card to play against. The fact that it's such a powerful card that slots so well into control decks that can also easily abuse it just leads to very repetitive games that aren't at all fun to play. Having your stuff stolen is just generally a frustrating mechanic in magic and the fact that Agent steals things effectively permanently makes that even worse. I'll absolutely feel better losing to other win conditions than losing to all of my own creatures and/or lands being stolen over and over again.
Probably doesn't help that there are the 2 mana cycling dual lands and the 1 mana cycling lands both in Historic that actually work with Zenith Flare while Tectonic Reformation doesn't let normal lands work with Flare. It's also just likely paying 2 mana to do nothing immediately is just too big of a cost in Historic, particularly for a deck that wants to be cycling with basically all of it's mana every turn as is.
They might have just wanted to add it as a card to support the potential of a flashback focused deck either now or in the future. If it was an instant rather than a sorcery the card might actually be quite good too...
Ah yes but don't you see? They're from the last standard set where Wizards still cares about selling those packs. They'll consider banning them once the next big set hits and those new big creatures to cheat in force another ban. At that point they won't be selling packs as much anymore. Shame all of the stupid Theros cards that work so well with all of these cards are still going to be in standard with them after rotation... Lukka wouldn't be nearly as much of a problem if not for all of the easy token production that lets you guarantee what creature you poop out with him.
Commented in more detail above but I think there's 2 other options too. 1) LSV took Jon at his word based on their history together, didn't look into the specifics beforehand and that was a huge mistake. 2) CFB is in a REALLY bad spot financially due to the Pandemic and Jon and/or LSV have their own financial situation heavily dependent on CFB. Wouldn't be the first time people went all in on their own business and that suddenly became a big issue when a good market trend suddenly tanked. For what it's worth I'm not really trying to defend LSV (much less Jon) here, just throw out other possible explanations.
Do we even know the exact wording of the updated oracle text? I feel like it might almost be awkward to fit on the card compared to the current as printed text. My big question honestly is if they made this change knowing they have more companions in an upcoming set...like the core set or Zendikar in the fall. What if they already have the first print run of those done and they include companions with the old text? That would be quite a fun experience needing to explain the change in limited events and such constantly.
And that was fine because the power level of the sets was more reasonable and they didn't constantly print cards that break core principles of the game. It's not an issue that Wizards is just banning more cards now where they didn't previously, it's that Wizards isn't designing the cards and sets well such that they don't need to ban cards. Even in a time where Wizards printed Jace, the mind sculptor and eventually had to ban him they would have never printed Oko as he was printed in Eldraine. Wizards is intentionally creating overpowered and pushed cards to purposefully make them standard all-stars that actually see play rather than trying to create a balanced format that doesn't require bans. As u/GordionKnot responded above "I’m glad there were bans. I’m not glad that there needed to be bans." I'd much prefer Wizards actually design good sets that don't require bans but instead they seem to feel that designing a set like Eldraine with a bunch of extremely powerful and pushed cards like Oko will get them more sales and then they'll just ban the cards later if they're a problem. Hell the entire Companion mechanic should have been an obviously broken mechanic from the start as it was printed but that didn't stop them from going forward with printing it anyway.
My Gods...this comment is the first that I realized gingerbrute is type food and could interact with other cards that use food tokens. To be fair I never played during Eldraine and I've never played a deck that actually uses food for anything but still...
I guess it could depend on how crowded the board is but I generally just use the attack all command and then select the creatures I don't want to attack when I'm attacking with a whole bunch of tokens or such. Though to be fair I didn't know about clicking on the number. Currently one of my biggest design oversight issues or w/e you want to call it is just how impossibly complicated it is to view any remotely large stack of "anything". Opponent has a whole bunch of enchantments on a creature? You can try to hover over each tiny bit of frame sticking out but after it reaches ~4 that becomes incredibly hard, especially trying to figure out if there are multiple copies of one or more of them and which enchantment has multiple copies. Oh this enchantment removal is targeting gone of those enchantments? Let me just take 5 minutes trying to figure out which one it's targeting. Mutate is AWFUL with trying to scroll through the massive text box and see ALL of the abilities when you get a ton stacked up, I have no idea why there isn't an option to just zoom in or expand the text box or even just show the combined creatures. Even the stack suffers from the same issue. If a whole bunch of abilities end up piled on top of each other it seems like there's no way to actually view individual spells or effects underneath the top option, you can usually view the targeting if that's already done but not the actual spell or ability itself. As someone not familiar with all of the cards from the last few years this can be a massive pain when my opponent casts a spell but then triggers a bunch of abilities on top of it. If I want to respond before those abilities resolve sometimes I just have no idea what the original spell does.
I think Lurrus is still going to be quite common in the decks that currently actually want to cast him regularly but you might just see him maindeck rather than as a companion. Gotta say wow I didn't realize how much this change is going to absolutely murder Lutri being playable in limited. Being able to flash him in from the companion zone was kind of a huge part of how he works, having to pay 3 generic extra AND only being able to do that at sorcery speed is brutal by comparison.
Could it be that? Sure. Is it likely? Absolutely not. It's FAR more likely that Hasbro is unsatisfied with Magic's sales and is pushing them to sell more product. You don't push the boundaries to reinvigorate the game when that game has been surviving well on it's own for the past 25+ years based on an established design principle. Not to mention the game has been actively growing for quite a long time now, it hasn't been suddenly struggling and losing player numbers. You don't try to reinvent the wheel when it's working just fine as it is. So many of the obvious mistakes over the last couple of years have been just that: OBVIOUS mistakes that ANYONE who is a long time player could point out and say they were mistakes right from the start. There's plenty of times that Wizards has tried something new while still keeping things safe because they know to follow core design principles of Magic, mistakes over the last year or two have NOT been doing that. Oko wasn't broken because Wizards wanted to push the design space with a powerful 3 mana planeswalker. Hell they've made powerful 3 mana planeswalkers before, even ones that see standard play and NONE of them were as insanely broken as Oko. Liliana of the Veil was literally printed in a set with devotion where mono-black devotion became THE meta dominating deck and until Oko was printed LoTV was literally regarded as the likely the 2nd most powerful planeswalker of all time and even there it was NEVER at a point where she needed to be banned. Oko was absolutely a decision where Hasbro execs (or non-design execs at Wizards) wanted the new big character of the set with his face on all of the advertising to be a super powerful card and push pack sales.
Well to be fair if you ramp Nissa into Ugin you may end up killing Nissa if you have to -5 Ugin to boardwipe your opponent completely. Don't have that problem with WAR Ugin.
As someone who has played the enchantment deck a LOT over the past couple of weeks I feel the need to say that for what he enables Lurrus is MASSIVE for the deck. I could absolutely see playing him maindeck, though I'm not sure what I'd specifically cut. Lurrus gives the deck a much more resilient and grindy long game for times where you can't win as fast as possible through pure aggression. Lurrus enables you to loop either [[Alseid of Life's Bounty]] or [[Gingerbrute]] every turn for multiple different uses. Alseid can keep giving one of your creatures protection to keep pushing through damage or it's an incredible tool for stalling the board against any agressive deck that doesn't have trample. You get to block with Alseid + another creature and then sacrifice Alseid for protection to save the second creature while then being able to recast Alseid the following turn. Gingerbrute can similarly block repeatedly and you can even sacrifice him to keep gaining life turn by turn as well. Alseid plus Lurrus also lets you effectively move your enchantments if your opponent ends up having a way to block your stacked creature. Attacking with a Healer's Hawk that gets walled by your opponents flier deck pumping out 2/2 pegasus tokens that are mixed with other blue fliers so pro-white doesn't bypass them already? Well you can use Alseid to give your hawk pro-white and drop all the enchantments into the graveyard and put them on the gingerbrute you just drew instead. Lurrus is also great at just recovering your early threats after a boardwipe, particularly in the case of Gingerbrute that can often immediately get in for damage. Being able to pull a Gingerbrute out of the yard to instantly kill a Teferi that just bounced your non-haste creature is great, though Stonecoil Serpent already does a pretty amazing job shutting down Teferi as is. Honestly I was pretty surprised how grindy the deck can be myself. I expected it to play much more like a traditional bogle deck that really just has the single aggressive gameplan. Lurrus REALLY gives it a long game option however that lets you stall out and win games you'd otherwise never win. If I had any idea how to change the deck to fit Lurrus in the maindeck I'd honestly try running it that way currently. A lot of games end up coming down to if my opponent has a way to kill Lurrus or not and if I can protect him. That said I also think the rules change might not effect the deck that much. A lot of the time when you decide to cast Lurrus it's when you've stalled out and know the game is going to go long and in many of those cases it's because you ran out of cards or flooded on lands in which case spending 6 mana to get him out or 3 mana over two back to back turns isn't really that big of a deal. Also obligatory note that I think I've made a decent number of adventure players quite salty by sacrificing my own Alseid and/or Gingerbrute in response to their stomp or brazen borrower with them not realizing that this sends it straight to the graveyard and they don't get the creature in exile to cast later anymore. For whatever it's worth I also play the deck on arena and largely started with it due to not having the collection or wildcards for most other decks. I've now also built the cycling deck and I honestly feel like the enchantment deck is considerably better due to it's long game potential where the cycling deck often can't do the same. That said that might also be due to the fact that the enchantment deck is surprisingly quite good against the traditional Fires + Yorion deck as well as the Winona deck trying to abuse Agent of Treachery. With the recent bans it might not have that meta advantage anymore. It's also amazing how many people just flat out ignore or misunderstand Stonecoil Serpent both with it's reach and with it's protection from multicolor; So many Deafening Clarions cast for no effect and confused Teferi's bouncing an enchantment that just returns the next turn anyway. I'm actually worried that control decks might simply run Yorion maindeck in a 60 card deck and not as their companion because mulling for Stonecoil Serpent when I see Yorion on the other side is surprisingly effective.
True, that's actually surprisingly relevant that they survive his board wipes...especially since I assume most times you're going to end up seeing Ugin -3 or -4 instead of -5 and that leaves you with Nissa still too AND you can animate and untap another land immediately to attack.
Damn, got me there. I wasn't too serious for whatever it's worth in case you were worried or thought I was actually outraged. I considered the /s but figured the fact that I demanded a "refund" on a video/statement hopefully enough. These sort of unique misprints are always amazing to see. As someone who stopped playing (more just occasionally buying the cards) ages ago before they stopped being produced by WotC it's especially cool to see this as a clear reminder of that era as well.
Holy crap this feels like an awkward and underwhelming banner. Random Anna alt out of nowhere...and she's going to be in the permanent pool too which is just all sorts of weird. Could IS try a little harder to make the demote units suck more? Mustafa just kind of feels a bit too good. Actually though I'm slightly interested in his axe considering it would let you make some really crazy high res defensive axe units...but then you're missing out on a number of other more useful axes.. but like +10 res! I really don't know how I feel about a defensive mythic dancer...not to mention she's a sword unit which means she'll be somewhat awkward to use on defense due to AI attack order. Hilariously she'd also be AMAZING as an offensive mythic combined with broadleaf fan or dominance buuuuuut you can't really do that. It's great for people that don't have an Anima mythic (or a second) and are looking one that they can use the guaranteed summon for one but at the same time ffffffffffff I don't want EVERYONE to have now suddenly have this one dancer on their defense team...I didn't mind everyone with Peony since she was offense but idk this could be a pain. Say'ri is yet another likely power creep sword infantry which is zzzzzz but at the very least she has some incredible fodder which could be really nice if you're going for the mythic primarily since they're sharing a color. Unfortunately while it would in theory be possible to inherit both Close Call 3 and Kestrel Stance 3 together...the only hero that has Kestrel Stance 2 is Legendary Ryoma so good luck with that.
I think you mean speed super boon
The point of Deafening Clarion specifically was more that it also gives your creatures lifelink if you have any that survive which will help make it much harder for them to evently get in those "last points of damage". Doesn't hurt that we get so few actual direct player targeted burn anymore.
As someone with a +Def Myrrh... Oh baby that's one hell of a refine.
Suddenly [[Eldrazi Displacer]] is once again very excited about modern. Well, if you can survive until turn 4 or so...
Are these basic lands in each pack or are they a potential basic land out of several others that are more normal? Or are these going to be collectors packs only or some crap?
Fuck. Looks like I'm buying a box...of a core set??????
Ah, makes sense. Kind of sucks you can't enter with gold but I guess that's what they do to force people to use up gems they might otherwise have saved up.
Back with the original modern masters and the second one they were hard to find to an extent. After that I suppose not, just expensive as you said.
WAY too long of a build up with almost nothing happening that entire time. The speed at which the "missiles" or whatever approached the Almighty and then random dots appeared EVERYWHERE around it, even in spots with just empty space, was insanely slow. Then after the explosion the debris decided to suddenly move 10000x faster in order to fly at the tower and then crash into the mountains in the distance. How the hell are you going to have everything happen so painfully slow that it takes over an hour initially and then speeds up so much faster afterwards? It doesn't remotely add up. The Almighty was seemingly still in space when it was hit by Rasputin and exploded; if this is true we should not have heard the explosion as the sound would not travel through space and into our atmosphere to the tower. The husk of the Almighty that crashes into the mountains behind the tower would have still absolutely destroyed the tower and the last city. That size object impacting the planet would have created a MASSIVE shockwave that would have destroyed basically everything over a VERY long distance. We got the "shockwave" but it did effectively nothing. We just happened to have a tiny bit of debris perfectly hit the tower between Zavala and Eververse in just such a way that it made a small crater and yet dealt absolutely zero structural damage at all? Then on top of that we somehow managed to have no damage ANYWHERE else on the tower? Seriously? This event was incredibly disappointing but I guess that shouldn't be surprising to top off this garbage season.
Defensively however this is FAR better than vanguard. Having 3 power blocking can kill a lot of creatures that cost more mana than this guy at 2 cmc and even then you might be trading your 5/3 with a land the enemy is sitting on instead of their 2 drop even. Vanguard COULD use his ability to block defensively but when you're paying 4 life regardless you're still going to be losing fairly quickly if you're on the back foot, especially since at 1 power Adano Vanguard on defense couldn't hope to trade with much. An unkillable 1/1 blocker that still costs you 4 life to block is a LOT worse than a 3/1 unkillable blocker that can buy time while you're topdecking dead draws trying to buy time for a better draw. While you're still trading 1 for 1 with this creature you're giving yourself the choice on how you value your 1 discarded card vs your opponents attacking creature or kill spell where Adanto Vanguard gave your opponent full information on what trade they were offering (kill spell or attack vs 4 life). I think overall the card is fine but not absurd by any means. It feels better defensively but worse offensively than Adanto Vanguard but at the same time it's in a color and general deck style that would prefer to be offensive. In an offensive deck where your land drops after the first few turns are largely dead the discard cost can be fairly trivial in a long game but in a good aggressive draw you likely want to empty your hand at which point there's no threat of activation here let alone any source of actual protection. That said I still think that the discard as a cost in white is likely a LOT stronger than it would be in other colors as much of the time a deck running this would value their individual cards lower than many other colors.
Huh, didn't know that. Why the heck doesn't the "pass turn" button do that too then?
Isn't this also a case where it gets even more confusing with double strike? Don't you have to assign 1 damage to the blocker during both first strike damage and normal damage due to the fact that the creature did not die and thus you're again required to assign would be lethal damage?
Generally true but it's worth keeping in mind that you could spell queller it yourself in response to an opponents counterspell in certain situations where that would be worthwhile. Could occasionally be worth it, especially if that means you're now pressuring your opponent with a creature that will draw you three cards if it's ever removed. Granted you'd probably want other ways in your deck to bounce or flicker your spell queller such that you get to cast this and reuse spell queller on another spell later. [[Spell Queller]] [[Restoration Angel]] [[Snapcaster Mage]] [[Eldrazi Displacer]] I could see some deck making it work, especially if you throw in Teferi and Jace that could bounce your own creatures as well as a last resort if you need to. Biggest problem would obviously just be that there's likely better things you could be doing and this might not be fast enough for the Modern or whatever format you're trying it in.
Well to be fair we already have a lot of stuff that is effective against her, part of the problem is how fast you need it and how bad it feels if you "need" to maindeck answers in best of 1 formats. You COULD maindeck [[Grafdigger's Cage]] but doing so would suck if it's just a dead card in other matchups. At the same time if you're facing Winota in Bo1 you don't know ahead of time to make sure you have cage in your opening hand and needing to draw it before turn 3 or 4 isn't reliable. While the "just have removal" argument has some merit Winota requires instant speed removal for a 4 cmc 4 toughness creature that could be hitting the board while you only have 2 lands in play which makes it really hard to have a reliable answer. It also means you're not developing your own gameplan at all if you're constantly needing to hold up removal, especially since a lot of the time even if you answer the first Winota the opponent could still top deck another and instantly win potentially. She also has the same problem [[Birthing Pod]] had in modern to an extent. Her existing in the format basically makes a situation where any potential human printed in the future could be a problem if they're "too good" to cheat into play. It's easier to ban her outright than have to worry about the interaction with every human going forward. Even more she also makes it such that any cheap non-human token production could be a problem if it enables more triggers the second she enters play. Honestly I don't understand how Wizards thought Winota was a safe design...she definitely seems like a creature with an ability that would previously only apply when she herself attacks rather than triggering off of every non-human you control that attacks. If she had to hit the battlefield and then survive an entire turn before she could "go off" she'd be FAR less of an issue.
This is such a fucking joke. Bungie is literally just double or tripling down on their bullshit FOMO and retiring content just to sell it to us all over again. You know why D2 can't support all of this content? Because the engine is absolute shit and the developers are apparently incompetent such that they're unable to even use said engine. The single biggest reason we needed D2 instead of D1 was for a complete engine overhaul......and then it didn't fucking happen because Bungie went and did typical Bungie things instead of prioritizing what needed to be done. The single biggest reason we NEED a D3 is to ACTUALLY overhaul the engine so it's not the same trash from a decade ago that keeps causing all of these issues. Instead Bungie is telling us at least 3 more years of this garbage engine but they're going to make that "work" by removing a huge chunk of their content and then giving us a tiny speck of new content and drip feeding us back old content we already had previously. Removing all of this content is 1000% unacceptable. Bungie talks about how so much of it is barely played but that's 100% because Bungie actively de-incentivizes playing that content by removing any value in it. Players have been asking for that content to be relevant for ages NOT to just fucking remove it. Let's make old raids relevant by having a weekly rotation of the "active" raid with powerful and pinnacle drops.....Bungie totally ignores these comments and then says they're just removing the content instead. Also this means they're removing the Tribute Hall. Are you fucking kidding me? Removing one of the single best additions to the game that people actually liked and dumped a TON of resources into upgrading INCLUDING bright dust. So much for a place to look at all of the trophies from things we've done, let's just throw it in the fire.
He does this every year and nothing changes. Stop fucking buying his bullshit. If Luke Smith wants to "take responsibility" he can get fired, quit or at the VERY least give up his position as design lead so someone that might actually be competent can take over. He has REPEATEDLY made these horrible decisions and keeps making them. Just because he "admits" it and apologizes doesn't mean he's going to do anything different going forward.
Personally I find it unlikely we'd have such a complicated quest for the standard listed season pass exotic. If we have to actually find and interact with 50 of these orbs that's a bit much for how short and easy most of these quests have been. Of course maybe it will just be like Bastion and after the first week or such everyone else gets to skip a huge part of the time investment for it.
I wouldn't say ALL. One is literally directly behind the little stone rock right at the very start of the Dungeon after you teleport into the haul from the starting ship area.
Edit- expansions are platform specific. Season passes are shared account wide everywhere except stadia because stadia pro always has the season pass.
It's happened repeatedly in the past, I absolutely expect it will happen again. Bungie retired and then re-sold exotic weapons 3+ times now between D1 and D2 with all of the expansions in D1. Nothing like needing the new expansion for the newly reintroduced D1 exotic in D2 that you already had taken away after year 1 in D1 and then sold as a part of the year 2 expansion in D1.
Yeah I have no clue how this system works...if it works as intended at all. Myself and a friend both had a number of umbral engrams at various levels below 1012 which was our current light level. Focusing them brought them all to 1012 regardless of what they were before. However one of them then turned into a 1016 item when it was opened even though it was 1012 going into the trashcan after being focused.
I know the rules were different at the time but just the idea of wishing for a card that is actively on the stack in the process of resolving is making my head want to explode.
I mean they released a new exotic at level 1 of the season pass where said exotic instantly kills raid bosses if everyone uses it because the game seems to just not know how to handle all the DoT damage and the fail case seems to be just instakilling whatever is being hit. No shit Bungie doesn't test things, the fact some people still think they do is absurd.
Ah, my bad then. Still incredibly dumb. It's honestly amazing that it seems like Bungie would rather completely remove content they spent time and money creating rather than have to worry about actually supporting it and being responsible for potential issues in the content. Feels like they got SO burned by Reckoning and then having to fix the difficulty...and the drop rates...and the difficulty again after all of the nerfs with Shadowkeep that they'd rather just remove content than deal with having to maintain it.
Technically you can enchant shroud creatures this way even, can't you? It's usually a pretty rare situation but currently in standard with Yorion I suspect it will happen surprisingly frequently.
Pfft, not even hoarding dueling crests. I wonder if it bothers him that he's missing one gold throne otherwise he'd have 82 of each.
Or they could literally just make the hard mode have a +30 light level cap over the normal mode and put contest mode on such that it restricts your light to the normal mode light level. Then you can run the content both normal and hard mode at the starting light level for the content or at ANY light level above it and it would make the normal mode easier but the hard mode would always be the same exact difficulty due to a constant +30 light on the enemies regardless of your own light level. They literally already figured this sort of system out with GM nightfalls but they aren't using it in anything else and honestly aren't even using it well in GM nightfalls imo.
At least the witherhord HAS a way that's suppose to differentiate between friendly and enemy AoEs. Somehow we still don't have such a feature on grenades after 5+ years now and it's infuriating. Or if we DO have one I've never noticed it. There's a VERY faint indicator on "trap" grenades I believe but actual AoE grenades like a solar or vortex or pulse grenade don't seem to have any indicator.
Not to mention the pinnacle grind is even more pointless and bullshit than the meaningless powerful grind. It effectively only matters in 1-2 modes where even then it's very minor BUT it means you keep ending up getting non-max items and can't have all of your gear at "max" level until you actually hit the pinnacle cap. Then on top of that if you decide to care about the pinnacle grind it's just poorly designed as well. The best part about finishing the pinnacle grind last season was being able to stop caring about running Garden of Salvation every week. We've had the same singular raid for 9+ months now as the primary source of pinnacle gear and my god has it gotten old and boring as hell...and it STILL doesn't have a heavy weapon and is massively skewed toward dropping energy weapons such that you can get nothing but 5 energy weapons in an entire run. Bungie talked about how nobody runs old raids anymore and that's part of the reason they're vaulting all that content but I'd LOVE to be able to run old raids if not for Bungie making the decision that only the single newest raid is allowed to drop pinnacle gear while all of the other raids can't even drop powerful gear. Hell make old raids drop an umbral engram upon completion of each encounter and that'd be a massive improvement.
One handed or two handed? What's your strength stat?
Huh, TIL I guess. Never bothered to test it but it always felt like you took a bit less damage while putting it out. Probably doesn't hurt that most people likely miss a shot or two just due to your hit box moving during the animation. I literally die sooooo much on my warlock due to the damn geometry cancelling my rift. It's horrible in so many PvE encounters too. The final boss in garden of salvation is so dumb with so many tiny elevation changes, I basically never even try to use my rift unless I'm standing completely still.
Oh baby this is exciting. Now somebody let me know in a few days to months or whenever people have worked out some mods to make this do all sorts of fancy shit it never could have done anywhere else. I'm expecting magical levels of graphics enhancements (though apparently they're higher quality to begin with) and potentially some Persona 5 QoL updates somehow modded into this.
It's way better but that's not exactly a high bar. The real question is going to be if the activity keeps up the player population enough to support the lack of matchmaking once we have two locations for it and the initial newness has worn off. The big thing the activity has going for it is that it doesn't take FOREVER to do a single clear and heroic seems to guarantee an umbral engram. Part of the "problem" is that it's still incredibly repetitive to keep playing it as there's effectively zero variety in the gameplay AND on top of that EVERYTHING drops umbral engrams all the time so there's not a huge incentive to specifically grind the event. Even at or above the light level the event is NOT going to be enjoyable to do if you're trying to solo or even 2 man things and I really expect most people to fairly quickly only bother with the event for the weekly if that even. The event still has the problem where motes are infuriatingly inconsistent to pick up. It's kind of crazy this is the third season that introduced a new activity with a mote mechanic and they're STILL miserable to interact with. I'd also argue the current bloom dupe is a big part of what makes this event bearable, particularly with decent sized groups that know what they're doing. It REALLY speeds up the event which makes it less monotonous. Taking 7 minutes to do a seraph tower event and get 6 bits and a blue from the chest was just absurd, not to mention if you took 7 minutes and failed.
What about people that don't know the mechanic and keep running around such that you try to pass the ball and it just explodes on their back? Or people who you pass the ball to that then throw it back at you and totally waste it?
If you're going for conqueror I think the strike might actually be easier than you'd think, particularly in comparison to the lower difficulty versions. For GM nightfalls all you care about is completion, you can just not bother with champions. You're going with a group that should all know what they're doing and can communicate with each other. For the boss fight you can just ignore the champions essentially and immediately melt the boss while using a weapons of light bubble to protect yourself without having to deal with all of the psions spawning all over the center of the arena. Three people running the new void spin attack sword can likely just straight up delete the boss as soon as you start damaging her. Have a hunter us invisibility to pick up the ball and then run over to the rest of the team that can be waiting right by the boss in a Titan bubble, pass the ball once and then throw it at the boss and immediately spin 2 win and the fight should be over. You can throw an oppressive darkness grenade at the boss too as both the hunter and titan at least will be on a void subclass. While it's not necessarily EASY you also technically can run through a huge majority of the strike with infinite invisibility with a single hunter running bottom tree nightstalker. During parts where you have to kill enemies like the elevator you can use titan bubble(s) and/or well of radiance for a lot of relative safety. You also have void grenades to stun overload champions which opens up a weapon slot in most cases, though personally I like having one Divinity just for the fact that it's great at instantly staggering disruption champions as a solid backup. Disruption grenades with oppressive darkness on top however is incredibly strong at letting you melt champions on it's own. That said as someone who got Conqueror last season I also didn't personally feel like Exodus Crash was particularly bad to begin with, I honestly had the most trouble with Broodhold due to how much of a clusterfuck the boss fight was with mandatory phases you couldn't skip and the giant 1-shot AoEs that occasionally decided to be invisible in certain areas. I expect Festering Core is going to be absolutely miserable this season similarly with it's mandatory boss phases you can't skip on top of just being quite long with a lot of ranged enemies.
You know what's even worse? I ran Gambit for my weekly bright dust bounties and then when I turned them in I got a Gnawing Hunger. It was a season of the drifter Gnawing Hunger at 750 light. Literally the SAME gun that is "new" this season and dropping as a "season 11" version that isn't going to be sunset at the end of the season BUT instead it can apparently still drop as the OLD version. It was a garbage roll regardless so it's not a huge deal but the fact that such a thing can even happen is absurd.
Not only that, you can still actually get the old versions of these weapons. I got a 750 Gnawing Hunger from a Gambit weekly and it was the season of the drifter version even. They even go out and put all of these old seasonal weapons into the Umbral Engrams and the world loot pool WITHOUT updating their "season" indicator such that they're almost entirely meaningless as MANY of them are getting sunset right at the end of this season!
Wat. WTF is this mixed game duo hero nonsense. I mean I GUESS it makes sense with the duo skill...which is STILL pretty damn underwhelming. It's also absurd to see a mounted duo hero with the supporting hero just standing there behind them. If they move 3 spaces does the support hero lag behind and nerf the total stats? WTF I'm also getting pretty damn sick of this whole duo hero with a duo skill that can be used every X turns even though the entire idea of duo skills was they can only be used once per map. Even though I'm a huge Lute fan I was going to just entirely skip this banner...but then I see that Lute is the 4 star focus and ugh now I'm tempted. Of course this also likely means she could have entirely underwhelming stats on top of having a pretty underwhelming skill kit. I mean seriously a seal skill in 2020? SURE it's a duo seal skill but still FFS. Of course then she has spd tactic which is honestly pretty rare...outside of being free on our seasonal Eir we got a while back. Hilariously with being a flying Gen 4 blue mage even a 4 star demote seasonal Lute might end up with better stats than OG Lute AND is in a better movement type for support buffs and being able to stand out from the crowded as hell pool of blue infantry mages.
Apparently there's some areas where people do this as a scam and will put these boots on your car and then request payment to have it removed despite not working for the city or any parking enforcement etc. So it COULD happen that this is being done by a scammer instead of someone just doing their job. If that's the case I definitely think finding the people doing this and putting it on their car, with the keyhole and such unusable, would be quite fitting. It's worth noting that if this was officially put on your car I feel like you'd be getting in a LOT more trouble removing it than just paying to have it removed, particularly if you steal it. You're talking about attempting to circumvent a fine and stealing city property if not also defacing it. I feel like any competent official system that's going around putting these on people's cars is going to write down the license plate number as well and know if the car is suddenly moved with the device missing.
Yeah, I personally thing the DCV is largely a thing purely to have an excuse to remove content we have currently so that Bungie doesn't have to worry about keeping it up to date and dealing with "issues" it keeps causing. People AFK forge farming? Well if they remove forges they don't have to worry about making sure this doesn't become an issue again every time they implement anything new that drops from activities. Balance changes making Reckoning a nightmare and requiring changes to the balance there? Well if they just remove Reckoning before implementing balance changes that's never an issue. I honestly think this was far more likely their reasoning for all of the seasonal content being season exclusive and then being removed more so than trying to create a FOMO mindset, though that certainly could have been a bonus. Bungie had the excuse that the content was leaving within 3 months as a reason to not have to deal with fixing issues that might arise with the content. People hate Vex offensive and think it's incredibly boring and lackluster? Well don't worry it's going to be gone in 3 months regardless, Bungie doesn't have to bother investing time to bring it up to a standard that players will actually enjoy. Hell Bungie basically flat out told us this was one of the big reasons they created the seasonal artifact model with seasonal mods that they don't have to worry about balancing as they'll get removed at the end of the season anyway. Yet at the same time we just keep getting recycled seasonal mods AND they introduce seasonal mods that aren't tied to the artifact and thus leaving where they end up having issues with those too. They LITERALLY released all of the generic reserves perks the other season with none of them functioning AT ALL and then took something like half the season or more to fix them and they STILL don't stack like other reserves mods do. Now they're introducing armor sunsetting as a way to effectively retire old seasonal mods and they're doing this right after spending time and resources revamping how the seasonal armor mod slot works and adding seasonal mod slots to a whole bunch of old armor sets...that are now going to be entirely meaningless due to sunsetting. The amount of time, money and man hours of work that Bungie seems to put into creating content or updates that then get completely negated or undone almost immediately is ABSURD. It feels like they waste so much time screwing themselves over on their own work that they barely have time to put much of anything into actually creating much of anything new. Their entire workflow seems to be largely counterproductive and I REALLY wish they could just figure out a model and direction, preferably one that the players actually support, and stick with it. It feels like they just keep insisting on making poor decisions and then getting a ton of negative feedback and then changing their plans BUT taking 6-12 months to actually do this at which point they've now gone in a direction that is completely different and still not supported by the playerbase. Just trying to keep up with the changes in their plans is exhausting and frankly just makes me want to quit playing most of the time as much if not more than how bad their final decisions end up being.
Man, that was likely a split second difference between it giving you the triumph or not even with the death after the boss died. Looks like you died right as the boss took a chunk of damage after the fact from the weirdness of the swords heavy attack. If you had died AFTER the boss had actually died but while the explosive thrall was still alive it likely would have still counted. Also props for still going for the sword strat this season after we've lost passive guard. That's a LOT riskier now without that extra damage reduction.
Honestly less absurd to me
No they fixed the thing where if you activated the one perk in the second row that makes it so your twisted energy is auto-donated. Previously for whatever reason after it was activated it was halving (or worse) your twisted energy instead of accurately getting all of it.
TECHNICALLY it wasn't for "no reason". It seems like that was a change implemented to try to cut down on Guitar errors during the Queenswalk. They simplified a lot of the terrain for the encounter presumably to cut down on how many "objects" the game was trying to render at once. Apparently that was the main thing that would cause the glitch, particularly because if you didn't wipe after the Riven encounter before the Queenswalk encounter you'd also have all of your dropped ammo and such loaded in as well. Still wasn't exactly communicated well and looks pretty shitty though. Doesn't give your game the best look when you've coded it so poorly you have to ruin the aesthetics you designed to get it to run remotely properly.
I'd like to point out that in MTG when you get X card it's exactly X card, there's no RNG element to what that card does. Bungie is literally taking this shit to an entirely other level. Not only do you have to grind like hell to get the roll you want on X the first time around but the next time they bring X back, with all the same exact random perk options, they make you grind it out again if you want the same thing. It'd be like if Wizards made you open pack after pack to finally get that rare card you want but OOPS your version of that rare card is printed with "This version is shit, you lose" so you need to keep going over again until you get an actually functional version. Then they tell you that you can't use it anymore so they can sell it to you over again a month later but now you need to get the new version. Not only is Sunsetting and then re-releasing the same exact weapons with the same perks over again a HORRIBLE system but it's MASSIVELY worse when there's so much RNG involved in grinding out weapon (and armor) rolls to begin with.
Until you realize that this means pit of heresy is an amazing source of enhancement prisms. Killing the boss three times a week is 18 guaranteed for very little effort which is way better than grinding nightfalls.
Pretty sure if you activated the perk while it was bugged its just gone forever.
And is that update including the change to Anteus Wards that was mentioned before the start of the season? How about finally doing SOMETHING about all of the constant Beaver errors on PC after since the start of LAST SEASON? I literally have to block matchmaking ports to load into the tower solo otherwise I get instantly kicked out 80% of the time. People are literally being punished by your anti-quitter systems in Gambit and Crucible because of your own networking issues that have been going on for over 3 months now continuing to kick people from matchmaking. We've had nothing but dead silence on this lately as if Bungie just doesn't want to bother mentioning it anymore as you can't seem to do anything about it and we should just ignore it.
Yep. You can actually headshot standard Phalanx through their shield with anti-barrier rounds too. Really nice in ordeal nightfalls when you can just 1shot them outright with Eriana's Vow and ignore the shield entirely. That said it's not the easiest thing to do because you need to know where their head is without being able to see it and aim assist might make actually getting the shot even harder. On PC it's quite doable but on controller with the aim stickiness you might just have your aim glued to the shield weak point while you WANT to aim a little above that.
Why are you stacking heavy ammo scavenger with enhanced sword scavenger instead of just running two enhanced sword scavenger perks?
I wonder how set completion is going to work between Jump Start and M21. Gonna be pretty shitty if they're just entirely separate so any shared cards are going to require 4 copies from both sets to be "complete", especially with how the situation with M21 cards like the rare lands is already turning out...
Yes and no. It effects you less in respect to the fact that you'd get all of the cards anyway and you thus aren't as punished in terms of getting a "worthless" card in your collection BUT you're also effectively getting hit with an 80 gem value loss per rare or 160 gems per potential mythic reprint. At least compared to if you otherwise opened those cards as a traditional 5th+ copy. This means that someone who's more invested into the game is going to get hit with a heavier total "value" loss most of the time as they'll eventually actually get hit by ALL of the duplicate rares versus someone who doesn't complete the set anyway while a player that won't complete the set anyway might only get hit by a couple or even no 5th+ copies. This is especially true when you consider that a player who isn't going to complete m21 for example likely doesn't have a complete set of m20 either and thus even if they DO get one of the m21 lands that are reprinted from m20 that doesn't mean it's necessarily going to be a 5th+ copy while a more completionist player WILL have those m20 copies and thus even the first m21 copy is a 5th useless copy.
Major problem that has a number of easy fixes that would be a huge sign of good faith for the playerbase from Wizards with a very low realistic cost on their end. In other words Wizards is going to do absolutely nothing.
Uhh...isn't that exactly the topic of this thread and the entire discussion? The entire point is that there's all different types of "heavily invested" players. Yes the reprint issue will effect different types of players differently but it's still negative for all of them. The entire point is that I, and others, think this will negatively affect heavily invested players more than casual players. The fact YOU have every meta deck, tons of spare WC and such doesn't mean that everyone else does. It also doesn't mean that just because you're ok with taking an 11% value loss on the set that other similarly invested players are ok with that.
Again, you're looking at ONE type of investment here and that's my entire point. You can be heavily invested in terms of time investment and be only barely getting by with a small net loss in terms of gold/gems. That type of heavily invested player is absolutely going to be negatively impacted by this issue more than most casual players. For YOU it might not be an issue but your type of "heavily invested" isn't the same as everyone else.
I don't think that's bugged...that's how the loot pool works. If you've only unlocked Exiles Curse that's the only item you can get from the engram. The engram loot pool only gets additional items once you've earned them otherwise. So if you've only completed this weeks 3 wins, or the bounty to get that 3 win item, that item is the only item in your loot pool. The loot pool reset since last season so anything you unlocked last season is no longer in your loot pool.
...seriously? This has been an issue for AGES. I literally gave up even bothering to play Iron Banner last season because this had been such an issue beforehand and my bounties were basically taking twice as long. NOW on top of that on PC it's still just a normal day of PvP to get error coded out of like 25-30% of matches at a minimum AND there's just an accepted expectation that bounties will just randomly not track in some matches. Oh but if we quit out of matches where our progress isn't being tracked because it's a waste of time we get punished for quitting on top of already getting punished for quitting when your horrible netcode causes beaver errors and such already. Can't wait for another 3 Iron Banner events this season where we'll be still dealing with both of these issues and then we'll get Solstice of Heroes which is sure to have PvP requirements too and force us into dealing with these issues yet again. Maybe don't keep running events and expecting people to put up with these issues for months and months and months if you can't fix them. Bungie seriously needs to get their shit together and fix these sort of issues in a timely manner. It's great that you managed to fix Trials in just a single week...even though it should have never been an issue to begin with but seriously there are SO many issues effecting the PvP side of the game right now that are just seemingly being ignored that it's a joke.
I feel like the situation with Merciless is actually a "fix" or at least "improvement" compared to how it was broken before this. I BELIEVE this current situation came about after Bungie changed how the Backup Plan perk works for Fusion Rifles where it adjusts the damage accordingly with the charge rate. I believe when that change first went through it broke Merciless such that it would decrease charge rate as intended but would also lose damage as it charged faster and faster making it essentially pointless. Now that is "fixed" in that it just...doesn't get a faster charge rate at all but this means it maintains it's intended damage. Not saying that's necessarily GOOD or that it's a good "fix" but I believe that's why it's currently in the situation it's in. No idea how or why that would effect Jade Rabbit however.
Using a single one works, though it's not THAT much energy. It is noticeable on each kill. Trying to stack it however just immediately breaks it and it does nothing again...because Bungo.pls
They really should have at least just straight up removed the guardian kills. Personally this isn't a big deal to me but for people who don't like PvP and forced themselves to grind through that part and now have to do it all over again that's REALLY bullshit.
Particularly considering I don't believe this current season's catalyst boost effects it....so even the reduced numbers compared to last season it's actually more than it would have taken last season if you had the season pass boost.
I swear Bungie is fucking this up just to force people to keep playing contact after the first 3 weeks (and the first week on Titan) instead of people just abandoning the activity after the triumphs are done like many people did with the Seraph Towers.
Well now that's just a horrible and confusing situation now considering Grindstone specifically mills now that it's a keyword and it DOESN'T "grind"
Haven't seen these comments myself, though i 100% believe that the Arena Devs said this, but holy crap Wizards...you'd think with the massive growth Commander has seen for YEARS now they would had made it a pretty important feature to have their brand new online client support multiplayer. Sure maybe it's not available at launch but the ENGINE not being able to handle multiplayer? REALLY? Seems like that'd be an immediate red flag when developing the engine if there were clear early concerns that it wouldn't be able to handle multiplayer.
Champions are "boss" enemies. Boss spec and Vorpal work against them. Actually makes Vorpal on some primaries not completely worthless in PvE, particularly on anti-barrier weapons.
Let me try to rephrase this because I'm not sure my point was clear necessarily. I TOTALLY understand and support them focusing on 1v1 at the start and honestly for a decent length of time from beta and launch etc. It especially makes sense when you factor in a likely desire to get the game on mobile and such eventually where it'd be basically unplayable as more than 1v1 due to screen size concerns. The issue is HOW they focus on that and work on it in development. Is it just the GUI with the overall player interface and battlefield just not able to support more than 1v1? That's honestly not a huge deal because that could be done relatively easily later with a unique multiplayer GUI on it's own. Not saying this like it'd actually be "easy" but more in terms of being easier than remaking the game from scratch. OR is it that "Arena can't support multiplayer" in the sense that the rules engine straight up is incapable of working with multiplayer. If that's the case I feel like it's a pretty big mistake that they went with the current rules engine knowing about that limitation because it would be an absolutely massive nightmare to implement multiplayer later down the road. I'm not saying they shouldn't have focused on everything they've done up to now first but rather that they should have been aware of the demand for multiplayer (more than 1v1) down the road and have known better than to implement such a core part of the client in such a manner that it makes eventually implementing multiplayer significantly harder. Just from a basic design standpoint of not taking a design path that you know will cause issues for them in the future. This is especially true as "simplifying" the rules engine seems to be one of the biggest factors in making a new digital client as MTGO seems to be a giant mess of ancient code painstakingly patched together with every new set that gets added.
You need to get to 5 stacks of charged with light first. Generally this means you've earned a decent chunk of your super by the time you have those stacks, particularly if you're using taking charge to get your stacks as this means you'll have picked up some number of orbs.
Yeah, I tested this out a while back and was really disappointed with the (imo) misleading as hell wording. It's especially frustrating on hunter and warlock with Orpheus Rigs or Pheonix Protocol due to the way in which they were nerfed. Rigs (and I believe Pheonix but not 100%) effectively prevents you from getting super refunded once you fill up to 50%. You can use your grenade to quickly refill from 0 to 40% right after you use your super but then your exotic is only actually refunding 10% super instead of up to 50%. One interesting thing you can do with this mod in combination with those supers and exotics however is effectively get "free" finishers for special or heavy ammo. Hunter with rigs almost immediately refunds your grenade to begin with when tethering a group of enemies which allows you to throw your grenade immediately after firing tether, activating this mod and getting up to 50% super back at which point you can use a finisher to use up your super and gain special or heavy ammo AND your exotic will still be going to once again refill your super up to 50%. If you can get your charges of light back you can even potentially do this multiple times.
I believe this only works with Dragon's Shadow if you don't have the gun out currently. It has to be stowed otherwise it does count as a normal reload. I only ever use Dragon's Shadow in pvp on hunter and regularly use the dodge reload to trigger kill clip with my currently equipped weapon after getting a kill.
Just have it use the new sword with only the spin attack such that you're smacking the ball around with the spin attack constantly.
Basically 50% of my comp PvP matches lately on PC have effectively started 2v3 one way or another due to how frequently people are getting error coded out of matchmaking. When they don't start 2v3 it's not uncommon for the game to just hang between rounds for ages until someone gets DC'd eventually. Yesterday I had a match that started 3v2 in my team's favor only to have a teammate on my side DC after the first round BUT the absolutely most absurd thing happened and my teammate was actually able to rejoin...something I've NEVER seen happen otherwise as most error codes don't seem to let you rejoin, certainly not Beaver which seems to be by far the most common. Non-comp PvP is even more of a clusterfuck in my experience, almost no matches actually start 6v6, I frequently end up in matches that start 4v4 or 5v5 and then the entire match is just constant people joining and leaving (or DCing) mid match the entire time. Likewise I've joined SOOOOOOOOO many games in progress which is honestly infuriating due to the seemingly high chance that bounties just don't gain progress from matches when you join them in progress. I had a day last week where I was trying to do my Gambit weeklies and I got Beavered out of 50% of my matches while trying to load in to the start of the match. I also don't know WHAT the hell Bungie is doing with matchmaking because while they said it's no longer skill based in most playlists it also sure as hell doesn't seem connection based as my experience with connections since the season started has somehow been WORSE in every activity that supposedly changed matchmaking style. Comp seems to be the only playlist where I get remotely decent connections in matches but even that can be fairly hit or miss. Then on the other hand Bungie said that Comp matchmaking was not changed BUT it feels like it was because it sure as hell doesn't seem to have skill based matchmaking and it DEFINITELY doesn't have glory based matchmaking. I really wish Bungie would get their shit together and actually fix the connection issues on PC...honestly at this point just undo the steam system integration or w/e they did that is supposed to prevent DDoS now, it might be stopping DDoS but it's clearly not stopping cheaters in trials and such AND it's seemingly causing massive connection issues that are still a problem 4 months after it was implemented. The recent "improvement" to Beaver errors Bungie implemented "help" but going from getting Beavered immediately upon loading the tower 80% of the time to ONLY 50% of the time isn't exactly worth celebrating and that's basically my experience since the "fix".
Outside of Martyr's retribution and mountaintop I straight up cannot stand using any other legendary special grenade launchers. The most infuriating thing is just the incredibly stupid bouncing bullshit that they all seem to do and there's basically nothing you can do about it. I got the new one that was released this season with proximity explosion AND spike grenades and it will literally hit the ground an inch away from enemies after firing through their legs and just bounce off into the sunset before it explodes. WTF is the point of proximity detection if it does literally nothing? I just want a grenade launcher that actually explodes when it hits the ground, is that really too much to ask?
That's amazingly high detail and gorgeous. It's also insanely expensive wow.
My biggest issue with this boss is that the Taken Knight sometimes just doesn't give a shit about aggro. I basically end up pushing him to the Howler most of the time instead of being able to lure him to it. A LOT of the time he kind of just ignores aggro and spams his long range fire attack rather than chasing you with his sword. Giving the enemy you need to lure a ranged attack is pretty horrible design since it just allows him to sit in one spot and not move.
I only ever GG as I'm literally dying, right before I concede, when I'm dead on board with nothing in hand or in response to my opponent saying GG. It's a bit split between GG and concede and letting my opponent kill me because I know they might have quests for attacking or whatever. Though I have been known to be an ass back to my opponent if they decide to do the cocky premature GG when they haven't actually won and then I end up winning afterwards. I really hate some of the response lines though and how finicky they are to actually use them with only being available for a moment. I've wanted to hit sorry so many times but if you aren't almost instant after your opponent hits oops you can end up missing it and then anything you say sounds rude.
I have VERY rarely said GG when I'm winning but only if it's literally on a lethal attack when my opponent is tapped out, no cards in hand etc where there's nothing that can end up changing things. Even then ONLY when it's actually been a really close back and forth game and usually when we've been using the chat lines before then. I did once screw up and not account for some minor lifelink damage though at which point I made sure to say oops, hopefully my opponent wasn't too upset thinking I was trying to be a dick.
Oh man thanks for reminding me. This was PvE so it was way less of a dick move but it was HILARIOUS. Joined 2 people from LFG to do the nightfall this week, lake of shadows. Not sure if the two people knew each other or not but one guy got blasted off the bridge section by one of the taken wall boopers right at the end of the bridge. With everything dead and waiting to revive him this genius decided to sit on his orb t-bagging him, I'm standing a couple feet away. Laughed my ass off as the t-bagger gets blasted off to his death by the same exact taken booper while just sitting there t-bagging. Of course I did the responsible thing and revived the first guy and then made sure to t-bag the other guy's orb a few times before walking away to not get booped off myself. I want to say we just left him to wait out the revive timer and respawn himself but I honestly don't remember.
Some people I believe also intentionally do this (or did previously anyway) just to make sure they complete certain bounties before the match is over. They'd rather complete their bounties in 1-2 games so they can rush back to the tower and pick up more than take a few extra games to complete them and only get w/e tokens they get for a win instead of all the bounties done as fast as possible as well. Of course that's also when you get to just suicide and piss them off because they can't get bounty progress that way.
As someone who also didn't vote for him but WAS "slightly" optimistic my greatest hope was he was going to be such a bumbling idiot that he'd basically spend 4 years getting nothing done and grid locking our government. My hope was that he'd be so unfamiliar and incompetent with government protocol and how everything worked that he'd just effectively waste 4 years of time. I thought that if he managed to try to fuck with things and do things that the President shouldn't be doing but where that "rule" was more of just a respected tradition it would hopefully lead to actually formally turning that into law following his presidency. Example of this would be making it a requirement that presidential candidates release their tax records as has previously been the case but now Trump has refused. I didn't predict that the entire republican party would collectively agree to give up any and all respect for the constitution and concept of working for the good of the nation and instead go along with anything Trump does while undermining the entire process of checks and balances. Even then I'd hoped the Democrats could actually do ANYTHING to hold them accountable instead of basically just verbally condemning them and nothing else. IF Trump gets voted out of office this November it's still going to be far too late, the amount of damage he has done to this country over the last few years is insane AND the cult of followers that support him are going to continue to cause problems for years if not decades to come it seems.
As someone who really wants Eleanora but failed to get her on her original banner...yeah this hurts. I just cannot justify pulling for colorless on this banner, it's horrible AND I already have both of the other units at that.
Oh I realize this NOW...I was just too optimistic 4 years ago. I assumed at least some of the republicans would actually care about doing their job rather than simply working for their own personal and party greed.
I feel like anyone who paid even slight attention to how Bungie has handled loot over the past 5 years could tell you from a mile away that sunsetting isn't going to work out at all and is going to be a horrible system. It's literally just yet another way for Bungie's to bullshit their way into recycling gear all over again for the Nth time enabling them to maximize on how lazy they can be in regards to making actually new gear. They've been doing this FOREVER and every time they just try to come up with a new excuse and explanation for it to get some percent of the playerbase to buy into it...AND THEY DO over and over and over again. Hell just look at Bungie's track record for actually doing what they say they're going to do and they barely manage to half-ass that most of the time. People being optimistic about Sunsetting are absolutely crazy thinking Bungie's going to suddenly change and do 10x as much work as previously to make it "work" and not be a massive failure. Best case scenario right now with Sunsetting is that Bungie see's how incapable they are of making it work and how much the playerbase revolts against it once it's implemented and they change their mind and switch to something else in a "reasonable" time span so we don't have to deal with the game being entirely fucked for more than half a year or more realistically a year with the garbage system. Bungie literally barely got through ONE season of the changed seasonal mod slot system before telling us they're now changing that all over again, they can never keep anything straight for any length of time. The fact that we have to wait so long for Bungie to recognize and fix their mistakes is honestly getting beyond infuriating, especially when they're obvious mistakes that SO many people can tell them are horrible ideas right from the start. Double Primaries? Yeah well you're stuck with those for a year while we release lackluster content the entire time because we have to spend so many resources completely changing everything. Finally listened to feedback to update old armor to 2.0 and add seasonal mod slots to world drop sets and make higher stat rolls actually drop? Well doesn't matter because lol we're introducing armor sunsetting too now so get fucked. It honestly feels like Bungie intentionally fucks shit up just to keep themselves in constant development hell fixing things so they have a constant excuse for releasing the bare minimum of halfassed "new" content and get to cry about how they don't have the resources to do more while also fixing other shit they ruined in the first place unnecessarily.
Higher BST for modes that care and fighter skills, that's why. Not to mention a lot of her use has to do with when she was released at launch when there wasn't exactly a large pool of armor heroes to begin with let alone bulky non-armor heroes. A res boon +10 Effie with res refined Berkut's lance running Wary Fighter can tank damn near any enemy in the game and nothing at all really changed that until we started getting abilities that can bypass Wary Fighter. The selection of lance heroes at launch and even for quite a while afterwards was...not exactly good and we had very few lance heroes with PRFs at all while the pool of inheritable lances was similarly garbage for a LONG time.
I honestly wonder if Trump talks the same in private as he does in public or if he's more capable of communicating like a normal human when he actually wants to. I can't imagine trying to have an actual conversation with him over the phone. I just picture Putin basically bashing his head against the wall trying to get Trump to shut up and actually listen to what he's saying and comprehend it while Trump goes off on a rant for half an hour about whatever nonsense is upsetting him at the time.
I'm honestly expecting a pretty hilarious shit show when we start getting Nightfalls and such with modifiers plus champions where the seasonal artifact mods combined with available weapon options make them basically impossible without using very specific garbage weapons and/or not having remotely good setups. Like... seasonal anti-barrier: SMGs, unstoppable: handcannon Only current season handcannon that you can get to drop and enhance to max light is a 180 solar energy weapon with horrible perk rolls. Anything else was only available if you played and saved it from previous seasons, assuming it's still able to be enhanced to max power. Only SMG that drops this season is kinetic, mediocre at best and has bad perks. Only drops from one encounter in the raid which you can't even really attempt until you grind 40+ levels through the powerful reward grind. Lets run this weeks nightfall; It has unstoppable and barrier champions. 90% of the enemies have void shields and match game is on. Your unstoppable handcannon is worthless against any shielded enemies. You can't run Eriana's Vow for anti-barrier if you want to be able to run an unstoppable weapon as well since it's only available in the energy slot same as Eriana's. Oh and Eriana's is also solar so NONE of your anti-barrier weapons are useful against 90% of the normal shielded enemies with match game. If you want to cover both types of champions you're running double primaries and likely doing trash damage to the champions when actually trying to kill them, especially since you're also underleveled since Bungie bumps the light level of the Ordeal Nightfall every season such that Master is 20 levels ABOVE the pinnacle cap. Oh by the way if you want to use an exotic kinetic or energy weapon most all of your options for heavy weapons suck, particularly since there's only ONE Legendary Machine gun and it's ALSO solar because fuck you. Oh did I mention that the ONE new seasonal kinetic is not only locked behind the season pass but you need to be rank 45 before you can actually obtain it? Don't forget that the one SMG is from ONE raid encounter that has 4 potential drops and you can only attempt it once per week on each character. Oh you don't run raids? Get fucked. None of this was planned of course. The people deciding the seasonal artifact mods, raid drops, champion type/placement, reissued weapons and such don't ever actually communicate with each other to plan this sort of thing, it just all gets done individually and then thrown together at the last moment and hope it works out. It's not like Bungie released Shadowkeep and introduced the pinnacle grind with a system that was borderline impossible to actually hit the pinnacle cap with only ONE source of a pinnacle heavy weapon between ALL activities at launch and a raid with zero heavy weapons at all and ~30% chance of getting an energy weapon drop from EVERY encounter. You JUST had to get a heavy weapon from the weekly nightfall reward roughly 80% of time AND get almost perfect slot RNG the rest of the time for the entire season before they reworked the pinnacle system after tons of negative feedback.
Wait...what? Wireless controllers don't work with Destiny through steam? I thought both the Xbox One and Dualshock 4 now had full steam support and both should work through bluetooth natively, at least with the newer models.
Doesn't matter anyway because even if you could turn in tokens for weapons only before you finish the quest you can't get the new weapons from tokens until after you finish the quest.
