&gt; And you are an asshat, you act like an asshat, you insult like an asshat, and you love to suck on assholes
Its ESPN. Who cares? The channel is a joke. Just spits out the most controversial crap and hopes the it is picked up by other providers as the truth.
Second the other guy. It's a great game. My friends like it a lot.
That is one of the stupidest shits I've seen on her in weeks Also, it's spelled D O G. It is literally one of the first words you learn to spell in the English language.
Fuck ichigan, but why is he an asshole for being a fan?
Who cares? ESPN sucks.
LOUD NOISES!!!!!!!
Looks like a cross between the old Batman TV show and the French Connection....
No. DC is like trying to milk everything they can right now since the DCEU didn't really work out. My understanding is that this project is 'separate' from the DCEU and is a stand alone movie. I think they have another Batman movie in the works under the same concept.
Next man up!
/r/shitpost
I'm level 16 and the same boat as you....
I just tested it and you don't get credit for just kills. You HAVE to use the assassination skill. So that level really doesn't help you much.
It's it great to know that our president is a clueless fucking asshole?
I get not getting in, but a 2 lost team that didn't win their conference before us....that's BS.
See I don't agree with that. I agree we shouldn't be in the playoffs. Purdue fucked us. But to give a 2 loss team that didn't even win their conference is a knock against the B1G and a knock against us for recruiting.
And UGA lost to LSU by 20 and it wasn't even close. At least OSU was in that game until the 4th quarter. I'm not saying we should have made the playoffs, but a 2 loss team that didn't win their conference???
I always root for UM in Bowl games unless it is for the Championship. The B1G is always getting crap for how with play in post season, so we need every win we can. Not that it helped last year....
Lighten up, Francis. And the rules say: &gt;**Limit** your promotional posts. This is a community, not an audience. See the participation guidelines for more details on this. It doesn't say, don't do it. Ultimately, you don't like it, report it and let the MODs deal with it.
So what you are saying is that he is never leaving.... At least before Urban Meyer.
Don't forget he doesn't like chicken!
So you are saying the single player game isn't good enough for you???
By the power of Greyskull!
Yea, but his powers were just stupid.
Nice ad. These have been around for some time and I actually have a set.
Maybe it was based on average spending???
This isn't about the the playoffs. I completely agree that we shouldn't have been there. This is about putting a 2 loss team that didn't even win their conference above a 1 loss B1G champion. That is a complete slap in the face to both tOSU and B1G.
You sir, are not a true tOSU fan. Please leave this subreddit.
ESPN has basically been shitting on tOSU every chance they can since the 2002 Championship and B1G since they didn't sign with them for the TV rights.
Like we say, "Next man up!" Urban thanks for an amazing run.
No offense dude, but if you knew anything about college football you would understand why he did that. Basically he is trying to save recruiting. Yes, recruiting will take a hit, but now we are dealing with working with them in the off season and not mid season. Shit happens....let it go.
Why no mention of Haskin's 4 rushing TDs?
Don't forget the ESPN campaigning for those 2 all year.
There is nothing saying the DM can't just do this without forcing the PC to take the level. Sounds like it is more flavoring than actually mechanically driven.
It's ESPN. Turn that shit off.
Groot's heal sucks???? Wow, I haven't heard that before.
She isn't a tank, she is an attacker. Since you are probably going to run her with a healer anyways why waste points in defense. Kill them before they kill you.
Initial might have been, but they eventually switched to 20 point buys around when PFS came out. Remember the first one was based on D&amp;D 3.5.
Before they keep kicking out new boxes, can they give me a way to get rid of raid tickets? I don't have the time to do them, but I like the boxes for the incubators.
Have we not gotten an answer on this because I haven't seen him clear anything for a week at least.
Beatriz and 2 healers?
I guess Tumblr is still available in the future.
Wasn't this just on here yesterday about making a house out of cardboard?
Is there anything that says you can't use it 2 handed?
Depends on what feels good for you. Right now it is 4 levels gunslinger, 1 level alchemist, 1 level gunslinger and then 6 levels of alchemist. So that is level 12.
Open the Stats tab and then click on Details. This will explain to you what all the different stats do. Next find the hero you want to gear up and click on each of their Skills. The pop up will explain the ability but more importantly explain what Stat is effected by that Skill. Then just gear up to improve the skills. So if it says the Skill is based on Lethality, then equip weapons that increase that. Basically, I like to specialize. I wouldn't try and spread out your bonuses to improve a character overall abilities. Make sure you concentrate on what they do good.
Now the question is....who thinks the Helix orbs are worth it this time around? I personally say a big YES as it looks like it will improve a number of critical characters that you will need after the event. I love this one.
Wreckers Crew....I know, original.
I would counter that there are a number of missions that can be cleared with just Beatriz and 2 healers....
Yea, but the trip to Mars cost billions. The bank surveillance probably a $100. True story: I got mugged dropping off a night deposit. They accused me of just taking it because they didn't see me running away from the mugger, right before his buddy tackled me. So their evidence was based on the security tape. This effing bank had 1 recorder for 4 effing cameras. So it would cycle between them. I ran, when it was cycling between the 3 cameras in the bank.
You'll stay in what ever bracket you started in. Even if you level out of it. Also, it is complete luck of the draw on who you end up with. Just play the game.
Yea, add in Hermey the Elf Dentist and all those shows are pretty fucked up. I get they are trying to 'teach' people that being different shouldn't matter, but pretty much everyone is an asshole in those shows.
I'm going out on a limb and say M.O.D.O.K. The reason being because that would probably be around a complete rework on A.I.M. Edit: Spelling
Thanks. I even looked it up and still misspelled it.
He returned the duck. That is he job. It's your job to actually pick it up. Hell, if he was able to catch a live duck and bring it back, that dog is awesome.
It's obviously sarcasm. Everyone seems to want to blame Rodgers for McCarthy's firing. Which is a joke. Hell Mike Chumra was calling him out this week. Calling him a prima donna. He never even played with him. WTF does his opinion matter?
Okay it is official, I really want more campaigns where the miniatures are optional. The game itself looks great, but I just don't need any more miniatures. It's getting out of hand. I just noticed this is the same guys that did This War of Mine. I love that game.
Or maybe this is the first time they have ever done this. I leave food on my side table next to my comfy chair all the time because my dogs would never touch it. Eventually they decided they wanted something too bad and did. So I stopped.
After GTAO, you didn't think this wasn't going to be pay2win?
Too little. Too late. Unfornately, they've already given it to Tua basically.
[The Hidden Truth](https://thehiddentruth.info/) is the best tool out there. It's always up to date with all the character &amp; NPC building tools. Now, it doesn't have a lot of rules, but it is awesome for characters.
The Starstone!
Pretty much have the same set up.
No. That is pretty much what everyone has been saying since the game came out. Max out commons to get better characters.
Don't even try. Once the reddit circle jerk gets going, logic will never stop them.
I wish there was an achievement for stealthing passed people and using the jump ability. Would give you more incentive to not just kill everyone.
Click on the skills and it will tell you what abilities you need for that character. Then just load up on gear that compliments your skills.
Thanks. Now I have epilepsy.
Yes. All a fusion seal does is allow you to easily remove a fusion from one weapon and put it on another. Maybe if you want better clarification, please ask that question in the first place. There have been no less than 3 other posts on here in the last week with confusion on fusion seals. It's really not that hard.
Bad rolls destroy any plan. Stealth isn't any more of a bad miss then missing a jump and dropping into a group or missing a bad strike if you are an attacker. I almost wiped on a mission that should have been a cake walk because of 1 bad jump and 1 bad assassinate.
The way I do it is add just enough floor until the sausage is coated a little. Makes them a little gray. Then fry it a little longer to get a little browning on the flour. Add milk. Some people add until the sausage is just covered. I tend to go with 3 cups to 1 pound of sausage. Then just slowly cook it down until it is the consistency you like.
Whatever. Play the game how you want. Enjoy your day.
Multi-player games will always dominate game sales, but the problem is that you can cover the fan base with very few titles that will drive themselves with DLC and new versions. Meanwhile, single player games will always have a base because they don't have quite the life of MMOs and the fan base is always looking for new experiences. So, if you want to make money long term, go MMOs but you still need single player games to keep the console alive.
To piggy back on the other comment. I've found that bonus characters, especially at 100% are better than using non-bonus characters at higher rank missions. Unless you are talking 2-3 ranks higher.
I'd rather just beat them down with Beatriz. A good defense is a great offense.
This
If I am going to be impotent, I'm going to look impotent.
Nice sweater he has....oh gods...
Really? This is the thing that is annoying you most in the game? .01% problems.
Brady is kicking his ass in Rushing TDs :P
At the very end, the two of them finally got him to say it: https://www.marketwatch.com/story/transcript-of-the-heated-exchange-between-trump-pelosi-and-schumer-2018-12-11 &gt;THE PRESIDENT: I am proud to shut down the government for border security, Chuck, because the people of this country don’t want criminals and people that have lots of problems and drugs pouring into our country. So I will take the mantle. I will be the one to shut it down. I’m not going to blame you for it. The last time you shut it down, it didn’t work. I will take the mantle of shutting down.
Use Tariq until you can 3 start Tereysa. Then stick with her.
We knew this was coming. I wish him the best and I hope he lands on a great team for him.
Any funds, even your own, spent in direct relationship to the campaign needs to be disclosed. He directed Cohen to pay these women of specifically so the affairs wouldn't come out during the election. That means he used his own campaign funds without disclosing their use. That is against the law.
Complete the daily tasks.
He found and disclosed the error himself. Had to pay a fine of like $326k I think. Trump on the other hand has tried just about everything can to deny the offense. This is not only a campaign violation but a violation of his office. By all rights, he should be impeached and we should have Pence [yippie] as our president some time next year.
Ummm, obviously this was done on purpose.
Matcha....the new Nutella.
Nope. Ranks &gt; Rarity.
Wow. That amount of misogyny and racism on this thread is appalling. Especially when we are talking about basically a forgotten American hero.
Lick it.
What is wrong with just changing their names?
Still an option.
This is one of the stupidest posts I've ever seen. The second picture came from Falling down that came out 11 years before Polar Express. Your title is just beyond retarded.
I'm done with you. You are too stupid to be believed. I hope you have a terrible life.
Math isn't one of your strong points, is it?
Nice at posting a completely nonsensical response to this discussion.
If you feel so strongly about that topic, why don't you start a thread about this?
And you feel the need to finish this with a little passive aggressive insult. So I'm done with you.
You really need a tier 3 weapon and you won't get that until lvl 21
Thanks for the heads up. I just put My Little Scythe on my wishlist 2 days ago and you just saved me $12.
I'm more than a little pissed off about that bug. Happened right before I went to bed and wasn't able to use my last 60 or so Helix points. Ended up dropping a full ranking.
what what?
Have someone take a picture of you the moment when you are truly surprised. I think your expression might be more surprising then what you think.
Had to go anal....huh?
&gt; Get a life.
There should be a number after each one for the number of times he sad 'fuck' in them.
Isn't that true with a lot of actors? They play bit roles and then hopefully they hit with a really nice big one.
Good choice. I'm no where near getting him there.
Because it is only good for once per map, you can really only use it on 'boss' fights.
When the Sole Survivor saw the breadth of his domain, he wept for there were no more settlements to rescue.
Meaning they will now be complete?
I get it. My phone reset because of my OS update. Thanks,
I wonder if there is any new content or this is all just rehashed stuff that is already out.
Just complete the daily quests and the missions. I feel the game is pretty generous with helix.
You'll get there. Takes a little time. Just make sure you are farming shards for the best 4 as mentioned before.
If you are leaving to support hate speech, then love to see you leave.
You should never really send cash in an envelope...
[Bunny!!!](https://media1.tenor.com/images/54928cc4dd138d0dde22a4e985f20829/tenor.gif?itemid=5588109) I like it up until Swift Kick and Sonic Vulnerability. Will probably steal it up excluding those two racial traits.
It better be for $700 - $1200.
I don't see a small bunny character having an attack on par with a Vesk. And it looks like the Sonic thing is just to balance the attack. I'm not saying a bunny can't kick ass, but I think they need training. No NPC on the street should be able to do this.
NA Please
I hope so by level 39
There is no rolling of dice in Fantasy Football. Argument done.
Well, I know some people that are going to be on the naughty list for life.
Times are never tough enough to steal toys from kids.
I can't get to Youtube at work, but let me guess "Live Action" version?
Or...maybe he was just using he own account to make sure his grandpa would enjoy the service before buying it for him.
The more money out of those idiots hands the better.
Don't forget he basically supported violence against the protesters at his rally's during the election.
Couple of other tips. If you click on the Stats tab and then Details, you will get a complete breakdown of what each of the Stats do. Then open up your Skills tab and click on the Skills. That will give you an explanation of the Skill but more importantly it will tell you what Stat is used for that Skill. So when you are Gearing up your heroes make sure you are putting on Gear that will help their Skills. For example, you don't want to put Gear that helps with Lethality if they can't Assassinate. Also make sure you put Crit% Gear on Healers. Especially Gaspar and Claudia because they have healing over time. You can actually Crit on healing and it will double it.
Rank up and level up your best characters.
Except that they will probably spawn inside.
Seems like it is just another over engineered waiting to break down interesting design.
Yea. I'm not feeling it. That isn't Hellboy.
It's your game though. As a GM if you feel it is okay, more power to yea.
You really don't know what ice is....do you?
I'm surprised that no one said the TV show Expanse. Just add magic.
Okay, this has been posted like every day for 3 days in a row.
More power to them. I think he is an overrated nut job.
Lighten up, Francis.
I think that is better than most Humble Bundles
Did you rename it Jared?
And the picture is of people playing chess and doing a puzzle???? WTF? Also, all the people on their phones.
D O G. It is literally one of the first words you learn to spell in the English language.
You sir are a god among men.
I've been trying that argument with my wife for decades. No go.
Yea thanks....I just spent like a month getting them all to 5* and now you give me 10 shards each.....
Don't try. I've been trying to explain this to people for years and it always falls on deaf ears.
Derek Jeter retired so there isn't anyone to compare with Brady.
Um. Because the camera is there.
Well at least you got some sweet dead pet karma out of it.
Yet, because of my schedule I can play this game a lot more in a week then I can a PC or Console title. So, the price/hour played for me on ACO would be a lot higher than the price/hour played in a mobile game. Basically, I'm saying that you can't just base your opinion on cost.
[Curiosity (care) killed the cat](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Curiosity_killed_the_cat) was originally quoted by Shakespeare in 1589 [Curiosity killed the cat, but satisfaction brought it back](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Curiosity_killed_the_cat,_but_satisfaction_brought_it_back) wasn't published until 1905 [Blood is thicker that water](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Curiosity_killed_the_cat,_but_satisfaction_brought_it_back) can be traced back to 1180 while the covenant phrase can only be traced back to 1893 [Jack of all trades](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Jack_of_all_trades,_master_of_none) is a little harder to nail down because it has changed a number of times based on who was using it. First just 'Jack of all trade', then the 'master of none' as added, finally the 'still better than the master of one' was added. [Great minds think alike](https://english.stackexchange.com/questions/295406/what-is-the-origin-of-the-phrase-great-minds-think-alike) can be traced to "Good wits doe jumpe" but the second part appears to have been added later. So, once again, researching something on the internet shows that something on the internet is wrong.
Great minds is harder to nail down because the oldest version found seems to be "Good wits doe jumpe". Again it appears the second part was added later as it is harder to find where it came from.
Feel the hate. Know the hate. Love the hate. It just means that we are successful and people hate us for it.
Same. You really need the Luisa for the dive.
Thanks. I was actually doing this at work with like 20 tabs open so probably got a little lost in my cut/paste.
This is a very badly designed challenge. It hurts new players and doesn't give enough rewards for seasoned players to waste the time and mats on. I hope they learn from this one.
Definitely worth it. Bought the 10 pack [been saving up] and unlocked Girolamo, Ezio, &amp; Aleksei. Got Georgios from 2* to 3*. Jorge from 3* to 4*. Didn't get many Shakir at all.
This
No. The water is actually Supercooled. Meaning that it has maintained its liquid state even though the water is below freezing. Once you put the cold grape [or anything really] the water crystals have a nucleation site to start growing on and will very quickly turn into ice.
Exactly
Fail! His heels hit the road.
Never mind. You mixing up my comments. Enjoy your day.
That is the meat from inside the claw. All that meat comes from inside the shell. You can pull meat from the claws, tail and even the legs. The chunks you see are probably from the tail as that is a big piece of meat.
Lighten up, Francis.
I've always wondered who the first person was that looked at a lobster and said, "I'm eating that!" I don't know why you are getting downvoted. Your comment is 100% [accurate](https://www.geek.com/news/lobsters-really-are-cockroaches-of-the-sea-1614260/)
Please enlighten us....why? Lobster rolls are amazing and shrimp po'boys are the bomb.
I actually had a cat when I was younger that used to do this with the neighbors dog. So funny.
DNA is still there. This would allow infertile couple to get pregnant.
I've been seeing that more and more lately.
As far as I know, no. I've never brought it up to him. The thing is that neither of those examples go directly against a limitation of the class. His opinion is that Spontaneous casters are limited by their spell selection and just buying something to remove that limitation is too much for him. Why do you seem angry about this?
Just because the sperm isn't moving doesn't mean that the DNA isn't viable. One of the main causes of infertility in males is slow or non-moving sperm. This technology actually increases the possibility of infertile couples getting pregnant. All this BS about the kid being slow or stupid and shouldn't be born is offensive. Especially for someone like myself who went through 10+ years of trying before technology gave me my daughter.
Joke or not, it still shows a serious amount of ignorance
Dude, I didn't make up the decision. Why don't you find him and ask him?
First, what if it is a girl. Second, 'slow sperm' isn't typically a genetic issue but an environmental issue. Third, who cares. The goal here is to get pregnant for people that can't. This is awesome.
What? They are tired of being grabbed by the pussy?
People really like talking out of their ass on the internet: https://www.fastcompany.com/40571590/british-royals-by-the-numbers-what-they-cost-and-bring-in This is my favorite part: &gt;88 cents: The amount the average British taxpayer pays to support the royal family (65 pence, the cost of a stamp). “Consider that against what the Queen does and represents for this country, I believe it represents excellent value for money,” Alan Reid, the queen’s treasurer, told reporters last year.
Lolz you read the same article that I did: &gt;88 cents: The amount the average British taxpayer pays to support the royal family (65 pence, the cost of a stamp). “Consider that against what the Queen does and represents for this country, I believe it represents excellent value for money,” Alan Reid, the queen’s treasurer, told reporters last year.
Wow. That may have been one of the most ignorant things I've seen on Reddit in a long time.
&gt;88 cents: The amount the average British taxpayer pays to support the royal family (65 pence, the cost of a stamp). “Consider that against what the Queen does and represents for this country, I believe it represents excellent value for money,” Alan Reid, the queen’s treasurer, told reporters last year.
I'm serous with the answer. If you have a problem, ask him. I don't. I actually love the magic item. I even said that in the initial post. WTF, do you want to get into an argument with me so badly over this? Just let it go already.
What I found out in the last event is that score is mostly driven by ranking and gear. Just leveling them up doesn't have that much of an impact. So I leveled my guys up to the point where they could rush a certain level and stopped. No more leveling would get them to the next score. And since the bonus from the special heroes is worth a lot more than the base reward for higher level missions, I just stayed where I was and rushed them. Was getting +275% at tier 2. Much better that anything higher.
You're not very familiar with racist jokes are you?
Lighten up, Francis.
Hard to say. Every case is different.
https://www.travelandleisure.com/travel-news/how-much-money-royal-wedding-will-bring-to-uk
And the British government has complete control of those funds and have many times voted on how much to put into the fund. Hence the reason why it was up this year for the wedding. Again, stop thinking like a child.
*worse Get a life.
Wow. I'm done with you idiots. It's amazes me that you morons can see something wrong with this when all I see is the miracle that it is. You really need to find what you need to make yourself happy, because there is something wrong with you.
Man, you are a sad little man.
Yea. I forgot how big this dungeon was. Little tiring after all the work they did in camp.
What level are you? I don't think you need to worry. Eventually you will hit the cap on everything and it will even out.
That was a good one to spend helix on.
One of my all time favorite Jim Carrey scenes.
Fuck, George. There goes the neighborhood.
Nice try, skippy. The technology to give birth. Last time I checked that was the underlining goal of evolution was to perpetuate the species. I'm done with you. You are too set in your little mind to actually understand how stupid you are.
I haven't seen one of these offers and I've been looking under offers every day.
https://www.amazon.com/stores/QMX/Q-Figs/page/D2162035-6728-4464-80A6-B664218AADE9
Little known fact. These clouds were officially recognized as a new type of cloud in just 2017. Last time that has happened since 1951. https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Asperitas_(cloud)
And I didn't get shit!
I don't remember which ones, but some of them go together like a diorama. I love the whole aesthetic.
I find that Luisa is all the free runner you need and is easier to farm.
You are doing it right!
Yea, but he didn't run for president touting his patriotism.
Damn we have too much free time on our hands in this country.
The people in your bracket are totally random. So it really doesn't matter. Typically, there will be 3-4 whales that are going to over spend to take the top spot. So ideally, you want to land in the 4-10 range. That is easy to do by only spending 300 helix once for a nice boost mid challenge. The key is only unlock the missions where you can rush it with your challenge bonus characters. Then stick there. You will typically make more points on those missions then running your best heroes on higher missions.
KS aren't cheaper than retail.
It's a contest against two teams that are out of playoff contention. What did you expect?
Their website is a little messed up right now, but just do a search for Free RPG Day on the Paizo site and you will find a bunch of free modules. I personally like Master of the Fallen Fortress. Nice free standing dungeon crawl that is easy to run and modify for other campaigns.
I don't have a good Avengers team, so I run Cap with my Shield Team.
Taskmaster as a boss for Mercs. MODOK as a boss for AIM.
Well, at least you are polite about your opinion..../s
So much easier to just smack them in the face when they bring the game up.
I figured the OP should know after putting in SIB?
I prefer to keep my MM in my hero brawler team, so Punisher all the way.
But at least it is a team that is in the playoffs.
My favorite is that he is so concerned about border security but the 1 branch of the military that isn't getting paid right now, the Coast Guard, is the number 1 line of defense for our borders.
Fresa Suicide
Whenever we've had a good run game we've always had 2 backs. One to run it from 1-40 and then 40-1. This would be the main back and used when you really need to get out from your own endzone or into the other endzone. Then we need someone to spell them between the 40s. A good back that can keep the chains moving and catch a few out of the backfield.
No
WTF would you let your cat get near that burning candle? Yea you got lucky it only put out the flame, but there is so many ways that this could have gone wrong and most of those involve hurting the cat. You're an effing idiot.
To piggyback on this. If you are looking for more of a combat oracle, go Oradin and after 4 levels of Life Oracle go all Paladin. If you want more of a pure caster, go with Pei Zin.
Money is cheap. Always promote if the game is going to give you free shards for a hero. In fact to make rushing missions better, I also always give everyone at least tier 1 weapons and level them to 11 in case they need some tier 2. It's cheap and once you do it, you don't have to think about it again.
What? I don't want my cat knocking over a burning candle? Or maybe getting melted wax on the table or the cat itself? I wouldn't let my 3 1/2 year old daughter this close to a lit candle. WTF would you let a cat you have even less control over?
I have over 300 shards for this useless POS. Never ranked him up once.
Of course it wouldn't kill it. But guess what, I don't want my animals or children knowing about pain they don't have to learn first hand. What do you just hand kids pennies and tell them to put them in light sockets? Or hey Johnny, isn't that bright red coil on the stove pretty? Why don't you touch it. Look, I let my daughter learn from her mistakes, but I'm not going to let her get injured just to learn something. You're an idiot also.
Yea, but the current output is higher than the demand. It makes no sense trying to push us in to using even more coal when we don't need it.
Oh....and you are wrong: https://www.worldatlas.com/articles/15-countries-most-dependent-on-coal-for-energy.html
Where is the Brazzers logo?
Don't forget the Secret Service....
I'm pretty sure it is based on your email address, not the device used.
The picture implies that the two families are equal. That is just not the case. No matter what you think about the Trumps. And they are all assholes. They aren't murdering psychopaths. This actually downgrades the horrors that the Hassan's did to Iraq.
A. Utility over damage dealing B. Support over damage dealing. C. Situational damage dealing. That is how I see it. Personally, I would just go Reliable. I hate misfires. Edit: I forgot, Thundering is pretty badass also.
Mom?
If you're going to become true Horizonballers, then you've got to learn the five d's of dodgeball: dodge, duck, dip, dive and dodge! No serious. Dodge. All the time dodge. Also, you need to pick up the skill that allow you to load 2 and then 3 arrows at a time. If you are quick, you can load right after you dodge. In fact, you can even do it almost as the same action. So dodge to load and then get into position. Then unload on soft spots.
I actually pulled 12 from the missions and another 50 from an orb. Sorry, you are having a bad day.
Just a heads up. You just got to a level where your assassins can get new gear. Once you kit them out, it will be a bit before you need to start farming mats again.
This is where I have a problem with Shakir over Bea. The skill is OP, but only for 3 attacks. That is just not enough for me to use him over Bea.
What in the bow mechanism really excites you? I'm not saying there is anything wrong with your opinion, I'm just curious.
Looks like Lady Gaga
My wife loves that stuff. They call it Dole whip around here.
5 Guys
That is a different discussion, Skippy. I was just point out that your comment was stupid because this is actually not what you think this is, but actually a cost effective way of doing something that needs to be done.
It's a very cute rom-com. Like it a lot.
[Ali Wong](https://www.imdb.com/name/nm4399227/?ref_=tt_cl_t1) American Housewife: Cast Series cast summary: Katy Mixon Katy Mixon ... Katie Otto 70 episodes, 2016-2019 Diedrich Bader Diedrich Bader ... Greg Otto 70 episodes, 2016-2019 Daniel DiMaggio Daniel DiMaggio ... Oliver Otto 70 episodes, 2016-2019 Julia Butters Julia Butters ... Anna-Kat Otto 70 episodes, 2016-2019 **Ali Wong Ali Wong ... Doris 70 episodes, 2016-2019 **
LOUD NOISES!
Got you beat. I hadn't has a chance to play RDR2 for a bit. Finally had some down time. Looked everywhere for the disk. Couldn't find it at all. Blamed my wife for losing it because I know she put a Disney movie in for my daughter to watch the day after I stopped playing. Went 2 weeks, trying not to think about it. Finally, started playing another game when I noticed the RDR2 was in my Downloaded folder [I sort all of my games by Downloaded, Blu-Ray, &amp; VR]. Yea, she was a little pissed at me. I would have looked even more like an ass if she went out and bought me a new copy like she was thinking of doing.
Isn't that true for just about every job when you report to someone higher up???
There was no way they could do the story justice for me. The Dark Phoenix Saga is one of my all time favorite story lines in any comic and I wasn't too happy they were going to try and do a single movie about it.
Total Recall did it better.
What moron came up with that?
A little over the top, but definitely nice bubble gum action movie.
It's a brand new character. What did you think was going to happen? I hit 2m and was happy with the 35 Shards I got. You're going to be really pissed next time when only the top 1500 even get any shards.
Tom Holland? Isn't he a little young....and small to play that character? Wouldn't it make more sense to get someone that doesn't sound like they just hit puberty and their big boy voice is finally coming in?
Never go south of the sheet! Nothing there you want to see anyways.
Never seen one. I believe they are myths like Big Foot.
The best Pally tank/healer I have ever made was this: [Tiefling](http://www.d20pfsrd.com/races/other-races/featured-races/arg-tiefling) [Paladin](http://www.d20pfsrd.com/classes/core-classes/paladin) / Demon-Spawn Variant Heritage for +2 STR/CHA- 2 INT; Fiendish Sprinter [+10' speed for charge, run, or withdraw] replacing Skilled (You need this because you will have a slower DEX so will be wearing heavy armor); Light from Darkness [Corruption Resistance 1/day] for spell-like ability (because they know your a LG and will cast spells against your alignment); Prehensile Tail for Fiendish Sorcery (because being able to pull out a potion as a swift action is nice) Paladin - Favorite Class [+1 to LOH for self only per level]; [Warrior of the Holy Light](http://www.d20pfsrd.com/classes/core-classes/Paladin/archetypes/paizo-paladin-archetypes/warrior-of-the-holy-light) (yea, you lose spells, but become almost a bard for support) Feats 1 - [Fey founding ](https://www.d20pfsrd.com/feats/general-feats/fey-foundling/) 3 - [Greater Mercy](https://www.d20pfsrd.com/feats/general-feats/greater-mercy/) Stats: STR = CHA &gt; CON &gt; DEX &gt; WIS &gt; INT Also, if you don't care about doing a lot of damage, [Oat of Loyalty](https://www.d20pfsrd.com/classes/core-classes/paladin/archetypes/paizo-paladin-archetypes/oathbound-paladin/oath-of-loyalty) is great. You lose Smite Evil, but you dramatically increase the survivabilty of anyone next to you.
This should be in /r/WTF
I'd buy a sandwich from him in a heart beat.
Nuke them from orbit. It's the only way to be sure.
&gt; That is a different discussion, Skippy.
You don't want your Batman to be an emo whining sparkling wimp?
WTF is this going to start?
We're are never going to get it. I don't know why I keep 'playing' this game.
You might want to level it up some....
lolz. OP doesn't know what a yacht is.
Ever had them in both legs as the same time. Happened to me about 6 months ago and I almost passed out from the pain. Had to call off work the next day because I couldn't walk for 1/2 a day afterwards.
You looking in the mirror?
&gt; You looking in the mirror?
Please push these on gang bangers because I'm sure they are novelty expensive and crap against body armor.
There was one yesterday? I didnt see it.
Yea, I pulled one of those last week. Very nice.
ELI5: What do scientist think is wearing these rocks down to these shapes? Are they from the water from eons ago or wind/sand?
STEVE!
OMFG, I can't believe it took me so long to find you guys. Go C-Bus Gaming! The best gaming in the country.
Only 3 episodes in and enjoying. Can't believe they are in C-Bus also.
Jail is always fun. I did one where they all started out in the basement of a church and had just been resurrected and now owed the Church of Abadar a life debt and had to work it off. Yes, I did get buy in for this railroading before the game started.
You honestly have never seen these?
1. If starship combat is too much of a pain the arse....just skip past it. It really isn't that critical to the game. 2. Know the difference between Stamina Points &amp; Hit Points when it comes to spells and abilities. Most only heal Hit Points since you can get your stamina back with a 10 minute rest. 3. Check out TheHiddenTruth.info. One of the best sources out there that will have all of the information you need for character/NPC building out there. 4. There is a serious jump in lethality at SR3 because that is when the monsters &amp; NPCs get their level in damage on their attacks. This means at level 1 and 2 characters are at a serious disadvantage. It's odd, but something to be aware of.
My only 6RS is AIM Monstrosity.
I get the reference, Skippy. But there is no draft, and there won't be one, for him to get the deferment. I'm not supporting the asshat, but this post makes no sense.
The Amazing Race did it better.
Someone is happy they wore their white pants.
We need something. I've played just about every AR game out there and even a couple still in Beta and none of them are this stingy on energy. Damn. First, there is no way to play the game if you are at home or at work. Second, you really can't play it when playing as a passenger in a car. We went to the park on Sunday. Walked for 2 miles (which BTW the game is as cheap as Pokemon Go on keeping track of your milage). In that time I was able to play 1/2 way effectively, but nothing like Pokemon Go. Something needs to be fixed. This is just unexceptable.
Making suggestions after a game comes out isn't moaning. But, you really think the energy situation in this game is workable for the future of the game?
Greenhouses are a joke. Little to no pay off and wasting energy to boost up someone else harvest for no return. No thank you.
/*Accio Ravenclaw flair
Damn that movie was stupid.
So I can call someone a Mother Effer for rolling a 7, yet again, in VR? Yes, please!
He could just buy a lvl 1 Drone for 2000 cr: https://thehiddentruth.info/player/equipment/items/tech.php?page=Domesticdronedeckhand
Most things will try and swim if you throw them in the water.
Wood is an Element for Kineticist. Matched up with Water would make a good Nature one.
Who cares. It seems to be running on a continue loop on the Comedy Channel lately.
This post is so old, I think that orca is dead.
That explains why it's so expensive on Ebay. Anyone want to buy my copy from the last KS?
In da face!
If I dont like a game, I'm not going to call someone out for liking it, but I believe this forum can handle some constructive criticism of a game.
I knew it was coming but I laugh ever effing time.
I'm pretty sure that is a mating ritual...
Then eat you. Shit you out.
The one on the bottom gets it. He wore his brown pants.
[This](http://www.reactiongifs.com/r/mgc.gif) is.
Make sure he has Power Armor Proficiency marked.
It's a Tuunbaq fron the show The Terror.
Pretty much any AIM team.
Pencils are better
I was impressed until I saw she knocked over the one cone.
Missing Taskmaster to help round out the mercs and MODOK to make AIM a viable team
That movie is awesome.
You do not cut off their whole ball sack. You just remove the balls. The sack shrivels up.
Your bf is an idiot. Teach that man to cook.
Chibi Marvel.....sigh just take my money.
Chibi mini or not
Best RB also
Must be a convection oven
&gt;too
It always has been.
What do you call it?
RNGesus is a bitch
I find the fire weapons do well on them. The only time they are a pain is when there are more than 1.
tl;dr - seek help
That is just wishful thinking by OSU Haters. Same group that thought Day was a step down and wouldn't contend in the B1G 10 this year.
Look, he had 1 bad year and that was mostly because the scheme was too dependent on the line pressuring the QB. They finally adjusted mid-season but then it wasn't enough.
They sold 5m at the show alone? DAYMNNNNNN
No offence, but are you really comfortable with the offense? I think, when they are working, they can play anyone in the league. But there has been too many games this year where A-Ron hasn't synched with the WR or Jones hasn't been dominate. Yea, I'm not comfortable playing anyone at this point.
Costco gods rule!
If you are going to give it tits, at least make them bigger.
One in the front and one in the back?
The A-10 loses a wing, it still flies home. An F-35 loses a wing and you just lost trillions of dollars and a pilot.
$46.3M and a service life of 40 years vs. $77.9M and still not fully proven to be combat ready....
Even though this is old as fuck, he did exactly what the Me Too movement would have said he should have done....nothing.
I own a Sorento.
I-O!!
The spelling is one thing, but damn the grammar.
Give them 24hrs and they will be sucking his dick again.
Only for the 1% that were able to unlock him....
They may not be a high CR, but [River Drakes](https://www.d20pfsrd.com/bestiary/monster-listings/dragons/drakes/drake-river/) can be a bitch if you are stuck on a boat. Throw in druid controlling them and you can really give them a challenge.
None
Pube?
My dad told me something similar happened while he was in basic training for Viet Nam. This idiot pulled the pin, dropped the grenade and threw the effing pin! Fortunately the Drill Sargent was able to pull himself and the cadet out of the pit before the grenade went off. My dad says that the guy didn't make it and was drummed out of boot camp in the following weeks.
My wife says they are surprisingly heavier then they look on movies and TV. Also, people just freeze up sometimes. A guy in my dad's boot camp actually dropped the grenade and threw the pin. No shit.
Sign language is getting crazier and crazier.
Yea, PS4. Driving me nuts
At this point, do we have to say that MtG is now an official American card game?
Oh...we are trying logic now, huh?
D O G It is literally one of the first words you learn to spell in English
Just make sure you don't use tap water.
I've tried using a netti pot and unfortunately my deviated septum makes it impossible.
It's your fault
Thank you Cpt. Flyover
That rule has fucked us so many times and they still haven't fixed it. I don't see it changing any time.
Ironman movie.. /dropsthemic/
I like the game, but I already have the big box and most of it doesn't make it to the table as is. Probably a pass for me.
Dude.....Wade had his head down and was diving for the tackle. they were similar. Still it shouldn't have been targetting because he was aiming for the chest/waist and the guy ducked. Same as on Clemson.
Clemson got ro.... Okay, I can't type that with a straight face. Fuck Clemson!
Ash
Everyone's favorite LN cleric of Asmodeus https://www.reddit.com/r/Pathfinder_RPG/comments/aznn93/looking_to_make_a_great_asmodean_advocate/
Please site reference.
What's wrong with a patty, boy? Hmm? Why not start her off with a nice patty? You don't have to go leaping straight for the lobster, brie and truffle like a bull at a gate. Give her a patty, boy.
Learn something new. edit - Got it, missed that this was 2e
Ditto. 2 weeks and still no effing banjo
I've killed those MFers 60-70 times on M3&amp;4 with and without lucky artifacts. Driving me nuts.
It's not a hassle, I can take them down in like 30 seconds.
I would have named it KILLMEEE
Really? That's child abuse.
And the is no actual evidence that I was serious about my comment.
Lighten up, Francis
7 points taken off the board and we lost by 6. Any other argument is worthless.
Bikes are cold as fuck in winter and don't do well on snow....
Kelly?
Are they new anointments or just added to all of them?
Stupid White College Girls lives matter.
I don't know why, but this is nightmare inducing.
If you guys aren't comfortable just jumping in and making characters, for a couple of runs, you could play the [pregenerated characters](https://paizo.com/products/btpy9ukw) for the Starfinder Society games. They will give you a good general feel for how each class plays.
No shit, but nothing is going to come of it until the Republicans get their heads out of his ass and actually think about the people they are supposed to be representing.
I thought the title was going to say Cancer!
Asmodee, the Disney of boardgames.
/write you an email ::facepalm::
Dude, it's a 3 year old game.
Flash is DC
Mantis is part of it. At least she is when I check out the characters I have that I can use. Going to need her since she is the only healer I can find on the list.
Carb balanced tortillas are a life saver.
I'm not one to usually complain about the casts, but I have to say I was a little disappointed by the amount of discussion before the game play. Usually when there is discussion the actual game play will go a little longer, but this episode just felt really short. Just trying to give constructive criticism, I hope I don't piss off anyone.
Last weekend we took it one step farther for a family gathering and made baked sliders with the meat....OMFG!!! It was sooo good.
We love them. Especially like to use them for hot dog/sausage buns.
Been wanting to go for years, but can't find the time/money. We have Disney for my daughter this year. Maybe I'll try next year.
A man drinks like that and he don't eat, he is going to die.
I don't do this, but I love playing blanket monster with my corgi. She loses her shit.
Pie pan?
Warpriest/Shamans are fun.
Sad part is that one is dead.
Now, some of that was because the offense wasn't able to sustain clocking eating drives with a run game.
Damn you kids are so clueless about history.
Kind of curious why this is on here. She wears less in her comics.
I'm pretty sure he would have sucked the cosmic energy from his heralds long before that.
Converted my wife from Dallas fandom.
Never assume a woman is pregnant.
Put all the cheese and more on that edge.
I hope it is longer or less expensive than the original.
Who farted?
Finally got the "best Zane build" and still having problems...sigh
So no change.
Just their adult tooth. It never came down. Ever seen a skull of a child with all their baby teeth and adult teeth.....it's insane.
Rubber handed.
Lighten up, Francis.
Google provides: https://thehill.com/homenews/administration/474854-fact-checker-trump-made-more-false-misleading-claims-in-2019-than-in
WTF is the interest in this? It's posted on here like every month.
Watch the Life of Brian
Why is it ironic that he is at the place he owns?
I tried to support you and the site won't let me
Groom used Stupidity. It was Highly Effective
Though I love my country, there are too many assholes here that would mess this up.
That burger looked terrible. The bun is a clear give away that it is just reheated crap. See how wrinkled it is. That isn't a fresh bun.
It probably wasn't the first time this wave went through
Super Bowl Flush
Go for the eyes, Boo
Just pulled 15 today.....leaving me 2 short of ranking her up.
High praise from THE disgruntled liar.
Plus he would be one of the stupidest testifiers of all time.
You know, because healing in combat is useless.
[cough]GM time[/cough]
A GM is going to do what a GM is going to do. Fine he does it in order. So he makes a huge force field that blocks all shots while 2 of them pick up PG. It's a story. You don't always need to roll play. Sometimes you need to do some role play.
On Twitch feed at work and it's been shit for me. 2 wins in 20 chests and one of those didn't even have any legendaries. Edit: Glad I bitched. RNGesus just awarded me 4 of the last 5
I have the weirdest boner right now
oh my god.....so original
Summon Dire Chicken
Match it with the Banjo and you are doing like 4 of the 5 damage types.
No Man's Sky anyone?
The biggest problem you have is that the horse is an intelligent outsider. It isn't some thing that is owned by Charon. It's more like a servant of Charon. You would have to basically plan a kidnapping. Not going to be with all of it's abilities
Nice timing. They just announced another 4 movie deal with him.
Actually I just saw another post about that.
I was thinking just the same thing
And you don't have kids.
So you are saying the only way to make change is to loot and riot? Sad
Best blocking running back if all time
Trump
I have more problems with Taskmaster's avatar. Why does he look so small and thin?
Found that in Civ VI today
My coach had a different technique. I'd kneel on the ground away from him. He would tell go and I'd have to jump from knelling. Spin around. And the block the throw. Damn that was tough.
Stalker much?
Cakes?
Yea but he is ranked 56.....in OT. 663 overall. I wonder if he can do a cartwheel?
I've got that controller
No. There is just a type of banana that taste like vanilla ice cream. There are actually dozens of different types of bananas. The one you are used to is more commercially viable. And actually is fairly new as there was some kinda of blight or something that killed off the former top banana.
I prefer mine cut with baby laxetives
Definitely got in his 8 seconds
That is an ass puckerer
Cya. Door is over there ----&gt; Don't need to make an announcement.
This wasn't done by OP. If I remember right this one and others were done by a French girl in design school.
Man after my own heart
This is pure snow! It’s everywhere! Do you have any idea what the street value of this mountain is?
And they basically sold him into slavery.
Lighten up Francis
/r/thingstonotputinyourbutt
LOUD NOISES!
That is a lot of whining for someone that doesn't play the game
If you have played enough, why still post in this thread. Just because you like to whine about things you have no control over or like to contribute nothing but pissing and moaning?
There is always one in every thread.
First time I've seen this with 3 supports
tl;dr: whining
Do we really need this exact same post like every other month? I swear this is the same verbiage as the last 2.
Only if they can put some really good and quiet fans in it. I already sweat like a pig in the current one.
Thanks now I have Dwarf thongs stuck in my head
You realize, that based on the signage, this is not in the US.
Hey look, kids, there's Big Ben, and there's Parliament
And I'm sure there will be a line if volunteers to choose from.
And somewhere a metal detector guy cries himself to sleep
Lighten up Francis
No.
I love how everyone loses it when this is posted. Yea, they offered the same thing to me and my wife. It's just away for the hospital to make money. Has literally nothing to do with the fact she is blind.
Rich? This has nothing to do with being rich. It really isn't that expensive. They offered to do this for my daughter also.
Lighten up, Francis
So it was just some random pointless comment?
Probably drunk.
Lighten up Francis
I liked it. Definitely a slow build hut I thought it started to find it's voice by the end of the season. I hope it gets picked up for a second season.
Lighten up Francis
Thehiddentruth.info is a great resource for character creation.
Damn. Can we go one day without some bitching about something in the game?
LOUD NOISES
Or the beginning
Yea, really. Can you stop reposting this?
Team synergy &gt; red stars &gt; actual stars.
You could if you put them on the field.
My stupid theory. Whenever a drift drive us fired up it pulls in a part of the Material Plane into the Drift. The Drift is Triune's Plane of existence. I think he gave it to everyone so that eventually enough of the Material Plane will be in The Drift that it will tip the balance and the two planes will merge with Triune in complete control of the joined plane.
That cat has seen some shit.
I bought 10
No space combat....so that is a plus
Also, since PF is based on multiple gods, most people probably worship many gods. The idea that you only have to stick with one God pretty much only counts for Clerics and Paladins. Since they get their power directly from their God.
LOUD NOISES!!
[The front shot](https://images.app.goo.gl/dsJ8yZXcHkGh7a1J6)
That is even sadder
You mean their alternate human form? The form they use to pass as humans. Which would be defeated if they still had fox ears and tail.
Then stop playing if it pissed you off so much.
Nothing is going to save it from a direct hit, but this would help against shrapnel.
Lighten up Francis
Do be careful. Don't lose any of that stuff. That's concentrated evil.
It's like my corgi when I'm giving any attention to my golden retriever
