Those don’t look quite right to me. Can you post a picture of the serial number? The shade of red seems off. Did you use some sort of filter in this photo? The sole looks like the new dunk sole not the old one that would have been used when these came out. A bunch of stuff seems off that I can’t put my finger on. For instance the thread used for stitching seems off but that could be the lighting. Stitching on the rear of the swoosh is a little suspect. Did these get reissued and I was unaware?
I’ve isolated a lot of parts of the chain and now strongly suspect it is that the DAP doesn’t get enough power. I can get one of those usb otg power data splitters or just wait for my powered DAC/amp to arrive.
The sculpting of the side of the rubber sole was less pronounced back when these came out. Nike updated it around 2010 or so. The ones you got are like the new style not the old style. Look at the pics on flight club or stock x of the side of the shoe and you will see.
The demand is there. People are getting a lapel mic or a Omni directional boom mic. Neither is well suited for the task. Speaker and mic positioning matter more than quality most of the time, just getting a unidirectional mic in front of your face does a lot. I video conference a lot professionally. Sound quality matters a lot. I’ve spent hundreds of dollars on microphones and related gear. Mic directionality and placement matter a lot. That’s what I like about your product. If there’s a way to accomplish that basic stuff while keeping costs down it’s going to be better than the competition.
BURN THE WITCH!!!!
Environmental law firm.
Wow! Best CRJ cover I’ve ever heard. Bravo!
I try and catch up on all the videos I missed throughout the year in December because of this, with my ad blocker off of course.
And the first one was the size of like three regular stores. The hat section of flight club is about double the size of the original flight club. Another consideration is the basement is MASSIVE. the older flight clubs had one basement level for the inventory but they picked this location because it has multiple basement level with really high ceilings. When the first opened the union square location what really blew me away was the basement. Part of what you’re paying for is a basement four times the size of most shoe stores.
Pretty sure this was posted by a 996 owner trying to hype up their car.
Only reason I know he’s alive is he cane out of the woodwork to support trump.
Apple ear buds are actually pretty good and very well built. In my opinion their much over priced compared to less known brands but you can buy Apple brand retail.
Especially if it has the turbo 2.5.
Yeah too many people here are so into our dumb hobby that we’re jerks to people outside it. I try and be welcoming and anti snob. Apple earbuds are really the best earbuds I know of that you can buy in a store.
How are you liking the v80s
How do you think they’d be lying in bed?
rule 43
I'm not a huge fan of the schiit stack there ae a lot of better options in the same price range. After a lot of research I ended up with a topping DX3 Pro combo unit. I also like the Topping D30/JDS Atom pairing. the ifi nano is a great option. Hard to recommend headphones based on bands rather than the sound profiles you like. do you want open or closed headphones? you gotta give us more. &amp;#x200B; The DT 990's are great but you really don't need to get the 250s. they are harder to drive. they'll be technically superior in rather subtle ways. I think you're better off getting the 32 ohm and be able to use it directly with a phone or computer if you need to. I use a dac/amp 80% of the time, but still like to have equipment that works with my phone.
I'd recommend HD58X or HE400i
It’ll mostly be guys like me excited that used c7s will be cheap.
Mazda is crazy good about warranty stuff. I’ve heard stories about completely races out Miata covered in mods and stickers getting their transmissions fixed under warranty. If you don’t modify your drivetrain it’s covered. That’s one of the reasons I wanted to buy a Mazda.
I really like the AKG K712's. I actually use a lower end, closed version of them in my video conferencing studio. I only need them for voice , and most peopel are talking into crap equipment so the $40 version of them are honestly more than enough. I picked them because they are very light and comfortable for long term wearing. I'd like the get the K712s/K7XX at some point but I don't need them. I'd recommend getting the massdrop K7XX's over the retail version because you'll get nearly identical headphones at a lower price. I think you will be pretty happy with them as they have a relatively neutral sound so they should sound good with just about any music. &amp;#x200B; By sound profiles I mean like how much bass, sub bass, and treble you like. One of the nice thing about the DX3 is it has pretty high power so it will work with most hard to drive headphones. It also has very low output impedance so it will work well with very sensitive headphones. Pretty much 95% of what you might buy. probably more. The K712s are going to be a little hard to drive with most computers and headphones. Your motherboard probably can but a good dac/amp is going to improve the sound a bit and then you know you'll be able to crank the sound. I imagine the 300 ohm thing means that it can power the HD6xx/hd650 which are 300 ohmds and hard to drive. THe truth is it doesn;t mean that much because impedance is only part of the picture when it comes to how hard headphones are to drive. getting the DAC/AMP with give you a cleaner sound with more detail and probably more powerful and accurate bass. &amp;#x200B; open back headphones like these are great for gaming because they have am rather large sound stage so you should be able to tell where sounds are coming from in 3d space.
The other day I saw an Impreza wagon with underglow and no other visual mods and was like “huh?”
I can get behind that
During this time period I made extra money installing blue LEDs into Nokia candy bar phones so I have no leg to stand on.
If anyone funding this on google the issue was powering the DAP. I have a DAC that has external power and it works fine.
The Forbes list is kinda bullshit hundreds of people pay Forbes to not be in the list and others pay to be on it. Most billionaires don’t want you to know they exist for the safety of their family.
It seems like the Korean automakers and FCA are pretty active online marketing. FCA posts and vote brigades here. It seems to have died down recently.
Breaking bad
The NG 95 sport combi looks great. I drive an XWD 93 Aero sportcombi and love it.
No wonder they went out of business.
Price only needs to be good for one person.
It’s the Midge of cars
The one I have has close to 300hp and AWD
My mechanic doesn’t trust vtuner. I went with brew city boost.
I drive a very similar car. The design holds up well.
Do you want it 31k euros?
You’re just proving the guy in this thread right who said the NG 9-5 design holds up very well.
It’s a brownish metallic grey.
I have it on good authority you don’t.
I ordered it but haven’t used it yet. I need to blow the dust off my PC. been lazy.
Can someone less lazy than me find a link to that?
Yes, but it’s 2.8l v6. It was very hard to find. Only 356 ever made with any transmission and any color.
I’ve made a lot of money on wyzant’s platform. I tutor something pretty specific. It would be hard to get new students on my own. The other tutoring sites that offer my subject cap rates at $30. Without Wyzant I can’t make the money I make with them. I’m not too upset with the changes wyzant’s trying to grow their platform. I’m more upset that they have fallen in search rank from first for my subject on google to third. I still pretty much own my subject, but I’m getting fewer students than I did last semester.
If you’re interconnects cost less than your car you’re into midfi
Peachy keen project.
I can tell you I tried ouymt a lot of pairs and ended up with final audio e5000. They have this nice thick bass and seem to sound good in any genre.
ITT: corpses
Most of my music listening is through a desktop DAC/amp so I don’t really mind. In the future I’ll either get an LG phone, or much more likely will buy a quality Bluetooth adapter. The portable Bluetooth DAC/amps are quite nice. I’m in the minority in this sub as a person who rather stay in the Apple ecosystem than have a headphone jack. For now I have an iPhone 6s and have no intention of upgrading. It’s a three year old phone and I plan on having it for at least two more years but hopefully four.
Someone here also mentioned ifi black label nano which is also good. It depends on your setup and what you want to connect to your DAC, and what headphones you plan to buy in the future. The headphones you have are pretty damn good. My end game will probably be LCD 2s or LCD Xs and I plan on keeping my dac amp combo. you can really go nuts obsessing over gear and getting stuff you don't need, but it's more important to do the think you got your equipment for, listening to music/movies/games.
Can't afford not to
I would go ahead and get a DAC while you’re at it. Having the sound originate outside of your computer will avoid introducing electronic noise from your motherboard. The syba sonic is really good if you want to add a mic like a mod mic. If you’re willing to pay more you can get a higher level of sound quality. It’s up to you and your goals really.
I hear good things about qain69. Someone did a roundup on here and preferred them over all they tried.
Consumer reports really liked the regular model and they are pretty uncorruptible.
Plot twist; that driver was 100% kidding cam car.
I’m personally planning on getting Adam T5Vs for my desktop setup. Get a DAC/headphone amp with pre outs wired to the Adam monitors. Gives me great headphone and speaker output.
Fuck... I was planing on buying one of these when my saab dies. The only game left in town for a sporty compact wagon is the golf sportwagen.
That’s really good to know.
Sound preferences are subjective. It’s hard for any headphone to be objectively better.
Shouldn’t a member of the “atlanto Mediterranean sub-race” use the metric system to measure his dick?
There are actually great buds for much less. My favorite is the qain69. I’d try those out before getting much more expensive ones out. There are buds that cost several hundred that are great but I’m not sure about $100.
This takes me way back. My mom worked for Pepsi in the Diet Pepsi, crystal Pepsi era. We were part of early market research and my town was in one of the test markets. I was really in to it as a kid. At the time Snapple also had a line of old fashioned sodas without Carmel coloring. Very few people remember this. It’s incredibly difficult even finding pictures of it online. It was a very 90s thing.
And many would argue the golf is a porker of a hatchback.
The Miata is really the exception to the rule when it comes to weight and size.
R/headphoneadvice
If memory serves me correctly VOB has the same mash bill as Elmer T Lee. I still prefer EW even though I like Elmer a lot.
Looks pretty good http://www.thephonograph.net/fiio-k3-review/ “FiiO is rocking the amplifier, Music Player, DAC and Bluetooth transmitter market with their latest releases (FiiO M9, FiiO M3K, FiiO BTR3) and their budget-friendly prices. The overall results of our tests revealed a little beast of an amp for a few bucks, a remarkable upgrade from the FiiO E10K and FiiO E10 with improved specs such as: decoding capability of up to 384kHz/32-bit, DSD256, 320mW of output power, ADC volume control, additional 2.5mm balanced output, +6dB of bass boost, etc. The FiiO K3 offers one of the best affordable bang for buck Amp/DAC combo to date and is, yet, another great example of how much FiiO can pack at affordable prices – without leaving out specs nor performance.”
Wow. That rear visibility is a killer.
&gt;I'd return these and try the K240. About 75% more expensive and less comfortable. I just picked up the K92s from amazon for $40. the K240s are close to $70 on amazon now. Tis would be like telling someone who bought the HE400i that they should have bought the LCD 2.
KZ headphones are no slouch either
An entry level setup so good you may never want to upgrade.
Rest in pieces
Can you folder a copper wire as a patch? Should be a relatively easy fix.
You’re going to get a much bigger difference from an external DAC over the one on your motherboard picking up interference. The amp you bought is just amplifying noise from the weakest part of your chain. Add a topping D30 to see an improvement.
You don’t need an amp yo drive it. Not knowing your source it’s hard to say how much better it can get, but an amp isn’t going to help you without a clean source.
I love blue cars and I especially like this blue.
Imagine if they used the Camry’s V6. 300 HP and rock solid reliability. I know it’s heavy but who cares.
Yes. It’s not a representative sample. If he worked in an independant garage he could compare the Subaru’s he sees to a counter factual of other brands.
Hot take: the m40x at regular price is a better deal than most headphones on sale.
I wouldn’t want noise canceling headphones prices at $100. I rather have good $100 headphones like m40x.
Sorry can’t hear you over this V6 with 347,000 miles
I grew up living across the street from him. I’m glad he still has big fans.
I too want to know more about the K3. I have a new MBP with USB C ports and want to move to using only usb for my mobile gear. Waiting for the iPhone to make the jump.
The only thing I wish it had was line in do I could connect it to my secure government computer that won’t send digital out in any form. No usb, Bluetooth, optical, or coaxial. If so I could have multiple inputs and out put to either headphones or powered monitors.
They have more rigid tubes to not absorb the sound waves
I personally recommend getting entry level IEMs which can be had for $20-50. They stick in your ears like ear plugs. They don’t actively cancel noise but they block them. They don’t need a battery charged to work. I have noise canceling headphones but I use IEMs on flights. Cheaper, easier to pocket. Space is at a premium when you travel.
Check out qain69 and ve monks. Both very affordable and better sounding than Apple products.
Wow thanks. I didn’t know this was a thing b
TMI think that was supposed to be a double space/.
Brainwavez hm5 pads nay have fixed both.
In ear is usually preferred for jogging. Over ear is likely to fall off, plus the pads will get sweaty.
I believe the xwd aeeos in 2009 had the same ELSD the turbo X had. The 2008 did not have an ELSD. the ELSD seems to have a lot more mechanical problems than models with an open diff. I have XWD with no ELSD and my rear diff has been fine.
I know this video is incredibly long, but if you want to see a slice of new york that doesn't exist anymore this is a remarkable video.
I’d say a fair price just not a CRAZY deal. Glad to see these cars still on the road.
HeavFYj i10 TWS Mini Wireless Bluetooth 5.0 Touch Earphone Earbuds Headset with Charging Box Mic https://www.amazon.com/dp/B07L4HJXJ1/ref=cm_sw_r_cp_api_i_47cgCbWPSG0H3
And difficult, any time consuming. They’re $20 chi fi buds. How serious are we going to get about modding?
I have a kz zs10 that keeps slipping out. Tried different cables. It was the IEMs not the cable.
I would put the super glue on the perimeter while they are connected. Doing it while disconnected and trying to connect is a bit risky.
I love Giorgio and justice, but I’m going to need a budget. I can recommend $9 headphones and I can recommend $4000 headphones. I have no idea what you think a lot is to you.
Yes, but many prefer over ears for long sessions at home. If your budget is $200 I’d personally get the E3000 for mobile use for $40 and the HD58X for home for $150. They are open back so outside sound will come in and sound will leak out.
I’ve bought several IEMs inbthat budget and prefer Final Audio E3000s.
Audio technica m40x
Fast forward to eight months from now and he has a $3k end game set up.
More important to figure out your tastes than get the best reviewed IEMs in your budget.
I’m using my HE400i right now. I love them. They’re a great affordable way to get into planars. I just ordered the LCD MX4 and may be selling my hifiman soon. I really like the planar sound so much it’s hard to listen to anything else.
IEMs with earmuffs
I would go jabra 65t
I haven’t used it personally. It’s a more premium product and should be technically superior. It comes with more tips and a fancier carrying case and a better iPhone remote. I think you’d be happy with either. One thing to know is it really requires burn in so if you don’t like it at first wait for it to break in.
I’m not a huge fan of truely wireless. I thought that’s what you were looking for.
From what I understand jabra is the best for the money.
NAD 3020 is exactly what I would recommend because of of the phono preamp. I would look in to the Sennheiser HD-1.
I'm suggesting the wired version which is less expensive https://www.amazon.com/d/Over-Ear-Headphones/Sennheiser-HD1-Headphones-Apple-Devices/B01MTB5180/ref=sr_1_1?s=electronics&amp;ie=UTF8&amp;qid=1545181408&amp;sr=1-1&amp;keywords=wired%2Bhd1%2Bmomentum%2B2&amp;th=1 They fit the bill. They used to sell for $350 but now go for $150. I think it has a sound profile you will like and will work fine with the macbook pro. If you were willing to consider an open back headphone I would recomend the SKG K7xx/k712 because it is incredibly light. I use a cheaper version of them on my video conferencing setup where I need to wear them for hours comfortably. to me they are very comfortable and natural sounding. Buying both the HD1s and 7XX and NAD 3020 fit in your generous budget.
You're welcome. Once you make your purchase let me know what you ended up choosing and how you like it. I like giving people advice, but without feedback I have no idea if my suggestions are any good.
I too have the he400i and had a similar DAC/amp shopping list. I opted for the topping dx3 pro to have a single unit. Audio science review who whipped up a lot of the atom amp hype recommends the dx3 as the best combo unit in the price range. The atom is probably a slight step up but you need an additional power adapter and rca cables. I wanted as tidy a desk setup as I could get. P.S. you should start listening to rap and gospel.
Topping DX3 Pro Headphone Amplifier DAC DSD512 PCM32bit/768kHz XMOS XU208 APTX USB Bluetooth Decoder Headphone Amplifier (Black) https://www.amazon.com/dp/B07KG9P3X3/ref=cm_sw_r_cp_api_i_HpBgCbN93RMNY You should be able to find it cheaper on eBay. I got mine on amazon for $185 shipped. I suspect they’re selling fast and the lower priced sellers can’t keep them in stock. I bet after Christmas it will fix itself.
I agree that liking lamborghinis is a super basic bitch move. But I mean they’re not car people. You can’t expect much. There isn’t another brand I can think of where the models look so similar. Most people like it cause it looks so exotic and sounds so exotic. It’s important to remember those people are the majority. We’re the weird ones.
Not in my experience but ymmv. For your budget I’d get 7xx from massdrop. It’s a rebranded version of a $350 headphone.
As someone who love the 911 T but wants something lighter, less expensive and doesn’t need the power, this is my dream affordable Porsche.
It’s not just that it’s neat, it’s really nice for driving at night. I don’t want to give it up and get a car with a giant glowing screen. I have s Bluetooth kit and that’s good enough for me.
Also it looks like legendary producer, Rick Rubin, is there. He produced Yeezus with Kanye.
Oh hello fellow combi unicorn. My only grip with the cup holder is with my radio when you plug something into the six Jack the cup holder is effectively stuck.
Even more satisfying is doing a highway pull with night panel on. Stomp on the gas and the turbo meter lights up. When you reach 85 the rest of the speedometer past 90 mph lights up. I love it.
Lol I want to adopt more. My combi is one of 356 with AWD.
I think all the current models outside the SUV look incredibly similar and are hard for most to tell apart v
I posted a video for someone else in the thread.
Because “born from jets”
Worth it if you want a great autocross car with a roof, back seat, and room for four wheels and a jack.
I’ve always felt like my meze 99 classics are like actich man’s version of beats even though they are similarly priced.
Maybe three months not really enough to know much.
Sorry bro
I guess I’m that guy. I got it in silver.
Part of the point of them is you can plug the directly into a phone or laptop.
That’s a serious deal right there brother.
Great article thanks for sharing. I just bit the bullpens and went end game but spending $1,500 on Audeze LCD MX4 down from $3,000. I mainly listen to music alone at home or at work. I can bring them back and forth. To have a speaker set up of this quality I’d have to acoustically treat my room and spend much more on equipment. Plus most of the time my music is too loud for my wife. It seems crazy to spend so much. My friends would think I’m crazy for spending as much on headphones as a very used car. To me I’m not worried. You don’t pay the price of an item. You pay the depreciation and these headphones, purchased on sale, will likely hold their value. The cheapest used pair is going for $1,900 on eBay right now. I’m not worried about losing money on these when it’s time to sell.
Not a dumb question. The dx3 pro won't sound dramatically different, but I suggest people get one because it's so good and well suited for many different kinds of headphones that if you buy one you will likely never want to or need to replace it. I use mine with a pair of $3000 and I don't have a problem with it being the weakest link in my chain. &amp;#x200B; I would recommend reading the DX3 review from audio science review where he is comparing it to much more expensive DACs and amps. The technical stuff won't make a lot of sense, you can skip to the conclusion and look at the graphs and look up the models with similar measurements and see how much the equipment cost.
If I can use this thing for 3-9 months and lose $200 on it I’ll be happy. However I expect to keep these very long term. Edit: I just called my headphone shop about the status of my order. They said audeze is running out of mx4s and they will be getting B stocks for 300-400 less. I got in line to get one of those. I’ll be getting b stock MX4 for the price of LCDX with the case.
I think they woudl be either $1199 or $1099.
Yeah, I'm excited. Even if I don't like them I will be able to make money on the resale, but I expect to keep them.
I don’t know. I should ask before they ship.
I didn’t realize they were the same. Where did you find this?
I find the final audio tips very comfortable. You can get them with their new entry level headphones that cost $26. It’s a good way to see if you find them comfortable for a small price and then you can invest in one of their higher end offerings.
I remember when the taxi pack cane out. It was when I was first really getting into kicks.
Surprising to me because the Q1II is getting bad reviews and the K3 is getting good reviews. I’m not doubting what you’re saying. Maybe someone who understands this better than me has a theory. Edit: looked around, lots of positive reviews too.
The i10 is reallybyour best option. Other option are larger better sounding truely wireless headphones. Edit: looks like someone went downvote happy but didn’t have anything useful to add. I wonder why.
Apple sells a lightning to USB adapter. You’d need a lot of adapters but it would work.
Do great to read brother. I ordered the LCD MX4s while they were on sale after auditioning various pairs and reading reviews. I can’t wait to get my hands on them.
People hate when people make OC. HOW DARE YOU!
Mind your beeswax nan
I drive it every day. It’s not *that* bad compared to the city or people tailgating you on back roads in blizzards.
I’ll try and make this happen in the comments of Reddit like I was paid by the Russians to.
The brainwavez hm5 pads help a little with the bass. Listen to the song grindin’ by the clipse to really enjoy that tight planar bass. Whenever I listen to it on planar it’s like hearing it for the first time.
There are a lot of good inexpensive earbuds like the VE monks and qain69, but I don’t know if any with inline controls off hand.
That car is bad ass but it doesn’t work for me with those giant wheels and thin ass tires.
If you have a dollar general around you they pay you to take a pregnancy test.
Both consumer reports and AAA recommend using “top tier” fuel. Gas companies that are certified in the top tier program have three times the EPA required amount of detergents and must use a higher quality detergent standard than the EPA requires. These keep your engine and fuel delivery system running better. I don’t care about brand names but I always use top tier gas or add my own additives.
Seriously though, the song is crazy on a set of plannars EQ’d up
What are your favorite albums/songs as someone who cares about audio quality? So much hip hop is recorded poorly.
I use a digital camera kit at work but my headphone shop uses straight lightnight to USB adapters to connect to usb DACs. For some reason this doesn’t work with USB C?
I try, especially in r/headphoneadvice. I’ve seen posts here where people get entry level headphones that they enjoy and people here tell them to return their headphones to buy something else.
Wierd. Kind of defeats the purpose of the standard. I’ve been hoping iPhones go usb c like my MBP so I can switch everything to usbc but maybe I’ll need many different kinds of cables.
I love my local audio store. I’ve auditioned so much gear. They’ve given me all kinds of great into too. I buy from them even if it costs a little more to keep them in business do I can keep auditioning at a local store. Most of the time they have the best prices though.
Its a high end sound card it will be fine even at high output. This sub is REALLY into telling people to buy DACs and amps.
You can also use fuel additives. I bought a giant bottle from amazon that lets you measure what you pour out. It costs me less than a dollar a fill up. It’s great for when I’m on the road.
the way I drive: 2016 Mazda MX5 33 MPG 2008 XWD Saab 9-3 Aero sport combi 20 MPG (worth it)
I bought from my local but their shipment isn’t in yet. They said Audeze ran out of stock and may be sending them some B stock which they will sell to those who preordered for $1199. I asked to receive the B stock. I’m beyond thrilled, can’t wait to get them.
If you’re in the market for a new phone the LG v40/v30/v20 have AMAZING sound.
Can you explain what the means?
The LCD MX4 weigh about s pound less than the LCDX. Part of the reason I jumped on the recent deal.
It’s more than that. Cats aren’t randomly assigned to people. People who like driving fast buy quicker cars and get more speeding tickets. This is what stats people call sample selection bias. I suspect those people would speed in a corolla.
You can buy from KZ Directly on gear best which has better prices than amazon.
You want a headphone amp with an output impedance of 10% of your headphones impedance or less. I think the impedance you’re listing are not output impedance. I’m a huge fan of the DX3 pro dac/amp combo for about $185 for less I like the origain or fiio k3 if your budget is smaller.
Any additional connector or cable will degrade quality. It’s hard for an actual human to tell the difference.
I like the hd660s more than the hd650.
If we made it to 2021 the US will have had its longest stretch of growth with no recession since the we have measured GDP during the great depression.
I put hm5s on the rings and snapped the rings on. No glue required.
I sold my 2014 Mazda 3 to get a Miata. Second best decision of my life.
Yeah, my car was fine in the snow, but every road I tried to take home was blocked due to crashed cars.
You could reverse the wedges so the speakers are pointed down.
I’m in the nyc metro too. I have to drive through single lane mountain roads. My detour was blocked. I got home on”snake hill road” it had one turn in it that was like that crazy turn at logins seca. I was going up it praying no one was going down at speed. As I crept up the hill in my cheap all season at the end of their life I saw headlights coming towards me. Luckily the guy was going like five miles an hour.
Sorry to break it to you fam, but these are fugazi.
Yes, but their balanced output is higher for the handful of cans that the Atom can’t power.
I haven’t used them but have similarly heard good things, but I hear they should be used with EQing.
You always make the right choice if you have confirmation bias.
I liek small comply foam tips, but the final tips are so much more comfortable to my ears. they're the same tips that come with campfire IEMs that cost over $1000.
first off nice username. I like the cut of your jib. you don't NEED one. what is your source and how will you be listening (desktop mobile etc). I am trying to figure out if you are better off getting a DAC at the same time as an amp.
We all start somewhere. I used to be a pretty serious cuber. Now I just do it for fun when I'm bored. &amp;#x200B; Cubing is more about self improvement than trying to be better than everyone else. we all want each other and the hobby to get better. When I went to my first comp about 10 years ago I traveled hundreds of miles and didn't know anyone. I ended up sitting at a table with two of the best cubers in America. I befriended one and he gave me tips on what to do to be better. He went on to win multiple WRs. Can you imagine going to your first basketball tournament with no friends and getting pointers from Lebron James by accident? We're happy that people keep joining our hobby that to most people is a pop culture fad from the 80s. &amp;#x200B;
This is fun for me, a guy who doesn’t like brodozers or Tesla fan boys.
When I replaced my Mazda 3 with a mx5 my insurance went down about $100 a year. Let’s put these myths to rest.
If I was in your shoes with a tight budget I would get either the he4xx or the hd58x because they don’t need an amp. The he4xx is marginal, but the hd58x can be driven by just about any device.
For classical and metal the he4xx will be amazing.
You know his music is powerful when fascists come out of the woodwork 70 years after this was recorded to vote brigade it. Boot lickers, fascists, and racists if you don’t like this post some of your music. Oh wait I forgot, your music sucks. If anyone doesn’t know what I’m talking about, scroll down.
I would get a Fiio k3 or origain
Can you give me more info about this? My dad actually works with his estate. Maybe we can do something to stop this.
The cheapest custom in ear monitors will isolate as good or better than ear plugs. There are good models around $200.
Gran’s love is unconditional. She doesn’t have to understand to love.
The lead up to worried man’s blues on the library of Congress is solid fucking gold.
I feel like 90% of aftermarket wheels look bad and this looks fucking phenomenal to me.
The low end torque in the Mazda skyactiv engines is surprisingly strong.
I love this mustang car pool
Be me, drive a car the size of an A4 with a turbo v6. No compromise.
That’s one thing I love about my mx5. I can just email on it up hill and still get 30mpg. If you like to rev your cars NA is the way to go. You pay a much smaller penalty for reving.
We have a similar garage, Miata and a turbo AWD euro compact.
It has a thick bass and recessed highs. It could be called warm but thats not it. It has this magical sound that seems bassy but doesn’t actually boost the bass that much leaving music feeling natural. It works with any genre I throw at it. The E3000 is very similar but costs much less of you want to try out the sound at a lower price.
As someone who drives a Miata and a sporty wagon I would buy it.
Skull candy’s are perfectly good headphones for most people. We’re super into audio quality and a lot of subtle things most folks don’t care about. We’re the weird ones.
I got solo 3 free with my laptop. I sold them on Facebook marketplace for $160 and bought headphones I wanted.
They’re honestly not bad for $150, plus you can probably sell them used again for about what you paid.
I would use thick/slow super glue
Staten Island ferry dogs don’t want to work.
It’s very new and doesn’t have much distribution in the states. The new e1000 is only about $25. It’s a good way to try out the sound.
In the last year and a hlaf I've been working for the federal government we've had 4 shutdowns or threats of shutdowns. Each time we have to come up with a plan abotu what we're going to have to do even if it doesn;t happen. It takes a lot of hours of work. On top of this we're not getting paid and can't work. This is how you get rid of the best employees and keep the dead wait, waiting to retire.
Just send your landlord, electric company, etc three confusing emails about maybe paying them.
step two is saying the federal government doesn't work and privatize everything.
If you can stretch your budget a little the hd58x are an amazing value.
Do he listens to music while drumming? Does he need the bass to be really strong to keep the beat? What are his needs? I’m assuming you want closed back over ears but open back are what most headphone enthusiasts like.
Not the question you asked but I prefer high isolation IEMs to ANC headphones. Sound is so much better and I don’t need batteries. Easier to pocket for air and rail travel.
I actually googled it and it’s so bad it’s good.
A C5 corvette is the fifth generation of corvette. The current corvette is the C7 and the next one will be the C8 which will likely be mid-engined.
Considering the US is less than 5% of the world that sounds about right.
There’s actually a scene in Japan if heavily modified priuses.
An audio interface has a DAC and amp in it.
Yes those pads. You also should pick up plastic rings from hifiman to mount the pads to. Otherwise you have to ruin the stock pads. I almost got red pads and a red cable. I’m kinda glad I didn’t but it’s a fun way to make them look cool. I would personally get the new Sony noise canceling headphones. I think there something like xm3. They’re the best. Some people don’t want to spend that much but to me I rather just save up to get the best ones than spend 2/3rds as much and get 1/3rd the sound quality.
It’s very new. Stores are having trouble keeping them in stock. The reviews are universally glowing.
Also a really good return policy.
There are good settings on the internet if you search around. I've had good luck with it.
Because one person did and now it’s a thing.
I loved 911s as a kid. I also really wanted a hearse because I was a hipster weirdo since I was a little kid. Today I drive an obscure wagon.
As a Miata owner, I rather have a 3,100 pound Z06 with 400hp than a 3,600 pound z06 with 650 hp. However I rather have the modern interior. I find it hard to justify spending $50k shoving a LS engine in a Miata when for $20k you can buy a cherry c5 z06.
Auto enthusiasts that only buy used
Telling the true story in two hours wouldn’t really work as a three act movie.
These things weigh about the same as an ND Miata and have a little less power. A car like this is a dream car for me, but even if I could afford to buy one I wouldn’t want to risk driving the piss out of a rare classic. I daily drive an ND Miata and I strongly recommend people who love cars like the gt2000 do the same. These cars are great not because they are super rare unobtanium but because they are pure sports cars and driving them is an amazing experience.
I would like to see the Italian version of this film where an Italian man is making beautiful cars and has a passion for racing above crass consumerism and these obnoxious Americans try and get them to sell out and the Italians won’t so the Americans spend millions and millions just out of spite to best the Italians. The Americans celebrate thinking they now have achieved everything the Italians have but the truth is the Americans didn’t understand the passion and the art and they never will.
I completely agree with this. I want to add it’s hard for me to go from being a Hillary supporter in 2016 to picking an inexperienced man in a field with accomplished women to run against trump. That said I would love to see mayor Pete in the next president’s cabinet.
Can I be against both inexperienced candidates. I’m not saying Pete is worse than trump. I’m saying mayor Pete isn’t my first choice.
If there are any Bernie folks hate reading this I support warren and if she dropped out I’d switch to Harris then Biden and only go to Bernie if he were the last democrat standing. Warren isn’t stealing from Bernie. I support warren for much the same reasons i preferred Hillary.
What EQ settings are you using for your ear pods?
These headphones are about as good as mass market headphones costing 2-3 times as much. they sound good, but about $50 good.
Just cause a car is car of the year doesn't mean it is reliable. It means it's fun. Do you read the SI swimsuit issue and get mad that the model wouldn't make great wives? There are auto companies that advertise a lot more than alfa.
Don’t beat yourself up about voting for him in the primary. He’s s great guy. I don’t even hate him. I’m hear to make fun of the most ridiculous Bernie bros.
Horrible argument. If anyone were dumb enough to trust auto journalists we’d all be driving Miata’s and awd station wagons.
I’m sorry if you took that comment seriously. Check my flair.
If I wanted an inexpensive new car I would probably go for a Korean compact.
I’ll be working the phones for Bernie if he wins the nomination and hopefully complaining about Bernie bros on this sub for the next eight years.
The 1994 Ford Taurus was a car that we’ve forgotten but it was one of the best selling cars at the time and was pretty much everywhere.
I believe tomatoes are technically a animal.
Same. I hope we don’t have to do hard time with other thought criminals that are into “mainstream economics”.
If it does my prediction is he won’t drop out even though he wouldn’t have a chance.
I would recommend getting headphones $200-300 and then some day upgrading to something a little more than $500 like the aeon flows.
I'm curious how the Canadian visor brothers feel this compares to the wagon E63 wagon.
I'm curious how you think it compares to the AMG E63 wagon. I'm thinking of buying a used E63 wagon or leasing a stelvio.
I’d love to get one of these but I hear the steering is numb. You have the m sport package which is probably as hood as it gets. How do you find the steering?
Your move every other car ever made
And I didn’t even mention it has a H-pattern 6 speed
What’s more is we will find it attractive because we like you.
He ran for president a bunch of time starting in the 80s and kept losing. He wasn’t even a good candidate when he was relevant.
I used to ride a pedicab, a bicycle taxi. People would ask me what I really wanted to do because I guess it didn’t have s lot of occupational prestige. I fucking loved that job. I supported myself only working four days a week for four hours a day. I got to work out outside and meet new people. I set my own hours and was accountable only to myself. I have a white collar job now we’re I make about ten times as much, but man do I miss those days.
And amazon employees contribute a massive amount to the economy.
Amazon employees spend their wages where they live.
There’s a good indie merc shop near me. If my consultancy stays as busy as it is now several years from now I’ll feel financially confident enough to pull the trigger on my dream car.
Miserable fuck confirmed
One of the greatest cars of all time. We’ll likely never see another non exotic car this light with this much power and a stick shift. A true golden age car.
I can tell because it’s not tailgating me
He’s the Donald trump of rap.
It keeps getting better
Getting justin Timberlake vibes from this, and not just because you’re bringing sexy back.
How many stars?
So light and relatively inexpensive it is.
That’s the car they make I like but wouldn’t want to own. A lease would make a lot of sense.
I would be interested in a polo GTI, but I daily drive a Miata, do I’m not exactly a typical American consumer.
I own an MD Miata and agree the fiata looks better.
Who told my uncle about reddit?
The entire reason grand tour exists is clarkson is an asshole. They had to make up all new running gags because clarkson is suck a asshole.
Bose speakers in the 90s weren't that great. there are pretty inexpensive Chinese speakers that beat Bose from any time.
I wonder if this is why Mazda is pairing a wangle with a cvt for their hybrid. It’s a great high hp low torque engine.
You should use sensitivity to measure how much power you need not impedance. Different headphones with the same impedance can require vastly different power to drive at the same volume.
External sound cards are just DAC/amps.
The entire point of the whole moon drop brand is they are balanced. They make all their products hot the Hartman target as close as possible.
Don’t sleep on the arias.
I love Cleveland and I love the song.
I test drive an ND Miata for 90 seconds and knew deep in my soul I needed one. I even went in thinking it would never fit into my life. I’ve never had a feeling like it before. I daily drive it even in the winter when it’s not snowing.
And a new ND Miata costs less than a used e30 m3.
I mentioned it elsewhere in the thread but after I learned to drive manual I had my mind up I wanted a hot hatch. I test drive the GTI and the ST and they just felt like faster versions of the car I already had, a Mazda 3. I couldn’t justify the expense, plus I really like the Mazda interior and infotainment. I figured if I liked Mazdas so much I owed it to myself to at least try out a Miata. I couldn’t daily it. It wasn’t a practical decision but I should at least see what it was all about. 90 seconds in to my test drive I knew in my heart I needed one. I can’t really describe it other than being emotionally certain I had to own one. I read a dozen articles about it and watch a dozen videos and bought it a week later.
Well the new Miata is covered under a warranty for the first three years and gets better gas mileage. Edit: I love how your comment sits at negative karma but you’re comment history makes it clear you’re in on the joke and setting it up.
The sound is much more refined than the crescents. They’re a touch more baddy and less harsh highs than the kanas pros. The crescents are very good for $30 but the arias are in a different class in my opinion.
I saw it at the auto show in that color with bbs/Bren I and I ended up buying the exact same configuration.
90s car enthusiasts prefer the term “Rad”
So I have exactly this car with the v6 and an auto trans. It needed a bunch of work and was $5k with double the mileage. This is a good deal. Find me cheaper manual combi with similar mileage or lower and I’ll buy you a box of name brand pop tarts.
I would look for a bmw specialist. Also do some research and give them detailed information on common issues.
When Audi is your benchmark for reliability you’re in trouble.
fuck me, this is the best mountain goats comment I have read in my 15 years of being a fan. thank you.
Yes
I’m no McCain fan but he’s more than marginally better than trump.
I really want to own an e63 wagon some day.
I also remember all the tea party folks who insisted obama would declare martial law and stay past his second term.
This guy is getting hella laid never
33% of white men are secretly one person.
To be fair he’s probably firing them for leaking the results and humiliating him publicly, not for giving him results he doesn’t like.
If you put them in cages they can’t vote. It worked for hitler.
I feel like polling people who move to Austin is extremely unrepresentative. How many of the 60,000 Californians moving to Texas are moving to Austin? You could probably poll these people who are leaving the Bay Area for Austin and find out that a third of Texans are vegan.
These should hold their value quite well so the actual cost of ownership based on depreciation will be relatively low.
I currently drive an ND1 miata and am thinking of buying one of these. Based on the low depreciation of the 1 series m coupe I infer the cost of ownership of this car to be relatively low for such a high end car. I'm curious for anyone who's driven both, including and especially savage geese, how they compare. I';m also curious how you think this compares to getting a used 911.
I’m only interested in RWD models. I hadn’t thought about how limited the 1 series m coupe was. Thank you.
Someone. Reds to tell LS more drivers doesn’t necessarily make IEMs sound better.
I came to the comments to say this. Thanks for being a pedantic asshole do I don’t have to be. People will say they are “filming” something when they are recording video or “taping” something when they are writing to a memory card. No one else cares. I’m the asshole.
If you want to see something new shot on vacuum tube video check out the movie computer chess.
Licking doesn’t count as touching in seven states and the District of Columbia.
To be fair, a cloud DVR does indeed record digital video.
I had no intention of buying a miata until I test drove one and decided I needed one in my life.
I have lived most of my life in cities and I’ve never even heard of field parties. What exactly is a field party?
It’s important to remember that making MSNBC a liberal channel was purely a business decision. For years they tried to compete with CNN and failed to gain traction. God made a strong foothold by being conservative. MSNBC made the strategic decision to pivoted to the left to gain market share. If you want real news from the left watch democracy now.
As a Miata driver I agree. What cars does he think get it right? edit: here's an article on his personal collection https://www.whichcar.com.au/features/chris-harris-car-collection
I think as electric takes over there will be a renaissance of analog cars that are more about feeling than raw power.
Shit, that’s my dream car.
He didn’t like it either?
Crazy how they’re still a buck.
Make it two stickers and I’m in.
Rental Mitsubishi Eclipse SUV rental.
More fun on public roads than a super car.
I’m mostly into weird cars, fun to drive cars, and light cars. My dream car is a t.50, but the one I can actually afford is the t.43.
I love how they’re so much more upset at the dictionary than the inhumane conditions they are responsible for.
I drove a 911 gt2 and you just have to keep it at 25% all the time. Slow car fast is so real. Light cars with a stick get me every single time.
Should we believe a guy that got to drive it for a day or the team of engineers who consistently make the best affordable super cars on earth?
I prefer dekoni and they last longer.
I would check out the YouTube channel engineering explained. He goes into great detail about the science of different automotive technology.
Oopsie
Did I?
They sell more suvs than sports cars. The early SUVs sell for peanuts because they are so expensive to maintain.
What about curb weight?
The cars themselves are cheap. You can snag one for $10k. The parts and labor are going to cost you. Also they require pricey tires.
I don’t know off hand but I would recommend buying the Porsche buying guide.
They want to make the chips look neck and neck
In all seriousness I like asking people what their favorite movie is and then ask for their mother’s maiden names and social security number. Usually st least one person thinks it’s funny.
Yes, in a way to make fun of small talk. It’s a bit of a Hail Mary. If they don’t get the joke the date is kinda over.
That’s nearly ten times the Volvo 145 I want to buy.
Cries in r/Mazda
I saw her live in a show with a lot of big names and she blew the crowd away.
We would pale in comparison to Lyza
I would buy, but it would never happen.
From what I’ve read the z4 is much better than the m2c.
To them “never again” implies “to us”
I like it a lot. I use it more than my other IEMs.
I have to agree. It’s 100% a great car. I can afford one but I wouldn’t personally buy an automatic sports car. I rather buy a manual Supra than a four banger cayman. I still feel like the Supra is a lot of car for the money and I can’t imagine wanting much more car than that.
It's cheaper to drive a slow car fast than a fast car medium.
In high school my friends got instructions for making bombs on the internet and bought bomb making supplies on eBay. They made bombs and did a lot of stupid shit and somehow no one got hurt. This was before columbine. Eventually the government cut the children making homemade bombs loophole.
No such thing as too much Morrissey
I use it to describe every new 3+ hour poem. Is that allowed?
Want to feel old? Their big come back album came out 15 years ago.
Rejection is one thing but rejection from a fool is cruuuuuuuuuel
Honestly I rather buy a c7 grand sport than a c8. A Front mid engined car is a lot more forgiving than a rear mid engined car.
This Toyota stuff is an unconfirmed rumor.
EVERYONE LIKED THAT
Amy klobuchar has passed more bills under trump than Sanders has in his 30 years in senate including 16 under democrat presidents. Sanders writes does he’s complaining about shit. Klobuchar passes legislation.
He’s mainly getting sabotaged by an electorate that doesn’t want to vote for him.
Imagine being so enlightened you thought people who had different opinions were dumb.
I think she’ll be eith us for a long time. She’s doing a great job of fundraising.
Too late , I already ordered them, but thanks for thinking of me.
Mine is a 9-3 aero combi with awd. It’s about as optioned and rare of a 9-3 as you can get without being a turbo x.
Yes mine is a v6 but also is a combi and awd which carries a premium.
Sorry it was 10mm. I think I posted this on ambien last night.
I have yet to have the steering fluid issue, what years does it effect?
I’m pretty good about preventative maintenance. I’ve replaced a parts that fail with fresh ones as well as lifetime replacements.
I hope she appreciates it.
Yes, I replace parts that commonly fail before they fail with OEM or better than OEM parts. Some fall through the cracks.
Honestly I do t Luke yo refer to myself as an entrepreneur because there’s so many fakes out there. I like to think of myself as a small business owner. My business is web based but I really reject the tech entrepreneur identity.
I’m all for market solutions but it’s governments job to regulate markets. We don’t need full socialized medicine, we can save consumers billions with prescription price controls while not throwing out the current system or having to ration care federally.
What’s the advantage? Cheaper coils?
It’s so important to know the individual donation count is so important to Bernie stans that they give multiple $1 donations even though the big banks end up making more money on credit card processing fees and Bernie receives less money.
Humans are 3D printers that make other 3D printers.
That’s why you have to put a badge on it. To let people know.
We’re talking about it right now friend. That’s how advertising works. You got to start somewhere.
I was anti convertible before I had a Miata. I got it because of how it drives not the top. Now I put the top down all the time.
These states are a must win for Bernie. If he can’t win them he should drop out.
The Miata heats up pretty quickly. It’s a very small cabin.
Can you recommend some strains?
It’s a 20% discount and it’s at their budget model.
$201 Drew
Same. A little THC is great for me. A lot is no fun. CBD bud is a good mix for me.
The 911 is a beautiful car and the wing looks too aftermarket for my tastes. It would make more sense to my eyes if the car was completely raced out. Just my personal preference as a guy who can’t afford a brand new 911.
The 21st century we let big brother into our house only big brother is a tech giant not the government.
I actually invested my life savings into 409 cleaner.
But what if I’m also into Star Wars?
I love Amy. I send her money. I phone bank for her. I don’t think America deserves her but I’m trying to convince them anyway.
I never got the appeal of adidas Yeezys.
I love that peopel went nuts for the built in camera because today even a cheap chromebook has one.
He’s also leading in more Iowa and my polls than Bernie is. Reddit just upvotes the polls with information they like so it’s users see the polls the users like. In this thread people are saying he’s the clear front runner even though he’s trailing in the polling aggregates.
I have an Xs owner. My phone is perfectly fine. I would upgrade if Apple would audiophile features to the phone like a high quality dac/amp like LG or they added a lossless Bluetooth code. USB C would make it easier to connect to dacs without a camera kit. Apple’s not going to court such a niche market and the hard core audio guys use android.
As a guy who has owned a couple of Saab’s and a couple of mazdas I love the new direction Mazda is taking. I’m hoping to replace what will be my last Saab with the next gen mazda6. What I like more about Mazda than Saab is that it is more driver focused and a lot of effort is put into small details about user experience. It doesn’t show up on spec sheets but it makes cats great.
The tour x is bigger and heavier. With less power the power to weight ratio is quite different.
“Let’s rephrase the narrative” Of course you want to reframe the narrative. Bernie didn’t have the votes to win over democrats but some how magically he would have won with the more conservative general electorate. Bernie was wronged. He would have won if only democrats voted for him. You guys are the biggest sore losers I’ve ever seen and it’s part of the reason he has less support this primary than he did four years ago.
Many cars are faster than my Miata but I have yet to be inside a car that feels as fast as a Miata.
I saw one poll where Bernie had a majority of democrat voters 35 and under.
He has one particularly good poll out of Iowa and I learned multiple times it is “the gold standard” of polls. Bring up the polling aggregate and they tell you why it’s wrong.
Yeah. I do a fair amount of driving in Massachusetts, New York, and New Jersey and this is a new maneuver to me.
That’s kind of the idea. This car is practically a race car but it looks like just a sports car to the casual observer.
Just leaving you a comment to award you with the attention you seek.
If I get this for my mother in-law my wife can stream from anywhere. It’s a two birds with one stone move for me.
I’m touched that something I wrote weeks ago stuck with you this long. Ford “won” the movie by winning dome races, but ford didn’t really beat Ferrari at their own game. ford can’t build truely beautiful cars that are as elegant and beautiful as they are powerful.
Exactly my thought. This meme would work better if you replace “mom” with “wife”
Not an SUV person either. I wish they would make a luxury SUV with this much presence. I know it doesn’t make sense for them but I like these genesis cars and am considering a g70 but hate the way the screen looks. It feels very down market and I can’t get over it.
I replaced a keyboard on my friends unibody MacBook and the build quality blew me away. That and a great experience at a Apple store converted me.
I have a $1,500 set up. Let me tell you, I consider myself a fan of music first and audio equipment second. My New Years resolution for this year is no new headphones. I’m just going to enjoy the music with what I have.
Sanders promised the actual records and test results and offered a trump style doctors note while everyone was enjoying the holidays with their family. Makes you wonder what they’re hiding.
Imagine how stressful it must be for him being right for thirty years and being surrounded by morons that won’t listen to him. No wonder he yells so much.
I own these they’re great. This is a screaming deal to whoever gets this.
The truth is the cranky old vote shows up.
Local bike stores, like dealerships, make most of their money in the service department. If you buy an internet bike and get it serviced at a LBS they make money.
I support Amy. I follow a lot of any people on Twitter. It’s a lot of older white women. I’m very active in local politics. She popular here with older white women and a lot of very experienced political operatives and staffers. She’s a cult candidate for very boring people. I do complicated statistics for a living. She’s very popular in my office. Outside of myself her supporters are the opposite of outspoken. If you gave nice things to say about her on Reddit a bunch of Bernie supporters show up to dunk on you. My candidate has less than a 1% chance of winning the nomination. I know that. But Bernie stans are working around the clock to make me never want to support their candidate. No other candidate’s supporters do this to me. I’ve had a few warren supporters in a very polite way say in a low voice “you know she’s not going to win right?” Yes I know she’s not going to win but I still believe firmly in her electability.
That’s my point. The Bernie camp is sabotaging their own chances.
Defeats the point of being compact. These cars are a really good balance. Lots of commenters have all these ideas about making cars better when these things are about striking a balance and being in a segment that sells.
Now you have to kiss
If Bugatti made a custom luxury coach builder interior and super car pedigree it will give the urus a run for its money. The Urus is new money. The Bugatti is old money.
Southern rap
The CT4-v and CT5-V are like a cross between a Cadillac sedan and a pony car. You can drive to work in it or your kids dance recital.
I think 100 years from now it will be prized by collectors as one of the last great ICE cars.
Same. I daily drive a used Miata. It costs about as much as a Mazda 3. People think it’s crazy. I think today sports cars are so uncommon they seem exotic. Really it means I have room for a second car. My second car is a inexpensive Craigslist Saab. It still costs less to own these two cars than say leasing an accord.
If you do enough cocaine everything seems disruptive.
Tidal losses is functionally the same except you don’t have to organize and tag your music library.
“Is this really life?”
Now you have to see if you can get Mazda to hire you so you can sell them to other people.
I feel like linked in should be Aron glow closed because they are such a popular work set up headphone around here.
Can someone explain the master chief thing? I think I was absent that day.
I had one of these. Part of the joke was john kerry was running with john Edwards and this shirt was made for a tour with john darnielle and john vanderslice.
Dimitri martin is a ducking genius. I used to see him at NYC alt comedy shows. He got around New York in a folding bike some of the time.
Thank you brother/sister. I'm going to reward you by giving you the worthless internet currency someone gave me.
“E’re body knows I’m a mother fucking MONSTER!”
She stole the idea from a successful designer and even used her actual clothes and said they were from the house of Gaga. She gets credit for other people work.
My cats routine is licking himself for an hour next to my face while I’m trying to sleep and then letting himself air dry.
One of my favorite albums is All Hail West Texas by the mountain goats. It’s a Low Fi masterpiece. The whole thing is recorded on a boom box with a broken microphone. I can listen to it in 24 bit lossless if I want to.
ES100 planar gang checking in. What what!
Folks, once again a popular story about research that gets it wrong in the title. It’s just as much five times bigger than infinitely better but it’s a sloppy way to talk about statistics to compare them at all. I’m posting the conclusion section below. This sums up the entire paper. When you see a scholarly journal link click it and read the conclusion. Even if you don’t understand the methods you’ll be able to understand most of the findings. I do this kind of research for a living. When I read a paper I read the intro, the conclusion, and then look at the tables. Discussion It is commonly believed that HSGPAs indicate different levels of readiness for college, based on the high school a student attends, and that ACT scores are consistent indicators. However, HSGPAs perform in a strong and consistent way across high schools as measures of college readiness, whereas ACT scores do not. There are large high school effects on college graduation such that students with either the same HSGPA or the same ACT score graduate from college at different rates, based on which high school they attended. Neither capture all of the ways in which high schools influence college graduation. The school differences are larger for students with the same HSGPA, which is consistent with prior studies showing that grades are depressed in schools and classes with higher-achieving students. HSGPAs are not equivalent measures of readiness across high schools, but they are strongly predictive in all schools, and the signal they provide is larger than the differences across schools. School-level variance in college graduation rates is one quarter smaller among students with the same ACT score than students with the same HSGPA. However, this still leaves considerable school-level variance, and the signal provided by ACT scores is much smaller than the noise introduced by school effects. As measures of individual students’ academic readiness, ACT scores show weak relationships and even negative relationships at the higher achievement levels. The negative slope among students with the highest achievement could result if people are using ACT scores to make decisions about students’ readiness for very rigorous academic programs out of a belief that they are strong indicators of readiness when they are not. Future research might investigate this further. Regardless, there is little evidence that students will have more college success if they work to improve their ACT score because most of the signal from the ACT score seems to represent factors associated with the student’s school rather than the student. In contrast, students’ efforts to improve their HSGPAs would seem to have considerable potential leverage for improving college readiness. The fact that HSGPAs are based on so many different criteria—including effort over an entire semester in many different types of classes, demonstration of skills through multiple formats, and different teacher expectations—does not seem to be a weakness. Instead, it might help to make HSGPAs strong indicators of readiness because they measure a very wide variety of the skills and behaviors that are needed for success in college, where students will also encounter widely varying content and expectations. Test scores provide more of a signal at the school level, with school-level average test scores providing additional information about students’ likelihood of graduating above and beyond students’ individual HSGPAs. For judging college readiness, school-average ACT scores would provide a stronger prediction than students’ individual scores. This is consistent with the findings and recommendations in Koretz and Langi (2018) and Bowen et al. (2009). The same pattern is observed with school-average poverty levels (in models that do not control for average ACT scores), which echoes Rothstein’s (2004) findings. These high school effects could result from higher academic standards (e.g., more college-oriented curricula at higher-achieving, higher-SES schools). Yet, they could also represent selection effects. Families with more financial, social, and human capital might select into higher-achieving, higher-SES high schools, either by choice of residence or application, and those families would likely continue to offer support when students are in college. School effects also could come from different peer networks, advising, supplemental experiences, or broader curricular offerings available at schools with more resources. Future research should investigate high school effects on college outcomes more thoroughly. This study was conducted only with data from Chicago and only with data from public schools. There could be more variation across high schools with a more comprehensive sample and different relationships. The similarity in results that are available from studies of schools in other places provides some indication of their generalizability. Studies that used data from samples that include 21 prestigious flagship universities from across the country and all public universities in four states (Bowen et al., 2009; Koretz &amp; Langi, 2018; Rothstein, 2004) all showed that HSGPAs are strongly related to either college graduation or to college freshman GPA and that students’ individual ACT or SAT scores add only modestly to the prediction beyond HSGPA, if at all, in models that include high school fixed effects and compare similar colleges. The graduation rates presented by Bowen et al. (2009) for specific HSGPAs are also similar to the graduation rates found here and shown in Figure 1. Graduation rates by HSGPA are not provided in other studies, to our knowledge. This research strongly supports the use of students’ grades in a formative way to guide school improvement efforts and assess the effectiveness of programs designed to improve college readiness and rely less heavily on test scores. The teachers and schools that improve test scores are not always the same as those that improve students’ grades (Jackson, 2016), and programs that have positive effects on test scores do not always have positive effects on grades (Nomi &amp; Allensworth, 2009). Reaching goals that all students will graduate college-ready would seem to require strategies around improving students’ HSGPAs because HSGPAs are so strongly related to eventual college completion at all high schools. Higher ACT scores might help students get access to stronger colleges, but the payoff would only occur if students actually attend stronger colleges. As an increasing number of colleges become test-optional, they are likely to be decreasingly salient for college admissions as well. States and districts might also consider relying less heavily on standardized test scores in their accountability systems as indicators of college readiness given that the relationship is not strong and not consistent across schools. In fact, part of the variance in the relationship of ACT scores with college graduation could result from practices that prepare students for standardized tests versus supporting strong academic skills more broadly. A number of states have developed longitudinal data systems that allow for the creation of metrics of students’ actual performance in college. The existence of large school effects among students with the same ACT scores suggests that if high schools are not tracking the success of their students in college and are relying solely on students’ test scores as indicators of their students’ college readiness, they may be misestimating the effects of their practices on students’ college readiness. Likewise, we worry that if families and college admissions officers must rely on school poverty levels and average test scores as proxy indicators for school effects, they might not recognize strong practices at schools serving low-income students. Measuring and publishing school effects on postsecondary outcomes would provide better information to guide families, educators, and policymakers.
I like to think of myself as a cat person’s cat person.
I listen to talking cars just about every week.
I would love a hot mazda2 as well.
I think you’d be surprised how many low speed crashes total a car.
To create a causal instrument you would want to use the same data from a similar state, ideally a bordering state, for the same years before and after the policy change in the treatment state. This sort of thing is called a natural experiment and it’s used in a lot of the policy papers that make a claim about causation.
Mazda interiors are very nice. They’re punching above their weight class. The new Mazda brand promise is going to be bmw level interior and driving dynamics with Honda reliability. I love it and plan to replace my Saab with a next gen Mazda 6, but I follow cars. Mazda is going to have a very hard time shifting public perception of their brand.
Automotive journalists convinced me to get a Miata which is a horrible car on paper. It’s a total rip off until you drive one.
Boomers are a lot more into joining groups and having affiliations than younger generations.
No, just the NYPD.
Because our country refuses to hold cops accountable.
Cops don’t want to make society a better place they just want to beat up protesters. They’ve been doing it since middle school but now they get a pension.
Same, my dad’s a law professor and loves beavis and butt head. he still quotes the movie and plays with Beavis and butthead merchandise.
The bullets are coming from *inside* the gun
I’m a Mazda fan boy and read a lot of articles about mazdas. I think there is a distinct chance the new Mazda 6 eith have a skyactiv straight 6 making well under 300 hp but the rx7 successor will be a RWD coupe built on the same architecture with a turbo version of the straight six making 350hp. I wouldn’t be surprised if Mazda eventually offers the turbo six in the Mazda 6 and larger SUV based on the same architecture. The way I see it if Mazda builds an RX successor it will either have its own platform, or share one with the mx5 or RWD large architecture. There is pretty much no way Mazda will build a dedicated architecture for an RX car. These cost hundreds of millions to develop and Mazda is way too small of a company to do that. I think Mazda won’t build it based on the mx5 because they will want to differentiate the products. Mazda is clearly making the ND a taylor made sports car archers tire not a modular architecture that is to be shared. That brings us to sharing the “large architecture”. It can hold a straight six. It have hold a trans and differential that can handle a lot of power. It’s a parts bin grand tourer and it gots onto mazdas line up and allows them to make a sport luxury coupe to fit in their new sporty near luxury branding. It would be a parts bin halo car. Again this is pure conjecture based on a dozen rumor articles I have read.
You should talk to some meth heads. They’ll take apart and re assemble a bike 13 times without sleeping.
Someone on r/trees turned me on to spring loaded bats and it changed my life. Anyone who uses one hitters, look into spring loaded bats.
As a Miata driver is love to OEM 165hp of lambo.
Even the regular e wagon is going to be hard to swing with my income. I really don’t need the power and don’t feel like dealing with the poor fuel economy. The e63s is a cool car it’s just not the right car for me.
Jeb was trying to carry that torch and he would have gotten away with it if it wasn’t for those meddling trumps.
I used to live in a pretty touch area. I’ve seen four plain clothed cops jump out of a black car and throw people against the wall. Some of these cops are fucking cowboys.
Modern auto transmissions make cars feel faster because they down shift faster. I own a 12 year old turbo v6 and modern turbo fours feel faster partially because of the transmission.
There was actually one black guy in that crowd. You can see him from a different camera angle.
NOOOOO! Bro I don't deserve this!
Wow these comments are a shit show. Definitely trashier than the people they are trashing.
I’m a fan of anonymous looks. The car looks clean. What I really like about it is it’s a great sports sedan. Probably second only to the gullia. I much rather maintain a modern Jaguar than an Alfa.
Is it finally getting carplay? Pretty crazy that in 2020 a $50k car doesn’t even have carplay as an option.
Yeah but the interior and infotainment on the Acura tlx aren’t that great. Lexus is a little more refined.
I was considering buying one based on the rumor but I really don’t like the interior and infotainment from the RDX. I definitely have a weird perspective. I love Saab and Mazda. I wish I could get a Mazda interior with the Acura tlx type s drivetrain. I’m not just a hater I really like what I know about the car I just can’t imagine paying the edge of what I can afford and get such a cheesy interior.
I think they made it for you not me. It looks like it came out of a video game.
A lot of the reviews of the RDX agree with what you think 1% is. It’s cheesy and plasticky. I don’t really get a lot of Japanese brand’s design language. The cars are great but the looks aren’t for a lot of consumers. I like Mazda and the German brands the most.
People are buying whole brand new cars to get car play.
In an era where every car is deviating you the mean at least they’re being interesting.
This is a rich man’s accord not a real sport sedan. It’s a great car it’s just not in the same class as the cars in your flair.
My favorite thing about this car is like the ND Miata this car is *lighter* than its predecessor. That’s a big deal to me. It’s not easy to do and most buyers don’t reward you for it.
The Audi wagons cost a lot more than the arteon. If they brought the arteon wagon to America it would be priced $10k less than the Audi wagons.
I’d be willing to buy one new. I’ve been shopping for used e class wagons but rather maintain an Acura long term. If you watch the video the Acura guy is highly doubtful a wagon will happen. I think even the standard trim car is nice. This car is actually sporty like the 90s era Acuras and not just a tarted up accord.
Buck Folton
Cries in mx5
I didn’t believe it either it’s what the cop told me. I merged onto the highway and right into a speed trap. I didn’t feel like I was going fast at the time.
I was riding a bike and I got slowly passed by jay z and friends in a maybach. Does it get cooler than that?
The dsg holds a tune without needing to be modified. These engines tune crazy well. It’s an amazing modding platform. You should consider doing suspension/wheels/tires at some point it sports it up a lot. You can use the OE wheels for winter wheels. I have a similar sized and powered wagon. These compact wagons are a lot of fun and no one would look twice at them.
Getting coilovers isn’t just about lowering. It will have a more direct feel and have better grip. Good suspension makes good tires better. The platform is very popular so there are probably good kits. Save up and buy a good one.
This looks like a good option. http://www.superstreetonline.com/how-to/chassis-suspension/1607-2016-vw-golf-sportwagen-bilstein-b14-coilover-install This is a good sweet spot of value and quality.
This, is a good boy!
He used to live across the street from me. I have only nice things to say about him.
I saw it in projected from 70mm with one of the best sound systems in the country. It was an amazing experience.
I went to a large public school and work with a lot of Ivy League folks in New York. I’m really proud of my accomplishments but I kind of get what he’s saying. You wish someone’s intellectual worth wasn’t what school they attended over a decade ago but their research output.
They have a few products that are okay but they are really a DSP company that tries to fix shitty speakers with software. The sound profiles are more consumer friendly than trying to be high fidelity. I have a Bose system in both of my cars. They’re not very good.
https://youtu.be/dQw4w9WgXcQ
I’m a pretty serious headphone enthusiast. It’s a common opinion that beats are bad, but since apple bought them the quality has gone up. I’m not a huge fan of the tuning, but they’ve gotten a lot better.
They never told him he was under arrest they just tackled him. This guy had no idea what was happening.
I’m in the process of buying a 2017 e class wagon. I’m a spread sheet kind of a guy. I think you’d be surprised at how inexpensive it is to own lightly used. The e class is one of the fastest depreciating cars. You can buy a 3 year old one off lease at 30-60k miles for less than half they are used. The thing about E classes is the hold their value well past that, especially the wagons. If I was going purely on value and not loving e class wagons I would get a used A6 with a V6. Luxury mid sized and full sized sedans depreciate FAST and are surprisingly affordable to own. The other key thing I would say is I wouldn’t own one of these cars without a good extended warranty. Owning a used version of these cars long term is about as expensive as leasing loaded accords back to back. It’s just a lot more work, but I like googling shit about a car and being up to speed about common issues. Maintaining a high maintenance car is fun for me. This is a hobby not a chore.
Serious bonsai plants are passed down after it's caretaker has died. Top Bonsai trees go for hundreds of thousands of dollars. It's a pretty crazy world.
The new 2 series is FWD. The M2 is like the RS3 this is like the m240i.
This is a very different kind of recession. This is deep and fast. The events are very different.
I sprained my ankle this week and I was too afraid to go to the hospital or urgent care. I watched some YouTube videos and ordered delivery from CVS. While Hobbling around.
When your lease is up you can get a straight six rwd Mazda 6.
I don’t know what you’re talking about. That was great and wasn’t just a copy of the original. There were a lot of interesting things done in the production if you listen closely.
I use statistics software designed for x86 archecture. Speed matters to me. I don’t want ARM emulating it. It’s a small market. I do t know if they will port it well to ARM.
I love the dreaming.
They’re cool cars. They’re basically sedan Camaros built on the new alpha platform.
I’m trying to buy a clean Current gen e class wagon (S213) for that kind of money.
As a Miata guy, let me tell you, the essential part of the current gen camaro is the chassis. I would take a turbo four Camaro over a mustang GT. That chassis with a turbo v6 and four doors is great.
Can you please share a wider video version of this that we can all use as a zoom background?
I’m being sarcastic. I thought it was obvious.
Why is this in r/economics? This sub has gone from a serious economic group to people who don’t know much about economics talking about what they think economics is.
If you started investing 15 years ago your assets have increased in value a lot. Even with the recent downturn you should be way up.
It’s about personal finance. I say this as a person with a masters degree in economics who does econometric research for a living. But what do I know.
I get apples aim. It’s just not a good fit for my needs. I have $3000 statistics software that is limited by the core. I pay for the four core version. More cores costs a lot more money. I buy chips based on performance per core. ARM chips are all about processing efficiency based on power. Apples chips run highly Parallelized. If you’re using your Mac for web browsing, productivity, and maybe light media production these chips are fine. I get what apple’s doing. It’s smart. And arm based MacBook Air would be bad ass. It’s just not a good fit for my work, unless the people who make my very niche software make a different pricing structure for macs. I doubt it. The software is really focused on the windows and Unix market. Apple is making a bold business decision. It will make them money, but some customers will get left behind.
This is great for the person community
