They're only that for a specific part. It's really closer to 1 in 1k
Can't you just straight up trade members items on ge as a nonmem now?
I have over 1000 for clues alone
On top of this, that message if you have a legend pet as a BoB at the ge needs to gooooo
It is free so, can't really complain.
People will bitch either way so, less effort and more reusability.
Slayer is every other mmos quest system and nobody complains about it.
What Fallout Boy song is this
They do, it's just low level bots are incredibly easy to replace so they don't bother to ban them. What they DO do is track where they trade money to (the main funnel account) and then the paper trail there when shady trades are flagged by the game and ban THOSE accounts. They'll also occasionally do a ban wave of the lower accounts, but as I said they're realllllly quick to replace so it's not very effective.
https://youtu.be/R9lD0G5AOpA?t=31
Not to burst the fear-mongering bubble but the RS economy will recover, but the abusers should be banned or at least stripped of the items they obtained.
Adding on a side point, they don't do rollbacks anymore because they create other issues.
Its been like 40 hours. Fuck that.
My personal odds are 1 dye every 350ish elite loots.
I'd expect 1 in 450 to be the dry mark for elites.
The hard part would be all the pieces crammed into the cluster.
Look man, if you fall for lures it's entirely your fault. Every available source of information tells you not to trust strangers, the wiki should have several articles about scams to inform yourself, and it's just common sense to not become prey to these often blatantly obvious scams. That being said, they should put a warning on teleports into the Wilderness that requires toggling off and another separate warning to exiting Chaos Tunnels because apparently people skip the dialogue telling them the Chaos Tunnels are below the wild and exit into the wild.
The moment you jump over the wilderness wall you forfeit the right to complain about the wild, they should start the wild at the wall instead of a tiny safe space.
A previously unproblematic event allowed you to basically refresh the 4 options thus allowing you to farm for a purple spot. It was fixed relatively quickly and is being investigated for action now. People like to bitch about it despite Jagex doing everything correctly at this time.
More to the point... why aren't spirits of battle a very rare drop from slayer monsters? Or at least something you can buy at shattered worlds for anima.
Osrs poh functionality was revamped to fill some niches that don't exist in RS3. So basically nothing is really necessary.
I understood falling for it pre-ditch days, maybe even pre-warning days, but modern Wilderness is a KNOWN area of risk and anyone who already passed the wall willingly is already playing with lit matches.
I mean, if you're ignoring THIS message https://runescape.wiki/w/Wilderness#/media/File:Wilderness_Warning!_interface.png then you've really asked for it.
I guess sorry they didn't roll out the party hats for minimal effort on our part?
The community as a majority voted for less extravagant, temporary content and more reusable content like these events. It's much better to spend less development time on something people will barely care about in a few weeks rather than large amounts of development time on something people will just spacebar through and forget just the same. This is why big holiday events aren't done anymore, people wanted this.
You aren't wrong but they're quick and to the point. With how spacebar happy this community is it's not really something to blame on Jagex, they did poll it.
100% not
This is just like the sphinx guardians of old
Jeez man, I'm over 5k myself with nary a piece to show; wyrm's amirite.
Actually you did skip Tutorial Island but, it's not much help these days and only exists for nostalgia sake. The follow up in Burthope is slightly more informative but also fairly inadequate overall. Your best bet would be some sort of newbies guide or at the least frequenting the wiki when you find something confusing, that is found here https://runescape.wiki/ or if you type into game chat /wiki *topic* and then hit enter it'll try to find that page for you and open a browser or tab for that wiki page.
Bots to fluff count on a phish stream. They pop up every now and then but Twitch is slow to get rid of them.
Put the tinfoil hat back on.
I second that Bagrada is easiest. There's a decent amount of space it just outright avoids so you can easily cut trees.
Because the playerbase proved to be too braindead to handle the power. Same with Runelabs.
So... is your inventory full?
Animal feed
Was it not a "there was a hit headed your way, and it hit you after you teleported" situation?
You aren't wrong, but that meerkat looked like a modern bimbofied beanie baby.
It's on an experience basis so it's actually not that bad in the long run, it's just worse than it was before because of overflow from the higher items. There's no good reason it should cap at 100% when it's 1 pt per 10k exp (except with the booster tokens), just changing the values from a % to a standard numerical system and then uncapping it would do wonders.
Nice bait; too bad gender is a social construct and these go by Sex, but that word is too risque for virgin eyes so they used gender incorrectly.
What kind of logic is this? "Oh you successfully changed it but you can totally still cancel it as if it's a change in progress." Bad phish attempt that I'm sure has fooled people before.
Maze Runner already exists
Look man, if someone can't /wiki scams and get directed here https://runescape.wiki/w/Scams then they probably won't read a thread either.
They might be related somehow
My condolences.
We're MMO players, we're already dead inside.
You can get there in like, 4 or 5 kills I think at bare minimum? But 10 -13 sounds like a better average if you're not used to it.
Pretty much any and all PvP is dead in RS3. It's not exactly profitable (DA is basically gambling, and nobody ever wins in the end) outside of scams and trickery (for Wilderness mostly). People "box" with equal gear (nothing but a polypore staff) and let rng decide who wins, when they aren't trying to trick you into accepting an unbalanced duel.
It would undermine the entire point of the totem teleport. Herpyderpy is too close to several of the slayer creatures to just slap a teleport on it.
Isn't Zulrah basically OSRS Qbd?
They were punished, let it goooooo.
It's not a short update by any means. They'd have to update every worn and held item, make sure there isn't horrific clipping and stretching around virtually every object in game, ensure it doesn't break animations in general such as walk animations, then do the same for any remotely human NPC. It's not something I want them to "just do" in a couple months.
2 is good.
It wasn't that good looking and I certainly don't have faith it would have been any better once modelled for the game.
I mean... makeover mage + lot of gp and or beans...
Listen there is exactly 1 place in game that does sex changes. And its the makeover mage.
It's more likely another fight noun type situation to appease the elder god Ful, as that seemed to be what the Runefest reveals implied we are doing.
Equipment menu. Switch to the inventory menu. This happens frequently.
If anyone knew the exact number the price would skyrocket as people would be able to more accurately horde percentages of them. Also, it wouldn't account for those on dormant accounts that haven't been touched in aeons.
Yea, you don't cook it so it can be used for this https://runescape.wiki/w/Primal_starter I don't know what kind of fool cooks it normally.
Higher invention will help. Try the potions
But it is an override.
Join a clan, people are more likely to be in instanced bosses or on solo things but clan chats tend to be populated.
Only if I get a lava wyrm mask.
Male pattern balding is a problem yes.
You could always do them in numerical order to earn the bonus chest, it'll passively ensure progress.
Mvp this week is charm imp picks up spirit gems.
What's a horse?
The hivemind will never be satisfied because the loudest minority is just, in general, always what you'll see here.
I feel that's an unintended side effect since when the pet picks up regular gems and even before if it picked up spirit gems they'd auto-bag. Hopefully, this glitch is remedied next week as I'm sure it's not a huge deal.
How is War's Retreat a QoL update?
This has been known for months now and isn't even that bad compared to say, the blessed flask.
The point is so we DON'T have a cape that is BIS for all 3 styles.
Maybe it wasn't a good meme?
You have to unlock things with War points so, it's effectively encouraging people to get into bossing. That is the point of the area. The group grounds couldn't be made yet since they're releasing this early with the primary parts per popular demand and because of the pushback of Archeology but is still a work in progress, will probably see the wonky group system reworked in general, and the garden display area is admittedly an unnecessary but not unwanted addition.
July had Anachronia, then August was a low key month, September was supposed to be the weapon diversity update but that got scrapped by community feedback and they did not have a backup, October is RuneFest month so it's always planned dry month due to so many mods being out of the office or busy with that (and they took community vote to do less temporary, one-off events and didn't do a H'ween thing so it seemed dryer than other Octobers), November got the Herb and Farm update, December is dry month like October due to holidays and of course, the same lack of an event problem happened but, again, the majority voted for a preference not to do temporary, unreusable event formats that wouldn't add permanent things like Violet is Blue. Now as for January they did INTEND Archeology to be ready by month's end, but they gave us justification for why it got pushed back; hopefully, this is only a pushback till the end of February or early March (which seems likely if they still do the February dexp weekend) but it is to be seen how that'll pan out. It wasn't an ideal last 6 months, but there's literally 100s of hours worth of other content to do in game to keep people busy, hell I'm Trim with near maxed RuneScore and even I have stuff on my to-do list still that has padded out the last few months.
Bring a ring of fortune for the teleports, RoW if you're cheap but tbh I use the RoF because it has no charge system. This is crucial for escaping pkers because most of the cave is sub 30 wild and thus the ring works there. Also, invest in 100s of the enchanted diamond bracelet, it prevents all damage from revs for 1 minute per charge.
If you don't mind recharging every 4 pk escapes RoW is the go to since it's right click gone as to having to swap items for the sword or navigate menus.
If they're adding farm guild rep they damn well better increase the rate of gain because of needing around 25m experience, not too big a deal if you aren't 120 or 200m yet but that's a chunky exp amount for what's basically two worthless perks (the last two specifically) overall.
Because the old system was effectively stonewalled in terms of mechanic diversity and progression. Look at OSRS now, most bosses are a combination of prayer flicking and walking and gear is stagnating because going forward the wrong way will create an intense power creep; their equipment stagnates around the mid-SEVENTIES and it's already a concern. EoC isn't perfect, and it certainly wasn't ideal for everyone on launch without the option of Revo and Legacy but it IS an improvement as far as progression goes and is able to be improved as time marches onward. OSRS and RS3 aren't split due to combat, they're split because some people still find pride in the sheer grind of OSRS compared to the still existent but different sheer grind of RS3... Also, OSRS is absolutely littered with bots to the point they ban 1000s per week, so their bloated numbers aren't truly indicative.
Isn't that a woman?
It wasn't even a problem months ago people just bitched a lot more because that's what this subreddit is. There was an unfortunate but explained drought of content due to the Diversity update being canned followed by Runefest but that did little to curb the complaints tide because MTX was unhindered by schedule problems due to being a different team altogether.
Generally the substyle weakness is meaningless, and I believe its double their combat level.
1. Yes, browser support basically died years ago. 2. It's more social in a clan chat or around some choice worlds with specific activities, but most people funnel into clans. 3. Outside of some bosses kiting isn't really necessary. Things will either not move towards you (magic or range users) or it won't be a problem even if they do. 4. The Summoning skill does this. 5. Production skills aren't really necessary for anything other than quest requirements and some tasks. I personally recommend at least doing all quests and area tasks (formerly achievement diaries) for their unlocks. 6. See 2. But it's generally mostly solo with the option to group up or at least duo for most things.
*rebalance
Nerf has negative connotation.
There really is no reason these work differently than the other enhancement items. Jeez would it have been tedious to have 59 unused nonstacking booster tokens for Cwars in the bank way back when.
Considering there is virtually zero requirement to unlock SS that's pretty much on you. There's a reason it and DS are staple abilities.
I'd have split chitin to brutish, feather to ripper, pipe to feral, and fins to venomous with boots working how they do now, as each dino drops boots at a unique rate.
They ate the person who was wearing them. Rip
It's odd this isn't like... botted more. If they work the same way they did in the past if you synchronize everyone to click it about the same time then everyone that clicks one gets a tuber.
Please, shatter it. Put it out of its misery.
If it was February that might get pushed back due to Archeology being pushed back. I'd assume it's all hands on deck until that's ready.
I'm just hoping they balance elite dungeons, kiln, and fight cave to assume the average completion time for solo.
Final boss but it constantly flashes rainbow colors and somehow has its own particle address.
This sounds the most logical title to golden for the purpose.
A glassblowing pipe and some butter?
It's odd it let you even touch the option without 99 slayer, which is apparently a requirement.
At least it's not just another sword user.
They need to at least be floor priced over 50k. As is they don't lootbeam reasonably
How exactly was that supposed to work?
But this wasn't the quest that introduced the concept of bottle quests
If only wish bushes weren't abused and then deleted.
The real problem is quest content isn't content that really pulls people in, as evident by the sheer majority that spacebars through. It's a shame but that's pretty much the reason why they don't do quests more often.
It has been my headcanon that The Raptor is secretly Hans all along.
If the average person that falls for scams had a shred of common sense against scams in the first place perhaps. Like, it's a small iota of effort to do some basic research into a claim or, in most cases, just /wiki scams.
Depending on which dinosaur it'd be 1/1500 (for any of the 4 pieces) or 1/6000 (for that specific piece) multiplied by 1/2k, 1/3k, or 1/4k if on task.
Could AFK thaler for all the pets tbh. Soul Wars just has no actual rewards that are interesting, a shame since it technically has a permanent unlock tied to X number of wins in the minigame hybrid armour sets.
Levels higher than 99 don't affect it so you still have to lower them, but yes it would make more sense to be 121 if they wanted to be logical.
He's got that #dadbod
As if spacebar mindset doesn't plague both games.
They were the biggest losses to Invention's shakey existence.
It felt that way even more because it loops into the current main story arc by virtue of reintroducing Charos into the mainstream. Classic RS quests that weren't just thinly veiled fairy tales or Monty Python and British lore references tended to snowball into the greater questlines in unexpected ways.
*handwiggle* It's a lower-high req
Long story short, quests take a long time to develop but the player time spent in the quests is low and the player interaction and investment in quest content is much lower than that of other content. So from a financial standpoint quest content is relatively wasted effort when they can do say, an elite dungeon that also has lore content comparable to that of a quest AND is repeatable content that players can engage in. None of these problems are helped by spacebar questers. I'm not condemning repeat questers as I myself have done quest cape on my 3 accounts and the two repeat ones were speed ran but first time quest goers should at least try to be invested in the story a little...
I mean, that hasn't seemed to be a criteria for certain top novels.
With max elite spawn boosts it's around 1 elite every 10 kills, and it's 1 in 750 off elites. The bows are 1 in 1500 off elites, so one would be likely to have both by 15k total before they could be considered dry.
What are gargoyles but stone aviansies? That is odd though.
If they follow trend there will be a dexp in February towards the end. With this in mind I would wager that we will get Archeology in early March so it won't conflict with dexp weekend/week.
Tbh I'd rather the elite mobs that also have masks have a chance to drop spirit of battle.
Then get over it? They're utility items not Pokemon cards.
One takes actual effort and skill while the other takes afking GWD bosses so its not a fair comparison.
The gritty but more honest Adult Swim version.
Hit up the Alright clan's chat. They are the Achievement Help clan and should have someone able to help.
Got a good head on you- oh...
They did at least eschew any responsibility for mass genocide prior to Earth from Pink's hands due to that being her "test run" but there's still a slew of problems caused by her actions that aren't entirely forgivable even with attempts to be better. Her #1 character flaw was "didn't think literally any of her actions through thoroughly enough" and that's important to remember.
I can't really say I disagree. Ideally, they'd get the perfect medium correct by dividing the year into 4 quadrants being Jan-March, April-June, July-September, and October-Dec. They'd then make the 1st and 3rd quadrants designated times for DEXP weeks in Feb and September. Months with repeat events would be able to use those as patch weeks and minor add ons to those events such as the Wolves in January, the Spring Fayre in April (plus Easter), the Beach event in July, and then October and December have two holidays to always account for. This leaves March, May, June, and November as ideal months for big-ticket updates (New skills, bosses, etc.), and the remaining slots not filled by the other months would be used for quests of varying lengths, minor skill add ons, etc.. I feel this would be easily followed enough that nothing could possibly blindside them in terms of time allotment and it hits all the key timeframes. October being defacto Runefest month means they'd only need to worry about what they use as the H'ween slot and patch week filler. December being the holidays off month also runs into a similar planned absence which seems easily filled like last year but with some sort of more meaningful event. I'm not a fan of them making temporary Holiday-themed quest-events but if they could find a way to make them year-round but with perhaps "early-bird" content for the release season only that would be a sufficient compromise. Like with the planned sequel to Violet is Blue, I'd be fine with them building some sort of contained lore area around that that they expand yearly.
Counterargument; the collect 10k events and beach events are the most liked because they boil down to what the common denominator wants, a straight forward experience gaining event. I'd rather a dozen of these I could, if I wanted, buy the tokens for or casually gather the 10k points without breaking my normal pattern than nothing. To be honest, even quest-like events would be the lesser prefered depending on how well they wrote them.
They also broke the trend of September DEXP last year (albeit they did one in July I believe) so they could break trends.
Your Camel, Lava, and Dino kc all depress me &gt;_&gt;
Ah Teriass, my mortal enemy.
Check Diango for pieces
You CAN ban yourself from Sand Casino, by choosing not to go there and then not going there; it's called self-control. If you cannot do this step alone than I implore you to seek professional help in the real world because it underlines a problem deeper than a game.
Nono, the attic is irrelevant to the guild as it's just for a teleport they could have just as easily put on the ground floor. The guild is the 3 people standing on the farm loosely giving "tasks" for a badly balanced rep system (25m+ for max rep for virtually nothing beneficial after the first 3-4m) and the machine that I'm not 100% sure is worth using due to how it looks. The additional three tree spots at the farm don't really add to the area as a "guild" nor do the perks really add much, plus a nitpick of mine is they didn't award bonus reputation for finishing breeding logs either individually by animal or as a set by location; honestly, it takes enough time that throwing a couple 10k rep boons for PoF and maybe 25k boons for RooT wouldn't have killed them.
Afaik they closed all browser support aeons ago, but there might be a roundabout way if you have some way screen share and a home pc to link it to.
The entire guild concept is flawed for RS since there is really nothing to distinguish the non-quest related ones from any other location, except maybe the cooking guild due to it having at least one quest with marginal worldbuilding surrounding it. The Mining guild might as well been merged with the Artisans Workshop and call it the Metallurgist Guild...
And hair styles and colors.
It wasn't inside the dye, it was an overt chibi meerkat that barely resembled an actual animal sitting on a glass jar that leaked fluids. The meerkat itself or the leaking would have been half-assed I am 100% sure. Honestly though, if they made it EXACTLY like the image it would have been hideously out of place.
We really didn't need a 3ft tall meerkat that looks like a modern bimbofied beanie babysitting on a glass jar that more often than not will be leaking raw sewage.
They explained it's because PvM hub became an unexpected forerunner, so it shows they had intention just the lack of TAPP makes it harder to implement.
Nothing has value to begin with aside from that of which you assigned to it. So if you can't find a reason to stay, don't. It's as simple as that.
That's what I've been saying since forever. Only people who you actively befriend on a personal level really ever care, and even then it's less about what you did but because YOU did it and they care about you.
Now people are just going to put those under the bank at Runefest...
Top left, equipment tab. Turn it to INVENTORY mode.
Don't worry, it's extremely common since the bank update.
Armour is always dropped only.
You aren't the first, and certainly won't be the last.
I cycles different boss logs mostly. It breaks the monotony.
I picked out a long term, like Nex, and a shorter or more afk one, like a GWD boss or mole, to alternate between until I finished one and swapped it to another.
Now did they say development period or just not out of design stage yet? Because they do mean different things and the actual coding aspect for bosses and quests usually doesn't take all that long compared to getting the design part down.
I'd wager February will keep its normal DEXP at the end, so whatever happens in the other 2-ish weeks is a mystery.
Plus irons can't even use the prawn crackers on each other so, presumably, they couldn't even have the xmas cracker used on them.
Considering it's a dead spell for 99.9% of everything in the game, it's forgivable not to think to use it.
I want the entirety of Karamja redone and fleshed out better. Sure it's a jungle, but it's an eyesore compared to other such areas and has more latent potential. I'd assume the reason why it hasn't been fixed yet is the sheer number of quests involving the area and how many of those quests are from a bygone era of bad coding the likes of which could wreck the game like Ape Atoll.
Falador just had a big update like in the last 4 years even. I would like to see them merge the Artisan's Workshop with the Mining Guild into some sort of Metallurgists Guild with perhaps more earnable perks for Mining, Smithing, and Metal-based Crafting.
For sure, Varrock had its last big rework in what, 2008? It hilariously brought in the idea of "Kudos Island" which is what became our Anachronia and OSRS' Fossil Island and, at least for RS3's case, took so long to come to fruition that Varrock became outdated again visually.
It's sad because in an ideal world we'd use Construction and post-quest supplementary content to repair West Ardougne and some of the swamp ghetto similar to Edgeville Cleanup. It'd make the areas better, possibly add utility to dead zones, and at the least would give some worldbuilding closure... Unrelated complaint but we have done NOTHING to help the slaves in the Mining Camp since 2003. We go there to kill them because some Menaphos jagoff asks us to do so but man is that bleak.
OSRS benefits from the lessons learned with RS3 failures and can thus avoid them more readily. It took what, 5 iterations of BH to realize it's a bad idea?
For sure it has the most useful special.
Chillin
If it's just like the one with the Dungeoneering Hole then yes, they will be.
Considering these events have long since proven to have a player retention rate because free exp is a no brainer, they're considered more popular overall.
Lock it behind like, 1m or 1.5m farm guild rep.
It never occured to me that there is a possible unholy variant of insufferable college student unearned smugness that pairs it with law school.
Could have fooled me with it being basically the same people stirring the pot constantly over trivial things.
It's funny when dipshits know nothing about how the law actually works.
Legend's Quest just feels like a chore. So. Much. Backtracking.
I would rather pay to maintain but still manually replace them.
There are quite a few spots I'd like to build a ladder at on Anachronia. Like on several of the hills leading to the Venomous Dinos...
At least they're the correct style.
Seems pretty worth.
I don't know if it changed much with the M&amp;S rework but when I did it on alts prior it was recommended to have pretty much every possible option banked. It's.. tedious to say the leath.
The time-honoured tradition of creating a horde of money that you never really need. Like a billionaire but less morally corrupt because it is a video game economy.
Because players are outright stupid enough to fall for them? Like, I'm not saying I condone it but anything that doesn't actually glitch abuse is just you not knowing how to turn off auto-retaliate and left-click attack players.
I'd say every change they've done since 2011 needs to happen. Nuts to rewinding time
I will die on the hill that OSRS should have never got updates. That was not what we voted to allow when they pitched the idea and it completely ruined the image of it being an Old School experience. It's more like a glorified private server now and it's a far cry from anything Old School on anything more than a superficial level. You want an Old School experience, go back to the days things were incredibly tedious and skill content capped around 70 for near everything.
It really should have died. It was meant to satisfy the nostalgia people had for the bad times because people are always nostalgic for the good parts of 2007 but never really considered how absolutely barren things were, we didn't even have GWD at the build they pulled from so they had to add that. With updates, it managed to stay alive longer due to progressively becoming less tedious to do all the bad parts while simultaneously compiling things onto those who are completionist minded like me which is sort of a trap to that keeps people invested. I wholeheartedly believe had OSRS died and they returned all the Jmods that are on that team back to the RS3 team we'd have had a better singular MMO than two inherently flawed ones.
Making Trimmed Masterwork might be? But it's ludicrously boring and tedious plus you get virtually no experience out of it. Skilling on a gathering side will never be remotely close to combat simply due to altscape and/or bots.
It came out a day different than last year and it ended on Feb 11th last year, so I'd say probably Feb 10th.
If it's the same speed as other potions its what, 2k potions an hour?
Actually, it is neither. Gorvek is like a missing link between the two.
Why?
It is a bit annoying, not like a handful of spillover kc elsewhere wouldn't round it out but why design it like this when a (mediocre) soloer will be spending about 30 mins on a run.
Banana trees actually ARE herbs and not trees so that's kind of funny if you know plants.
Mandella Effect?
I was wondering if this were the case again. I used the dungeoneering hole to bait out that pet since it seemed to not want to come to me otherwise.
Blame the mouthbreathers thats do not know how to act then. All the edgy jackasses that think they're making a statement when in reality they are spamming.
That or a favourite's list &gt;_&gt;
Nice timing
That's typically something that happens to untradeable items but I can't think of a f2p item that would apply. Next time, examine them and see if they have any specific worn items.
Looks like assassin.
The hound technically made it into game... as pets.
Don't feel bad, it's apparently reallllllllly common.
Apple is different about their betas and games so the IOS version isn't likely until a full launch.
I guess the solution here is make Vyrelords/ladys their own soul category for PSD.
*sigh* I guess its time to start using it as an override then
Be aware Archeology might change BIS
I wonder if a or 3 variants of a lvl 50 cape made from a lot of giant mole hide would be a solution.
Foo lion? I think
Just looked, it's just named Foo and was from an old Zodiac event. There is hope it can return in the future through oddments.
Someone has and posted earlier but the model won't change till the event ends.
Holiday event items shouldn't be reobtainable.
It's not an elitist mindset when that's literally how event items have always worked for the core 3 holiday events. They have always been an "I was there" type of item.
My thoughts are on the Zamorak camp at the Heart. Go give it a look by the door to the Twins, group system teles you there.
To be fair, the hilt would be the leg no?
World hop
All the single ladies
I always go the princess's side
Males get 1 extra than female.
I went to 900 on Kree for his pet in HM so I feel ya. It's not too bad until you pass 1000 HM.
The delay of Arch almost assuredly caused any quest content to be delayed as well as they're sure to tie the two together.
HM01 is the only way
As opposed to sit and smack each other, rushing with a special and teleporting when it fails to kill, or juggling gear sets like a monkey in the circus? The juggling thing is doable in EoC too with less menu flipping and a competent PvPer can and will alternate between at least melee and one other style. It's really ridiculous in motion when you witness someone not shackled by fear of losing their gear absolutely decimate people that don't risk much, which is typically the prey animal in the PvP foodchain.
Participation won't change much but it certainly solves the lure problem. It would kill the price of searing ashes and rev items if there isn't further risk added to get them though.
Well Desperate Measures will assuredly tie in with the Orthen dig site, that quest line is deeply rooted to the Elder Gods ongoing plot that will in turn be tied to Elder GWD so narratively it wouldn't make sense to do them out of sequence.
There's always a risk of skull trickery at wyrms and revs have needed pushing to 40 wild for ages.
IotH and get over it.
For the 15k lava wyrms I killed I brought a deci bow as the only real risk and people tried to skull trick it all the time. I most often see people using elder rune or royal cbows in royal dhide though. If you can't counter pk or escape before they touch you should just take the L to avoid any risk of trickery. Most pkers I encountered were hot garbage though, so if I had been able to bring my better gear with no risk to losing it I'd have never lost the rare times I did. Achto and really jusy tank gear in general is really unbalanced in PvP from what I remember, become the unkillable turtle.
If it makes you feel any better I barely got it at 103m exp. Time based pets are the worst.
The problem is 100% "why should I waste time PvPing when I could be doing something productive". Which is also the mentality that killed minigames, it's not wrong but it does leave a lot of content in the past.
Far be it for people to actively use abilities as intended. You're a mad man!
It is odd that it can happen but at least it is an easy requirement to meet. They stop being assigned relatively early into the skill so it probably went under the radar.
Not that any time should be spent on Construction unless it is a full blown overhaul but they could do this much easier by adding on to the skill or quest hall rooms... maybe use the paintings in a few choice rooms. It's effectively slapping an existing model onto a hotspot for paintings as we have them as options in the guildhall. If they were to make standing displays for the armour sets like the praetorian robes and dis robes those could be remodeled armour stands such as the castle wars one.
Some pets are not scaled to the exp drop size but rather the exp drop frequency, most the gathering pets and thief work that way so they are typically more rng to get than say crafting that is more likely from higher levels
We were long passed "RS3" when the name transitioned to that. Also, they dropped the number at the end a while back as well. Now it's RuneScape and OldSchool RuneScape.
Wouldn't some form of Earth Maul make more sense elementally?
Keepsake keys are not physical items so there's literally no way to lose them.
There are scripts for dungeoneering bots so they wouldn't need to bother with sinkhole exp
And yet their content is just modified rs3 content pushed through the bad graphics machine that won't pass 75 anytime soon out of the exact reason we needed EoC.
Then you share my pain and thus can have my revenant luck. I'd give you my wyrm luck but it took about 14k kc for all 3 items.
How the...
At least once you get gloves you've got a pretty early title.
That isn't 200m!
Powered by the forsaken souls of people who can't do EW3.
I think they wanted to streamline that process at some point but the series isn't exactly popular nor gave good rewards what with our Soul Altar being elsewhere despite all the buildup pointing to it being at the end of the Elemental Workshop. I'm not 100% sure but I believe it is just timeline fluid enough they could redo the entire series or tie it to Invention with an area overhaul if they wanted to fix the whole thing in one fell swoop.
I got both Phoenix pets b2b with reset tokens, it's either that or the 1/5k drop rate kril pet.
We have titles to fill most that role.
Revenants should be moved more North into 40 Wilderness and require a demonic skull to get access to the good drops. This would dissuade bots and thus raise item prices.
From a bygone era where that was a much more useful aspect of the game. If anything it should be faster with higher stands.
Hcim should just explode on death.
TIL they made D2H buyable for some reason.
They're making blessed sand for the blessed flask because it's so tedious to do that barely any real players with any competency will do it themselves unless they are ironmen. This is extra true because the flask itself is niche in use and barely has any places it could be considered absolutely necessary to own.
They couldn't leaf it alone forever, that would not be oaky.
F2P has never decreased in size and has only gotten more content. They have Fletching now and KBD + Giant Mole so... Your memory is bad.
It's odd because it was supposed to be rarer as it mostly came off bosses for years. Not that it matters too much, dragon gets outpaced fairly quickly now.
I didn't know they got CE but that makes sense.
So literally any other world?
After the trainwreck that was the Dimension of the Damned finale, I can see why they haven't tried another event like that. The rampant cheating on the other seasonals also contributed to their death.
But people don't want to PvP in EoC. The only reason most PvP takes place is as a defense against pkers that don't want to fight other players "fairly" they just want easy prey knowing full well people aren't going to be bringing decent gear out in the Wilderness.
Farmer requests can include a whole gout tuber?
New coin scroll
Neat
It's odd the wiki doesn't mention it being obtained there because we were told it could be. If I had to wager a guess it's at least 1/1000 drop rate.
I'd like the slayer introspection changed to be passive that you are asked about when selecting tasks for a flat cost of like, 50-100 chronotes if you choose to activate it. That way it makes a continuous chronote sink and doesn't need to come at the expense of other abilities.
It alludes to it sooooort of by mentioning that it was originally found there by the Easter Bunny but nobody seems to have updated that page to actually inform people that it can in fact be found there rarely.
But where is the glow worm!
Weekly herby werby for free herb.
The exp can't get much lower.
Exp prestige as a cosmetic thing was pitched a while back but was decided against. It would effectively render the high scores a battle of afking combat and invention if it was actively tracked.
I should mention it waa originally set at 200m due to old programming restrictions. Funny enough at one point after I believe it was Dungeoneering or Div the first person to hit 200m all again triggered a rollover as far as high scores displayed so they had to already go in and change things somewhat.
Almost assuredly Wyrmbands
Everybody starts somewhere. EoC combat becomes fairly easy to muscle memory after a few hours.
Not really no. Most minigames are dead because the majority don't find them fun nor rewarding compared to other things.
I just want the option to auto convert lamps and stars for 200m skills into oddments tbh
Bringing new meaning to the phrase "take him to the cleaners"
The correct solution to that is make you drop the equivalent cost, plus any Wilderness specific items like Searing Ashes and Ancient Warrior equipment that is unused and then also have to pay Death himself. Effectively making it twice the cost.
Any that aren't just yet another Goku or Luffy are nice innovation.
https://puu.sh/FTRBB/1091ca14ea.png
No, 120 Cape perk procs lets you choose task.
Pretty sure this is wrong. It's always a batta if you lack the lotd effect and always a blurberry with the ring 9/10 rolls.
Hmm... have you by chance killed a tortoise lately?
Huh that is odd. You should have rolled a batta without the lotd and the only possible dropper otherwise is regular torts. And picking up a dropped one wouldn't have shown up in log. Weird.
If they ever caved to a full-blown Wilderness retooling they could just as easily use the Needle and some handwave magic explanation to pull the pristine condition from before the Stone of Jas nuked the place while possibly leaving certain areas, like the north-eastern volcano, as reworked areas to cram the Lava Wyrms and Wildy Wyrm boss.
It would make a lot more sense if that portal was like, near the Wilderness somewhere. You know, because it's a place of Death and War. If I were to pick a location that is out of the way enough I'd change that small area of Wilderness northeast of the sawmill into not-wilderness and put a dead forest or some ruins with the portal.
Do you remember Salt in the Wound? That will never be topped as the worst series finale.
Wiki says "If you need another one for Grim Tales, you can kill an Experiment No. 2 down the manhole near the entrance to the witch's house, or pick one up from the pile in the room with the experiments; assuming you've already used a shrink-me-quick potion once before to get into the mouse hole inside the witch's house."
This is what happens when the company does things by the seat of their pants instead of having filler lined up. The combination of Arch being delayed followed by a global health crisis has shown the glaring hole in Jagex's MO that has been a noticeable problem for at least the last 3 years. We saw it with the post-Menaphos dry spells (which was followed by the failure of the expansion model), the post-Anachronia dry spells (which was followed by scrapping the combat diversity update), and now we've got it again with the fallout caused by delaying Arch (which to be fair, was the right move) and the resulting pushback and delay of every content that relied on Arch to exist such as the continuation of the Elder God questline. What they should do is make a very public statement that they are going to return to the expansion model and go into detail on how that will be broken down into quarters. This would snuff out the problem of people complaining about dry spells as they are then intentional and communicated. As is people are too used to the old Jagex or compare it to OSRS which is simply not feasible for this 16+-year-old game. Updates have got to be thought out more and can't be as loose as they used to be.
A permanent reusable grand seed pod would be a decent quest reward if we ever got the ending to the gnome series.
Isn't it obvious? The main plot threads hinged on Archeology releasing on time, which would push everything back 3 months or so at least, and then the virus happened so things are delayed further.
People threw a bitch fit when they were going to add a 90+ FIREMAKING requirement onto Firemaker's Curse. They had the idea for 99 cape quests, little miniquest type deals to do to prove your worth or some sort of nonsense like that but I believe the concept was met unfavourably.
Yes they function as the lower ones.
https://puu.sh/FUtzV/5ce8cec1dc.png
Logically speaking Arch should have been an elite skill for Construction, Mining, and Dungeoneering but *shrug*.
I'd assume the sheer speed of Invention and the rocky launch (where exp had to be rebalanced like 5 times over the first week) scared them off the idea. There's always potential in the future.
Do you have a bank pin? Authenticator?
You go into ruins, do a modified precise mining method, and then reconstruct artefacts. How is that not those 3 skills in a nutshell?
I didn't want to overlap with Invention but both could be applicable depending on if we ever got area reconstruction as a future portion of the skill.
I strongly doubt it'll be within the next year or two, but it has polled high so I'm sure it's on the radar. If they did a construction rework though the bonuses for training the skill and maintaining your house would need to be both a constant gold sink and useful in modern RS. Passives you pay pure GP for in the form of servants that maintain your rooms would be my way of fixing this. Pay a gardener to tend to a arborium and garden giving farming and wcing boosts, a rock garden minder for a mining and prayer bonus, etc.
There's no way they keep that data on record.
That's strange but no, it'd still be a blurberry if you missed it.
With the advent of effectively buyable exp the entire perceived prestige of an untrimmed anything is rendered very very low. Allowing any cape to display the trim or untrimmed version would be the smart way to do things but then that ruins whatever value people see in having an untrimmed cape keepsaked to begin with. Any change to the capes would likely be the ability to buy the untrimmed versions so it's unlikely to have any change other than that.
I kid you not, raw meat from cows tends to sell for a decent price due to the members player farms using vast amounts of meat.
Cannon can hit further as an aggro draw for eddimu and airuts. Really the only things I've used it on in years over the coil.
I'd pay another 100% reputation to compact on into a single inventory space. Hell, it they changed the percent into a logical number like it should have always been I'd pay 250.
Set up the Authenticator on your RS acc plus emails attached to it. Significantly reduces the chances of being hacked again.
Using the dps auras also helps for bossing. You really have to be amping up the damage to make SS the best it can be.
Try pulling another and then talking to it.
No, this is just how Ripper Demons start baiting you into killing them. Trust me. I've been stuck here for weeks &gt;_&gt;
It runs above and parallel to the shelf but sometimes things leak out and remain on the shelf due to the clogs.
I'd like the graphic design to be homogenized. This includes every possible thing in game from old quests to one off areas and then STICK TO THAT DESIGN from this point forward. I don't mind the cartoony sort of design we've got to now, but it meshes real poorly when you go from say, Port S to Karamja and you arrive on an entirely different boat. Islands are a major offender as they have barely been touched at all. A whole Karamja rework would be necessary and maybe rewrite the lore there.
It's much easier to make content when you don't have to worry about graphics or originality. Just take an RS3 concept and shove it through the bad graphics machine.
https://puu.sh/FVoVE/de3430d88e.png Only 68?
https://puu.sh/FVs77/09e657db05.png *cough*
The main problem is finding a way to make a rework function with not only Constructions main reason to exist, as a gp sink, but also to add useful lasting benefits to the game. Personally, I'd scrap the majority of the customization options in favour of a template or two with static rooms with minor customization but beneficial unlocks. For example, if we retool the Aquarium egg format for Woodcutting resulting in golden seeds/acorns from various trees (in golden bird nests) to add to an arboretum as part of a bonsai tree collection and pay an arborist a static fee for weekly renewing buffs based on completion of the arboretum we could create a gp sink with tangible buffs that persist. This format could then expand over to Mining, with a rock/zen garden, and special geodes and fishing can use its existing format. That's 3 rooms right there with collection log-based functionality and more could be argued for other skills in the form of workshop rooms (for production skills), trophy halls (for slayer and hunter), retooled kitchen for cooking benefits, etc. Additionally, the method to train the skill could due with a little love and I'd be fine if we deposited planks and materials at a storage bank and worked on items similarly to smithing, retool the portable sawmill into a workbench to allow flatpack work outside of houses.
Good bot?
If they implemented contracts the right way they could have contractor points that are spent on servants and such. If I had to design a system like that it would either be NPCs that request X flatpacks be made like farm guild requests, have an NPC that takes flatpacks in exchange for fewer points like with Archeology, or some sort of minigame-type weekly where you're contracted to build hotspots in an NPC's PoH to their specifications using the current PoH floorplan as a basis and asset reuse.
It'd be real weird seeing all the ed8 girl cloths on dudes tbh.
If I were to make that system work it'd be as a one-off cleanup type situation like with Edgeville for non-Wilderness locations (that is a hot topic of debate on how to fix/rework). Basically post-Plague's End we'd be helping fix up Ardougne, post-River of Blood we'd fix up areas in Mort, etc. using large swaths of materials from planks and nails to limestone and such in exchange for exp and such.
What, you don't want to wait around 3333 days for 46k exp? -Edited because wires got crossed replying at 4 AM lol
It's too much and needs a nerf if you ask me
You can get all 3 raids pets without loot yes. But for Tuzzy you have to check deep in his corpse afterwards.
Does that mean the voice of Seren is just a pep talk?
Every Bm and Yaka kill rolls a chance to throw the pet item into your bank
It's strange they didn't just make these function like the forge rings. Keep the charge account bound rather than item bound.
Funny enough it does let you do the wieldable sallys
Nice
That's not even a pun.
Pretty sure that hasn't been the formula since they reverted the thing where combat level went to 200.
A. https://runescape.wiki/ this is the new wiki B. Player Farm
I just assume both are fake and manually go to the site to change things juuuuuust incase.
The old one gets trolled a lot.
People complained about copy-paste events and exp afkathons so that probably has a lot to do with it.
All other ore don't pop out an item each and every swing.
I believe the father was some sort of criminal so that raises further questions about Needle Skips.
Look man, if it weren't for us in particular the vampires would be unimpeded by humanity. "Top human nation" means jack all compared to pretty much any other race sans some Bandos races in terms of army strength, and even then that is due to their lack of tactical skill.
Crystal mask for thief training. I believe dark form has uses, light form also has a master clue use.
They did bring some Yak track items to oddments but if you miss the track window it isn't findable later. You don't need premier to opt in, just pay 2 bonds.
Was any of that remotely necessary?
Np
Sounds like a good idea though to build up charges though
There has never been an adequately explained reason why they cannot just boat around the river. Also, the entire questline is pre-TWW so Saradomin intervention is out for the duration of that series. Had we not stopped the tainting of the river way back in Priest in Peril they would have been able to cross with no problem, and they were willing to take the risk until we supped up the river in River of Blood. So really without the World Guardian/PC doing what we do best they would have at the least not been swamp-bound.
It'd be funnier if it was something like "vampires are notoriously seasick so they don't even try"... which would make sense if their higher senses made them more prone to motion sickness on boats.
Doesn't pretty much every security awareness event and area specifically say "Jagex won't email you directly" in some phrasing?
Nah, it's a safe spot in the gem mine at Shilo.
I'm not seeing a defence requirement on any of the quests or tasks in the easy-hard Karamja set. So there is no real reason at all that you can't teleport with them, they don't even take you to a dangerous place.
There was talk of making the puzzle optional but give a buff of some sort if it's completed, or a debuff if it wasn't? One or the other. Either way, it'd be nice.
I don't remember that ever being explained nor does it reallllly make much sense to make the focal point one specific border side instead of some sort of central part of the region.
It's funny because if you hit the logout button juuuust as someone initiates combat with you it can prevent you from using any keys or clicking abilities or food and then the game logs you out as you spawn from the death. So it's interesting that they can do this.
But you do go that bad.
They'd need to reduce alc and death price
Is it one of the sponsored Etsy store content? It feels like low quality Etsy merch
This is after 70 turn ins
You use basically zero resources at Durzag for a 5-6 minute kill with 12m alc/death value and presumably also a 1/20 codex chance at 29-32m a codex at current value. Nty.
Adding magic trees to F2P would invite bots straight to them with zero deterrence. The rest seem fine though.
Yea but there's a difference in those things being f2p or not. You don't typically see wcing being botted in members because it's not profitable for the input but slap it on f2p and it becomes much easier. It also makes F2P a siphon rather than a source so they have to buy the logs to use for fletching or firemaking rather than gathering them themselves.
That would work but they intentionally didn't do that from the get-go and can you imagine how much exp an AoD kill would net?
75 wcing is not high.
It'd be a funny pun at least. Though it'd be an interesting design if they did it like the little squad robe things from Black Clover
&lt;_&lt;
Doesn't exist.
You can also just drop a non-augmented body before looting for the same effect.
There aren't even creatures that drop the Dchain in the Wilderness, the Chaos Tunnels do not count because none of the other things in there are across multiple logs, Gargs for instance, nor are some of the repeats in the Wilderness on that log such as Kalger Demons or Gargs.
It's no skin off my nose as I have the Nex title but it's just widely outside the parameters of any other log item.
Mouth frothingly rare.
The chest pieces of armour.
Fire spells are generally only useful for ice wyrms and glacor.
Hit up the Alright clan chat, they're supposed to be achievement helpers.
I've seen some living shiny dexers before, it's a different kind of grind for sure. Soft resetting and chaining are a little less tedious than egg hatching in my experience.
I forgot those are supposed to be rarer than the pet (the pet took me 15k, I had 2 bows in that time an inverse of the expectation). On top of all this, the eddies and soul gazers have much higher base elite spawn rate compared to rippers, which reallllly need it.
Rippers have an abysmal spawn rate for elites and their normal drops are pretty garbage so you want the contracts to make them worth the grind. Trust me https://puu.sh/FXckR/eff21348ca.png you really do.
Looks like they're dealing with mechanics to me. They're choosing to tank the hit with damage reducing debil before the egg bombs go off and they're doing every other mechanic as it is. It's not as though they're forcing a phase change by using uncapped familiar damage or ignoring freeing people like AoD. Even if they were doing the 1 mechanic they're opting to take a hit that's barely a mechanic that takes 5 seconds to clear and you wouldn't see it more than twice even in solo most of the time anyway.
The real problem is they didn't add certain items, HSR, OSH, etc. nor non-d2d augmented items (which should be allowed, as they function off the charge pack).
Pouches are the saving grace by far.
Tempted. I've estimated 450-475 elite spawns overall.
I feel that lol
That is not what people refer to as rares. It typically refers to discontinued items like phats and santas.
It would make somewhat more sense to incorporate Archeology into the method, possibly via a 1 off excavation around the Ancient Prison zone or a moderately long research into the area. Findings would inspire us to use materials from the Zarosian digsite to modify the key to allow it into the toolbelt with an ancient ceremonial set tacked on, but the material cost would need to be somewhat high and the key 100% to justify the loss of the 10k per kill sink.
I just wish it could be stored in my house...
I had that happen with secundus once, reallllllly kills the vibe for them.
A no horn unicorn? Impossible!
They did mitigate some of Zamorak's losses in WE1 with Dishonor Among Thieves and Children of Mah.
Probably. 2x each gem drag soul in 300 total kc between all 6 souls ;p
They've needed to rework the tower and assign point values based on the boss rather than everything be worth 1 kill. Count Draynor =/= Nomad
It's not thaaaaat rare
IIRC the concept has been suggested for well over a decade.
No, but that was the most iconic fight people remember and I don't remember what is considered the most tedious out of the new additions.
https://puu.sh/FXMHe/9cb325cf27.png
Arrav's sword from Dimension of Disaster is my go to 2h melee override on all my accounts.
"I defeated Nomad using a rune crossbow and all I got was this t-shirt"
It really was just meh fight, 2 hours of maze, meh fight x4 the quest if you strip out the dialogue with the people in the maze. The problem with the player choice aspect to the storyline is they couldn't make any significant options without having to effectively nullify them in the next step, like powering Zimzam back up a bit in Dishonor and Children of Mah.
I'd say they were all easier than most of the lower endgame bosses like Rax. Granted pvm experience varies from person to person and pc quality and ping factor in. The final fight before we got the infinite adrenaline is the only time I died and it wasn't the fight itself that killed me, the animations for jumping up to Sliske don't stop the damage from the lightning, much like Seriyu and the black hand attacks.
Royal for eddies and airuts, coil for everything else.
Why Divine Charges are up at 10k per 4 hours is beyond me. 1k is even pushing the limit of reasonable use.
Same with city quests. 5k or even 10k are reasonable for them.
Like, 1 to 100. It has a weird math to it so starting from the bottom should always be best.
Everyone else has it backwards. It's entirely benefiting to the one being pked that these are disabled. It is far far more likely that a pker would unlock the abilities and that would make it impossible for the often poorly equipped prey to escape. You have to remember the power balance is often never in favor of the target because people are more often than not poor noobs.
Worst case scenario is you need to turn private to friends.
You seem to not understand the sheer experience curve involved in RS3 PvP even if you discount the almost 100% chance the prey is willing to risk less than the pker. Even if everyone were to have them the Pker would assuredly be better at using them than the prey because the average RS player is piss poor at ability usage and that is doubled down in PvP scenarios. People just do not know how to deal with abilities being used on them.
This is also a good idea.
You look at me and tell me the people who die to pkers regularly are the kind of people that would put forth the effort or money to get these items whereas most pkers are out there to hunt and would invest in them.
Anything more than the barest of minimums is too much for most people.
The obvious answer is hacked. Which is almost 100% on you for not securing your account.
So... when nothing else is there, only dwarf remains?
Perhaps the totem bag? Not sure.
Removing it from f2p would solve things for sure on the f2p end of things. Putting the energy around always dangerous creatures would solve things further.
That doesn't look like 120 to meeeee
No
Drop the crystals and do araxxor first.
Decently lucky for the exp.
This post comes around fairly often and the typical replies are either "I don't see it lol nothing wrong" or agreeing with seeing it because yea... it's totally what that looks like. It's odd they haven't bothered to tweak it with at least different shading.
That's why I said put them there. It's just a pallet swap away.
There was talk of quarterly dexps, so 1 per 3 months would put the next one sometime towards the end of July. But more realistically, the 120 herb for comp grace period should be expiring soon.
In my experience the hex doesn't justify its use over them yes.
Counter opinion- I've never thought most armour or weapons in game look particularly appealing and prefer the cosmetic outfits I've made with various pieces of other outfits over literally any actual armour that exists in game. Very rarely will a weapon be passable to use naturally, and even then it'd have to match a costume.
Are you aware that you're receiving a 40% increase to your Yak Track progress?
Even old school armour sets, before and after the redesigns, were not appealing to use over cosmetics such as clue scroll items. The closest things to good looking non-cosmetic outfits from back in the day were the classic Dlegs + fighter torso + d boots + neit helm combo or the void outfits. Arguably, armour and weaponry are not supposed to look fashionable and cosmetic options simply allow their much-desired masking.
Not to mention this subreddit is among the most downvote happy amongst all subreddits. Jagex and most long term players know the vocal part of this community often just like to hear themselves complain just for the sake of complaining.
They've somewhat been trying to tie the Yak Tracks into the game as much as possible and then you get people bitching about MTX tied lore. So they can't win in this situation.
Don't they always do that?
They had a darkness in their hearts that must be extinguished.
Because there's enough content in-game to fill literally hundreds of hours and people have been wanting them to actively fix older parts of the game instead of new content adding to the problem for years now.
TIMBOOOO
Quite a few veteran players are grandfathered in at cheaper rates. I for one could pay around $5 USD a month for members, I don't because typically there's something worthwhile about Prem but I could.
And it's not like they quest lock good stuff anymore anyway. Oh, that gear takes 80 defence to wear? So what? 80 def takes half an afternoon to get.
That's just the visual representation of the effects of training production skills on DEXP. Especially construction.
As the other has said, go to the Abyss or even the safe variant from Fairy Rings to farm out talismans. They drop relatively high and also you need an elemental talisman for the hood.
I personally dislike OSRS because it should have rightfully been left unupdated to its inevitable death once the nostalgia factor wore off. The fact they went back on the vote to allow it back without much development support, and they sent a good deal of the developers over there, has always irked me. I played during the original run of OSRS era and to me it feels like a glorified private server with all the divergent updates and content. Not to mention they naturally got the PvP community which are historically the most toxic players by nature.
Touch the cache?
Iirc there are a trio of some sort of merfolk in Deadliest Catch with exposed breasts.
Nty. I disagree with OSRS' continued existence ever since it got updates, as I voted yes but for no updates, and I sure as hell don't want the community split a 3rd time over yet another nostalgia trip.
They can easily check this yes. But they won't reveal the information for fairly obvious economic reasons. They would also have to crosscheck accounts that have gone inactive for extended lengths of time as I'm certain there have to be ancient accounts with several of them just floating about in purgatory.
Problem with minigame tasks is if it's not limited to a short timespan of a week or two it will inevitably become impossible to do without clan organization. And if there is a defined goal this will happen anyway because the majority of the community simply do not find minigames fun to play or worthwhile to spend time on over other account progression options. There are several minigame linked RuneScore tasks that prove that minigame centric tasks are fleeting in terms of ability to attract people, they will organize and do the bare minimum before abandoning them again.
There are cutscenes available but the events themselves except for the Tuska one cannot be experienced. The Tuska event is basically a minigame accessed from her back now.
Minigames are basically dead, but people favor bossing a lot more these days. Quests, while sparse due to being low return investments for develop time, are my ideal content. Between quests I maintain RuneScore and content logs like Slayer and Boss logs.
It is odd that the multiplayer minigames don't all have thaler access. Especially TB which has been dead since I started way back in 2006.
Reallocation of time. You can either spend time in RS making money to buy bonds to buy keys to supplement or replace time you don't want to spend at certain skills, or you can spend time in the real world to work and use real world money to supplement or replace time you spend in game. It is entirely beneficially to everyone when you realize the shared currency is time and no skill activity is particularly hard on a mechanical level worth complaining about. Also sometimes cosmetics. Edit. Woops I thought you meant TH as a whole. This specific lack of promo is a more open display of the prizes available rather than a blind luck chance. You can refresh the bin for oddments if the prizes therein do not entice you or you can run that prize pool out and it refresh for you. It's a holdover promo.
You might not like it but this is what peak performance looks like.
I mean, if you're a dumbass and buy a bond to get a chance to skip 5 rather than the sure thing 4 a single bond you might need to re-evaluate your choices. If the skips stay on TH for the duration of the event, which is around 2 months, then that's effectively free daily chances at skips at no extra cost. It is wholly beneficial.
Noncombat but especially gathering skill noncombat is also high ranking on my least liked content strain. Big Game Hunter is a rare exception because it feels more like combat than hunter.
I'd accept either of these two options; move the revs further north so they cannot be instantly teleported away from or require a demonic skull to get their good drops at all.
They could just as easily swap to three iteming a revbane and bandos top and legs though.
Settings has under optional interface a slayer tally that had your task streak and number if kills left.
Increase the drop rate slightly or extend the longevity of the items to compensate the increased risk. Bots should never be the baseline for item entry.
Try turning off all overrides
Emperor's new cloths my guy
An interesting note,I only ever really got talked to in public on my much lower alt or if I'm not wearing my mqc or trim comp on the main. It's almost always newer or lower accounts and I can't help but feel there might be some hesitation to converse with percieved elite/veteran players. Like there is some innate hesitation to ask questions possibly due to bad apples or egomaniacs tainting the general opinion. But when I'm not displaying a symbol cape I am more likely to be asked for general help and they're generally shocked if they later find out.
Np. Strange bug because I don't remember having to do that
I had a similar experience with Graador, hard mode it up a little more
Lord I never had to get it dropped but damn that's a big urn to be carrying in our inventory.
I had it from the original event but have done 8k kalgers for the log so I send my condolences
I mean, it's closer to a typical battle pass than what Yak Track is 90% of the time. Compare Rocket League's pass to Fortnite's pass for how different games handle the general idea of a battle pass, I prefer the latter for the variety of tasks as RL ends up being the same flavour of "play x games, play x game with x item equipped (cosmetic 99%), score x pts with x item equipped (still cosmetic)". Yak Track also ends up being effectively 90% "do generic skill task" while the stamp events end up being too specific or time-locked like the ever-annoying "do a reaper task" one that effectively timelocks the week-long runtime with what is most often only done as a daily. A mix between the two formats of stamp and yak track would be the ideal situation for a battle pass model in RS but they have to really work on the sheer volume of some of the tasks.
It was fine when they were largely cosmetic and I hope they continue the trend of moving the auras to in-game content. I'd accept fragment system integration.
What, you don't have 1.2b just laying about for this for the paltry 1.2m exp it's worth?
I feel like story works but I'm not 100%
You won't be able to get the correct buyer until you have the level, but you could bean them for the 10% value with the troll.
I think it's more a difference between difficult and tedious. Something can be difficult but not feel tedious but things that are difficult because they feel and are tedious are not exactly worth praising. Looking at you Castle Wars.
But alas, Simba did not hear his father for he had his chat settings turned off.
Could be a trav merch
If I had to wager a guess some of the questions had answers that needed to go through more channels than anticipated to be flagged as okay to answer with minimal misunderstandings or breakable promises.
Banana trees are not even true trees. They are technically a herb.
They would effectively become free dismantle fodder even if statless outside minigames so there are limitations they would need to cover.
Hey, when the deal's hot.
Well, the toxic community does love throwing racial and sexist slurs like they're a prepubescent boy on Xbox sooooo that would be the main reason.
Go into settings and find attack options, make sure it is set to combat level for npcs
How did she possibly keep this a secret with that much detail
There are still oodles of people that recognize that they are being scammed/lured and then still follow through with the scam/lure because they think they can counter scam/lure that are above you in the running.
When nothing else is to offer, only dwarf remains.
You just haven't seen it at its worst yet. The worst problems this year are moderately justified content droughts (due to the pandemic) and bellyaching about the Yak Track (which is optional content); however, Archeology also got delayed early on and drew discontent but it was for polishing and was received well on launch. Last year around August we saw a major content drought until November due to a big update being scrapped (combat diversity) chaining into a dry September and obligatory RuneFest-borne-dry October ending in November when they expanded Herb and Farming. There wasn't as much sympathy from the community during the 2019 drought period since there wasn't a global health crisis ongoing and it was mainly caused by Jagex's organization for updates and planning out content in advanced to suppress dry spells. Pair these things with a persisting dissent towards some of the Jagex decisions and practices (not all of which are within the individual mods' control mind you) and you get periodic Reddit meltdowns that are not entirely without good reason but are definitely wild.
I'd accept these as an option if they replace slider boxes more often than knots. A knot takes all of 10 seconds to solve, a slider box takes at least 20-30 and that's assuming you're using Alt-1.
WoW does the expansion model every couple of years which set up a different expectation. I'm actually in favour of a model that goes "1 mega-update per year, 3 bigger updates, the rest patches and small updates" spaced out over the 4 quarters. I'd qualify a new skill or skill rework and major boss introductions like GWD, The Heart, or (presumably) Elder GWD where it includes more than one boss as "mega" whereas quests on par with While Guthix Sleeps, area overhauls, and singular bosses like Magister would be considered as large. If they were to structure update plans as say... one quarter will be Karamja rework to graphically update it and bring something of relevancy to the area that would also be acceptable.
Did you happen to turn on a deflect curse?
I fully expected the event to be DDoSed or worse. I was pleasantly surprised by how well it went.
Menaphos tainted the idea for a lot of players and Jmods I guess. It fell short of the expansion model hype and they had a drought afterwards that felt worse because of it. It's a shame because Menaphos fills its niche adequately and the slayer things attached to it as well as the soul altar are all still useful but things like city quests and shifting tombs fell a little flat... plus every single desert quest has a lackluster feeling that I can't quite pin down the reason for and Menaphos split up what would easily just be a single quest into 4 parts divided between hours of grinding or days worth of obelisk farming. On a tangent, they started to redo the desert series with Prince Ali Rescue and continued some of the plot threads in Menaphos but the quests including Ichlartin's Little Helper through Do No Evil now feel disjointed because of this. It feels as though Amascut is a Saturday Morning Cartoon villain trying a new spin on her plans to be thwarted in basically the same fashion each time.
I blame clues for the death of one of my gaming mouses (mice?) because the overclicking broke a little piece in the mechanism and it started to double click.
True lol
I'd even take elite costumes if it meant less sliders.
Stone spirits by lowered the average but generally Nex and Vidicta didn't suffer much at all.
Well, people said it would be dead in 10 years 10 years ago so probably still alive and kicking.
Mid-level players don't exist silly.
Book is reclaimable from your house bookshelf. Boots, ring, and gloves are a mystery.
I mean, it's just botting trash mobs with marginal tweaking so probably.
They should really have put the trash mob loot into the bosses instead.
Been a while since I bought one but I think they expire after two years?
It's not like they're hard to find nor require effort to study. So the exp reward is enough.
Also require a demonic skull or something similar that works like cursed energy
Yeah, except that is not remotely difficult or even expensive. Also, the skill caps out at 120 so even then 99 is barely a fraction of the total. If they were to add another energy source it would be in the later 110-120 zone.
Because it's a controlled situation whereas if DA didn't exist you have trust trading and wilderness free for all as the next options. It's a known septic tank but that's kind of the point.
Ed3 likes to give that one out so don't worry. It even likes to give them out to people who already have the entire champ set done.
Ripper Demons 2.0, this time with a 1 in 1m pet drop and every hit can insta kill with a 1 in 10 odds. Drops nothing but imp ashes on death, makes a contract that hurts you and only you.
That quest was inevitably tied to Arch and with Arch being delayed 3 months and then the pandemic it has sooooort of in turn been pushed back. It should be set after Desperate Times and I believe the name was Desperate Measures.
My favourite bad pk attempts when I was doing lava wyrms saw not only them trying to mage me out when I'm wearing 2 dinosaur hide parts, augmented mind you, but also they using cywir wand and orb plus holding very full large rune pouches. Easy 30m, they just face tank a snipe and then the rest is history.
Nex would like a word with you. "Let the virus consume you!"
We do have the plague doctor mask and a mtx variant from an old event. These should suffice.
Not that I didn't kill 27k dinos for log and over 1000bhg for runescore and also mattocks but yea, the totems and items for tier 3 should have had bad luck mitigation for the statistical anomalies that go way over rate. The timegates for mats are manageable though allowing brute force speed ups as an option would have been nice, I got compact hides quite a lot at slayer and hunter but had those been tradable it would have been better... also don't think anyone mines on the island and woodcutting also seems seldom done.
Elite dinosaur spawn from the 4 slayer ones would have been doable. Give the elite much higher item odds so it doesn't take some people long (preface I had every totem and such before I went over 1k slayer kc, 200 bgh, and laps for both codecies).
Yet
If you aren't actively pursuing max, comp, trim, mqc, ulti slayer, max exp, max runescore, MoA, boss logs, or ifb to a notable degree of completion then you don't really get to complain about lack of updates. There is a huge array of content in game to choose from, pick a lane or change a lane. If anything the biggest drought is to questers but that's the content that gets the least engagement for the development time so it's sort of expected.
It speeds up at augmentable tools.
60, but I'd say thing get more noticeable at 80
I'm awful at remembering lower rates but https://runescape.wiki/w/Archaeology_training under training methods it lists things out, and I believe its 10 artes an hour for math purposes.
There was never a logical reason to go a percent route in the first place, but at least it let you go spend them easier the old way. Making it a point system would make a lot more sense now.
My personal condolences.
Nex just got a golden ticket with today's update.
Duo rax is faster if both parties know what they're doing, but the drop rates are confirmed worse.
Looks like you liked them enough to do them so... having done everything you're one of the select few that actually can complain about being out of things to do. Of course, most updates will not be actively better bosses or long spanning skill updates, or even quests that last about 2 hours at most leaving you back to grinding repeatable content. That's pretty much the game, grinding repeatable content. There's not exactly the capability to add top content too frequently and lower variants are destined to fall off people like our radar unless it contains additional grind like the 50 cresbots in hall of memes.
To be fair Zaros was about as attentive as a mother that left her children in a hot car towards the end.
Why? Those energies are not the limiting factor.
How many are new? Recycling promotions or adding new items to old ones isn't exactly stealing away development time from anything. A significant majority are just reruns sent through the pipe because people bitch when they're infrequent.
TIL
Toggle on, wield any regular staff
