Every culture has the concept of *gods.* Santa and the Tooth Fairy would qualify as gods under a number of polytheist belief systems.
"I do not want to see any characters return in their own series" is a perfectly valid option for this quiz.
I'm sure the victims of evil can take comfort in knowing the suffering they endure for the rest of their lives is "actually non-existent."
&gt; I saw a medium for the first time. Why? &gt; I did not give my name or phone number when I signed up. What *did* you give when you "signed up?" How did you sign up without giving your name? &gt; I also SAW two shadows on the wall moving and there was no one else in the room and the wall was not facing a window or anything. Cool! Try to record it if it happens again. &gt; I cannot explain this That's good. It means you haven't figured out how the medium did what she did, and it also means you don't believe that she's actually got psychic powers. I'm also glad you didn't pay any money to do this.
The air is a cushion. When the bag is packed in a box which is tossed around a warehouse and then a truck and then another warehouse and then stuffed onto a shelf, the air protects the chips inside.
Great, now you not only have to demonstrate gods exist, you have to demonstrate aliens exist.
&gt; was looking more for the math To get the math you would have to add up all the cases where people were born of virgins and divide them by the total number of births in human history.
I think it's probably a fine argument. I mean, I've never encountered a single person, in real life or online, whose values fit the description the article assigns to "leftism," but if there is such a thing then I can totally see it being akin to a religion replacing Christianity.
"The Chase."
If I were to "reconsider" atheism based on the behavior of a theist, I would have to have had really crummy reasons for being an atheist and a very poor grasp of critical thinking. I hope I don't. Belief isn't a choice; I *can't* believe Christian claims because I have so far not been convinced they're true. That's completely independent of what Christian believers are like. What if I met a "genuine Buddhist," or "genuine Muslim?" Now I've got three people who show characteristics of love, joy, and peace, but they believe three completely different things. That would lead me to conclude that their beliefs have nothing to do with who they are.
&gt; Number magic dominates my daily thinking. Me too! Here's my favorite number: 18,006,624,357 Something really amazing happens when you type that number into a telephone and hit Send.
Sure. We still use "go fly a kite" and that hasn't been lethal in years.
A girl brings him his flute and he just tosses it over his shoulder.
Well there's no committee or anything. Oftentimes a name will originate with one writer or group and it will just stick and spread through the culture with different experts using it and finally getting picked up by media. There was a book called *Generations* by William Strauss and Neil Howe that explored American history in terms of a cycle of generations, and it used many of the names we use today to refer to generations of the twentieth century. Where the lines of generations are drawn is kind of arbitrary too, and isn't always the same depending on the source. Usually they'll be separated by particular events in wider society; the baby boomers were *in general* considered to be the generation old enough to fight in Vietnam, the millennials were *in general* considered to be the generation who remember 9/11 but not the Cold War, and so on. But there are different definitions for different people.
1. Man evolves from other primates 2. Man outlasts other species of humans 3. Man controls fire 4. Man invents agriculture 5. Man invents philosophy and science 6. Man cures diseases 7. Man goes into space 8. Man creates dinosaurs 9. Dinosaurs eat man 10. Woman inherits the earth
How far the earth is tilted away from the sun and where the earth actually is in its orbit are two different measurements, and it's the second one that has more of an impact on when sunrise/sunset occur over the course of a year. If you took a camera and nailed it to a pole so it didn't move, and took a picture of the sun at the exact same time every day for a year, and then stitched the pictures together, you'd get something like this https://telescoper.files.wordpress.com/2016/12/maxresdefault.jpg It's called an *analemma* and it shows the effect of Earth's elliptical orbit. The top part of the figure-8 is when we're furthest from the sun, in May-June-July, and the bottom part is when we're closest to the sun in Nov-Dec-Jan. The two extreme points at either end are where the solstices are. It's where we're tilted the most toward/away from the sun. But as you can see, we're not yet at the top/bottom of the loops. In that winter loop on the right, the sun is furthest *right* in the analemma, but it's still got a little ways to go before it gets furthest *down*. When it hits that point, that's the latest sunrise, and it varies based on your latitude. Another way to look at it is to think of a day as the time it takes for the sun to get back to the same place in the sky. As you can see, it slips up and down, so what we'd need is for the sun to get back to the same *vertical* position. If you made your camera do that instead -- take a picture of the sun in the same place -- then the camera would be waiting more than 24 hours, or less than 24 hours, depending on where in the analemma the sun was. It's clear that there are parts of this figure-8 where the sun is crawling, and some parts where it's zipping.
You don't have to single out the American civilizations. You could say the same about any advanced society from Babylon on down. The United States put satellites into orbit before it abolished segregated lunch counters. Math and astronomy are, in fact, practically necessary to build a civilization in the first place. You need to know math to construct buildings, and divide land and food and other resources. Astronomy is vital to survival of large groups; it's a clock that tells you when to plant and harvest crops, when it gets cold, when the rainy season begins, and so on. It's also important to remember that ancient peoples were plenty smart enough to figure out the math behind the sky, but they had no idea what was actually going on up there. They knew where the sun was going to be, but they didn't know what the sun *was.* They didn't know what the stars or planets were, even though they could tell you where Mars was going to be thousands of years into *our* future. In fact, a lot of those barbaric rituals were put in place because they were terrified that if they didn't chop off each other's heads and kick them down the pyramids, the heavens would *stop* running so smoothly and planting season would never come. We also tend to overrate astronomical prowess because we just don't care about it as much as they did. They figured all that stuff out not only because they needed to for survival, but because they just didn't have much else to do. When it gets dark, we go inside and binge Narcos. The night sky was their Netflix. If we didn't have all these modern distractions, average people would probably be paying more attention to the natural world, and it wouldn't seem all that mysterious that our long-dead ancestors did the same thing.
&gt; I just personally think it is a shame at how I've spent the franchise be treated by their own fans. And I'm asking why you even think that's the case. There's an uncomfortable truth not a lot of fans like to admit: a sizable chunk of Trek is actually kinda lousy. Hokey plots. Inconsistent continuity. Hammy acting. Laughable effects. Bad science. TOS, TNG, all the way through to DIS. One of the best episodes of the franchise, "In the Pale Moonlight," has one of the corniest lines of dialogue in the franchise ("it's a faaaaaaake"). It's *fun* to talk about that shit. Being negative isn't always "being negative." It's like mocking a friend's haircut. I would say part of being a fan is recognizing the garbage and celebrating it. One of my favorite pastimes is trying to be a "canon apologist" and try to rationalize inconsistencies and make them fit together. But to do that I have to recognize that, yeah, they fucked something up. The first season of DIS was a hot mess. I think a lot of people here agree. And you know what happens when they say so? They get downvoted. Most of the negativity gets downvoted, particularly if it's truly empty and uninspired. What does that say about how the fans at large really feel? If people complaining about *specific parts* of the franchise end up with negative karma, is it really a "shame" how the franchise is being treated by its fans? But when I say DIS was bad, I also like to say that TNG's first season was terrible too, and look how that turned out. No one gets downvoted for saying TNG's first season was terrible. So when I say DIS' first season was terrible, I'm saying it with the hope that someday everyone will agree, because they'll have six fantastic seasons to compare it to. If the producers are actually reading, I'm telling them "hey guys, that sucked. What else you got?" I'm more interested in the second part. It's almost like I'm hopeful for the future or something.
If you mean pictures like [this](https://cdn.eso.org/images/screen/potw1320a.jpg) then what you're seeing is *part* of the Milky Way. We're about halfway between the center of the galaxy and the edge, so from our perspective the Milky Way is a thick band of stars that wraps all the way around the sky. We can look toward the center and see it like the image above, and we can look toward the outer edge and also see it like the image above (but in that case, not quite as bright and thick). If you mean pictures like [this](https://djx5h8pabpett.cloudfront.net/wp-content/uploads/sites/2/2018/03/06151924/milkyway-620x330.jpg) then that's not actually the Milky Way. It's either an artist's drawing of what we think the Milky Way looks like, or it's a real image of *another* galaxy that resembles what we think the Milky Way looks like. Even if we could send a probe out of the galaxy at the speed of light, it would take tens of thousands of years for it to get out there and send a picture like that.
Thanks, I feel the same way about me.
Ah, okay. So a ghost is a supernatural phenomenon. How did you determine that either of the things you saw (a mist, and a flushing toilet) were supernatural phenomena? I've seen mist, and I've seen toilets flush, and I generally attribute both to natural causes.
Let's use a more obvious example. I show you a deck of cards and ask you to pick one without looking at it. What are the chances you picked the Ace of Spades? Now I take fifty of the other cards and turn them over. None of them are the Ace of Spades. So now we're down to two cards, the one you picked, and the last remaining one from the deck that you didn't pick. What are the chances you picked the Ace of Spades?
I don't know, but the image I got in my head was from Return of the Jedi when Luke is looking out the window of the Death Star as the Emperor taunts him. He's looking at the space battle, and all he really sees are little pops and flashes of light in the distance. That would probably be visible from a great distance, maybe even another star system, if the instruments were of sufficient quality, the system of sufficient proximity, and the explosions of sufficient type. That last one is perhaps an unknown variable that we can fudge if we want your idea to work.
**June 11, 2019** - Dinosaurs eat Torreyes, Womack inherits the earth
https://thumbs.gfycat.com/ActualImmaterialBrahmancow-max-1mb.gif
"With purpose"
I consider myself an nth-level lore-master, and can defend my claim if necessary. While I'm not necessarily saying "ignore it," I will tell you that visuals do not need to be considered canon. They can't be. If they were, we'd need to explain why Saavik looks different between STII and III. We'd need to explain the boom mikes visible in dozens of episodes, and the gum-chewing dude in Sela's pyramid. We'd need to explain why, during the Pegasus incident, Riker and Troi seem to suddenly get fat and old, and then suddenly revert back to normal. I have no interest in explaining any of these things. Instead, I'll grant the producers the conceit of styling the show the way they want, or need, to. Klingons have exactly one look (well, two, thanks to "Trials and Tribbleations"). The correct look for the Klingons is the one that *you* want them to be. If you want them to look like Worf, then all of them look like Worf. If you want them to look like Chang, then they all look like Chang. If you want them to look like L'Rell, they all look like L'Rell. I *hate* the DIS Klingons, but I don't think they're any kind of affront to continuity or to the spirit of what Klingons are "supposed" to be.
&gt; which is know for seeing patterns where there are none There you go, you've already explained it. You place significance in 119 for whatever reason, and in seeing it everywhere what you're actually doing is placing emphasis on the times you see 119 and disregarding all the times you *don't* see it. I bet you look at the clock more than twice a day, which is the maximum number of times you could see 1:19. I bet you get phone calls, even important ones, at times other than 1:19 (scroll through your call history and check). I see no references to 119 on this page. Is your birthday January 19th, or November 9th? Is it your apartment number? Your license plate number? Is it in your SSN? Did something important happen when you were 119 months old...and how many important things happened when you *weren't?*
I've got all that, but I'm still not seeing any issue.
It sounds like you already know all that is bullshit, and you're trying to get someone to phrase it in a way that leaves no doubt. That's not going to happen. I don't know your brain and I don't have the key that fits all the tumblers. I gave you my best shot, and it should be enough for a rational person (or there would be a rational counter-argument, or compelling evidence that the universe really is trying to show them a certain number). It will never be enough for an *irrational* person. If you're not ready to be rational right now, that's cool, it took a lot of rocking my tower back and forth before it came down. Although I would prefer you didn't vote.
&gt; What do you think of the Kazon? Not much.
Sometimes I wonder if he's stacking the deck.
Mr. Gorsky would disagree.
Term life policies are only good for a certain term, like 10 or 20 years. You're basically betting the company that you're going to die within those years, and they're betting that you won't. If you're 30 years old and in good health, and you get a 20-year term policy, the chances of you dying in those 20 years is pretty low. You're paying for peace of mind, to protect your family or business in the unlikely event that you do die. Also, a lot of people just stop paying their premiums and just let it lapse, and there's also an unfortunate percentage of people who die, but their beneficiaries don't know about or are unable to access the policy to make a claim. Source: in the biz
Well even if there's no medical, there's almost always an interview at the very least, and that will get you on record saying you're okay. If you get sick before applying and don't tell them, and the sickness kills you during the term, they'll put the pieces together and won't pay out.
http://memory-alpha.wikia.com/wiki/Star_Wars#Crossovers EDIT: Wait. Force Unleashed? Robert Beltran isn't in that.
I don't personally see a lot of group life come through but I deal mostly with individual agents, smaller brokerages and online mills who aren't going to be handling entire corporations' worth of employee benefits. Google says group was 46% in 2016.
Just because "Sabotage" exists doesn't mean "Intergalactic" does, and if "Intergalactic" does exist that doesn't mean the lyric is in there. It could be "like a spank on the ass from Dr. Spock" or a host of other options.
I'm not sure why you were taught this, unless somehow you're remembering it wrong. Not only does pretty much every star twinkle to some degree, but in all my years as an amateur astronomer I've never noticed the North Star twinkling to any significant degree. If you want a twinkling star, Sirius is like a rave party.
What are "energies?" For that matter, what are "toxins?" &gt; has saved countless lives I'd love to see some examples.
He wasn't claiming it was literally a midlife crisis. He was saying it occurred in the exact center of MJ's lifespan. He called it a "mid-life crisis" to be cute.
Unless it's a she, but assuming a poster is male is a habit I picked up a long time ago.
Two detectives seeking their own brand of justice on the mean streets of Miami.
Ugh. Teleportation in real life kills you (or just makes a copy of you). Transporters in Star Trek ***don't*** kill you. What's the difference, you ask? Technobabble. But they don't kill you. * If there was even a chance they killed you, no one would use them. It's not like the characters wouldn't be *aware* of such a danger, and it's not like society universally shifted its value system to the point where no one would care that they'd be committing suicide every time they went to work. How many times has the Enterprise rescued a member of a new species in an emergency? Of those times, how often did they ask permission and say "by the way you're about to die and be replaced with a doppelganger, if you're okay with that please sign this waiver?" * There are a handful of characters, like Barclay and Pulaski and Bones, who are afraid of the transporters. But they're *not* afraid of the metaphysical threat of being murdered and replaced with a clone. They're afraid of *accidents.* * In the Trek universe, consciousness can exist independent of a physical body ("Lonely Among Us" demonstrates this most plainly). If we're already taking this leap, we might as well just say that our consciousness would "ride" the transporter beam to the destination. Again, in the real world, there is nothing about the teleportation process that suggests you could move the same person from place to place and expect it to be the same instance of the person. That's teleportation. Notice that Trek doesn't call it the "teleporter." It's a different technology.
That's the very very last thing anyone in Portland would ever say.
I had my trip to St. Joseph MO planned for like ten years. I was checking the weather on an hourly basis the instant it appeared on the 10-day. The forecast was not good, and I gave it until it was about 48 hours out before I scrapped the whole thing and went to Plan D. Plan B was St. Louis, Plan C was South Carolina, and Plan D was "just get to the closest place that's most likely to have clear weather." That turned out to be Wyoming, which I drove to from Minneapolis on Sunday. I pulled off the highway (plenty of signs telling you not to, but everyone was doing it) and set up a chair in the exact center of totality in the exact center of nowhere. The weather could not have been more perfect, and it was the most moving experience of my life.
The...sun...sometimes...isn't even...there...?
"Parallels" didn't show the future. It showed alternate timelines.
It's been stated that The Picard Show is 20 years after Nemesis. Taking that literally means 2399. Faster than the TNG-era pace, but so was ST09.
He's probably also wondering how Ben Sisko could juggle a successful rap career, hit all those home runs for the Giants, and still serve two terms as President.
The most common individual life insurance policies in the US are term life, which offer a set premium over a certain number of years (10, 20, 30, etc.). After that, they expire, or can be converted to permanent life, or allowed to lapse because the premiums shoot way up. If you're a working-age adult with little to no health problems, you are paying well under $1000 a year for $1 million of term life. In other words, you'd have to pay a thousand years of fixed premium before you've put in more than you'd get out. Permanent is more expensive and can have variable premiums, the economics are different, but you'd still have to go several decades before you approach your face amount. It's true that the carriers profit far more from premium than in payouts, but that's because only a small fraction of policies are ever paid out. Most expire because they're term, or lapse from nonpayment for various reasons. Others qualify for a payout but their beneficiaries don't even know the policy exists. If one person gets their policy paid out, it's paid for not just by them but by twenty other insureds who don't die while they're covered.
For those who don't know, it's something of a myth that we're just spraying our tv and radio transmissions across the cosmos for anyone to pick up. While signals do leak into space and the distances covered in this image are technically accurate, we're not broadcasting with anywhere near the power required to reach even the nearest stars with anything stronger than a hiccup in background static. EM radiation dissipates rapidly according to the inverse square law; we need giant receivers just to communicate with the Voyager probes who are still within the influence of the solar system. We can send signals to other stars that can be picked up without planet-sized arrays, but they have to be aimed specifically and intentionally at the target and burst out with all the strength we have. Our tv transmissions are leaking out incidentally and are really only as strong as we need them to be for local purposes.
Your thesis isn't invalid, though: if the Paxans had been messing around with over-the-air transmissions of any kind *before* they decided to become xenophobic, then they'd potentially be in trouble even if the signals were incredibly weak. Another plot hole in the episode is the inevitable discovery of the missing time. They spend a day prepping for the memory loss. Data tells them it's only been 30 seconds. They then spend *at least* a couple additional days unraveling Data's lies, going back to the planet, and prepping for the memory wipe again. Once they wake up the final time, Data continues to say it's only been 30 seconds. They buy it, and Data gives himself a little smirk. ***Until they get to their next mission a fucking week late.*** The ship may have skipped some time, but the rest of the Federation didn't. Other episodes establish "time beacons" used to synchronize time. Someone is going to notice that the ship's watch is wayyyy off.
Humans aren't all alike. Parents have more than one kid, and those kids aren't the same as one another, they have differences. Some of them are taller than others, and some have darker hair. The more people there are, the more differences there will be. Animals are the same way. They have lots of kids, and they have lots of differences. One dog might be bigger than another dog. And the big dogs will have their own kids, and those kids will be bigger than the kids of the shorter dogs. If you wait a really really long time, there will be so many differences that one kind of animal will have become two kinds of animals. That's how we got all the animals on Earth, including humans. A really really long time ago, there was only one kind of animal, but it had lots of kids with lots of differences, and those kids had their own kids with even more differences, and eventually there were whole different animals like dogs and humans.
I can't prove god doesn't exist. Luckily, I've never made that claim. I'm an atheist because I don't believe any of the claims that god *does* exist.
If by "confirmed" you mean "unlikely to ever happen," then yes, it's confirmed.
The mobster who takes care of the brick in "Emergence."
&gt; And what helped me the most was just asking for God to reveal himself constantly. I did this for a long time, sincerely and actively. Nothing happened. Could you please ask him why he revealed himself to you and not to me?
I assure you I am very serious. Many atheists used to be devout theists who followed scripture and prayed regularly, constantly, even *desperately* looking for meaning or guidance or even just the acknowledgement that someone was looking out for them. They received no answer. While that in itself is not a reason to dismiss theistic claims, it certainly leads one to seek other avenues for making sense of the world. So let me know what he says!
Presumably it would have a character named Ryan Howard.
As my fellow kids like to say, All of your bases belong with our side.
This isn't anything to do with Jolene Blalock. Spock was also a "bad Vulcan." Worf was a bad Klingon, Quark a bad Ferengi, Odo a bad Changeling...Seven, in a sense, was a bad Borg. The most recent webisode suggests Saru may be a bad Kelpien. It's a common trope for the odd duck in the crew to be an outsider not just in Starfleet but among their own people as well. They may claim they're representing their culture but are in fact either grotesquely overcompensating their differences or so influenced by humanity's well-roundedness that their race (typically an exaggeration of a single human foible) starts to look alien to them. There are outsider characters who don't seem to betray what their species is "supposed" to be like, but they either don't have a fleshed-out culture (Data and the EMH) or their culture is fairly vanilla (Phlox and Neelix).
Death happens when all the things that keep us going stop. Our hearts aren't pumping blood, our lungs aren't taking in air, and our brains stop thinking. When all of these things stop working, there isn't anything to stop the cells in our body from dying off. Cells are always dying off, but they're being replaced. When they stop being replaced, then we just start to decay. It's difficult to say what being dead "feels" like, because you don't feel *anything*. It's often compared to what we "felt" before we were born. What was the year 1865 like for you? The question doesn't make sense, because you didn't exist. You won't exist in 2165 either. It won't feel like you're missing out though, because you won't be aware of it. You're not sad or lonely when you're dead. You might be sad or lonely when you *think about* being dead, but most people say the thing that helps the most is to make sure you do as much as you can during your life so that at the end you can say it was worth it.
It's more like 30,000 light-years to the center of the galaxy. But at any rate...why would it matter how long they were gathering the data? When they get what they need, they get what they need, whether it takes 5 days or 5 months or 5 minutes.
I'm not aware of the experiment you're talking about, but they're definitely not sending a signal and getting anything back. They're likely just gathering the data from the light we're getting right now.
In fairness, it is indeed possible to produce sheet music that shows every part of the orchestra. That's what the conductor's score looks like. You just wouldn't want to read it if you were only one instrument.
I pictured her as Dolores Umbridge before the movies came out.
Um, Jesus was a human-reptilian hybrid created by the elders of Zeta Reticuli to transition mankind into willful submission when the colonists arrive. This is undeniable fact.
**Ten longest streaks of consecutive seasons under .500** Pittsburgh Pirates 1993-2013 21 Philadelphia Phillies 1933-1948 16 Boston Red Sox 1919-1933 15 Philadelphia / Kansas City Athletics 1953-1967 15 Philadelphia Phillies 1918-1931 14 Seattle Mariners 1977-1990 14 Baltimore Orioles 1998-2011 14 Philadelphia Athletics 1934-1946 13 St. Louis Browns 1930-1941 12 Milwaukee Brewers 1993-2004 12 Detroit Tigers 1994-2005 12 **Ten longest streaks of consecutive seasons without a winning record (including .500 seasons)** Pittsburgh Pirates 1993-2013 21 Philadelphia Phillies 1933-1948 16 Boston Red Sox 1919-1934 16 Chicago Cubs 1947-1962 16 Philadelphia / Kansas City 1953-1967 15 Milwaukee Brewers 1993-2006 14 Philadelphia Phillies 1918-1931 14 St. Louis / Baltimore Orioles 1946-1959 14 Seattle Mariners 1977-1990 14 Baltimore Orioles 1998-2011 14 **Ten longest streaks of consecutive seasons over .500** New York Yankees 1926-1964 39 New York Yankees 1993-2018 26 Baltimore Orioles 1968-1985 18 Chicago White Sox 1951-1967 17 Boston Red Sox 1967-1982 16 Pittsburgh Pirates 1899-1913 15 St. Louis Cardinals 1939-1953 15 Atlanta Braves 1991-2005 15 Chicago Cubs 1926-1939 14 Milwaukee / Atlanta Braves 1953-1966 14 San Francisco Giants 1958-1971 14 Boston Red Sox 1998-2011 14 **Ten longest streaks of consecutive seasons without a losing record (including .500 seasons)** New York Yankees 1926-1964 39 New York Yankees 1993-2018 26 Baltimore Orioles 1968-1985 18 Chicago White Sox 1951-1967 17 Boston Red Sox 1967-1982 16 Pittsburgh Pirates 1899-1913 15 St. Louis Cardinals 1939-1953 15 Atlanta Braves 1991-2005 15 Chicago White Stockings 1878-1891 14 Chicago Cubs 1926-1939 14 Milwaukee / Atlanta Braves 1953-1966 14 San Francisco Giants 1958-1971 14 Boston Red Sox 1998-2011 14
I'm not sure what was wrong with the Enterprise from last season and not sure which "fans" were suggesting it be changed, but this is still an interesting screencap because it establishes the command tour duration for April and Pike. Looks like April had one five-year mission, and Pike is on his second (he'd do a third before ceding the chair to Kirk).
So you're suggesting they named the main character of the series after a pseudonym used in one episode that's as forgettable as it is terrible.
There aren't many guys left who even know what a double *is.*
The most compelling characters are generally the outsiders (something Trekkies stereotypically identify with), and on a mostly-human ship the outsiders tend to be aliens. My favorite characters include Data, Tuvok, the Doctor, and Phlox, all fish-out-of-water sorts and all non-human (though the Doctor may as well be human). Tilly is probably my favorite DIS character so far and although she's human (OR IS SHE) she's definitely not the kind of person who fits comfortably into every social niche.
Isn't this kinda just karma-farming? "Give me upvotes and I'll tell you who I think would win in an imaginary contest I haven't even bothered to explain."
A football.
This isn't controversial. Most time travel stories, Trek and otherwise, incorporate this into the structure even if indirectly. In the instances where ships "notice" timeline changes, they insert technobabble about being caught in the temporal wake. ST09 is the lone exception, as it purports to create a new timeline rather than overwrite the old one. It could of course be the case that it really did overwrite the old one, and we just haven't seen the timeline be erased yet. Or it was an already-existing alternate timeline formed naturally by quantum so-and-sos (as we saw in "Parallels") and that the future Nero and Spock characters were in fact from that timeline's future all along.
I do this with TNG, but VOY is certainly right up there in terms of presenting a comfortable family structure where "everything is okay." In fact I might say that the hardest death for me to take in the franchise is Carey, because he *almost* makes it to the end and is just snuffed out one episode too soon. I can see someone feeling that way about DS9 too. It's part of Trek's appeal for many of us.
TLDR: no release date, ten seconds of HD footage of a scene that's in slow motion anyway, three minutes of Ira talking *very* slowly.
Well, not really. The Julian calendar, which introduced leap years, was established by the Romans. The Christians used the same calendar, but added their own numbering system and BC/AD in what we now call the year 525. The Christian version lasted another thousand years until they realized they had to shave the occasional leap year off, and so introduced the Gregorian calendar in 1582. So Christian naming conventions predate the most recent calendar fix by a millennium.
All of this is true *now.* Polaris has only been called Polaris for maybe five hundred years...before that, the north celestial pole wasn't pointed at any star in particular, and they just used Ursa Minor to point north in the same way that Crux currently points south. For the Egyptians it was a star in Draco. So for most of history there's not really been a pole star as we enjoy one today, but rather an empty space that the sky revolves around (as the Southern sky currently does).
I'm not sure what you mean by "mirrors of each other." There just happens to be a continent at the South Pole and nothing at the North Pole. In some eras of Earth's history there was ocean at both poles, and in some there might perhaps have been land at both poles. The rotation of the Earth doesn't affect tectonic activity (at least not to the degree that you're suggesting).
Yeah! Theft is far less immoral than underpaying staff! If you don't agree with how a business is run, the only thing you *can* do is steal from them! I'm the same way with Walmart! They should treat their employees better, so to punish them I load my cart with electronics and walk *right* out the door!
That wasn't a communicator. It was a phaser.
The 1923 season opened April 17 with the Robins at home, tying 5-5 with the Phillies in a game that went 14 innings before being called. The Giants were on the road beating the Braves 4-1. Yankee Stadium debuted the next day with its tenants defeating the Red Sox 4-1. The Robins went on to post a 76-78 sixth-place record. The Giants went 95-58 and won their third straight pennant, but lost the Series in six games to the first-time champion, 98-54 Yankees. Babe Ruth won his only MVP by hitting .393 with 41 HR and 130 RBI, setting the walks record at 170 (which would stand for 78 years). Although no one knew it at the time, he managed a 14.1 bWAR which remains the single-season mark for position players. And this map showed you how to see all of it.
You, um, literally used the word "claiming" four times in that post. "I saw Jesus after he died" is a claim. To verify that claim, you need something *besides another claim.* Surveillance video would help, but as that's unlikely, perhaps a physical artifact Jesus left behind. What do we have regarding these claims that points to the *most likely explanation* being these people actually saw and/or heard the actual Jesus after his death? What do we have that rules out all other possibilities...that they're lying, that the people writing down their stories were lying, that they were simply mistaken, that the people writing down their stories were mistaken, that it was just someone who looked like Jesus, that it was actually Jesus but that Jesus didn't die in the first place, that they were hallucinating, that they were suffering from brain trauma...that's all I care to think of right now. What do we have along *those* lines?
So it stands to reason, then, that you believe that aliens are abducting people. The *documented, independent attestations* of claimed abductees all describe the same kinds of aliens in the same kinds of ships doing the same kinds of experiments and leaving the same kind of effects. *I* don't believe that people are being abducted by aliens, because that standard of evidence is nowhere *near* good enough to justify such a belief. And that's for a phenomenon happening *today* with people who are *still* alive and available for questioning, drawing a conclusion that as far as we've determined so far *is theoretically possible* (aliens might actually exist). What *you've* got, on the other hand, is a few claims, translated through multiple languages and sources over two millennia, from a handful of people, whom we can't verify even existed, who had already drunk the kool-aid, as it were, so they had a vested interest in their beliefs being strengthened and are thus not impartial, describing a phenomenon that would almost necessarily be supernatural, which is not a conclusion that has *ever* been adequate to explain *any* event in history, involving a man we can't verify even existed beyond reasonable doubt. The standard of evidence for such a claim *must* be higher than "a few believers said they saw him." You *can't* expect anyone to buy into this with that alone.
That's what you draw from what I said? Tell you what, I'll grant you that for the sake of argument. I'll amend. ___ So it stands to reason, then, that you believe that aliens are abducting people. The *documented, independent attestations* of claimed abductees all describe the same kinds of aliens in the same kinds of ships doing the same kinds of experiments and leaving the same kind of effects. *I* don't believe that people are being abducted by aliens, because that standard of evidence is nowhere *near* good enough to justify such a belief. And that's for a phenomenon happening *today* with people who are *still* alive and available for questioning, drawing a conclusion that as far as we've determined so far *is theoretically possible* (aliens might actually exist). What *you've* got, on the other hand, is a few claims, translated through multiple languages and sources over two millennia, from a handful of people, who had already drunk the kool-aid, as it were, so they had a vested interest in their beliefs being strengthened and are thus not impartial, describing a phenomenon that would almost necessarily be supernatural, which is not a conclusion that has *ever* been adequate to explain *any* event in history, involving a man we can't verify even existed beyond reasonable doubt. The standard of evidence for such a claim *must* be higher than "a few believers said they saw him." You *can't* expect anyone to buy into this with that alone.
I'm not sure why this is presented in a subjective way. If you're going to create tiers based on things like "amounts of success" and "playoff appearances" then you can just tally rings or postseason appearances or franchise W-L records or a combination of those and sort them accordingly. B-R does the math for you on their Teams page, though naturally that page is conveniently broken at the moment.
Polaris is closest to the north celestial pole in the middle of this century. Gradually it will drift away again, and after about a thousand years the pole will start to be closer to Gamma Cephei.
The higher, the fewer.
The entire Earth spins around its axis once every 24 hours. If you were standing twenty feet from the South Pole, the circle you'd make around the axis in a day would be so small that you'd only be turning at about 1/1000th of a mile per hour to make a full circle in a day. If you were standing at the equator, 6800 miles from the pole, the circle you're making around the axis is so *big* that you'd need to go over 1000 miles per hour to make it around in one day. So the speed things are moving at the equator is way way faster than the speed things are moving closer to the poles. We build our spaceports as close to the equator as we can so that we can take advantage of that speed. We try to point our launches east, in the direction the earth is spinning, to add the planet's rotational speed to the speed of the rocket as it blasts away from the surface. The US put its spaceport in Florida, which is the southernmost spot that was convenient; the Soviets put theirs in Kazakhstan, also the most convenient southerly location; and the Europeans put theirs in Guiana which is an equatorial South American territory ruled by France.
http://memory-alpha.wikia.com/wiki/Promenade#Set It comprised one-third of the full circle of the Promenade, and all the auxiliary sets such as the Infirmary and Odo's office were incorporated into it.
Jim Perry and Clyde Milan would also be up there. But there really isn't anyone left on either the MIN or WAS side who *should* be in Cooperstown and isn't, at least abiding by the OP's restrictions on recently-retired players.
Each conference sends six teams to the playoffs. Four of those teams are the four division champions. The other two are wild-cards, which are the two best teams that didn't win their division. For example, right now the NFC's wild-cards are the Seahawks at 8-6 and the Vikings at 8-6-1.
Yes. With only 16 games on the schedule, there are going to be a lot of ties. The NFL resolves ties with a series of [tiebreaker checks](https://www.nfl.com/standings/tiebreakingprocedures). The first step is to see if the two teams played each other this season. In this case, they did, and the Seahawks beat the Vikings, so the Seahawks would win the tiebreaker. Since both teams would be wild-cards in your scenario (SEA tie and both teams win next week), all this does is determine the *seeding*...Seattle would get the better seed, playing the fourth-best division winner, while Minnesota would play the third-best division winner.
I'm not particularly interested in what my position is *called.* My position remains "I am not convinced by any god claims." I'm minding my own business and the claims come to me; that's why operating without the presumption that claims are true is the default position. I call it "atheism" and so do most atheists, and if you want to call it something else that's cool. I don't care what you call me, I care about the position itself.
That doesn't seem like a fallacy. If you were trying to demonstrate the fallacy in the OP, I'm not sure you succeeded. I indeed do not believe that the position "a god exists" is justified, and am unsure why my position would be poor logic.
&gt; I indeed do not believe the proposition there is a godless reality is justified and I'm unsure why that would be poor logic. Reality under the scope of how much we've discovered about it so far seems to work fine without a god. But other than that, I *also* do not believe the claim that *no* gods exist. &gt; You don't see how that gives us no knowledge about either position? It's up to each of us to expound upon our own position, not for the other to deduce and reach conclusions about what we believe. &gt; If you think you are being neutral Whether I am being neutral depends on the topic. I'm not neutral on *claims,* but I can be neutral on *questions.*
I got them all with plenty of time but that's because I cut my teeth on stat memorization on Sporcle #sporclemasterrace
"Tapestry" (It's a Wonderful Life) "One" "Projections" "Mark of Gideon" "Calypso" et al. (Home Alone) "Suddenly Human" (Elf) "Devil's Due" (Miracle on 34th Street) "Threshold" (Star Wars Holiday Special)
&gt; Dec 21, 2012, the date of a galactic alignment. 12/21/2012 was not the date of a "galactic alignment." It was just a solstice and nothing more. The big mystery is how that idea even got itself attached to the 2012 fervor. &gt; We'll call that "debateable" since we don't know for sure. Well, again, we don't know why the Maya decided to start their calendar on that particular date in 3114 BC, but we *do* know that it was *not* based on any real, significant astronomical event...unless, of course, they *intended* to and just got the math very wrong. We can easily predict astronomical events into the past as well as into the future, and we *know* that nothing of interest occurred on or around that epoch. That isn't up for debate. The Maya's grasp of astronomy came from their ability to observe the movement of planets and stars over time and do the math. It's actually rather elementary; the Egyptians, the Persians, the Chinese, they all did it too. You and I could do it, it's just that you and I have someone else growing our food for us so instead of worrying about counting time we go inside and watch Netflix. The Maya knew the clockwork of planets and stars, but they had no way of knowing what the planets and stars *were.* They were entirely ignorant of the reality of the heavens. They certainly *could not* have understood that the Milky Way was the inside view of a barred spiral galaxy, let alone identify its center or equator or whatever else is attached to this myth about the Maya having advanced understanding of the universe.
&gt; God "suggested" that 6000 years ago? Why doesnt His "opinion" count? While rejecting the biblical Sabbath, setting up a rival Sabbath? That's idolatry. Why not suggest obeying THE SABBATH? What's so bad about that? Why make up your own vows in marriage to your creator that has already made a covenant with HIS terms for His creation? Being the manufacturer... doesn't HIS design deserve a shot? Why not give it a shot... The Seventh Day Sabbath... The Original! You'll be blessed for it. You need to understand that when it comes to matters of science, of figuring out how the world works and how to change it, your bible and your god are of no importance *at all.* We aren't afraid of breaking any "covenant" or building "idols" or ignoring or offending your god. Reality works without the bible. It is of no value except to your own personal system of values. When you rant and ramble like this, you just come off like a crazy person. Now if your god agrees with you and wants to make his point known, what he *could* do is just tell us in no uncertain terms what the deal is and what he expects. Not through vague signs, but through unmistakable verbal language. If he communicated clearly, there would be no issue.
I'm very sorry, but this simply is not true. Here is the position of the sun at sunrise in Belmopan, Belize (which would have been part of Maya territory) on 21 Dec 2012. I captured it using Starry Night Pro 6, one of several programs I use as an amateur astronomer, by hiding daylight and horizon. https://i.imgur.com/l0JIQrp.jpg (if it doesn't work, sorry, I'm bad at imgur) The two lines represent the galactic equator (which the sun crosses twice a year, every year, making it meaningless...the last time it crossed the line on the solstice was 1998) and the galactic meridian. The point where the lines cross is the geographical center of the galaxy itself. The sun *never* meets this point. It crosses the galactic meridian "above" the central point around the first week of December and drifts northwest at an oblique angle over the next couple of weeks until it crosses the galactic equator in late December. It *did* cross the equator on the solstice itself...in 1998. I'm not sure where you're getting your information but it is false.
Hi! Could you demonstrate where you got the idea that Riker's beard was "non regulation," considering we see many officers sporting beards? Also, could you rationalize the following into your theory that Riker is a Q? * Overpowered physically by numerous adversaries * Lost comrades on away teams without resurrecting them * Susceptible to human emotions such as aggression, frustration, arousal, and love * Generally oblivious to the mystery of the week until another member of the crew solves the issue * Cloned without his knowledge or consent * Has a father * Nearly killed by an infection and forced to endure a clip show * In danger of conviction of the murder of Dr. Apgar * Captured by the Ferengi * Captured by an alien child and forced to endure two constructed realities * Critically injured on Malcor III * Life placed in peril when joining with the Odan symbiont * Does nothing to stop the crystalline entity from destroying the new colony * Is Patient Zero in the Ktarian Game plot * Loses his memory in the Satarran plot against the Lysians * Fails to save Soren from gender conversion therapy * Allows the Enterprise to be destroyed dozens of times in a time loop * Abducted multiple times by subspace aliens * Allows another Q to force him to fall in love with her * Lets Jellico relieve him of command * Taken hostage during the baryon sweep incident * Captured on Talonis IV and forced to endure a multi-layered hallucination of insanity * Cloned by a transporter * Devolves into an australopithecus * Jeopardizes his career by exposing the Pegasus project * Revealed to exist in multiple quantum realities including one where he is one of the few remaining senior officers in a galaxy conquered by the Borg
&gt; Is it possible for a planet to exist that has no sentient species Yes. Earth had a thriving biosphere for over three billion years before humans appeared. There isn't anything about evolution that requires sentience to emerge. It would seem as though natural selection favors intelligence, but it's still not a given that intelligence reaches a point where you have self-aware, problem-solving creatures capable of developing a civilization.
The Vermontians. Seriously, one possibility is that the charter member was not "Humans" but "Earth," and that Mars and Proxima and other sovereign human settlements would have to join of their own accord. And they probably did, immediately.
The way I interpret it, the "Parallels" timelines are just naturally-formed timelines that pop up with every "choice" made in the universe. They are part of the Prime timeline until a certain point of divergence (like "Napoleon wins"); they explain this in the episode, and the "many-worlds" interpretation is a real-life thing. The Mirror Universe, on the other hand, is an entirely separate universe that serves as a complement to the Prime universe. It would have had no point of divergence and "always" existed alongside the normal one. The consequence of this line of thinking is that the Mirror Universe would have its own infinite "Parallels" type alternate timelines.
Read my last paragraph again :D
We're still on pace for a nice consolation wild card loss to the Yankees though.
And so Worf finds himself leaping from timeline to timeline, striving to put right what once went wrong, and hoping each time that his next leap...*would be the leap home...*
You've asserted that empirical evidence is flawed and not objectively true, and not provided any reasoning to support that assertion.
Other than the scene in STIV and the "here's all the ships named Enterprise" displays in TMP, TNG and ENT, the Enterprise aircraft carriers have never been mentioned in the franchise. CVN-80 didn't even exist as a *concept* until a few years ago.
I'd have to imagine they have some sci-fi, technobabbly power source that makes Dyson spheres impractical.
*The Federation* may have a better power source. The people who made that Dyson sphere didn't discover that power source. Or did after they built the sphere, explaining why it's abandoned.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=V0I5mM4Owto
32000c gets you from Earth to Alpha Centauri in about 80 minutes. I bet if you *really* stretched the fastest ships in 24th-century Starfleet, up to like 9.99, they could approach that speed. So another generation or so of improvement and it could be feasible. Also note that the ships in the Kelvin timeline seem to go that fast if not faster.
&gt; 5 years or less I bet till its world wide. It's difficult to envision a law that would be *less* likely to pass in the United States.
Having two weekdays off was paradise. Theaters were empty, parks were empty, stores were empty. The world was mine. That's the one thing I miss about retail.
Utilitarianism advocates for the well-being of all people (and sometimes all living things). Elderly and handicapped people fall under that umbrella. The only way caring for them would cause a net harm would be if resources were limited in the short-term, which they are not.
No, that's not the Utilitarian solution. The Utilitarian solution is to maximize the well-being of *all people.* Elderly and handicapped count as "all people."
If you want money spent on their care to be spread to the rest of the population, my first suggestion would be to make do with 19 stealth bombers instead of 20.
&gt; Have you ever tried to seek and discover God, specifically followed the Bible and became willing to believe and to make changes if and after you started believing? Yes. In fact, many, many, many atheists used to be devout Christians before deconverting. &gt; If there was a God, and He were the truth, wouldn't you do everything you can to seek Him? Yes. I'm doing it now; I want to know the reality of the universe, whether or not a god is part of that reality. It's not that I *won't* believe, it's that I *can't* believe. Belief isn't a choice; you're either convinced a proposition is true or you aren't. I'm not convinced any gods exist. That can be changed by convincing me. &gt; because it worked for me. Cool! Does your god ever talk to you? If so, ask it why it doesn't show itself to me or to any of the millions upon millions of people who *earnestly, desperately tried* to get an answer and were met with silence.
Stars do emit light, but there's nothing in space for the light to bounce off of. The light bulbs in your house light up the rooms because the light hits the walls and objects in the room. Space doesn't have any walls or objects.
By contrast, the final game of the original Washington Senators in 1960 was played to its conclusion, but it was still a loss because they were the Washington Senators.
&gt; Can't you see it's out of control or are you blind? I'm not who you responded to; in fact I don't think "because we can" is a good reason. But I assure you that things are not "out of control." I can see how an outsider might perceive it that way, if all you see is the seemingly constant flow of reported mass shootings in the media. You might assume that's just the tip of the iceberg and that the US is a war zone with bullets flying everywhere you go. But all the mass shootings you hear about are exactly that: *all* of them. They get national coverage every time because it *is* something we care about and something we argue about. It's easy to focus on them because *compared to other crimes and tragedies,* mass shootings are rare enough that we can do that as a nation. Remember that thing about Tide pods, how the media went crazy thinking kids were eating laundry soap? There were like two actual incidents of that. But the media devoted a ton of time and energy ranting and raving about it, and when an actual incident somewhere in America occurred, the media put flashing lights and sirens on it saying "SEE IT'S AN EPIDEMIC." No, it wasn't. It happened twice. We heard about 100% of the times it happened. There is a wikipedia page called "List of school shootings in the United States" and it's *really* long. Is there a page called "List of drunk-driving fatalities in the United States?" There isn't. It would be much, much, much longer, and take up much, much more media coverage if that's what the media decided to focus on. But there are no calls to ban either cars or alcohol (in fact we tried that one and it failed spectacularly, and the lessons we learned from that are part of the reason we don't ban guns). And cars are used as weapons now (*cough* particularly in Europe *cough*). And so are knives and bombs. People are killed by drunk driving all the time, in every city in America, on at least a weekly basis in each city. But I've never felt like I was in danger on the road. And I've never felt like I was in danger in a school or other public place, unless it happened to be in a bad part of town (as others have pointed out, most gun violence is related to gangs). I don't own a gun, I've never fired a gun, almost no one else I know owns a gun, and I've seen literally maybe three or four actual guns in my life. That is much more likely to be the experience of the average 21st-century American than "man gunshots are just keeping me up all night can't even concentrate on work anymore." We're not trigger-happy, we're a legion of responsible people and a handful of *mentally ill* people who would find a way to kill whether or not they could get their hands on a firearm.
So you started a *new* thread to ask for *more* money because it would "help the book economy."
This sub is mainly young people who were brought up in religion and, upon finding their way out, felt like they were lied to by everyone they knew, and may also feel trapped because they're still living among religious people in a religious culture. So they act out, and often adopt the position of "how can people be so blind/stupid when it's all so obviously fake." The toxicity usually goes away in time. Not an excuse for their behavior, merely an explanation.
Is that the official view of your sect of Protestantism, that the Bible is not meant to be taken literally? If it's simply a collection of parables, why give it any more import than Homer or Shakespeare or other myths? For example: did the Eden story actually happen? If not, do we actually carry original sin? If not, why was Jesus important?
So you're under the impression that...*TOS*...is the paradigm by which we judge all of Star Trek, and that enjoying...*DS9*...is a controversial view.
The NFL has two conferences. Each conference has four divisions. The four division champions in each conference make the playoffs. Additionally, each conference sends two wild-cards -- the two teams who have the best record but didn't win their division -- to the playoffs. This means six teams in each conference play on. Of the division winners, the two best teams in each conference get a bye in the first round, which means they don't have to play until the second round. The third-best division winner hosts the second-best wild-card in the first round, and the fourth-best division winner hosts the best wild-card.
This is a troll. A simple google search of random phrases show this to be a copypasta (at least partially if not fully credited to Ray Comfort himself), and the OP seems to be a sincere contributor to furry forums. Of course, no one here is going to care, and they're going to seriously respond to it anyway.
Which parts are your own words?
To my knowledge the only episode related to Hortaculture is "Devil in the Dark."
https://media.giphy.com/media/Le6oFSUWEDLdm/giphy.gif
No books are canon.
Low tide here is high tide somewhere else. If you pour a little bit of water into a dish and slosh it around, the water moves from one place to another. That's all that's happening in the oceans, it's just caused by gravity instead.
The most popular maps are those in the book *Star Trek Star Charts* by Geoffrey Mandel. They are not canon, but are very well done and are now being drawn on for onscreen canon maps shown in DIS.
"You've followed them for seven years, now go to the theater and buy a ticket to see the ending!" doesn't market very well.
Dude that's a Lite-Brite. Am I that old?
There was a guy named Ron Obvious who once tried to *jump* it. He fell short though.
*There* we go.
&gt; Does this show fundamentally change in S2? Does it change fundamentally in style, or presentation? No. Are the stories and characters more palatable, likable and fun? Yes.
Fun fact: this game contains two of just four at-bats in baseball history, postseason or otherwise, in which the team that would go on to win the World Series was down to their final strike. The other two were in Game 6 of the '86 Series. These ABs combined for a total of seven last-strike pitches (Ray Knight 1, Mookie Wilson 3, David Freese 1, Lance Berkman 2). You could probably get a few more by counting last-strike situations in *any* game during a championship campaign (i.e. a team that finishes over another by one game might have won a last-strike scenario against that opponent back on May 3).
Sarek knew about the Discovery too, so Picard would have gained that knowledge during his meld with the elder ambassador.
No, but Sarek was clearly trying to unload everything that was causing him emotional pain. His relationship with Michael would most assuredly qualify.
I have anxiety about things like the circulatory system too...I don't like feeling my pulse or seeing my own veins, and I get very uncomfortable hearing about heart disease and strokes. I don't go to the doctor because I hate blood tests so much. I work in life insurance too, and I'm ordering blood tests every day and considering underwriting decisions based on people's family heart history. I have to compartmentalize all that as just data on a screen. It's related to a fear of your own mortality. You'd like to believe that you're some kind of invincible, transcendental entity in command and control of every aspect of your life. It can be very unsettling to be reminded that your body is not much more than just a..."thing", a physical, biological-mechanical object that is capable of malfunctioning. At the center of it all is that little muscle that's been doing its job automatically all your life, and basic biology courses tell you enough to know *what* it does but not necessarily *how* it does it, and the first time it screws up could be the last thing you experience.
Oh yeah?!? Let's see about *that.* Cosine rule: c^2 = a^2 + b^2 - 2abcosC a = approx. 390ft (404ft to straightaway center, wall seems more or less parallel to the front of the plate, just estimating) b = 90ft (home to first) C = approx. 40 degrees (45 to straightaway center, just estimating) c^2 = 390^2 + 90^2 - 2(390)(90)cos(40) c^2 = 152100 + 8100 - 70200(.766) c^2 = 160200 - 53773.2 c^2 = 106426.8 c = 326.23ft Subtract approx. 10ft for running throw and approx. 10ft for final bounce c = 306.23ft See? 30*6* feet. What the hell does StatCast know?
In 2014, Ken Burns mentioned in an interview that the 11th Inning of his Baseball documentary, covering the 2010s, would open with this game. Considering his skill at spinning each chapter with a relevant narrative, I don't think he could pick a better prologue for the way this decade ultimately turned out. The last ten years have seen a radical shift in the way baseball has acted toward the changing world around it. It has accepted sabermetrics and advanced analytics with the rise of StatCast and OSD. It has embraced social media and the communal spirit of the game that culminated in the national ecstasy of Game 162. And it has, for the most part, allowed instant replay to bring the actual playing of the game itself into the twenty-first century. Like Ray Chapman or Franz Ferdinand before him, Armando Galarraga didn't single-handedly usher in a new era, but rather held a match atop a pile of dynamite that had already been gathered by fate. The 2010s began this day.
FWIW, you can tell by the reflection that this was obviously taken in a music store, and not something like a production stage or prop room. That in itself doesn't mean anything one way or the other, but if you're thinking "this is on set and they're filming!" you're jumping the gun.
Then win the division and hope the other wild-card beats the Yankees.
You know the Twins are impressing the stats people when they start including the Senators in the records.
Well, it's not really a "concept" so much as the reality of the franchise's history. If it *were* up to us, I think I'd go ahead and pick the history where we're one of the charter members of the American League, claim an extra three pennants and one championship, and boast the greatest pitcher who ever lived.
Brute-force, by examining every elimination game played by a WS winner.
Christ you guys even fight about how well you're fighting.
In the novel "Shoeless Joe," the titular character asks about the lights in the cornfield and Ray says "all the parks have them now, except Wrigley Field." The film adaptation, Field of Dreams, was filmed in 1988, and they changed the line to "all the parks have them now...even Wrigley Field." Ray chuckles a little when he says it.
Welcome to the Hotel Caligornia
What could possibly have possessed you to think anyone would ever click that?
Nope. [This is Pie Traynor in 1922.](https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/c/cd/Pie_Traynor.jpg) There are only 13 guys in this picture, it's not a major-league team in the 20th century.
All you have to do is put the guy's name into either baseball-reference or wikipedia. Even after 150 years there have been less than 20,000 men who have played in the majors and they're all accounted for.
&gt; After a quarter of the season done They're way past a quarter. 60 games out of 162 is about 3/8 of the season.
Five starters in 1922? It's not the Pirates. [This is the '22 Pirates](https://www.robertedwardauctions.com/auction/2018/spring/2115-circa-1922-pittsburgh-pirates-team-panorama-cuyler-traynor-maranville-mckechnie-dreyfuss.jpg)...no bigger version, but it gives you an idea of what major-league team photos looked like. None of these guys look like anyone on that team, which included three Hall-of-Famers.
Sadly we've all been thinking of old Two Sheds today.
Hey, y'all remember 9/11? You know, planes crashing, buildings collapsing, two wars, God Bless America, be nice to firemen, defining event of our lives...that 9/11? Kyren Paris doesn't. He was born on November 11th, 2001. That's after 9/11. It's after the anthrax attacks, after the invasion of Afghanistan, after Bonds hit 73, and after Gonzalez walked off Mariano. Who is Kyren Paris? Oh, sorry. Kyren Paris was picked by the Angels in the second round last night. Kyren Paris was born after 9/11. If he's as good as the Angels think he is, in a couple of years he will have his own baseball card. Mr. Manfred is right: this game has serious pace-of-play issues. It needs to *slow the fuck down.*
I've been a Trekkie for most of my 38 years and it was exactly two minutes ago that I learned James Doohan's middle name was Montgomery.
Most of the time you need to actually be focusing on stars to take pictures of them. Go out on a clear night and take a picture of something with your phone, like a tree. It's unlikely any stars will appear in your photo, because your camera is focused on the tree. Videos taken from the ISS are either focused on the Earth or on something inside the station.
Few authorities still recognize the 01-02 Orioles and the Yankees as the same franchise. "Not enough" of the Orioles made it to New York.
I want to second this: "The Cage" is indeed in the S3 set, and that's because, as others have said, it wasn't part of TOS and didn't air until 1988.
Well, *I* appreciated the thought.
"I'm still here. We're *all* still here."
You're describing films that were shot in "matted" style. The original standard aspect ratio of most films was about 4:3 (technically 1.37:1) until TV came along. TVs adopted Hollywood's 4:3 ratio, but to combat the competition Hollywood began producing films in widescreen. The trick is, the actual film itself, as in the hardware of the camera and film stock, was often *still* a 4:3 ratio. The director and cinematographer would have the widescreen ratio in mind -- perhaps with a superimposed rectangle on the camera viewer -- and just framed their shots with the top and bottom being ultimately useless. They would then distribute the film with mattes covering the unused top and bottom parts. When cutting the film for 4:3 television, editors had a choice (or perhaps they didn't and just went with whatever option they were given). They could use the finished, matted widescreen version and just pan from side to side depending on the focus of the scene (called "pan and scan"). Or they could get their hands on the original, un-matted print that was in a nice convenient 4:3 format (called "full screen" or "full frame"). The consequence of the "full screen" presentation is that a big chunk of that top and bottom part of the frame is not intended to be seen, so there are lots of occasions where boom mikes and other revealing mistakes are visible in full screen movies but hidden in the widescreen release. So for several decades, movies seen on TV usually had either a jarring pan-and-scan effect or had crew equipment occasionally popping in. VHS widescreen releases began to gain in popularity in the 90s and for a number of years DVDs were sold in either widescreen or fullscreen/pan-and-scan versions (or sometimes both on one disc) as 16:9 televisions began to take over. I worked at a video store throughout this transition period in the 2000s and can attest to the outcry from 4:3 TV owners who didn't want to see the "black bars" on widescreen movies ("I paid full price for my TV!").
The mind is an emergent property of a physical brain. A brain takes in sensory inputs and reacts to them, and the act of the brain doing so is called "mind." Our minds seem so complex because our brains are complex. Our minds are malleable and subject to alteration based on physical influences: chemicals, symbiotic bacteria, trauma, genetics, etc. If a person gets in a nasty accident and injures their brain, their entire personality can change and it affects their feelings toward loved ones and opinions and beliefs. So the "properties of a mind" are in fact "properties of a brain" and are absolutely dependent upon physical matter. You can't have a mind without a brain; well, at least, if you could, you'd have to demonstrate it, which would be the most astounding and revolutionary discovery of all time. Note that even the artificial "minds" we've begun to create like Deep Blue and Watson and Siri are still contained within physical "brains" even if that means decentralized distributed servers and hard drives around the world.
Evolution is a tree, not a ladder. There isn't a "goal" where monkeys are ultimately destined to become humans...it only happened that way once, and will never happen again. There will never be another species of humans (other than, perhaps, species descended from our own). Apes could evolve into an intelligent humanoid species, but it wouldn't be "us," it would be a different species with its own traits.
I'm gonna go ahead and make a modest wager that he never said anything of the kind.
Canon in Star Trek is *only* the TV series and films. Nothing else. For a canon timeline you can start with [Memory Alpha's timeline](https://memory-alpha.fandom.com/wiki/Timeline), and go down that rabbit hole depending on how detailed you want to get. If you want a basic rundown of when the various series take place, I'm very surprised you haven't found one since there are thousands...I can type one up in a couple minutes. Non-canon sources like comics and novels and games are chronicled in M-A's non-canon counterpart Memory Beta, which has its own version of a [Trek timeline.](https://memory-beta.fandom.com/wiki/Timeline) It should be stressed that "Memory Beta" is just a play on "Memory Alpha" which is derived from the show...there is no such thing as "alpha" and "beta" canon like Star Wars used to have.
I try to 100% every game I play, but when I discovered how many korok seeds there were I decided there were probably more important things I could be doing with my life. Got everything else though.
I decided to play BotW without any help just like the original Zelda (I only looked up the total number of seeds after everything else was done), so for me finding all of them would have required systematically combing the entire map with that korok-finding mask. Nope!
&gt; with some ~~grass~~ **obviously artificial turf** and a puddle
&gt; Besides, the canon remains bastardised, not speaking of it doesn't make it go away. And I don't even think the canon *is* bastardized. Virtually everything in DIS can be jammed into continuity without a great deal of effort. They didn't *need* such a hokey attempt to cover their bases...the only loose end that probably could have been tied up was what happened to S31's public profile. Any other problems we find could be safely ignored and it just seems like they were bending over backwards to placate a small group of fans who didn't see that.
The Federation uses antimatter in common, everyday applications, but it is also the most destructive naturally-occurring force known to real science.
This is very well done! Just a note that if you were to apply the term "alpha canon" to its strictest intent (and btw there isn't actually "alpha" and "beta," only "canon" and "non-canon," but that's another point), most of the dates after DIS are conjecture and not canonically established. We know the Common Era year of three episodes ("Neutral Zone," "Eye of the Needle," and "The 37s"), but the concept of TNG-era seasons being contained within one Earth calendar year beginning on January 1 is a conceit invented by production, fans, or both, and has never made it on screen...indeed, there have been projects showing this conceit is *not* the case. It's something we've generally come to just accept for the sake of convenience. Complicating matters is that M-A presents these conventions as though they were canon gospel, and, like the Okuda books before it, extrapolates relative dates in the simplest way possible (e.g. "a hundred years ago" always means *exactly one hundred years ago*). Additionally, the idea of TOS basically being "original airdate plus 300 years" is something that was arrived at by production after the show ended its run (TOS never even nailed down what *century* it was in). We eventually learn Kirk's five-year mission ended in 2270 (unless Icheb was wrong), but that tells us nothing about the time frame of any particular TOS/TAS season or episode including "Where No Man" (or even "The Cage", unless there has been dialogue in DIS that I haven't committed to memory). Again, we generally just accept these dates for simplicity's sake. Having said all that, the new era of Trek is being produced by people who are so committed to getting the details right that they lift their background information directly from M-A, assuming that it must be official because it's the canon wiki. So as we proceed through new series, any callbacks which require a calendar date are going to be using these conventions, and will thus finally become actual canon.
I'm just glad Joe's favorite umpire Angel Hernandez is working the plate tonight.
Might be easier for him to wait until the TX teams are realigned out of the West.
The Senators' history is part of the Twins franchise, but the Twins rarely recognize it. Even if they did, pretty much every Senators player who might be deserving of number retirement played all or most of their careers before the Senators started wearing numbers.
I suppose I'd justify it as that he knew there was a Kai, but didn't know her name, knew only her second name thinking that was the important part (humans' ignorance of this was established in "Ensign Ro"), or just forgot it assuming that he'd only need to worry about the political ministers and not the religious leaders.
I believe Netflix has versions of the episodes that weren't the original aired versions. For example, I don't think they've ever had the haunted house cold opening (Michael as "Dick in a Box" and Jim as "Book Face"...I forget the episode). And I do recall this moment being a deleted scene...at the very least, there were definitely parts of this scene that were in the deleted scenes extras. I think Michael's "Me Lub Yoy Long Tim" talking computer scene was originally a deleted scene too, and that's in the Netflix version.
Well he made up for it by following up with "you know what, on second thought, let us define progress to mean my foot, and diplomacy to mean the Klingons' ass."
Not to mention a *very* strong 1-3 rotation and a bullpen that is refreshingly free of humiliation.
Seems like it would be an easy fix to just get rid of Satan altogether (or remove his powers) and then proceed to answer prayers and reveal majesty and so on. But what do I know.
Can you demonstrate that the Enterprise in DIS is "bigger" than the one in TOS? The Kelvin timeline is...a different timeline. The Enterprise in that timeline was constructed over a decade later, it's literally a different ship.
&gt; I wonder if doing that specifically broke up Worf and Troi, and led directly to Troi and Riker getting married. Conjecture: Worf and Deanna continue their courtship into 2371. It starts getting serious, but Riker grows increasingly uncomfortable. He still has feelings for Troi and begins to resent Worf swooping in. Worf is promoted to lieutenant commander and a ceremony is held on a holographic sailing ship. As the announcement is made, Troi rushes up to congratulate him, and the two embrace. This puts Riker in a foul mood. He brusquely excuses himself and leaves the holodeck. Worf performs the traditional "badge of office" ritual, leaping from a plank to catch a hat. He catches it...and returns safely to the deck, again into Troi's arms. The Enterprise receives a distress call from the Amargosa Observatory. It's been attacked by Romulans who are looking for stolen trilithium. An away team rescues an El-Aurian scientist, Tolian Soran, who is working on a very important experiment. After being rebuffed by Captain Picard, he sneaks back onto the observatory to finish his work, and attacks the officers investigating. Unfortunately for him, one of these officers is the android Data who, showing unnatural, unemotional calm under pressure, casually subdues Soran. The crew discovers Soran has been building a trilithium weapon capable of destroying stars, all in an attempt to return to an extradimensional nexus. Soran is arrested and the Enterprise-D continues about its merry way. A year later, Worf's presence is requested on station Deep Space 9, to help facilitate a joint mission between the Federation and the Klingons. He is then asked to stay on the station permanently. With Riker now no longer speaking to either of them, Troi elects to follow Worf, becoming the station's counselor. The two are eventually married. Three years later, Worf and Troi succeed in conceiving a child. Troi gratefully visits the station's temple to thank the Prophets for their blessing. While there, she encounters the Cardassian Dukat who, inhabited by a pah-wraith, promptly kills her. Riker, now captain of the Enterprise-D after Picard accepted an ambassadorship, considers this the last straw, blaming Worf for Deanna's death and cutting off all ties with him. He serves another few tours on the Enterprise before being promoted to Admiral. Worf is given a seat on the High Council by his friend Martok. When Romulus is destroyed by a supernova in 2387, the Klingons take over the remnants of the Romulan Empire, and relations between the Klingons and the Federation begin to sour. Worf, blinded by grief and rage against his former comrade, advocates for Klingon isolationism, and the treaty is eventually scrapped. OR In 2370 the entity Q begins moving Picard back and forth through time. Picard sees the world in 2395, sees that all good things had come to an end, and when he returns to his own time he tells his friends about their futures in the hope that some things would never happen. Worf and Riker take this advice to heart. Though Riker feels he could keep his feelings in check, Worf decides the honorable thing is to allow friendship to take precedence over romance. He speaks with Deanna and they agree to end their relationship. Worf is promoted to lieutenant commander anyway, but during the ceremony Riker playfully causes the Klingon to fall into the holographic sea. Data, attempting to join the fun, pushes Dr. Crusher overboard, and as a result decides to install an emotion chip to better understand humor. It malfunctions on the Amargosa Observatory and he is unable to save Geordi La Forge from being taken prisoner. Geordi's VISOR is hacked and the Klingons learn the Enterprise's shield frequency and destroy the ship. Worf goes to Deep Space 9 and marries Jadzia Dax, while Troi marries Riker. That's...*retract* plank, Number One.
Think of the difference in processing power between the machine you took the picture of and the machine you used to take the picture.
&gt; Mauer's Twins HOF induction That wasn't the Twins HOF, it was his number retirement. The Twins HOF will be a different ceremony that they trot him out for in a couple years, after the statue ceremony and the gate-naming ceremony, to be followed hopefully by Cooperstown.
I agree. For instance, after a few seasons, DS9 dove into the Dominion War. And it was great! Then there was TOS, where after a few seasons, the main story kicked in, which was...um...uh... Oh yeah, and TNG, where after a few seasons, the main story kicked in: the story of...the, um...you know, the, uh... Let's not forget VOY, where after a few seasons, the main story kicked in, and we got a great sweeping arc of...the saga of...well, let's see... And finally ENT, where after a few seasons we got the Xindi arc, which was...just...terrific... Such nostalgia. Not like those pesky Marvel movies that set up its characters in stand-alone stories and carefully wove their arcs together into a grand narrative culminating in an immensely satisfying climax. Yuck!
This is now the Twins' longest game by innings in 15 years, and the longest by innings for the Red Sox since Game 3.
When your bank says no, Champion says *yes.*
Technically a team could go 54-108 and still pull this off. I mean, the Twins are on pace to *win* 108, but to each his own.
&gt; What does USS stand for? It's been mentioned as both "United Space Ship" and "United Star Ship." Both are obviously very lame, and you could perhaps instead imagine that it stands for something a little more proper but in an alien language. &gt; Is there more then one Enterprise? Well not at the same time, but the Enterprise from TOS and the one from TNG are a century apart and are obviously different ships. The Enterprise in TNG is denoted as 1701-D, the "D" meaning that it's the fifth Federation ship with that name and registry number. &gt; Where are all the Vulcans? Oh they're there. Starfleet *seems* to be a predominantly Human operation (we eventually learn that Starfleet predates the Federation), so most of the people you see on the ship are going to be human with other aliens sprinkled in. One of the doctors on the Enterprise is a Vulcan, but you only see her once. There are a couple of episodes that feature Vulcans. &gt; Is Q Evil ? "Evil" can be subjective. Keep watching and try to form your own conclusions.
&gt; It points North within 5 hundredths of a degree. Well, it doesn't "point" anywhere, except straight up. It's a structure with a square base, so if it's lined up with north, it's lined up with east west and south too. It is lined up that way to great precision, but this isn't particularly amazing for any civilization at any time. &gt; If you look at the various dimensions of the pyramid, each part can be multiplied by a whole number to give the total height of the Great Pyramid. The surface of the 4 sides, divided by the surface of the base equals the famous Golden Ratio. If this is even true, it's neat, but not especially amazing. I would expect a shape like a square-based pyramid to exhibit qualities like these whether or not it was a giant pile of stones in the desert. We can safely say they were good at math just from having built the thing in the first place...it isn't like the golden ratio is some kind of secret knowledge that wouldn't pop right out to anyone who spent time playing with shapes. &gt; If you draw two circles, one inside, and one outside the base of the Great Pyramid. If you subtract the length of the inside circle from the length of the outside circle, you get the Speed of Light at 299,792458, this is the number in the pyramid: 299,79 I have no idea what you're talking about here, and I think you might be conflating something with another "amazing fact" about the Pyramid I've heard: that it lies on the latitude 29.9792458 N (and it does). Whatever connection you are making to that value of the speed of light, it ***must be a coincidence.*** 299,792,458 is the speed of light in *meters per second.* The Egyptians used neither the meter, nor the second...both measurements were invented thousands of years later and were derived from relatively arbitrary concepts that could not have been replicated by any other group anywhere in the universe. Obviously we have no reason to think the Egyptians considered light to have a finite speed let alone measure it precisely, but even if they did (or aliens did or whoever), if you went back and asked them "what's the speed of light" they 100% would *not* say "299,792,458." They would have a different value measured in "cubits per something."
Yikes, this sounds like it would be really scary! I'm not *actually* scared, though, because I don't believe that this "God" exists. What happens now?
&gt; perfectly protected Except for the countless times the planet has been struck by large objects, the unending rain of smaller objects that break through the atmosphere on a daily basis, the constant bombardment of ultraviolet radiation from the sun, the steady bathing from solar flares and coronal mass ejections, the sword of Damocles that is a gamma ray burst, and the flashing neon "we have resources!" signatures displayed to a cosmos full of potentially hostile civilizations. We've been *just safe enough* for life to grow, for a while.
Earth has undergone a number of major extinction events, several of which were caused (or thought to be caused) by external phenomena.
Historically? Yes. I present the divisional alignment for the National League between 1969 and 1993: **NL East** Chicago Cubs Montreal Expos New York Mets Philadelphia Phillies Pittsburgh Pirates St. Louis Cardinals **NL West** Atlanta Braves Cincinnati Reds Houston Astros Los Angeles Dodgers San Diego Padres San Francisco Giants That's right: the Braves - who play a half-day's drive from the Atlantic Ocean, in the city where Sherman began his March to the Sea - spent an entire generation in the NL West, division rivals with the San Francisco Giants more than 2,100 miles away. The West spanned the entire continent, and when the Rockies joined in 1993 the division was represented in all four time zones. Why? When the divisions were first proposed in 1969, the most competitive *markets* were in New York and Philadelphia, but the best *teams* were in San Francisco and Chicago. The league wasn't too crazy about putting both the Giants and the Cubs together, while the Cubs themselves were angling to play with the big-shot clubs on the Eastern seaboard. Meanwhile, the Cardinals demanded they be kept in the same division as their rival Cubs; they would go wherever the Cubs went, and threatened to veto that year's expansion unless they got their way. So the league settled on a messy compromise. They put the Cubs and Cardinals in the East, and to even things out they put the Reds and Braves in the West. And that's where things stayed until the Central was created in the 90s.
After the next expansion, assuming one new team is added in either Portland or Vegas, the best solution might be for the Rockies to switch leagues and join the new AL South, COL-HOU-TEX-KCR. I don't think Coors Field would mind a DH.
Just like how Wrath of Khan and Search for Spock clearly aren't in the same universe as each other because of how different Saavik looks. And how TNG and DS9 aren't in the same universe as each other because of the differences in the Trill.
&gt; what do you think can change the game of baseball for the better Not changing it. Freaking out over short-term situations that aren't indicative of big-picture trends is the true danger. Baseball isn't dying, but if it were, let it die as it is, not as some unrecognizable circus too far removed from its true identity as America's soul.
Data? Is that you?
This time let's skip the targ-killing episode.
So you'd have to time your vacation to when your team is in town?
Just like the previous scenario, there is nothing wrong with finishing all of DS9 before starting VOY. They did overlap for five seasons, but VOY is about a ship that gets lost on the other side of the galaxy so it deals with entirely separate events. You only need to keep it in the back of your mind that you're jumping back in the timeline a few years. There is a reference in Nemesis to something that happens on VOY, so yes that film should be kept until the very end. It's just easier to keep track that way. DS9's back half starts getting serialized and it uses a lot of characters. We could handle it in the 90s when we got one episode of each per week, but if you're binging it it's just easier on your sanity and your Netflix queue. That's all of the "TNG era" (for now) so once you're done with those three series and the four TNG films you can move on to ENT, the Abrams films and DIS (and whatever else is coming) which are all separate productions so the timing need not be scrutinized.
The wormhole doesn't do that. The Ferengi who entered the wormhole were later encountered by Voyager.
He spent a year dead for tax reasons.
There are only three possible S05E17s, and using Netflix's ordering, none of them ("Outcast," "Simple Investigation," and "Course Oblivion") feature a ship at 10:10. So he's not talking about Star Trek. We'll have to keep looking. I'll check the Norman Lear comedies if you go through the 2000s forensics procedurals.
That's Dallas!
Well no, that's not the Enterprise, that's "NCC-70837"
The light we see from *stars* is no more than one or two thousand years old. All the stars we see in the night sky are within a couple thousand light-years from us. On that scale, stars don't really move all that much. They're moving through the galaxy, just like our own solar system is, but compared to *each other* most of them don't appear to move that much over a few centuries. The ancient Egyptians saw the constellations pretty much the same way we do, so if you jumped back in time you might only notice a few stars out of place (although the Earth itself would be pointing at a different angle so the sky would seem to be shifted). If you want to see light from *millions* of years ago you're going to want to get a telescope and look at some galaxies.
I'm fine with doing an animated series, maybe even two of them, but they should try to go in another direction. Maybe a workplace comedy, like something that focuses on the "lower decks" redshirts. And they could also do a kid-friendly adventure style show, perhaps even air it on Nick.
Well I have to admit you've convinced me. I'm now a Hindu. Thanks for opening my eyes!
It's rather irreverent to suggest that the being you worship is in fact an otherwise ordinary mortal creature who just happens to have been born on another planet and may simply be more advanced. "God" is generally assumed to be a supernatural, divine being; God would be the god to the aliens as well.
It would be really weird if Picard named his son Rene. It would also be weird if a man fathered a child at 75+, but I suppose it's the future.
Nice try, but I already fell down this rabbit hole when you posted the TMP one yesterday! Three hours of Siskel &amp; Ebert!
We haven't been given any reason to think anyone in Kirk's crew would be commonly known, other than Spock and Sulu who had distinguished solo careers. I'm sure historians and those with interest in the five-year mission could rattle off the senior staff, but Scotty and the rest are probably just footnotes until we have evidence otherwise (Scotty did apparently invent transwarp beaming, but considering we never about that until a character from 2387 mentions it, he seems to have kept it to himself until after "Relics").
We know neither the population of the Federation nor the Starfleet casualty count during the war, so you can speculate on any figures you wish without asserting them as true or problematic.
"You wanted to see me Skip?" "Hey, Rick. How's your arm today?" "Man am I loose. Must be this English air. My circle change is gonna knock 'em dead today." "Well...no, no it's not. We just got the word from the front office. You're gonna take a dive." "Oh, okay! Never mind then! How badly should I screw up?" "We're hoping you get chased in the first inning. Five, six runs. Keep in mind, not all of them have to be earned, we can have the boys take some naps behind you." "No, no! It's cool! I wouldn't want their fielding percentages to go down. Let my ERA eat all of it!" "Rick, this is a team game. You can't shoulder this fix all by yourself." "Coach, I'm telling you, I can fuck this up. I won't let you keep me out there." "Rick, you're stubborn, and that's why I like you."
"I can't read lips" lol I'm starting to really like this channel.
I'd prefer it wasn't the stadium but instead some unexplainable "mystery spot" phenomenon in Britain that nobody ever noticed until major-leaguers arrived and tried to spin baseballs a certain way.
I guess I don't understand why you would spend all that effort to make such a long troll post. You took the time to make up for something for every team? Surely you can fuck with people using fewer words than *that.*
Head canon: The DNA seeding program implemented by the people in "The Chase" included many life-forms, not just humanoids...they were trying to preserve all the species on their homeworld. So this means that every life-form on a seeded world carries within their genes the blueprint for every species in the program: humanoids, spiders, iguanas, etc. In a sense, the crew wasn't de-evolving, they were just seeing different parts of these programs activating. This speculation also explains why we see pigs, spiders, snakes, hawks, trees, viruses, and all kinds of other Earth analogues on many different worlds.
What exactly is it that you would like explained to you?
&gt; Star Wars 1-7 &gt; Star Wars 8 and 9 "If you liked this particular set of Star Wars movies, I'd recommend this other particular set of Star Wars movies!" &gt; Star Trek Trilogy "Just pick any three of the thirteen!" &gt; This is the End &gt; This Is The End See now this is what sets your list apart from the rest. Everyone always picks either This is the End or This Is The End and slams everyone who likes the other one. You refuse to play that game! They will not divide us! &gt; 11.22.63 Another noble choice. Most people restrict their movie lists to *movies.* You throw the rulebook away and say, no, dammit, I'm putting an eight-part miniseries on there too. Since you're looking for recommendations, have you ever seen Seinfeld - The Complete Seventh Season?
Assuming you can afford it, it's worth the money time and effort to get VR just to have VR; I have Oculus and PSVR and I barely touch Bridge Crew because I'm screwing around in Google Earth and The Lab and Minecraft and 3D paint programs and discovering all sorts of other things.
The reason we call it "space" is that there's nothing there. Although there are lots of tiny rocks and things zipping around in space, there's so little of it compared to how big space is. It's extremely rare for any of our spacecraft to encounter any kind of micro-meteoroid, despite the Earth being bombarded with matter all the time. It's possible the Voyager spacecraft actually *have* been hit by tiny masses but not in a way that would significantly damage or alter their trajectories. They also are being bombarded with cosmic rays, or at least they were before they entered the interstellar medium.
&gt; This second view would necessitate that evolution is a fraud perpetrated on the people by the institutions that control science and education, who will fabricate and manipulate evidence without hesitation, to prolong the life of their theory. Which institutions? Who runs them? How do they control a *process*? That's like saying someone "controls" algebra. Evolution in its purest form has been the dominant explanation for biodiversity for two hundred years, and is understood by every society, every nation, across all political, social, economic, and religious lines. Who "controls" science in Canada? Are they the same people who "control" it in China or Tanzania or Belgium? I'm going to need you to expand on this claim. &gt; If you want the Qur’an to back up what I have mentioned I would want the Quran to be *better at explaining the facts of evolution* than natural selection does. That's what's needed to do away with evolution: you need to take the *facts* and find a model that explains the facts in the best possible way, and be able to withstand rigorous falsification. It needs to be better at science than the prevailing theory. If the Quran can do that, great.
Luckily they have that extended infield fly rule territory.
&gt; What is the most advanced Trek being/species shown playing a game (canon only)? A thousand quatloos says you're not a TOS fan.
One of my better headcanons if I do say so myself is that this episode explains the rather liberal approach to "ancestor species" in "Genesis." If the progenitors seeded a program guiding life to humanoid form, then that means the program was hidden in every life-form on Earth since the original seeding. All life has that program, even extant life today, and somehow it's being nudged toward that form very gradually, a mixture of natural selection and artificial design. A tree has the code for humanoids, so theoretically it could one day evolve into a tree-man. We see this on Earth with the Voth, and with the Xindi's myriad humanoids. So this explains why there are humanoids all over the galaxy. But the galaxy is *also* full of trees, and snakes and pigs and on and on and on. If that's the case, then maybe the program includes not just a plan for eventual humanoid life, but plans for *all* kinds of life. Maybe the progenitors wanted to honor the memory of all of the creatures on their homeworld. If so, then that would mean there is a plan for all of those creature templates within all life on a planet, including modern humanoids. So once again, in a mixture of Darwinism and selected design, an organism might have the program nudge it toward a particular creature, depending on the environment. So even though humans did not evolve from spiders, and cats did not evolve from iguanas, Barclay became a spider and Spot became an iguana, not because they were devolving but because their genetic program jumped the tracks and booted up another template.
Well I mean we have common ancestry with all life on Earth, but there are no half-human half-chimps or anything else. So whatever the reason we can reproduce with aliens, it doesn't seem to be related to this.
Now we know how Riker got all the ladies. "Hi, I'm Will. I'm a human who dated a Betazoid, and *I* broke it off."
Satellites can reflect sunlight and be seen from the ground with the naked eye, and the ISS is nearly always visible at night. You can watch for them if you know where to look, but if you just go out on a clear dark night and look up for about twenty minutes, one will eventually jump out at you as a star that "suddenly" seems to move out of the corner of your eye. As someone who dabbles in amateur astronomy I'm very used to satellites and when I bring people out to stargaze they'll freak out when they see them, going "omg look a UFO!!!!" and I don't even look up. There are also geostationary satellites (satellites that are "parked" in one place above the equator) that will flash sunlight back at you *in the middle of the daytime*, but you have to really know where to look for those.
A very quick rationalization for anything a character says is that unless the character is Data, they just might not be very good at history. Just because Kim says something wasn't around back then doesn't mean it wasn't. He could just be wrong, or off by a few decades, or his claim is technically false but nuanced (like if I said "there was no television in the 1940s"...well yeah television *existed* but no one had it yet). Another example is in "A Matter of Time" when Rasmussen asks the crew what they thought was the starkest difference between their time and the 22nd century, and they proceed to rattle off a list of things that ENT would definitely have something to say about. Well that could mean that ENT broke canon, *or* it could just mean that these guys are senior officers in spite of their marks on the Academy history final.
And "Eye of the Beholder" established that people were stationed in the nacelle tubes and apparently only got there through a ladder. Five minutes to climb down, run the length of the drive section, and climb up the neck? Let's hope the transporters are working.
&gt; nebulae You can see nebulae from your backyard. &gt; gravity waves Gravitational waves exist and have been observed. &gt; event horizons An event horizon is simply a causal boundary which the effects of a system cannot cross, and are a necessary geographical component of black holes.
Well, the Gregorian calendar isn't 2,020 years old, it's 438 years old. Horoscopes also don't rely on the Gregorian or any other calendar but their own. They simply divide the year into twelve segments and if you use the Gregorian calendar then you just apply those divisions to the corresponding dates.
Yikes! I hope you're wrong! &gt; God wants to reward the virtuous with more power and punish the evil with less power. God is able to deliver its reward for virtue and punishment for evil. Can we demonstrate this? Is it falsifiable?
"Hey Will?" "Yeah boss?" "Could you go ahead and write an article that means absolutely nothing right now, but that people will dig up in ten years and ridicule mercilessly?" "Sure thing boss."
It's because the universe is *expanding.* By "expanding" we don't mean that things are flying apart because of some explosion...we mean that *space itself is getting bigger.* This expansion force isn't very strong at short distances...in fact gravity more than overcomes it, which is why *we're* not being pulled apart from one another...but the expansion is cumulative, so an object twice as far is being pulled away twice as fast. Over billions of light-years, the expansion effect adds up to the point where two distant galaxies are receding from each other faster than the speed of light. So light from a galaxy may have taken 13.8 billion years to get to us, but in all that time it's been pulled away from us another 33 billion light-years.
Which decade are you referring to? There's "the 202nd decade AD," which is indeed the years 2011-2020. Then there's "the 2010s," which is the ten years beginning with 201x. Most of us use the latter, which is why we entered a new decade last week.
Breakdown by decade: 60s - 79 episodes 70s - 22 episodes, 1 film 80s - 57 episodes, 4 films 90s - 421 episodes, 4 films 00s - 137 episodes, 2 films 10s - 38 episodes, 2 films 20s - 24 episodes planned so far
I didn't miss it. I counted episodes which originally aired double-length as one, whereas some sources count them as two. "Farpoint" is double-length, so you get either 56 or 57 TNG 80s episodes depending on your method. Also I originally got to 420 for the 90s, but when I added everything up I got to 766 while M-A gets to 767. I figured I miscounted a double-length somewhere so I added one to my 90s total assuming it was in there.
&gt; I will not accept Homosexuality as normal; you'd have to kill me to make me accept it. See this right here is what's marginalizing you. It sounds like you're refusing to consider the possibility you might be mistaken. That rigidity is what's holding you back. If your beliefs are worthy of respect, they should hold up to scrutiny; you should be able to freely question them and come out stronger on the other side. That can be *really really scary,* so what I propose you do is ask God how he'd like you to feel. I don't mean read the Bible or ask a priest or anything indirect, I mean sit down in a room and verbally *ask* him. Legitimately and earnestly ask him if that *one line* in the same part of the book that tells you not to wear mixed fabrics really does mean you have to write off a tenth of the human race because they were born with some wires crossed, and that *being killed* because you don't accept it would be a virtuous death. Ask God that and see what he says. After that, ask him to tell me too. Actually it would help if he told *everyone* what he wanted, but I'd settle for him telling me. I promise I'm not being patronizing or facetious. This is serious advice.
There is a webisode series on AA called "Short Treks." Nine have aired so far with a tenth due on Thursday.
Why are you asking us, instead of directly asking the people making the comments where they're getting their info?
To be fair, the purpose of a place like reddit admittedly *is* to ask whether "massive reshoots" of a heavily-promoted series premiering in two weeks have somehow entirely escaped the attention of all media outside of a downvoted comment on Dark Horizons. Mea culpa.
When they do this it always makes me wonder who gets picked to be there and who gets stuck on bridge duty. "A little light this morning, aren't we? Are the senior staff in a meeting again?" "No, they're down on Deck 4, saying goodbye to Neelix." "Fuck, that was *today?!?*"
OMG yes!!!! I'm going to watch it right now too! It's the first in my all-day classic movie marathon. First is Into Darkness, then Battlefield Earth, and Attack of the Clones (obviously). Then *mayyyyybe* one of the Hobbit movies, otherwise I'm going to head to the theater to see Cats again. Then I come home and settle in for the night with the Game of Thrones finale!
It's crazy how many fights happen and no hitter ever actually tries to use the weapon they're already holding in their hands. It's a moment of raw emotion, a breakdown of civility and judgment, and they still almost always manage to keep enough restraint to toss the bat and level the playing field. *Almost* always.
Dang. I suppose I could say I've only seen DIS once so I haven't memorized it yet, but I suppose I could also say it speaks to how much of an impact DIS has had on me.
&gt; I think it's completely plausible that both are specific to FNN. I had originally included a comment on how odd it was that the UFP emblem would be constantly taking up space on the screen; Fox News has used a waving American flag *as a background* but that's not nearly as creepy as prominently displaying a flag over the picture 24/7. The FNS/FNN might be state-run media.
&gt; I have tried to give this series a chance &gt; The show doesn't really pick up until the last 2 seasons Well I mean watching the entire thing is a little more than "giving it a chance" but oh well.
Yes, generally speaking, the discoverer of an object is the first person (or group) to either observe the object or to confirm its existence through math or science.
As others have said, just dropping a video and walking away doesn't inspire me to watch it. But I can ask you what you think is so compelling about it. The video is titled "Predictions of Prophet Muhammad." What are some of the most compelling predictions Muhammad made?
The 2019 Nationals, the 2018 Red Sox, the 2017 Astros, the 2016 Cubs, the 2015 Royals, the 2014 Giants...
Except the Marlins, as several people here have pointed out.
Although the Yankees have won more championships than any other team, they are hardly undefeated; in fact they have won the World Series less than half of the times they've reached the postseason. Their loss in 2001 was one of the most exciting finishes in baseball history.
I LIKE THE BEATS AND SHOUTING
It's bizarre the OP went there. He discounts Tasha's death by saying she was resurrected. That means you have to discount all the DIS deaths where the character was resurrected. So you're left with...Lorca, I guess? And they clearly left it open where they'd run into the prime version of him later. None of the OP's points are convincing, but this one's just demonstrably untrue.
I wonder if the pass would work. It's not like the people at the ticket counter have heard of Billy Rogell. The jig is up if they ask for ID but otherwise a pass is a pass.
Wikipedia - and I dunno maybe it's just me but wikipedia is probably the very very first place I'd look if I had to write an essay on something - says, in the first sentence about Game 5, that it was postponed due to rain.
&gt; If you come from Reddit, please comment and upvote there, it will help us a lot 😉 Downvoted. Not just for spite...I actually took the quiz, and it didn't tell me my score or whether each question was answered correctly. I'm going to stick with Sporcle, thanks very much.
Starring Anson Mount as Christopher Pike IV
I feel I need to point out that the problems you're facing aren't really contingent on whether or not a god exists. There could be nothingness after death even if there is a god, and there could be an afterlife without a god. The one does not necessarily come with the other. Anyway, accepting the likelihood of nothingness after death is *really really tough,* and it's a road you never really reach the end of. Nobody *wants* to blink out of existence and I still have the occasional sleepless night. Nobody should blame you if you can't bring yourself to accept that. But you can learn to cope with it. Nothingness doesn't mean "ho hum, I'm floating in a void, dum de dum, nothing to do." It means you're *gone*. You'll experience the year 3000 the same way you experienced the year 1000. You weren't experiencing *anything* back then...you have no experiences of floating in a void before you were born. That's what death is like. You *won't know you're dead.* You won't know *anything.* So then the problem isn't worrying about what death is like, it's worrying about the fact your life is finite. But that's like watching a good movie and worrying that it's going to end. If you worry about when it ends, you don't get to enjoy it. You take the characters for granted and don't notice that suddenly they're gone. You miss it all, instead of enjoying every frame and being okay with this frame being the last, okay there's another frame so that's awesome, guess there's another one, wow what a great movie. There's a wonderful saying: Don't cry because it's over...smile because it happened.
No one's answered this part yet: &gt; is it as rare as it seems for such to be the case? Not only is it not rare, it seems to be the *norm* for any satellite object with sufficient orbit and mass. Most of the moons in the solar system are tidally locked to their planet, Mercury exhibits a 3:2 spin resonance with the Sun (meaning Mercury has 1.5 of its days for every one of its years), and many of the exoplanets we've discovered are tidally locked to their parent star. Pluto and its moon Charon are tidally locked to *each other*; the same thing is gradually happening to Earth, but the Sun will die before the process is complete. You probably asked this because you came in thinking this was an astonishing coincidence, so hopefully the responses explaining why the Moon is like this will help you understand why it's not that big a deal.
It costs a *lot* of money to launch things into space. The more you pack onto a rocket, the more fuel you need to get that stuff into orbit, and that extra fuel also weighs extra so you need more fuel to get the fuel up, and so on. We're *very* careful about how much we put onto rockets. And if you want to send something to another planet instead of just into orbit, you need even *more* fuel. Meanwhile, we have more than enough room on Earth to dump our garbage. Landfills make up a very very very tiny portion of land; we're not going to run out of room anytime soon. It's not a problem.
&gt; Surely all they had to do was lob a few nukes and the entire planet would have become uninhabitable. Well, no. I mean the humans did that to *themselves* a century earlier and they turned out fine. Nuclear winter isn't *really* the literal cataclysm that it's sometimes made out to be; it can cause short-term extinction events and begin a collapse of human civilization, but not eradicate the human species or end all life on the planet. If by "a few" you mean a million or so, that might be different, but if you're going to go to the trouble of finding and enriching all that uranium and plutonium you might as well build a planet-killing laser sphere.
It's not true https://memory-alpha.fandom.com/wiki/Star_Trek_Generations#Development and I'm not sure what universe we'd have to be living in where a movie about TOS and TNG battling each other would somehow be "way better" than what was essentially an imperfect but inoffensive film.
The premise of Discovery interests me, it just hasn't yet been executed well.
&gt; If the Kelvin timeline was created when Spock travelled backwards in time after the destruction of Romulus The Kelvin Timeline was created - presumably - the instant Nero arrived in the past. Immediately afterward he destroyed the *USS Kelvin* (which is why we *call* it the "Kelvin" Timeline) and Kirk's father along with it. When Spock arrived the KT had already been in existence for 25 years. Fan theories have proposed the KT "always" existed but that's only speculation.
&gt; Were they just contained to Asia? No reason why this couldn't be the case. Go to Los Angeles in 1918, 1943, 1970, or 2003 - all points at which the US itself was at war - and you may not see any indication of warfare, because Los Angeles is in the US mainland and the US mainland has remained isolated from global conflicts since the end of the 19th century. In fact, there's no canon I know of explicitly stating that the US mainland was directly affected by World War III later on; Cochrane's lowered quality of life could be due to nuclear winter triggered by distant impacts. After all, he used an unlaunched ICBM in an intact silo; any unused missiles would have been primary targets and a first-strike scenario should have fired everything they had. The biggest point against this argument is the scene where Neelix is watching multiple tv channels at once...you'd think one of them would be covering Eugenics updates.
If the mind can be timeless and always exist, why can't we just say the same about the universe? Why add an extra element into the mix?
In this case we're talking about a few days. There is no threat to any timeline there. Like if you asked me if I wanted to go back to 1932 and kill Hitler, I'd say no, because despite all the trouble Hitler caused he's responsible for *my world,* and very likely my life (I'm the son of a baby boomer). But if you asked a GI in 1944 if he wanted to go back in time to kill Hitler, he wouldn't hesitate. He doesn't give a damn about any of us in 2020, because that's a future that hasn't been written. Maybe killing Hitler would produce a better 2020 and maybe it would produce a worse one, but there's no way for someone in 1944 to know. All he knows is the war he's fighting right then and there and he could stop it and save all his buddies and prevent Europe from crumbling. If Picard were concerned about whether changing the outcome of a fire or destroying a particular star *a couple of days earlier* would produce a better or worse *unknown future,* then he would have the same reservations about stopping Soran from destroying the Veridian system a few *minutes* earlier.
Could you give me an example of "damage to the timeline" Picard could potentially have caused if he'd gone back a few days earlier?
All of that was in Picard's *future*. I'm looking for examples of timeline damage that would negatively affect where he *was at the moment he entered the Nexus.* Picard didn't know the Duras sisters had been killed, and he didn't know the Enterprise had been destroyed. So I need to know what *he would have considered at that moment* to make him think "you know I *could* go back and save my family and prevent all of this mess, but if I do then [this] would happen."
&gt; RASMUSSEN: We're not just talking about a choice. It sounds to me like you're trying to manipulate the future. PICARD: Every choice we make allows us to manipulate the future. Do I ask Adrienne or Suzanne to the spring dance? Do I take my holiday on Corsica or on Risa? A person's life, their future, hinges on each of a thousand choices. Living is making choices. Now you ask me to believe that if I make a choice other than the one found in your history books, then your past will be irrevocably altered. Well, you know, Professor, **perhaps I don't give a damn about your past, because your past is my future and as far as I'm concerned, it hasn't been written yet.** ... RASMUSSEN: So you've made your choice after all, and without my help. PICARD: Oh, on the contrary, Professor, you were quite helpful. RASMUSSEN: How's that? PICARD: By refusing to assist me, you left me with the same choice I had to began with. To try or not to try, to take a risk or to play it safe. Your arguments have reminded me how precious the right to choose is. **And because I've never been one to play it safe, I choose to try.** [Picard's opinions about risking his own future](http://www.chakoteya.net/NextGen/209.htm)
It's strange you haven't heard anyone claim that, because for nearly 20 years The Animated Series [**officially** was *not* canon](https://memory-alpha.fandom.com/wiki/Star_Trek%3A_The_Animated_Series#Questionable_canon) at the request of Roddenberry himself. Not only that, it was never explicitly reentered into canon, it was just added to the st.com database when the DVDs were released and we all went along with it (which is fine...I mean there technically has never *really* been any kind of voice from on high telling us what canon is). "Yesteryear" and other TAS elements did get references during that span, but that didn't make TAS canon...it just made it *consistent* with canon.
Tell you what, next time they re-release Generations we'll start a petition.
I've been a fan of the D since I was ten. I have a D on my dresser and a small D on my desk at work, and I always have D pics as my wallpaper. I even have a VR program that lets me experience the D firsthand.
We're going to have seen the entire first episode before it premieres.
&gt; I'm 100% in belief that it happened and anyone who says otherwise is wrong If that were true then you wouldn't need to ask for help defending your position. You should be open to doubt and to reevaluating your beliefs, otherwise you're not being intellectually honest. &gt; that is how they learnt that the moon is moving away from earth every year We knew that beforehand, and in fact we'd been shooting lasers at the moon for several years before Apollo. The retroreflector left by the astronauts simply increased the accuracy of the experiments. &gt; Stanley Kubrick directed the footage. On what basis is this claim made? Where does the claim originate? What evidence supports it? Why would they hire a famous director? What gave Kubrick more technical skill than a government insider who could simply learn Kubrick's techniques? Is the person making this claim making it *seriously,* or are they trolling you? &gt; why is the flag fluttering in the wing? / shadows Again, if you're encountering people making these claims, it's quite plausible they are just screwing around. They are examples of claims moon truthers with any experience would never humiliate themselves by making, because they have been so thoroughly and effortlessly squashed.
&gt; A creature cant create a creature. Creatures create creatures all the time. Flies create flies. Humans create humans.
If Geordi got a hangnail fans would blame Section 31. How would you "cover up" an impending supernova? We can see supernova candidates from hundreds of light-years away.
Jeopardy is not really that much different from a normal trivia contest. The only gimmick is where a normal trivia contest asks you questions and makes you guess the answers, Jeopardy gives you the answers and makes you guess the questions. In practice, this doesn't *really* make things harder or really even that different, because it's just normal trivia phrased in a different way. Like a normal trivia question might be "which US president was born in 1809" and you'd guess "Abraham Lincoln." Jeopardy phrases it like "this US president was born in 1809" and you'd guess "who was Abraham Lincoln?" There's no extra difficulty in the knowledge, it's just that they add the extra step of making you "answer in the form of a question." After that, the basics are that there's a board with six categories, each with five spots marked by money values. You pick a spot and they read the answer; if you get the right question, you win the money, if you get the wrong question you lose the money, and if you don't answer then you don't win or lose anything. Some random spots are secretly "daily doubles" where instead of the assigned money value, you place a wager of your choosing before hearing the answer. If you get the right question you win what you bet, and if you don't get the right question (or don't answer) you lose the bet. There are two rounds like that, and then there's the Final Jeopardy where you make a secret wager before hearing the final clue, and then you get the clue and have to write the question down.
*looks around* So...I guess...I guess I'm gonna be the one to say "so now the Astros are stealing ballparks too?"
Humans are related to dogs and cats and fish and chickens and every other animal we "own," so it would seem that slavery is a moral discussion typically limited to our own species.
The opening theme "Do Re Mi Do Re Mi" is the best of the franchise though.
I dunno what they did in the relaunch, but it seems like once the war is over and things have settled down and Bajor is in the UFP, it makes sense to decommission DS9 and replace it with a proper starbase. Terok Nor could be returned to Bajor as a museum.
It's a disappointing misstep. Watching the episode it's clear they wanted to avoid fan service and that's totally fine, I'm prepared for a completely new direction. But you *can't* make a Picard show and not use "Inner Light" or the STFC overture or *something* iconic as the theme music, and I was very much looking forward to seeing what they'd ultimately pick. This is somewhat evocative of "Inner Light" in tone but I mean...just go for it. I'm surprised and saddened, and luckily the episode itself was captivating enough that I recovered.
Conspiracy theory: the OP is a hater who *knows* the thread will be downvoted, and will use it as evidence to claim that nobody liked the show.
Sure, I started to think of all the metaphorical examples I could list, but I was running late for work and settled on just the literal one.
And I was probably one of the people who shot you down.
Well there ain't gonna be a Cora Center.
Assuming 1000 per year, 69000 is 28 years after 41153, TNGs premiere in 2364. So 2392.
I didn't consider the possibility it was intended to be the same model. If that was their intention then yes it's very different.
&gt; they could have used 5 Aces, or any other impossible card combo Or all 3s.
Well they apparently don't use Android anymore, since it seems to have a huge security flaw.
It's the 7th St Entry to Ten Forward's First Ave. /localjoke
Thanks for the thanks.
&gt; They criticized the final season of Game of Thrones for moving too quickly so go figure And who has a better story than Wesley the Broken?
"Well Captain, I must say you hu-mons invented quite a game there, but as the 42nd Rule states, the real fun starts when the money comes in. Here's my bill." "Quark, we couldn't have done this much damage to your holosuites." "Are you kidding? Swinging those bats into the walls, scuffing the floor with those cleats, cleaning up all that disgusting chewing tobrocco..." "Tobacco. And that was *your* idea." "And you said yes! Honestly, Commander, you should take a lesson from those Vulcans. Stoic even in victory. The only thing I had to charge *them* for was the trash can." "...Trash...can?" "I found it in their holosuite. They must have brought it up from the bar. They banged it beyond recognition. I guess even Vulcans need to release aggression." "Colonel, prep the Defiant for launch and trace Solok's course since he left the station. Make sure phasers are ready."
Picard = android confirmed.
&gt; Rick Anderson The second-worst Anderson in Minnesota sports history.
I am not a fan of DIS. I do not see any significant difference in storytelling method between DIS and PIC, nor has there been any particular difference between the amount of "action/effects." I enjoyed PIC's premiere very much. This may suggest that DIS' problem is not in its presentation.
If you're still wondering, the name of the painting was "Rosebud."
&gt; He’s likely in separate pieces a la B4 but each piece is on a different member world under an ocean lol. OMG please don't inspire them to do a fetch-quest season.
I started when DIS started (links at the top of the post) and I'll do it as long as people care to read it, although the prospect of getting up at 4am every Thursday to squeeze the episode in before work is...daunting.
Yeah the disruptors looked familiar but I couldn't place them and M-A gave me nothing. I've been expecting someone to come in and say "how the fuck did you miss the disruptors, they're from DIS S02E05" or something. Romulan TNG-era disruptors had long curved handles but they weren't double-barreled.
He'd probably find Sisko much easier to provoke than Picard, and might even challenge him to a boxing match. Then he'd wander around the station, probably put Bashir to sleep, screw around with one of Quark's auctions, that sort of thing.
&gt; So I'm not the type to think "well that can't happen, because remember that one episode where that other thing happened...". So I'm not being as critical as others might be. I *am* a pedantic nitpicker, and found nothing to complain about.
Yet. But while I am a pedantic nitpicker, finding a problem with continuity doesn't make me throw tantrums or write off an entire production.
I wrote [this](https://www.reddit.com/r/startrek/comments/88880r/hands_down_this_has_to_be_the_saddest_quote_in/dwjh2a3/) a couple years ago.
Pure conjecture, but the Voyager probes were brand-new at the time the story was conceived, and they may have just assumed that there would be a continuation of the program past Voyager 2. Additionally, 1 and 2's primary mission was to explore the gas giants; the fact they'd be continuing on into interstellar space is secondary and may have been downplayed at the time, so they instead concocted a probe whose primary mission was to explore beyond the solar system. Finally, it would have kinda sucked if they'd picked one of the two real probes and then something happened to one of them.
The Countdown comics are not and were never canon. The film producers *considered* them canon, which doesn't mean anything.
Thanks very much for bringing this to my attention!
Well, *looks around and speaks in a low voice,* The dirty secret is *no one* has ever authoritatively and explicitly defined canon. A rare exception was Gene declaring that TAS was *not* canon, which is something we no longer honor. What we call the "official" definition was determined in a more decentralized way and arrived at during the TNG era. If it came from anywhere authoritative it would have been Mike Okuda's reference books (the Chronology and Encyclopedia), but at any rate the overall production/studio and the fans came to agree that canon was **what was on screen, and nothing more.** So canon therefore consists of every episode and film, no matter how canonically uncomfortable they may be (such as "The Host" and "Ephraim and Dot"), and shuts out all other works no matter how canonically innocuous, be they novels, comics, games, reference materials, even comments by producers or Gene himself. It's a nice clean line. This is honored by the production side in the form of the st.com database, and by the fans in the form of Memory Alpha. TAS was officially non-canon for many years but M-A included it anyway and the st.com database eventually added it when the DVDs were released. The idea floated by the Kelvin producers that Countdown was canon is valuable in the sense that it was canon to *them,* and reading them may help inform your understanding of the films they created. And there's no reason why episodes and films can't draw upon non-canon (as PIC may be with the Romulans using Borg tech), but using a name or idea doesn't make the work canon, it just makes that part of the work *consistent with* canon.
Doctor Who has been mentioned, but also James Bond, DC and Marvel. A number of comic strips have also been in production for longer.
So far Picard is the only character on the show who is aware Data's mother exists. They kept her true nature a secret, so if she is still alive then nobody knows she's a synth.
Picard is the only character *on the show* who is aware. None of the senior staff have appeared yet, so it'd be difficult for Picard to have a conversation about Data's mother until then.
&gt; billions of years from now it will eventually stop, and one side will always face the sun. If one side is always facing the sun, then the Earth is still rotating, it's just rotating one day per year.
&gt; does he think he belongs I wonder what range of answers they were expecting a HOF-caliber athlete to publicly offer for this question.
Your specific claims, though, were "Hobus, 500 lightyears away, threatening the entire Beta Quadrant." None of that came up in the film, it's all from the comics (and possibly STO). There does seem to be *some* retconning at work, but none of these details are retconnable.
I think he might mean that you pay for Amazon, *and* you pay for CBS on top of that. He must have thought just paying for Prime would get you DIS/PIC at no extra cost. No clue where he would have picked that up though, unless he was reading foreign press.
If TNG had done a mirror universe episode, DS9 wouldn't have had the same arc. DS9 established that Starfleet was gone...a TNG episode would have just done the Enterprise with evil twins like TOS did, meaning Starfleet was still around and DS9 would have had to in a completely new direction. There was, incidentally, a TNG MU novel.
I think what the OP is saying, and I agree, is that while you might not know the precise hour or day or year a star actually goes poof, you know long in advance that it's *about* to. You cite Betelgeuse, and the reason Betelgeuse is a good example is because we know it's going to pop within a million years. This would be true of any star capable of going supernova. So *why would the Romulans settle near a star that was going to explode?* They haven't been there millions of years, they've been there for a couple *thousand*. They'd look at that star and think "well this one is due to go within the next few millennia" and move on to the next system. So it's either bad science (which we're used to with Trek) or the supernova was not a natural event.
This is **not a new logo.** It was previously used by the [Air Force Space Command](https://media.defense.gov/2008/Mar/27/2000639654/780/780/0/080327-F-JZ511-566.JPG), which the Space Force is replacing.
Right, so I was hoping you could show me some of the comments you saw.
Offensive wins above replacement, shortstops, 1987 National League Ozzie Smith STL 4.9 Jose Uribe SFG 2.0 Hubie Brooks MON 1.2 Al Pedrique PIT 1.2 Barry Larkin CIN 1.1 Craig Reynolds HOU 0.7 Rafael Santana NYM 0.3 Shawon Dunston CHC 0.2 Steve Jeltz PHI 0.0 Mariano Duncan LAD -0.1 Garry Templeton SDP -0.5 Andres Thomas ATL -0.7
Warp 5. Gotta protect subspace.
I'm one of those people who doesn't read the articles, so maybe this is being covered, but...are any of these Romulan refugees going to *Vulcan*? You'd think that would be the logical place to go, and the dynamic between the two would provide excellent dramatic material.
&gt; I'm real, dammit I'm going to make a joke about the Mariners not being real, but I'm just getting up and don't have my A-game, so I will come back and edit later.
That makes sense. So what created the "higher power?"
&gt; Robert Beltran is the son of Mexican-American immigrants Ah, Mexico, that magnificent jewel of Asia, nestled snugly between Armenia and Bhutan.
So you would like a show where the crew seeks out new life and new civilizations, and then slaughters and enslaves them. Sounds like fun!
What is a Universal Being?
I'm afraid I'm not experienced in the novels.
JUNE FOURTEENTH! NINETEEN EIGHTY SEVEN!
To be *visibly* different, to the point where you could look out the window and honestly say "wow the stars are different," then you'd have to go out at *least* several light-years and usually a lot more. It also depends on the direction you go; you'd have to move perpendicular to the nearest stars for them to noticeably move. Alpha Centauri is the closest system, but if you traveled in the opposite direction from it then it wouldn't appear to change position for many light-years (though it would of course get dimmer). If you have very precise instruments and you want to see the stars move a very tiny bit, then you don't have to go anywhere at all: just stand in one spot and wait six months. The size of the Earth's orbit is enough to make the closest stars move just a teeny tiny amount, which is how we determine how far away they are.
Had the Borg been introduced today they absolutely would have been used as a cautionary tale warning against the dangers of echo chambers and hive-mind thinking. If Trek aliens are narrow reflections of human failings then this would have been a perfect match.
&gt; She's Bajoran How did you determine *that?*
https://memory-alpha.fandom.com/wiki/Richter She had a Bajoran makeup assistant. But Richter is either human or her makeup assistant does an AMAZING job.
Some recommendations * Separate the TOS film inset from the Kelvin timeline. As it is, it looks like they're related. * Maybe have the Kelvin arrow leap back to 2233 and knock the new timeline out. * Mark the beginning of the Kelvin line with 2387. * Give the DIS and FC leaps internal arrows like the Kelvin line *or* put arrowheads at the appropriate ends, something to make the direction of travel more apparent. * Consolidate the back half of the third millennium so the rest of the timeline has more room * VOY ends in 2378, going by Neelix saying it's the 315th First Contact Day. * Just make this the sub's banner so we don't get as many questions.
~~While they are not dissimilar in themes, the Inner Light melody and the Picard intro have very little in common.~~ I'm very sorry I misunderstood what you were saying. You're absolutely right, they took it from Inner Light. Thank you so much for pointing this out. They pulled a fast one on us!
Shouldn't the Romulans have a pretty good grasp on the status of all the stars within their territory? It should not at all be a surprise that one is about to pop, and considering they left Vulcan only a few thousand years ago they should have known about it when they settled in the area.
Not a single one. They held a convention there one time and Frakes told his Armus story to an empty room.
Seems like it would be within God's abilities to create a world without pain *and* to create humans capable of living meaningful lives in such a world.
&gt; In the "canon" countdown comics The comics aren't canon. I agree with most of the rest of it, but many of these points can be explained and they have plenty of time left to explain them. I'm the same age as you, btw, so hopefully you won't be quite as hostile with me as you were with the respondents in your last attempt.
I liked the episode, and thought RLM was spot-on about quite a lot (and off-base on a few points too). It doesn't seem like it's being allowed here, which is a shame because it's a very good critique and shouldn't really qualify as the hostile trolling we see from other corners of Youtube and elsewhere. The most resonant problem they had was that there was *no way* the Federation would turn their backs on the Romulans in their time of need. And that should be a sticking point with any Trekkie. What RLM didn't address is how much of this story still remains to be told, and that there's plenty of time for us to learn *why* the Federation would act this way. If we get to the end of the story and it's still unresolved or unresolved in a way that doesn't make sense, then we can justifiably gripe.
&gt; JJ Abrams said they were prime canon &gt; Kurtzman says they are Canon Neither is recognized as having the authority to change the definition of canon, which has always, *always* excluded the comics. Canon is what's on screen, and that's the end of it. What we can take from their claims is that they consider those comics to be telling relevant supplementary stories to their respective projects, that the comics can enhance the actual canon and provide backstory. Doesn't make them canon though, so they can be entirely ignored at no cost. &gt; but entirely different stars (Hobus v Romulus) No reason to think they're different stars. The name "Hobus" has not yet been used in canon, and "Romulus" is the name of the planet; the Romulan sun has not yet been named. They could at a later date establish that the Romulan sun was in fact called Hobus, using the name as a nod to those comics and games which have now been overwritten.
I'm using plain ol' Firefox and can see his post just fine.
Don't be too hard on them...they don't even comprehend how our language works. We're lucky they spelled everything right, so if they were off by a decade or so on the date it's still a valiant try. Also, maybe it's 2355 in the Tamarian calendar. Also also, that quote is from Picard telling Dathon the story of Gilgamesh...after which Dathon promptly *died.* How did the Tamarians get the quote? Did Picard scribble it in Dathon's log before returning it? Fortunately I don't think this prop was anywhere close to legible onscreen.
The reporter said "the Romulan star." So that means either "the star at the center of the Romulan home system" or "of those stars which were under Romulan control, the one that blew up."
Pretty sure that's a Kings Bowling reference. It resembles the logo. Why would there be an advertisement for a team in another city, in a sport that no longer exists? Forget about the Federation abandoning the Romulans...would a future where Boston supports a different city's baseball team really be a future you'd want to see?
The rest of the top ten will give you an idea of how seriously we should take this.
I was five years old, long before I came to Star Trek, and I had afternoon kindergarten so I was not in class when it happened. Instead I remember watching it with my dad, in the den of a house we only lived in for a year. It's one of the only surviving memories of that house, and it is the very first memory I have of something that happened "outside" my own life...the first indication that there was a world beyond what I could see, concerned with its own affairs. And it is such a hazy, truncated memory, like a single frame of a burned reel, and it makes me wonder if there were once more frames attached to it and the fog is just closing around it over time. The best speech delivered in my lifetime is Ronald Reagan's address to the nation that night.
I hope it's a joke, because Discovery is currently on display at Dulles Airport. You might be thinking of Columbia.
&gt; The idea of life created the world. I'm afraid I have no idea at all what this is supposed to mean. &gt; My Thesis: Within the realm of natural order, its only rational to conclude that the Human being, is not something that has evolved from within planet Earth, or even this entire world or the dimension it's in, for that matter. Okay, cool. So if you have a thesis you have to support it, which you've at least *attempted* to do here. But the other thing you have to do is anticipate rebuttals to your thesis and be able to counter them. So here's a rebuttal: the entirety of biology over the last two centuries, which has definitively and concretely *shown*...not through hazy arguments, but through the robust process of science...that humans *have* evolved on Earth. You have to demonstrate why two hundred years of science, all pointing incontrovertibly toward the same conclusion, is incorrect. You *must* do that. You haven't done that here, not with your "idea of life" or whatever that's supposed to mean. You need to pick apart *all* the experimentation and *all* the data and *all* the generations of painstaking work, unraveling evolutionary theory and starting us at square one.
baaaayyyybeeee worf doo doo doo doo doo doo
&gt; if there was one thing better than eternal heaven [...] I am all ears to hear about Eternal heaven definitely sounds pretty cool. The issue is not necessarily that it might or might not be cool, the issue is whether there *is such a place.* And it doesn't seem like there's any reason to think there is.
Thanks, I've amended.
Even if she's "actually" Romulan, I'd say she's "supposed" to be Vulcan, just as her lieutenant is actually Romulan but externally human. I guess that will just have to be fleshed out later.
Well when Hercules: The Legendary Journeys gets new episodes I'll be happy to move to that sub.
Thanks!
&gt; Is everyone else like me when they watch this show and literally laser focused on every little line uttered or piercing through every scene because you are constantly waiting to hear a name, object or a bit of information from the past to jump in at some point? Maybe...
Thanks, I'll rework it. I was *very* late for work and scanned M-A without reading it thoroughly...just assumed one of the muckety-mucks in that episode must have been the commodore in question.
"All Good Things:" PICARD: I need a ship to go on one last mission. RIKER: No. PICARD: I need a ship to go on one last mission. CRUSHER: Okay. Length: Approximately 1.2 scenes "Maps and Legends:" PICARD: I need a ship to go on one last mission. ADMIRAL: No. PICARD: I need a ship to go on one last mission. RAFFI: Okay. (conjecture) Length: Approximately 1.2 episodes
It shows!
Ah fuck, that was an obvious one. Thanks.
VULCAN: Now, before we begin the final phase of negotiation, it would be wise to clear the air and make amends for any wrongs or slights committed against one another over the years. Who would like to start? PAKISTAN: Well, I suppose we'll start. I'm sorry for hating you. INDIA: I'm sorry for hating you too. VULCAN: Perhaps it would be more meaningful if you focused on specifics. GERMANY: All right...I'm sorry for the genocide. RWANDA: Yes, sorry about the genocide. UNITED STATES: We'll go ahead and apologize for the genocide too. TURKEY: Sorry about the genocide. VULCAN: All of you participated in a genocide?!? BRITAIN: Oh no, they were all separate. CHINA: We're sorry about the coronavirus pandemic. CONGO: Yes, sorry about the ebolavirus pandemic. VULCAN: You intentionally unleashed pandemics? CHINA: No, it was an accident. CONGO: ...Again, sorry. ITALY: Could we maybe just get it over with and all of us say we're sorry to Israel? ALL: Sorry, Israel! ISRAEL: Nah, it's all good. GERMANY: We're sorry for World War II. UNITED STATES: And we're sorry for World War III. SWITZERLAND: And we're sorry for World War IV. VULCAN: Wait, you had *four* world wars? SINGAPORE: We *don't* like to talk about the last one. COMOROS: Yeah, in fact let's all promise never to talk about it again. ALL: Agreed! NORTH KOREA: Sorry for basically being weirdo cultish dicks for so long. SPAIN: I'm sorry about that whole Inquisition thing. CUBA: Sorry about killing Kennedy. UNITED STATES: Wait, what was that? CUBA: What was what? TAIWAN: Well I think that's everybody. VULCAN: Not quite. One of you has yet to speak. BRITAIN: Uh, you're not going to get them to admit anything. HONDURAS: Yeah, as much awful shit as they've done, the word "sorry" just isn't in their vocabulary. ESWATINI: Just leave them alone, it's useless. VULCAN: The whole purpose of this exercise is to have the courage to atone for one's mistakes. I encourage you to do so. Will you? CANADA: ... VULCAN: Can you say you're sorry? CANADA: ...Go fuck yourselves.
&gt; the amish just suddenly appearing in support like the portal scene from endgame All of American history has been a buildup to this grand finale where all the groups come together and fight the ultimate villain. The Amish, the Quakers, the Dakota, the Oregon pioneers, the Prohibition bootleggers, the Clanton gang, the Forty-Niners, the Martian colonists, the Hatfields and McCoys, the suffragists, the Heavens Gaters, the people who like Dave Matthews Band...all have returned in the eleventh hour to combat police brutality.
I like to figure out the moment pictures were taken, and there are some pretty big clues here. The Indians were in New York July 22-24, 1941. DiMaggio played in all three games. He was followed by Charlie Keller (#9) in the first and third games and Joe Gordon (#6) in the second. It's too blurry to tell if the on-deck hitter is 6 or 9. The way he's swinging the bat suggests he's a right-handed hitter, which would be Gordon. But let's move on. The Yankee Stadium scoreboard of the time would show the American League games on the left side, with the Yankee game in the bottom left. It's obscured by the netting support wire, but it sure looks to be in the early stage of the game, also evidenced by the lack of numbers in any of the other games. The right-hand side of the scoreboard was for National League games. There is clearly a game missing on that side, so the NL didn't have a full slate of games that day. Of the three games in question, only the final game was played on a day with only three NL games played. So this picture was taken at about 3:50 pm (the clock on the scoreboard) on [Thursday, July 24, 1941](https://www.baseball-reference.com/boxes/NYA/NYA194107240.shtml). Joe DiMaggio is at bat with the bases empty, probably in the bottom of the fourth inning (his first AB in the first inning had a runner on first). Charlie Keller is on deck. Jim Bagby is on the mound for Cleveland, Hal Trosky at first, Oscar Grimes at second, Lou Boudreau at short, Ken Keltner at third, Gee Walker and Larry Rosenthal way in the distance at left and center respectively. George Pipgras is the home plate ump with Harry Geisel watching third. Earle Combs, Art Fletcher and Johnny Schulte are the Yankees' coaching candidates but I don't know who was who. It was in this at-bat that DiMaggio would record a single and extend his current hitting streak to seven games. The streak would go on to reach sixteen straight games...the second-longest streak for Joe that summer. The Yankees won this game 4-1 behind Lefty Gomez. This win coupled with another hundred would get them to the World Series where they would defeat the Dodgers. The Indians finished fourth.
If this is an anthology series setting up multiple groups throughout American history who will gradually join together to face the ultimate evil at the end, then naturally there will be an offbeat story set in the future where a smooth-talking orphan child from Mars Colony battles a gang of intergalactic thugs alongside a talking raccoon and a sentient tree.
If Ricky is a Q, then Karl has to be a Pakled. No...a Vulcan. Karl should be a Vulcan.
Forget the weather...some prick in China ate a bat and changed the course of human history. The model that predicts that would be impressive indeed.
On paper it's not going to look fundamentally different than 1981, which effectively had two separate seasons and an extra round of playoffs. People who don't have context will browse through the seasons, 79, 80, 8...wait what the fuck happened *here*...82, 83.... That's what 2020 will be like.
Would you be able to walk me through how this is "racist" in the slightest?
I came up with five TNG episodes where we can safely say the holodeck itself is directly responsible for the dilemma: * The Big Goodbye (note that this was before the Bynars upgraded it) * Elementary Dear Data * A Fistful of Datas * Ship in a Bottle * Emergence There are other episodes where the holodeck causes problems through no real fault of its own...it was overclocked in "Homeward," Barclay used it to make his brain zapping thing in "Nth Degree," and Geordi forgot to clear his search history in "Galaxy's Child." And of the five on my list, two are essentially the same problem (it made a sentient being), two occurred because of some hiccup elsewhere on the ship, and one happened because the ship itself got all baby-crazy. I think these still count, but I'm pointing out that when the holodeck does go wrong it often seems to be the result of a short in another system. I don't have the encyclopedic recall for the other shows that I do for TNG, but off the top of my head I remember DS9 had the one where they stuff the crew's transporter patterns into it, so it can't be blamed there, and the Ocean's Eleven one which is Felix's fault. VOY had more than one Captain Proton misadventure which might qualify plus the Fair Haven sim which again was due to overtaxing it. And "Killing Game" isn't the holodeck's fault. I'm sure I'm missing one or two others. I'm prepared to say that although "why is the holodeck still allowed" is a perfectly valid question, the common trope that the holodeck is always malfunctioning might be overstated a little.
1/3 is not .33. It is .33.... The "..." means "repeating" and tells you that the 3s go on forever. Because of this, the number ".99..." is in fact equal to 1.
You "found" the article? That's interesting, because every submission you have this week is for this very, very, *very* poorly-written blog.
There would be potential struggle regarding things that we're not sure about, like whether you have to have a "job" to earn a place to live, whether it costs "money" to travel or obtain certain goods, and so on. If you need to contribute in some way, then having only a 21st-century education would present a disadvantage. Other than that, I don't believe I would have *any* trouble adjusting to life in that world. I'd be much happier and much healthier. No more worrying over the mundane everyday things I worry about, no more worrying over the existential big-picture things I worry about. I mean that's why I watch the dang show. As long as I get the baseball feeds from Cestus III.
Ooh, that's the episode where the guy dies from corona. Don't worry, the Crusher episodes get *way* better toward the end of the series.
I just noticed something for the first time. During the anthem, all the Starfleet officers (and Jake) hold their hats to their hearts. Kira, Kasidy, Leeta, and Quark do not. I'm pretty sure Kasidy is a Federation citizen but maybe civilians aren't obligated to salute the anthem (some of the fans in the stands aren't doing it either). Since she has Maquis ties, maybe she's protesting. They did miss out on an even better detail: the Vulcans are holding their hats in various places around their chests. Had more attention been paid to canon, they would have had the Vulcans all hold their hats over the upper abdomen, since the Vulcan heart is where the human liver would be. Oh well.
Assuming we still have movie theaters in two years, I have no doubt they will do a rerelease.
Currently the only way to simulate gravity in orbit is to build a habitat that spins, such as a large hollow wheel where the astronauts and objects inside would be flung toward the inside of the outer edge. Building such a structure is not yet practical for the things we're doing in space right now.
Yeah sometimes I also see things that aren't possible either in-universe or in real life and assert my claim without a screengrab or timestamp.
Picard was born just twelve years after STVI; the three characters unaccounted for would each have been in their 70s.
Well, of the three, *four* are still serving. Uhura was duplicated in that transporter accident. Sulu is an admiral in the Cardassian Sector and Chekov is helmsman on the USS Pennyfeather.
To be fair, if they didn't want literally every noob to notice this the first time they saw a Breen, they probably could have designed them a little differently.
Out of curiosity, how is it insightful in "predicting a pandemic?" It's about a planet with a disease...that doesn't mean it maps to any particular real-life incident.
I remember every single one of these commercials. I can't believe how uninteresting the cars look; it's amazing the auto industry survived the era. For you kids out there, a "long-distance" company was an outfit who charged you extra if you called someone outside your area code.
*Narrator: And it worked. Not a single person went to a game that year. The 2020 season was played with entirely empty parks. The fans had won.*
I would pay full admission to sit in the top row left-field upper deck and see 2000s Barry Bonds do a backflip.
&gt; evolutionary science says it's possible. And once a unicorn evolves, I will believe they exist.
The air outside of the train isn't moving with the train. So if you're on top of the train, the outside air is pushing you back. The air inside the train is moving with the train, and so are you.
&gt; I can’t imagine anyone doing that for fun. It takes like 20 minutes to drive across the GTAV map.
"Hey, are you all right?" "...yeah...my head...just...where am I?" "San Francisco, 2024." "Hmm...Earth in the 2020s...lemme think...you have internet, right?" "Of course." "Have you done the ice bucket challenge yet?" "Yes." "Did you go through that pandemic?" "Oh, wow, the pandemic! I forgot all about that!" "What about the race riots?" "You'll have to be more specific." "Okay, um...has Trump been president?" "You'll have to be more specific." "Has Los Angeles sunk into the sea yet?" "Huh?!?" "Okay, too far...um, have you seen that show about tigers?" "Wait, go back to that Los Angeles thing." "Never mind. How many times have they rebooted Spider-Man?" "Eight." "Okay, I think I got it. 2024, America. Umm...okay. So, uh...cash me outside, how bout dat?" "I'm taking you to a hospital."
I can assure you with supreme confidence that we are not going to change the terms "north" and "south." The terms "north" and "south" don't mean "the direction of this particular magnetic pole," they point to a geographic extreme on the globe. You could put the magnetic poles in Brazil and Sri Lanka and north would still mean "toward the Arctic." In fact, when the magnetic poles reverse, we will probably change the names of the magnetic poles themselves. That would be far easier than having to reorganize our entire culture for no good reason.
The only thing that would have improved upon it would be a reworking of the TNG/TMP overture itself, but that's a lot to ask for a fan project.
It's worth noting that Mauer's inevitably going to get a statue and the main gate would be a great place to put it.
&gt; or renaming lakes This would have been far more palatable if they'd picked a name people could actually pronounce.
&gt; Malcom's Reese https://vignette.wikia.nocookie.net/malcolminthemiddle/images/d/df/Red_Dress_2.jpg
My computer has a rectangular screen. If your computer has a square screen, it might be time to invest in a newer monitor.
If you mean how most of the planet started using the Anno Domini system of counting years (in other words, it's the year 2020 as opposed to the year 5780), it's because Christianity dominated Europe and Europe went on to dominate everyone else. If you mean why everyone uses the Gregorian calendar's leap year rules, well, that's because it's the most accurate way of counting leap years. A different way of doing it would be the *wrong* way.
&gt; P1 It is possible that God exists in some possible worlds Go ahead and demonstrate this and we'll move on from there.
Wait...your thesis was "the modal ontological argument **proves God exists.**" If God isn't something you can prove, what's the point of your argument?
&gt; since there is either a 100% chance of his existence or a 0% chance of his existence. Wow, okay now we're *really* going off the rails. Do you want to explain *this* one before you tackle P1, or should we just ignore it?
I'm not sure what part of my comments are coming off as "angry," but...okay, if that was just a rephrasing of the argument, cool. Demonstrate P1.
Thank you, that's very interesting.
&gt; UHURA: Excuse me, Captain Kirk. KIRK: Yes, Lieutenant. UHURA: Mister Scott LINCOLN: What a charming negress. Oh, forgive me, my dear. I know in my time some used that term as a description of property. UHURA: But why should I object to that term, sir? You see, in our century we've learned not to fear words. KIRK: May I present our communications officer, Lieutenant Uhura. LINCOLN: The foolishness of my century had me apologising where no offense was given. KIRK: We've each learned to be delighted with what we are. ~ "The Savage Curtain"
David Aardsma leads all pitchers in major-league history when sorted alphabetically.
Just in case you seriously haven't heard the response to this: &gt; In the future, no one will care. &gt; ~ Gene Roddenberry
It's really kinda tough to eli5 this, but the basic idea is tides. Just as gravity slowed the moon's rotation down until it was locked with Earth, gravity from the Sun slowed Venus down, and when you combine that with the *internal* tidal friction Venus has because of its atmosphere, it started spinning the "wrong" way. I'm not sure I can make it more basic.
I want the kid to be a HOFer for no other reason than to see this joke run into the ground.
Yorke was born in April 2002, which means the Mariners have not been a playoff team during his lifetime.
Date of birth: September 11, 2001
All of these kids are young, so very very young, and some were born later than him. But in most cases the rest of those birthdays are just numbers that make us feel old. In this case, we remember the actual day. We remember what we were doing and what was going on, not just in a larger sense but in our own everyday lives. We think about that day, and consider that this kid, a future major league ballplayer, was being born.
It was discovered in 1905.
The effects on this are really really good considering how low-profile it is.
It could be the case that the ship appears in orbit of Penthara IV, and burns up in the atmosphere before anyone colonizes it. Rasmussen said they were going to Jersey, but not necessarily *directly* there...it could have a snazzy warp drive or futuristic equivalent. Or it might appear at some completely unknown point in space, having no one to tell it precisely where to go (we saw the VOY timeships inputting spatial coordinates when sending temporal agents). In other words, while there is no absolute frame of reference, there might be one of some kind within the ship's navigation system, and without a spatial destination it would appear at the same coordinates of 24th-century Penthara IV, but in the 22nd century when the entire galaxy had shifted relative to where the ship thinks it was. The above is a big reason why conventional time travel is impossible. If you send your DeLorean one minute into the future, it will go one minute into the future, but *where does it end up?* Earth has rotated on its axis, it's moved in its orbit around the Sun, the solar system has moved within the galaxy, the galaxy has moved relative to other galaxies and the universe has expanded. But you can't calculate where you would end up, because again, there is no absolute frame of reference. Time travel can be theoretically achieved through wormholes, but wormholes would have two distinct physical ends in spacetime.
&gt; sybiant Freudian slip?
Just in case you're actually being serious: that's a metaphor.
Yes, there is an episode that explains where they were. It's "Call to Arms." At the end of the episode Sisko announces that a Fed-Klingon task force destroyed a Dominion shipyards.
Dang think how many times they've rebooted Spider-Man by 2364.
&gt; I love the design of the ship "Ensign, take this report to engineering." "...Um...how?" "Just get it done."
Worse than worst ensign holds her breath and jumps.
Fun fact: Janeway says the title of the episode 34 times, more than any other character. Picard is second with at least 25 (likely one or two more, but there are no reliable transcripts for PIC yet) and Archer has 22. Chekov and Ezri are the only series regulars without a title drop. This count includes only *exact* matches of the title, as opposed to partial matches where the article or plurality is changed.
McMahon: "No sport took a harder hit from the pandemic than the XFL." *Manfred laughs nervously*
Starring Steve Guttenberg, Ally Sheedy, and Die Antwoord!
I'm not sure where you got "400 years." The oldest documented human lived to be 122, and she lived in the modern era. There's no reason to think ancient humans lived to be that old.
Let's hope it takes less than two years. If Data isn't on the Enterprise during First Contact, he can't lock out the computer with an unbreakable code, the Borg take over the ship, assimilate Earth, and Voyager is erased from existence anyway.
2021 will be a normally-*structured* season, played under the bitterness of what happened this year and in anticipation of the reckoning to follow.
You're being downvoted, but you're absolutely correct, this didn't happen. Measles are mentioned in TNG once but not in the context of a character actually having contracted it.
"...and as this simulation demonstrates, it will form a new Class-M planet out of a previously lifeless world. We call it Genesis." "Oh yes, named after the human creation mythology." "Huh?"
The DS9 crew visits the TOS Enterprise and it looks like the TOS Enterprise. So DS9 takes place in this altered timeline as well. EDIT: Oh yeah and Scotty visits the TOS Enteprise on the holodeck, so...
[This happened.](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0j0GESR2YbA)
Ok so you're asking whether a ship from the 2360s who couldn't defeat the Borg could stand a chance against a ship from the 2370s with 2400s technology specifically designed to defeat the Borg.
Deleted? How do you delete a person? She's not a photonic.
Per wikipedia, pedophilia is "a psychiatric disorder in which an adult or older adolescent experiences **a primary or exclusive sexual attraction** to prepubescent children." Marrying one girl does not a pedophile make. In order for that label to stick, you'd need to make the case that Muhammad was actually into little girls, that it was his "thing." That would seem to be a difficult task as all his other wives were single moms, some in their forties. It's certainly *sketchy,* and sex with a minor could be argued as "rape" under modern legal terminology, but there's no need to affix a label that doesn't hold up to scrutiny.
In other words, do they still have the increased forehead spikes and venom sacs?
I'm rather asocial, so I'd definitely have to pick...Quark's. It may be busier, but everyone minds their own business, and the bartender doesn't catch you gazing out the window and butts in to impart wisdom.
I think we need to know the context of that picture. Who took it? Was it staged? If so, was it her idea? If not, why did she hang the poster at waist level? Or is the reason for hanging the poster at waist level connected to the reason why she's scrubbing the floor precisely where she might perhaps be "standing" while viewing the poster?
Gary Seven had a secretary named Lincoln.
I'm not sure what you mean. Dogs are smaller than humans; if humans can get on the ship, stands to reason dogs can. And I think when he's not eating cheese he's just eating dog food, so they must have a steady supply of that.
I honestly do think this is Q intentionally breaking the fourth wall. He knows it's a show which is why he only pesters the captains who have shows.
He is taken for walks in the corridors. I honestly don't think his toilet concerns were ever addressed, I guess that's something that the DOT cleaners from Discovery would have to worry about.
Do any of those "other articles" actually source the information? Because this one doesn't. It claims it's from a "Trek insider," but doesn't link to the actual information, only his twitter profile, and scrolling through a month's worth of his tweets reveals nothing even tangentially related to Trek. Why is it worth discussing when it sounds like some random dope just made it up?
Yep, so what has he "scooped?" What has he claimed that no one else has that has actually come to pass?
Well, yes. Visuals don't matter with regards to continuity. We don't need to invent in-universe reasons for them because there isn't actually an in-universe difference.
Well, no...no it's not. The Mandela Effect would mean there are people swearing up and down that the phrase *was* said and that the universe must have changed around them because it's impossible that they could be wrong. This is just a piece of commonly-known trivia. No one's fighting it; when you tell someone no one ever said "beam me up Scotty," the reaction is "oh neat."
&gt; According to “The Pegasus”, June 16th is Captain Picard Day Well I mean it's according to one particular, and almost certainly incorrect, interpretation of how stardates work. It's not like they say "it's June 16th!" in the episode.
June 16 2370 is a Tuesday like this year...I thought it would have at least been neat if it were Father's Day.
It would then have an ocean. Part of it would be an ocean and part of it would be a desert. There might be other parts that are neither ocean nor desert, but I don't know enough about Tatooine.
This is disappointing. Usually on every poll I vote for the most ridiculous asinine answer. On a poll like this, obviously that would be the Kelvin Enterprise, but that's not even an option. So I settled on the "Enterprise F" since it doesn't exist.
I don't necessarily want the people in Star Trek to react in a "realistic" way; that is, I don't always want them to act how people today might react. They are an ideal to be aspired to, a paragon to be held aloft as an example of what you *should* do. Star Trek has depicted people behaving badly before, there have been corrupt admirals and nefarious conspiracies, and they are always *promptly* rooted out by the virtuous heroes. The behavior of Starfleet in PIC flies in the face of this ideal, and the show compounds the problem by a) keeping Riker attached to Starfleet when he and every other Starfleet character in every series should have immediately followed Picard in resignation (especially when Riker's kid was allowed to die because of a ludicrous technicality produced by the synth ban), and b) resolving the problem offscreen in a blink-and-you-miss-it line about "yeah they lifted the ban" without anyone learning any lessons.
I don't know how long it would take but I wouldn't mind seeing the Jomboy video exposing it.
It's not entirely without precedent; Riker was shuttle pilot in several episodes before that and tended to be the go-to guy if they needed to ferry precious cargo like ambassadors. And the first thing Picard does when he meets Riker is order him to put the saucer back. Otherwise, yes, I'm pretty sure the specific claim that he's "the best" was invented for that episode.
&gt; that they wouldn't resign their commissions and move to somewhere where positronic nerves weren't illegal to save their dieing sun. Or come up with some kind of heist to get a synth brain from somewhere, anywhere. How many times did they flout the rules for the greater good? The rest of the crew would have helped them do it without giving it a thought. Not only should Riker have resigned over both the synth ban *and* the snubbing of the Romulans, but *every Starfleet character we know* should have resigned too, because they are our heroes and they're supposed to stand up for what's right. Maybe most of them have; the only ones we know didn't are Riker and Icheb.
I brute-forced it, and Sanguillen was the only non-white catcher Pittsburgh fielded during the 1970s. I found one link that says this poster is from "1973," however the MLB uniform pages seem to narrow it down to 1976 (last year of tha PIT color scheme without pinstripes, and first year CIN had red stripes on the sleeves), but I'm not 100% sure I trust that. I think it's Riverfront because the Pirates are in the third-base dugout and some searching reveals Three Rivers had the visitors on that side. Sanguillen caught many games at Riverfront so it would not be possible to narrow this down to the exact game. EDIT: Others have brightly realized that this moment was probably important if it's famous enough to make a poster out of it, and have thus tied it to the 1972 NLCS. Duh.
After expansion: 8 divisions of 4. Postseason consists of the eight division winners. Best of 5, best of 7, best of 7. Barring that: the current system is just fine with me.
[philosoraptor meme]If the Voth go Warp 10, do they hyper-evolve into humans?[/philosoraptor meme]
The earth is spinning around on its axis, so as it's turning you see different things, like the sun and the moon, enter your field of view and then disappear again.
LH...LH...hmm...let's see... Larry Hisle? Lenny Harris? Livan Hernandez?
I guess I'll be the one to point out that these are *auto*biographies, so if you want Sisko to convey a complete history of his life he's going to have to write it very quickly on Dukat's sleeve.
The force is called gravity. Gravity makes physical objects pull things toward themselves. All objects have gravity, including you and me, but the bigger an object, the more gravity it has. The biggest object nearby is the earth, so it pulls us toward it.
"Course Oblivion" is the only episode with the Demon crew. To my knowledge they make no references to any adventures experienced by the real crew after the original episode, and indeed the most obvious giveaway is that the Demon Paris is still a lieutenant.
Well to get into a deeper level, gravity is the effect of the warping of spacetime by objects with mass. There is a common analogy to a trampoline, if you put a tennis ball on the edge of a trampoline and then a bowling ball in the center, the tennis ball will roll toward the bowling ball because the warping of the trampoline pulled it there.
Could you point out where they say that? http://www.chakoteya.net/Voyager/518.htm
&gt; I was beginning to question every episode since the Demon planet Wait until you realize that the Changeling Bashir performed brain surgery on Sisko.
It's safe to look at an eclipse *during totality.* UV light from the corona is no worse than what you get from looking at the full moon at night. If it's not a total eclipse then you gotta look away or use filters.
How in holy hell can you write that much about simulation theory but have never seen The Matrix?
Caitians appeared briefly in live-action form in two of the films, and S3 of DIS seems to have a Lurian in it so we may hear them talk. They should be able to depict more non-humanoid species. A cameo from Captain Boday would be nice too.
"The Host" remains the only episode that cannot be reconciled with the rest of canon ("Ephraim and Dot" comes *very* close, as does the tribble cereal commercial). It's not the episode's fault, since DS9 retconned it, but the idea that the flagship CMO has no clue that the Trill are a joined species is not compatible with what we learn about them later.
Looks like a head CT scan knocks you for about 2mSv, which is about one-third to one-half of what you would normally get over the course of a year living in the developed world. Unless you're an airline pilot, in which case you rack up 2mSv in a couple of months. Living at high altitudes like in the western US gives you more than average too. Of course the difference is that those everyday risks are "flattening the curve," doling out the radiation over time so your immune system can take care of it, while a CT scan gives it to you all at once. But still, while we can't quantify the actual odds, it'd be not unlike buying 100 lottery tickets in a single day when you normally buy one. If the odds were 60 million to one on a normal day, they'd be 600,000 to one on that day. You're fine. And as the other response pointed out, they gave you that scan for a reason: to see if there was something seriously wrong with you. I bet you didn't worry about getting killed in traffic on the way to and from the test.
The moon doesn't change size. It sometimes looks like it's bigger on the horizon because it's near things that your mind compares it to, while later on it's all by itself in the sky. And when the moon is high above you, you're only looking at it through the 100km of atmosphere above you. When it's near the horizon, you're looking through the "side" of the atmosphere, so there's hundreds or thousands of km of air between you and the moon. The atmosphere scatters certain wavelengths of light, so the more there is the more it messes with the color. Sometimes there's pollution in the atmosphere too which can change the moon's color near the horizon.
You know you've watched the show too much when you can tell it's an outtake before the obvious part. Just the cadence of the dialogue is unfamiliar.
[I wrote this](https://www.reddit.com/r/startrek/comments/88880r/hands_down_this_has_to_be_the_saddest_quote_in/dwjh2a3/) a couple years ago and it might be of interest here.
I am not a number! I am a free man!
So in other words, who is the best player at each position.
You may not be aware that the distance between the earth and the sun is constantly changing. The earth's orbit is not a circle, it is an ellipse. It is furthest from the sun in early July and closest in early January, and the difference between the two is over 4 million km. Stars have a "goldilocks zone" where a planet with Earth-like conditions (size, composition and atmosphere) can hold water in liquid form. The Sun's goldilocks zone stretches from about Venus' orbit to about Mars' orbit, and Earth is in the middle. Beyond that, Earth's temperature is controlled and regulated mostly by its atmosphere in its ability to hold on to energy from the Sun, and that energy is not really "heat" in the way you get heat standing close to a fire, but in "light" by being bigger and brighter.
Trilogy with no name...so The Khan, the Few and the Many A Fistful of Katras For a Few Whales More
"Donald Trump?!? The *real estate mogul?* Who's vice president, Lee Iacocca?!?" "Doc!" "I suppose Marla Maples is the first lady! And Richard Branson is the secretary of state!"
The rank of "crewman" is enlisted. There are many Crewmen in the TNG era. &gt; couldn't the writers expand the Universe by now? Yeah there's been no world-building at all since TOS. It's sad :(
https://memory-alpha.fandom.com/wiki/Category:Starfleet_enlisted_personnel Only a handful are TNG, but the most obvious standout would be Simon Tarses.
Canon in Star Trek is much easier than in Star Wars. In Trek, canon is what's on screen...the series and films. That's it. There are no levels or tiers like SW used to have, it's either canon or non-canon. The books, while valuable and worthwhile stories, are non-canon. Through the 1990s, the novels were generally one-off standalone books that didn't form a collective narrative. That began to change after DS9 ended as there was more of an effort to tie them together into what we now call the "relaunch" series. A list of them is [here](https://memory-beta.fandom.com/wiki/Relaunch_novels_timeline), although if you're new to the franchise you should be warned that page contains significant spoilers to the end of the various series. For many years, the relaunch novels were basically all we had for new material, and so they earned a place in many fans' hearts. But at the end of the day they were never canon, and so when Trek started up again in the last few years the new creators were free to ignore the relaunch narrative (though their writing staff includes relaunch writers). And they did: PIC does *not* fit with the relaunch continuity as it has changed the fates of certain recurring characters and provided a different version of galactic history.
FYI the distance to the moon is an average of about 1.3 light-seconds, so you would be waiting a little less than 3 seconds to see your laser move. Otherwise yeah.
Indeed you can see this reflected in the recordings of the Apollo missions...as long as you can find the originals. Many versions are edited to remove the delay.
That never happened, but *every* career I've ever started in The Show included Mauer being traded to Oakland. It was always Oakland.
I was on the third-base side and could see him coming out of the clubhouse. I was able to lose my voice a full second before anyone on the other half of the park. My physical ability to make noise was exhausted before my will was...but that too was exhausted in turn, as the realization of what this meant flooded over me.
The higher, the fewer.
Other than the incident at the beginning of the 2009 film, every occasion of time travel in the franchise does indeed overwrite the original timeline with a new one. The "good" timeline was erased with the "darkest timeline" of the war, and luckily Guinan just happened to have magic powers to convince the captain to fix it.
"Parallels" establishes that there are new timelines being created all the time. But it doesn't have anything to do with time travel. Time travel overwrites an existing timeline; we see this firsthand several times when the timeline changes "around" the characters ("Edge of Forever," "Yesterday's," First Contact, "Year of Hell"). If time travel simply creates a separate timeline and leaves the old one alone, then the OP is correct and we shouldn't really care what happens (as I said, this does happen with the Kelvin timeline, and we don't know why).
Worrying about the DH in the NL when ***they're putting a runner on fucking second*** is the baseball equivalent of "it's my right not to wear a mask."
&gt; and turn to his love Could he maybe do something about that virus that's wiping out hundreds of thousands of people? That would be a perfect show of his love.
Except for Wesley saying "the Bajoran ship has disengaged, sir" after the area fills with Enterpri.
