[This one](https://youtu.be/kxMhigsduFE) Say Yer Sorry by Haunted Windchimes Or maybe one from Brown Bird--Fingers to the Bone or Down to the River [This](https://youtu.be/phWmok50QLk) or [this](https://youtu.be/H0bHjBjYcwk)
Anyone that read or saw Molly's game and still likes Tobey McGuire is a douchebag lover.
Let me know that's not the way to kill yourself, that looked painful.
NTA, you handled it better than I would, I almost got in a fight with a guy who wouldn't leave my GF, now wife alone at a bar. His friends finally dragged him away, you had a better sense of humor about it.
[Lol, its is a real book](https://www.amazon.com/dp/B01IAS9G94/ref=dp-kindle-redirect?_encoding=UTF8&amp;btkr=1)
Its inflated massively although even one innocent is too many, using inflammatory bullshit never helps.
Well he also showed them where the murder weapon was as well, not defending the trial, just saying. And his sister saying he was somewhere else means about as much as the cop saying he confessed.
People think someone waving them down are just trying to hurt them while someone pushing a car obviously needs help.
Yeah she'd be wearing an exploded diaper on her head.
Yeah maybe he just came off working his 6th day in a row working 14 hours to make money to support his wife and kid. Fuck this bitch.
It's weird I'm a hard sleeper and hard to wake up by anyone except my wife, all she has to do is whisper and I almost always snap up asking what's wrong. The one time I didn't I was sick and she almost called the paramedics on me
Yeah you'd be wearing that same diaper on your head about 5 seconds later
Nah the lady is a cunt
Nah shes a cunt
Dude, the rule is to always jack off *before* you click purchase.
Yeah most rap shows arent worth it, I heard Jay Z is usually professional though
$200 a week? Those are rookie number, ya gotta pump those numbers up!
Yeah that's just being douchebags and separation is not what most believe at all
Some people think the world stops when they are making their choices
For those who rarely whine I come running, those who whine all the time it loses that effect for me
I see what hes talking about after the blink theres a little glitch in the eye near his nose, makes me believe and I've seen up until a week ago
Hes talking about the corner near his nose after the blink.
Oh there are probably others but I'm just on personal experience
They do not have the ability without that part of a brain
They're not paying gus, they never needed too, UGA were regularly in the top 15, miss state rarely got above 25
Obviously just look at your thumb!
No it wouldnt be cheaper
Technically the USA just threw out the people who were colonizing the lands
Yeah because your homelife sucks that means you want to make someone feel worse than you. What a douchebag.
Isnt the real factor, we were poor and had a broken home but I never bullied anyone even though I was bigger. Some people are just assholes then later in life they blame others for the shit life they have. Since others whined enough to get the thread locked: Just like your anecdotal bullshit that's parroted by the left to excuse away shit behaviot. Fact remains bad and neglectful parents bred this shit not environment.
No he didnt, he moved for 9 months
Shit, gas prices are gonna skyrocket
After having my bicep tendon fix I can say the elbow has a metric fuckton of pain associated with it.
Go easy on him, Hes a Seahawks fan so odds are he just started watching football the past few years.
Baby steps.
Ahhh I used to play that song to force my wife out of bed in the morning
Most gun violence is in the cities and usually a larger population
Neither one of these were mass shootings just violence that happened to take place near them, major cities get like that sometimes
It's sad they feel like it has to be on every show, they never realize people could live their entire life and not know or work with a gay person, most of our movies would only have gay people as supporting cast.
Yeah cause 135 isnt shit
Just implying most of their fans are bandwagon
They physically do not posses the neural part of a brain that processes pain so **we can say** with certainty that they do not feel pain.
It was sarcasm try not being so uptight.
Wish my wife hated huge purses, she just bought another one since it didnt bend enough and this was just after she let a coach bag go
Sure but those are days of historical significance not trying to make it a whole month.
Yeah that's not working because they'll always be second tier with that attitude, they're not an elite program and they never will be at this rate.
Not edge, reality
That's weak, that bicep looks like mine after I tore my tendon and it rolled up like a lampshade.
Yeah when I was doing things that weren't legal at the time I made sure I'd never get pulled over. Good luck!
Are they going to provide around the clock security? When the polls are open someone is there to monitor.
The fan base isnt gonna be much if they only play average talent sure they may sell out now but the way to bring in season ticket buyers us to have big wins over major programs. Hes not doing that.
Yeah but that's doubtful, it would be 300lbs or close, at my strongest I could only bench 305x8 one maxed at 360x1. But then its hard to fight when your so bulky.
Maybe your school, we spent a lot of time discussing inventions by black men and women. And no I dont think it deserves a whole month while everyone else discounts any other contributions as taking advantage of colonialism or slaves.
If ain't 2 45 plates get back on the nautilus machines kid!
No it ain't
Helps when they have actual evidence instead of him just trying to protect his buddies.
No the two party system is just shit.
Maybe your boss was just jealous because he wanted your boyfriend?
Theres federal protection, guy below you even linked it
Most Americans would think you were just huge Crosby, Stills, and Nash fans.
God people are stupid
Guessing wife or GF so he did it out of instinct but then you should also not drive like an ass in wet conditions
Or downvote when they are meaningless
Politicians lie more than anyone on the planet.
Every single one lied.
NTA they have seats specifically for the wheelchair bound
Kylo lost to someone fighting with a light saber for the first time, its bullshit and lazy writing.
God this sub is full of idiots, I bet all of you think the country has moved far right and ignore how far left the country has moved.
Wont happen, companies will then see that as a day wasted and start forcing 5 days at 10 hours each day.
They werent though unless you're comparing humans to animals, we dont switch genders like others in the animal kingdom, its biologically impossible but we do have a set in attraction to a sexual subset but thata physiological not biological. You're still either male or female unless you're one of the 1 in like 20 million born with both genes that develop some born have it fade early in life when the dominant gene takes over while happens a lot.
Nothing will make me miss the raimi films, thought they were cheesey
Almost looked like 3
It was closed?
God you people are dumb as a bag of rocks which is still smarter than AOC who's dumb as a bag of sand.
Used to happen a lot when checks were a thing, just write it over for $20-50 and get the cash and yes it could be abused which is why some people stopped or limited it to under $50.
What earbuds have location devices in them?
I prefer Freedom and socialism.
USA would be blonder with bigger tits.
And he was malnourished when he arrived but let's not mention that at all, kind of like how when a kid dies of dehydration shortly after being taken into custody its trump and the border patrols fault.
You'd be surprised, after Vick a lot of states made those laws hurt more for cruelty.
Yep that had more to do with it than his decades of steroid abuse up until that point he was considered a nice guy. Which is why that entire crime shocked so many people.
No fair, The Dude always reaches the front page.
Ouch for all us born in the 70s
You motherfucker now my wife is asking what I'm laughing at and its impossible to explain to an outsider.
Ewww that'd be like dating your moms oldest sister. And if it was a man he would be mocked.
The real short story, Heisman was a punk who couldn't accept losing so he forced frat boys to play and kept pouring it on because hes a punk.
I still dont understand why GT people brag about this game, it's like a high school team playing an 8th grade team.
That was because they made a push to get into more schools and nobody really wanted to pay GT to wear their gear at the time because most kids thought the offense was boring.
I really dont get why people have a problem with individuals who cant follow the law being denied the right to vote *while* they are incarcerated. Now once they get out it's a different story.
I hate the term "gatekeeping" it's been used so much and so often I have no clue what it means any longer.
It was a stupid protest by the beer company which was only done to gain them publicity.
Yeah not even the same
They did render medical aid, they were in the last stages of dehydration but keep on believing the bullshit
Actually you're not, this latest bullshit they've been pulling is pushing the country further right, congrats.
You're my boy Blue!!!
UCF will deny your application, they only want teams that will make it easy for them to be undefeated.
Troll post, its an r/ atheism wet dream. A brand new account and not just a made up temp but a thought out name, its easily a wet dream post for atheist sub who put crap all over reddit. Kind of like how they just accuse people of ripping off their Darwin fish when most likely its kids being vandals.
Its r/ atheism brigading their angsty bullshit everywhere.
That kind of shit is what's getting trump reelected
Not really a conspiracy is it? Didnt one of their insiders release a shit ton of internal documents to show how they are fucking this shit up?
&gt;The report includes undercover footage of longtime Google employee and Head of Responsible Innovation, Jen Gennai saying: &gt;“Elizabeth Warren is saying we should break up Google. And like, I love her but she’s very misguided, like that will not make it better it will make it worse, because all these smaller companies who don’t have the same resources that we do will be charged with preventing the next Trump situation, it’s like a small company cannot do that.” That's sounds really bad if not a direct indictment.
So thousands of years ago compared to a lot the past few decades.
Seems dumb since Montreal was a shitty baseball town.
Is this baseball or softball because I don't know many women who can play that well.
So now even if it was rendered it was just bad so its trump fault, apparently there has to be a full service hospital that runs the entire length of the border to make you idiots happy. The only reason she died was because she had a shit father who brought her through the desert without enough water.
Theres little to zero proof they cheated and the only supposed ringer was a barnstorming player, not a pro, basically he was AAA or AA level which is barely above college level. Heisman was just a punk who couldn't stand losing. And tech was gifted their last NC, either way the future still looks better than GT and they'll always be little brother in the state and an afterthought nationally.
Shes referring to trump getting elected, they've been moving results that goes against their agenda for years. Anything that remotely questions their results or offers alternative theories drops off or 2nd page. Nobody reads 2nd page search results.
Oh bullshit, the child was dragged across a desert, the blame lies with the parent and nobody else. Anyone with half a brain can see that fact, that leaves most of you out in the cold.
They're moving it because its in a residential area, the other option is to just kill it then move it.
Yeah I'd get up from a coma to change that channel as well.
'Click'
Well it wasnt a trial and it wasn't over the affair, it was the cover up.
Would it have been so hard to include BP in the title? I mean they both had to use this unless you believe one actor had real superpowers.
Well if you leave 3.1 feet 4 cars will try to squeeze in that spot, that's just facts.
You can clearly see jungle foliage in the background, it has to be extremely wet and humid year round for decades to produce this, also no stickers on the lower half of the doors which are required for dump trucks to prove DOT certification. So it can't be Jersey.
Exactly, quit trying to regulate all the bullshit, work on the pollution and the rest works itself out
Oh he'd never leave my house
Time to go take loans out in Kazakhstan.
So you assign zero blame on the parents who dragged their kids across dangerous terrain? Doesn't surprise me since the left keeps trying to say welfare works.
Ewwww saw them in a view to a kill last night and commented how I understand she was big for a while buy shes not an attractive woman.
Yeah muslims.
Gay men are strange like that and rarely alone for long if they are even moderately attractive, maybe they can just pick up on when they are found attractive. I've had women hit on me with my wife nearby to the point she had to make her presence known, when she got mad about it later I just said "no she wasnt flirting!" Got to the point she called the woman back over and she admitted it and apologized she didnt see my ring. My wife has just accepted I have no clue when anyone is hitting on me which works out great for her. Makes me wonder quite a bit who I've turned down not realizing their intentions.
Banner is a pansy
In that area you probably have fiber from ATT
They been looking for a reason so they just made one up
What none of these idiots realize is it's just making him bigger.
Maybe but r/conservative does a good job of that by themselves, I got called a tree hugger and banned, that's hilarious calling me a tree hugging hippie. I'm against pollution, not crippling industry to hide wealth redistribution in the name of global warming.
&gt;everybody else in the world but you is wrong... That's what the left has been saying for years now.
Yeah that sub was borderline scary, sounded like s bunch of pedos in there
Yeah they've gotten worse it seems, I was banned from there a long time ago during the election for saying hillary and trump both suck in another sub. Hell I thought it was a joke at first and that nobody would support him for president, still kind of shocked he won. Not that I support him at all I just find it hilarious that hillary lost to that idiot, kind of makes it worth it.
You act like those users haven't been banned for a long time from those subs even though they've never posted in those subs. Its something that's not supposed to be done but I've been banned from subs and never even knew they existed.
&gt;tolerant of conservatives there No they arent, I was banned there a long time ago
Betting they're all banned from that sub
There was an article that was posted a few days ago about how young kids had been gravitating towards trump, this kind of shit is just going to build up support for everyone because it looks like hes under attack.
&gt;and [r/topmindsofreddit](https://www.reddit.com/r/topmindsofreddit) That sub is full of mental midgets.
Go on a desktop and subscribe, the apps do not have the warning screen for you to click ok.
That's how you get caught, spending too much at once
Yeah shitty just like they were pre-investigation period.
Ole miss was always in the 20s, a good year for them was jumping up to the teens, so jumping into the top 5 was a huge red flag.
Sucks to be you because I did reply do I need to post the ban message as well?
Apartments or house? The areas arent always turned green when in fact they are fiber ready.
No I'm not, but then our team is good and you'll always be the little brother in the state
Not much, I say that whenever I think of someone being with someone I find nasty, like Ted danson with whoopi goldberg, ewww
Oh shit I thought people were referring to t_d, not politics which still has me on the buffer while others dont have to wait long at all.
Yeah I replied to another of your posts, got the subs confused
It's not an official line of communication and it does not infringe on anyone's free speech, they can still post their opinions. He still ignores idiots like the guy who sued.
Anytime someone gets attacked with little to no evidence and gives the appearance of being silenced leads others to rally to the cause even if that cause is bullshit. They did the same shit in Germany and it never works, you attack their policies and let them look crazy to let cooler heads prevail.
If it's in that neighborhood with Gloucester and lancelot as streets it does have fiber, you should be able to see a little black box on the pole if its aerial
Even the lions are like "Japanese people are fucking weird"
I love defending bad movies but I use android
Great scenes but bad overall, it makes me laugh still, also Dana carvey was the best part of Moving with Richard Pryor.
That movie is excellent and terrifying, if you take acid first....
Sure he can
There are a shit ton of subs that will ban you for posting there, KiA, and others.
Why ya gotta talk about shit, why ya puttin' that bad mojo on them?!?
Right wing? That place is extremely far left, fuck they even have MSNBC watching threads for the past few years.
That's what makes it suck now, it used to be non PC and now it's so politically correct its pathetic.
Hes not racist just religious but people think the two are the same now
According to you but then the left believes everyone on the right is racist.
No it didn't
Nah little brother people forget even plays the game any longer but keep clinging to scraps, beating frat boys, and being gifted a NC.
Yes you should seek medical attention
Other subs do this and never get in trouble, quite a few call for cops to he killed
We learned it from watching you!!!!!
Yeah both states are boring, Iowa is cleaner though.
It's her movement before hes even finished talking that makes me laugh, she knows where hes going.....
No vet would do this unless they knew the cat was pregnant and there are no visible signs, hell the nipples arent even protruding. My guess is they're looking to see something this little shit swallowed like mine did.
Quit with that feminist bullshit, the first girl is playing the game so she can accumulate as many male "friends" as she can who she will play off each other to get free dinners because of course a man should pay. Every guy has gone through this and once you stand up for yourself all of a sudden hes the asshole, fuck that noise, he asked her out on a **date** not as *friends*. You could even break it down to verbal contract language (which is perfectly legal in my state) the original offer was to go as the 1st partys date (contract offered) the 2nd party wanted to go as friends (contract amended), the 1st party can take time to decide if he wanted to take that offer and get competing or more lucrative bids which is his right. Hes not the asshole at all, I hope they wind up together and I hope they have a successful life together just to show women you can meet your ideal mate young in life.
That's younger female speak for "I'll get something for free and wont have to worry about breaking up if something better comes along"
&gt;He was pressuring her into sex No he wasnt, you're assuming that and it turns out you're wrong.
The ones voting yta aren't getting this is most likely a couple hours away which is the reason for the room. Its necessarily for sex, it's to be responsible and not drive back drunk.
God they are stupid.
Shes the most rational and free thinking of the bunch, they cant have that at all.
Sure he can.
Yeah most were pissed after the tower attacks but fark has been left to far left since the late 2000s and before Obama was in office.
Not really rare, predictable and stale.
Obvious joke is obvious.
Voting for a bill means nothing, he may have one of thousands of hands in helping it along but to take credit was way too much. If you are handing out credit then you should thank the first Bush since he released it to the public against others wishes. Clinton should really thank him since without the internet he would be a failure as president.
Still makes me laugh to see them run with oven mitts, I see why but its still funny
FREDDDDDDIEEEEE!
Doubt it buy theres an argument to be made for 2-3 and possibly 4 this year having a great year.
Keep clinging to the past and that gift, guess when you know the season is gonna suck you gotta its all ya got.
Oh and who is this pitcher? I've never even heard of him, and why is he starting?
No the Braves pitcher, didnt realize they brought up another starter, thought Keuchel was brought up for foltynewicz
So what do the players get per day when they're called up? I'm assuming they get more in one game than a couple months in the minor leagues.
Every day they're on the roster they have to be paid like they were a major league player per the union rules. So it looks like they're paid 3,500 or so per day, not too bad.
&gt;When ~~we lost our~~ Thrashers were sold out by shitty owners Sucks I had just gotten into watching them, now I just dont care.
I'll take a double play here to give up a run.
They were right at the knees, dont know what hes bitchin about.
Hes so inconsistent that I don't know why he was paid all that money
Disown her.
They were borderline but they were clearly strikes.
Am I the only one not really scared by kimbrel? Hes not even close to the automatic save as he was years ago.
A perfectly thrown slider is not junk Edit: Dont boo me! I'm right!
It's amazing since he always was shitty when it mattered for us
Wtf flowers???
How do you live in someone's walls? Most walls are like 4 inches thick
UGA fans love the Clausen years, so much shit talking only to have him sad
What's amazing is none of you recognize having free speech stripped away because it's only affecting people you dislike now.
Sounds like they may be against it personally but not willing to force that belief on others which doesn't make them prolife
Yep
No matter what people and media tells you, there weren't a lot of Klan in the south, we all thought they were idiots.
Unless there's one that's better in their stats.
Ñ
So something else theyve stolen from the 80s for kids today, quit appropriating my memories!!!
You have quite a few people talking about how they love them and they saved their life, not to mention the OP praising them but thats not a good enough source for you
How disgusting do you have to be for bugs to live in your car?
Yeah, but everyone ignores the left is who started this shit, they were the only ones to fight it all the way to the supreme court in 2000, the democrats from georgia did that shit with one district which had one little section then stretched down a thin line about 50 miles to pick up a ton of minority voters. &amp;#x200B; Shady as shit.
Yeah you're about to wind up having companies bundling streaming together.
YTA, you ask, you pay no matter what she tries to do, I hope you didnt like this girl because you may have ruined you shot.
What a vapid twat.
I loved shallow grave, starts out normal but goes off the rails.
&gt; [POW, right in the kisser](https://youtu.be/UJS3a20rUVM)
Well it followed simple physics
Yeah in most cities hes getting the shit beat out of him the first day
&gt;Polyamorous No they're just whores but can't bring themselves to admit they're shallow.
So basically tip doordash in cash, got it.
So what happened?
Have monitors in every room where just after 30 mins of sleep they get jarred awake
God shes a moron and her show sucked
9 year old.
I think its an infomercial
Who is this and why are they doing this?
&gt;STOP BREAKING THE LAW ASSHOLE!!! For the girls
Figured they'd lose on the Kong part alone
Onions suck unless they're carmelized
I dont get spending all that money on seeing a damn DJ, spend a few weeks to arrange music and a light show then anyone could be a DJ.
Ok now imagine you were promised a nice steak dinner, now imagine when you got there it was a dried out rump roast with no gravy. Sure you'd be nice and eat it but that's not what you were promised.
See I could never go on a safari like that, I'd want to have someone shoot the lions attacking to help the other animals.
No it's not going shrink
Needs to add a 3rd time, after they orgasm
Well most of the article also deals with other subs that post threats with nothing happening to them..
Not on their sport cars, the Camaro had a notoriously shitty transmission
Everyone in the media ignores the shit the left does but if someone on the right slightly blurs the line its front page news
Nope they're just fooling themselves into thinking they're right.
If you ask, then you're obligated to pay.
Nobody cares if their chosen party does it, that's the point, none of you bitch until the right does it.
&gt;the people enforce these standards. Lol the people dont enforce shit and they never should be allowed to enforce shit like that.
No they are probably pro life they just refuse to push their beliefs on others, its amazing how none of you can grasp that concept.
A podunk town with 15k of which probably 1/4th may be racist and 1k a member of the Klan. Get over it, the Klan isn't shit in the south, you gotta look to Illinois, Indiana, Ohio, Michigan for that shit
It will be too late for them and nobody cares
Too many people support silencing their critics, it always turns on them later.
Reality does make people angry.
You can never completely control animals, you just hope to contain them. Our dogs always knew the boundaries of our yard and if I call them they stopped immediately which helped sooth our neighbors over who realized they aren't dangerous running around.
Exactly, it's why Vietnam never happened.
That no help
Steve went back and gave him a bulletproof vest to wear that stark designed.
Is this idiot really trying to compare this to Rwanda and the fucking holocaust? Christ these people are insane.
Funny how they aren't mentioning the party, you can put money on the left pulling this shit, when I did network security we had local union offices that would recruit homeless then give them a shirt, $5, and a meal to march
I'll go, I'll go, I'll go....
Not sure why you're getting slammed here, serious questions it seems, the skin doesnt look that bad and I wonder if you gave it more time it would look better.
That's a woman?
80s saw the largest growth in the middle class, that's poor moving up but please keep being ignorant.
Link or arrest report? The left is notorious for this shit, but keep defending it because its what you choose to follow blindly.
Almost any Camaro from the 80s to the present.
That is not what they are saying, I am personally against it but I'm not forcing anyone to follow my beliefs.
If you are the one inviting then you're the asshole if you dont pay.
It's their SOP so it's a safe bet.
Oh noes!!! How will I ever go on living! Reality pisses of the left wing goons.
Sure they do, fiscally we have to support some social programs, most of us just think our bureaucratic system is too much and is too rife with corruption
Maybe he should have just finished the book instead of letting those idiots fuck it up! Get back to writing George!
&gt;"The way the world responded showed us how fragile masculinity is and solidified the necessity for us to confront and dismantle patriarchy," They're fucking insane
Cause women have gone crazy
Sure but theres a difference between looking nice or looking slutty, if you can bend down and see pussy then its slutty. Classy and sexy is tough to pull off, most women just wind up looking slutty or trashy
We can be loud and obnoxious but still friendly and follow the rules, Chinese tourists just push ahead in every line then act like their the only ones that matter. I was ready to punch one when we were in the Louvre
Yeah and shockingly some Canadians as well in Amsterdam, along with British tourists being loud and drunk
Do they not have term limits in Germany? It seems like shes been leader for 15 years.
I didnt read the entire thing cause I'm lazy but my father lives in an extremely poor area in the north Georgia mountains, I think most earn below poverty level. Well he made a good living and moved up there to get away from all the bullshit traffic and hassle but be always wants to help so he would "lend" people money or a place to stay. He finally had to stop it all after his second house got cleaned out and these assholes actually kept trying to come back!
Drunken British people are fucking annoying
She probably fighting her lesbian urges, of course that's what they always say when men get too upset over playful groping.
Well that is their only highlight of the decade
What made us angry is the umpire later said the fielder was camped which was bullshit, you can even see the guy looking at the left fielder coming in, it was a bad call. Yes we were down but I'd rather have bases loaded with McCann at bat than that shit call.
Bases loaded with 2012 McCann coming up? I'll take those odds and dont forget they had started hitting off that reliever, I think the one out was a hard hit ball but one that went right at someone. Either way that ruined the game, especially after our fans littered the field.
Ewwwww 38 year old with a 17 year old? Disgusting old pervert.
RIP OPs arms and chest
Nope
No I just know the difference between classy and whore
LOL [I dont care for Auburn](https://youtu.be/e9IRAgpF2f0)
Long post just to shit on Auburn, I love it.
And argue which member of the crew team is the weak link
And the fact Oregon cant move the ball at all
It was a play on what others say to men when they are virulently anti gay
Oh I get it in that system but I think someone in office too long get too much power/influence and can push through what they believe. But then I think no politician should be able to serve more than 2-3 times
My uncle has it and is off the deep end, hes had 8 concussions and he was found 2 Thanksgivings ago face down in a puddle and then started running from the cops when they were trying to help him. I had to yell at one of my aunts who said he just needs to be around church and the family then tried to talk his son from getting him into a facility near his home.
I dont know why you were downvoted, kids playing have concussions all the time and if his family has a history of mental issues it's a short jump to bigger problems. Too many football fans seem to think if we try to stop CTE it will ruin the game, I'd rather have these players live longer healthy lives than be basically crazy by 40. It's an obvious issue when previously normal players start going off the deep end after taking big hits.
Nah just reality
I could almost say for certain he has it, there is no history of mental illness of any kind in our family or even dementia, now hes a shadow of his former self while being normal one day then just acting crazy for days. And while most athletes are intense these guys have not made irrational choices until after sustaining multiple huge hits or one catastrophic hit that seems to tip the balance.
Meh that show seems to use clean grade school humor and falls flat for me, not like big bang theory flat but just meh.
Are people really this stupid and lazy? It would take 2 minutes and you could see the entire road while driving
The only reason you know what it means is because people pointed out how stupid kids were being so they made this bullshit.
And while we didnt look great we didnt get curbstomped by LSU, hell compared to others we were competitive
Yeah these are shit give away tickets doing that shit, at our home games they chant U-G-A
Meh I'm not that mad, we should have won to get in, I'm just sick of those who didnt go getting into the playoffs
They're just mad they werent picked all forgetting they laid an egg in the sugar bowl that made us all look bad
We arent west Virginia
Well it's like texas shouting they're back year after year after year.
No we didn't
Probably not, he'll be rich enough to get transplants
Yeah I'm sure they do and until the past few years a lot in high school had it now they limit hits in practice
Nah that's reality but keep on ignoring their whoring
Shows how much the pac12 sucks
Yeah I said he dresses like a fat kid at the pool trying to hide the fact he's fat
Yeah I dont get why people keep saying Richt was the same, I'm not sure Richt had 8 top 10 wins his entire tenure.
Ummm we werent expecting to get to the playoffs let alone come within one fluke prayer pass and catch of winning the game. You sound like the idiots who shit on the Braves all those years, like it's better to be sitting at home and not even have that chance.
Hey it remains to be scene but we looked better than the other teams in the playoffs, if we didnt have injuries maybe that game is a little closer but we still didnt her blown out .
Then they expand it to 8 teams so we will regularly get in 3-4 teams and still wind up with all SEC championship NC games
Lol no, one had good to great numbers and the other had average numbers which dropped against good competition
Well I think they already have a 4 star QB signed
Uhhhh no receivers coming back, easy to stop a one dimensional offense And nobody saw LSU being that buzzsaw, you say you did then you're a damn liar.
You are talking shit otherwise you wouldn't have mentioned underperforming at all. We expected Kirby to compete better, nobody expected this so quickly.
Yeah sorry I dont, people are in office that have too much power and have too much influence to ever behave without their self interests in mind. Its not inexperience, its getting new blood that's haven't been bought off by old lobbying groups so will do their bidding forever.
Part of the indications is irrational behavior so yeah it's a good bet if no other causes present themselves.
Its passive aggressive which is what most of CFB has been, its like saying "you're the prettiest ugly one"
Old and staged
Meh it was thin but it still worked, that's more on the script than the director Oh and better than captain marvel
You and everyone else miss the point, you keep saying genders are equal yet then go out of your way to separate them into "female" films. If they are good films I dont care who made them, i think penny Marshall was underrated
Nah they were trying to push into the bar and the finally shoved him away from his seat, the reaction was over the top but they most likely meant to do that
Why are all of you ignoring the beginning? He was there and they push in to take his spot.
&gt; Chavez said she overheard a juror ask why Olcott should lose his job because of two drunk Mexicans in bar. Sure she did, she knows she was being a prick and trying to take his seat
And she was trying to push him as well, both acted like douches only one is acting all innocent
No they don't
Rupaul is an idiot
So barely above .500 then a severe drop off
His team did, football is a team sport, if your surrounding cast sucks it makes you look bad
Your opinion means dick because LSU was always the underachiever for years before Georgia
Yeah that's backwards, what really happens is that lobbyists pay off these puppets for decades then push their bills through while new blood has zero ties to these fucks. The reason our technology is so fucked up is we have had 70-90 year olds making the rules about something they know nothing about and are only doing what the people who pay them off tell them to do. Term limits are essential to push shit thinking out, theres a reason why the lobbyists fight so hard against term limits, they lose their boys.
Ohhhh sucks I missed that thread
Nah fuck him, he needed to zoom in on those titties
Yeah what about popping your knee
My first thought, "Is his name Forrest too?"
It always bugged me, if my shoulders and chest are strong then why cuffs bad?
Boooooo Indiana, how dare you let us down like this!!!! Boooooo!
That's a low bar hes set
Yeah that will be a problem for him at the NFL level, they expect TEs to block a lot.
Even those guys can block really well, what sets them apart are their hands, they seem to catch anything remotely thrown in their direction.
Yeah almost as bad as Barry switzer letting kids get shot up with steroids while at OU
&gt;played heavily into favorites and picked and chose who to be mean to So like every other coach.
Crossed the desert to become an illegal immigrant, you're not an immigrant until you follow the laws which a lot rarely do, I've helped our Ukrainian neighbors all the time setting up their lawnmower and taking them and their kid for a ride in my car which their kid seems fascinated by since it's so loud. Immigration is not a bad thing, it's when they never plan to immigrate and just take jobs off the books for lower than average wages that it becomes a problem, when immigration happened in the past the people wanted to assimilate into the culture but people seem determined to set up micro communities inside the country. I say fine to that as well but print your signs in english as well so I can read and order some food!
Yes they are, just try to enter Canada without papers or be Guatemalan trying to get into Mexico illegally because you may get shot, I also find it ironic citizens of Mexico hate illegals from central American countries worse than citizens of the USA hate illegals from Mexico.
How about Argentina fix their own economy
Lesbians fist each other? So lesbians are just the ultimate size queens?
Wars are about power and control, always have been and always will be
The source only matters if it's against their point of view.
That's fugly
Statistically they're not killing on the level of vape and other tobacco products
Why redact the names it's easily searchable and even in the tweets
Well I agree with him on the vegan stuff, and that beyond meat doesnt taste like meat, it's like flavored cardboard
Sports bars during the day are full of I dont give a shit employees
No they cant, they end up releasing them and then they wind up killing someone, just like they did in San Francisco
Except even featherweights have muscle
No it was the original name, then the Brits got all pissy about it: [&gt;The word “soccer,” which is believed to have originated in Britain some 200 years ago, comes from the official name of the sport, “association football.” As other versions of the game evolved to include Rugby Football, it is believed the Brits adopted colloquialisms to distinguish each game ](https://m.huffpost.com/us/entry/us_5492714) But hey keep arguing about moronic shit, just keeps proving Americans still getting under your thin skin
Wrong on every point but congrats on trying to feel important
So they're mad at their prime minister because he took his family on a vacation instead of dealing with fires? Or is there something else?
And all I can see is how upset our cats were after our dogs died since they love longer lives
I hate forced lines and that line just was bad, I didnt hate the movie just felt it was trying to satisfy the fans after the last jedi sucked so bad
Ahhh so those of us with passes know which days to avoid, thanks.
If I got a choice between the beach and Knoxville then it's not even a choice
I just wish Miami's team doctors werent morons so hed still be there
You will get instantly mocked for being dumb if you have a southern accent up north, what's ironic is that in boston I had to work around the dumbest and most racist people I had ever met. And I was raised up around plant city, fl and spent time in ducktown/copperhill,tn shit was crazy yo.
It was exactly as I expected though he looked average against a really good defense. Wouldnt have mattered, all that Clemson loss did was spare them embarrassment on national TV
Nah that close to the beach trumps any advantage Knoxville has, I like the town buy Florida has too much close by to even make it close.
Fair points but when you got a wife bitching at you because she planned a vacation almost a year ago and you promised it wouldn't be a problem..... Still you take aid when its offered, my biggest bitch about bush and people in new Orleans during Katrina
Climate change doesn't have a fucking thing to do with these fires
So yet another reason to hate Florida
Metal bars and bullet proof glass
No hes not, hes already a millionaire
Both are guilty but the media acts like only the right is evil enough to do this shit, most even ignore that Democrats from Georgia were the first ones to get sued over this shit, theirs was really horrible too
Gas make boom boom
Order it well done
Out of curiosity how long do you have to wait? Cause I went the same day for mine through my plan and even workmens comp got me one in a few days.
Atlant
String, lots of string.
I understand most of Australia is uninhabitable
Georgia has one so most states do since Georgia labor laws suck for the most part. Also fyi, Georgia's law was passed recently after it turned red, up until that point Georgia was blue as hell, Georgia didnt elect a Republican governor until 2000 which was the first in like 70-100 years.
"Massive crowds" looks like maybe 50-100 people at best.
Obama had set up a deal that would have ended up giving then enriched uranium which Israel had a huge issue with, that deal was not peace in any sense of the word.
Anyone who calls the deal with iran a peace treaty is a fucking moron.
A bro that's been in office for decades and done nothing, if that's a bro you can keep him
Anyone who calls that a peace treaty is a moron but you hear the left using that term a lot in the past few days.
If you think this is fascism then you have no clue what fascism really is
Well maybe they're sisters? And most dildos are just rechargeable now so batteries are irrelevant
But that is someplace to stick yo dick
Not from that angle shes not
Predatory car lenders near bases prey on unsuspecting or ignorant kids with extra cash
That design is what made GM bring the Camaro back and they look extremely similar except a little bigger.
Money and life is different when you have a personal connection to people
I had a dream and it came true!
Umm because yall tried to kill him to win the game?
If you beat san Fran my erection will be complete steel
The offensive *playcalling* went to shit, he fucking quit running the ball and it was shown thats the way to win yesterday
For the last time warning had fucking nothing to do with it, improper brush clearing and too few controled burns caused this devastation.
What is that?
Well shes gonna be out next election
TIs daughter is the blowjob queen
Well garbage men also get injured which makes their "career" short
Also high school football
I tell everyone to get a dashcam, money already saved me over $2,000
Yes all those arsonists they caught should do a lot of jail time
Arson
Out of control fires have nothing to do with climate change, and everything to do with not being prepared, fewer controlled burns to get rid of underbrush and fewer fire lines. Florida used to have a huge problem but remedied that by being more proactive in fire control.
Arson is not related to climate change
Yeah without that QB they dont have at least one and probably two of their last NC
Or he could pump white noise through them to deaden the sound as well
I think we already know this is happening, it's how a post with 100 comments get 20k upvotes in a couple hours
It's not lies , its reality
Controled burns would have stopped it
Controlled burns would have stopped it
Skrimp
That equilibrium movie sucked
LOL, everyone thinks this means this pic was as bad as Clintons pic that rode to the top yesterday. Problem is this pic is decades earlier and Clinton's pic was with his assistant who got him underage girls, oh and it was after he had already been convicted once of pedophilia!!! Christ the left just has to defend these assholes while saying hes just as bad!!!!
They cant handle Bill being smeared
It's an opinion piece and a lot does fit their actions, antifa has attacked a lot of people who were just having a rally because it was a subject they disliked
Net worth means nothing in terms of available wealth but this makes for an outrage moment for those who dont have a clue.
How about they just pay their warehouse workers bettee?
So they just take a screenshot with their phone
Lying sack of shit
Need to upvote shit that's not so fucking long, nobody's got time for all that
Usually it's the women who cheat Edit: ahhhh the downvotes shows how ignorant people are, when I traveled hotel bars were full of married women trying to hook up and be adventurous. Even in higher scale hotel bars there are women who feel neglected, it's preying on emotionally needy women and simple
Bullshit
Nah that's not true
Yeah it did
Lead me to believe in the axis tilt theory more and more
No it's not, it is turrible
YTA, you're just mad she didn't like you
No previous interactions make her suspicious not a racist, get over yourself
Fucking CTE man I'm telling ya
It was funny that PJ at GT did the same thing, if any player he went after visited another school he would revoke their scholarship almost immediately and be a prick about it. He ran a specialized offense and he had no business being a pain in the ass about it which lost a lot a of athletes.
And the wiping his butt as well....
Schools have had an agenda to indoctrinate people for decades and not teach them shit
No it wont, outbacks are still lame
Scary since you may find out your SO isnt attracted to you
And both have major upgrades, to even act like they're the same fucking vehicle is stupid
Ditching to have sex is more believable
You cheap bastard Edit: people got jokes in here
No they didn't
Lol no, only because she buried the bodies deep enough or threatened the right people
Means Bernie keeps talking shit while going no where
And everyone would lie and say they dont want to do this
Well duh.
I'd put Joaquin at like 35-40%, that role was just fucking amazing
Sure but like others said hes a 5 or 6 at best with hair hes an 8
Problem is you have to be able to afford about $20k a year in cocaine for attractive women not to care and still have enough left over for nice vacations
That shit still doesnt feel real if someone tries to touch his hair and for those prices he could fly to Turkey and get a full head of hair with transplants
So is womens make up
So obviously made up
Yeah well fuck China, congrats President Tsai.
https://youtu.be/r-7bVZYy_ds
Nothing, this guy has no fucking clue what he's talking about
Yeah run your hands through it and you feel all that shit that holds it together and realize it's not real.
Well we dont have to worry about that
Duh, I rape drug dealers
Well shit we held them down pretty good when they were red hot
NTA, you'd only be the asshole if he examined it with his dick
Yeah you're missing the part where they want to line people up and shoot them like on the beaches in Cuba
Plenty of BB guns look real they put some orange cap to designate fake but that's easily taken off and they look like a 9 MM
It's coming from the media as well saying cops are targeting male blacks
Everybody sues in the USA
Yeah most are in Democrat controlled states
Makes me forget I need to get stuff so I dont drive and I'm not in pain, also it gets rid of my migraines so fuck off op Oh yeah, dummy, pcp has a higher casualty rate per user than other drugs.
CNN has had a shit reputation for a long time
Pffffft this is the problem I have with this game, why not just go find someone to revive him, oh the one DM controls all and wont allow that,.....
Yeah this is why we need to sterilize people in massive quantities
If they did they wasted some bomb ass pussy.
I'm guessing he'll be dead, the other kid looks like hes not responding because hes been told not to hit his little brother/cousin/nephew so the first person he acts like this way on is gonna fuck him up
Defense and protection of the people does not mean everyone is owed basic human rights free of charge without working
Well a million dollars in Kenya hes set for life and probably in danger
We already have that it's called soccer
Rights to not be bothered and go about their lives sure while taking advantage of whatever public facilities the locals have. There are zero human rights guaranteed.
Oh so pestering our Facebook friends
A history book
No
Disturbing are the ones defending the bullies
It didnt
Buy Puerto Rico
Dont worry I think he was as well
Yes after the dog moved, it's like those awkward dance moves humans do with each other
*warranted
That's every black church in America
Still better than the last jedi
Why? Just don't say it, that's not very hard.
Extremely I suppose.
County line strip club!
I was born there, it's not that bad, not that great either but the beach isnt far... is the hooters hotel still there?
You've got the shittiest coverage I've ever heard of, I'm covered with copay up to 3500 then they pay 90% in network and 80% out of network.
13 pumps doesnt count as 13 times
Good
You're a change up
So go right ahead, nothing stopping them from paying more
Numerous accusations of rapes and sexual assaults
Yeah read more Bill has done more than just Monica
Nah he was still being a dick
That is a really lame joke, really boomer humor
Still it's a huge difference than bullfighting
*Weave
Or it's a giant building to hide millions of bodies
Weaves ruin the ability for them to decide later and lead to alopecia in areas where the tracks attach. Natural black hair is beautiful and weaves and wigs usually look ridiculous like on any other person
Meh I get that in a corporate setting because they want someone presentable it's the same as you not wanting someone with a mohawk or green hair.
Needed that, it's been a rough 2020
The brain trust that is the city of Atlanta in the 70s tore theirs down in the 70s for some moronic reason
Weird most states let the kids decide at like 14 or 15
