Watch CNN and you'll see. They cover it since a while.
It sure looks delicious, but it sure is not a lasagna!
I'm a motherfucking genius. I AM NOT A GAYFISH!
Well, he did say "just like USA".
Amazing summary. Thank you!
There is no vodka in lasagna. There is no spanach in lasagna. It's a dish inspired by lasagna. Not a lasagna.
I bet he asked for ungodly amount as well!
I'd get used to this life...
This is not "rich" anymore. It's "wealthy".
Teaching in a loving maner his kids how to tame and ride a grizzly bear?
I guess you even held hands afterward? You disgust me.
It's about how to survive. Not how to become a god to your people!
Éteints les tiennes. C'est ridicules les demendes de certains. Si on se permet de les laisser allumer 24h a l'année, ca regarde que nous.
Et toujours qu'une ampoule dans le frigo :))
I live in Europe. I don't know anyone who do not immediately change when they enter the house. I do not wear my outside clothes inside.
Same level as you and still can't figurebout how to reach 400 of them beside playing non stop for 10 years..
Mais "demender" et "revendiquer" des droits (mérités ou pas) n'est pas ce que les francais savent faire de mieux au lieu de creer leurs propre changement? OP je crois que tu parles à un mur...
On en est pas si loin aussi, au Québec...
I'm kinda tired of eternal Cretaceous...
It shouldn't. Video games aren't and will never be a sport.
To see if it's real. I was maybe 5.
Troll question. You're probably atheist.
You would be surprised at the number of dumb people that would answer "yes" to this question.
It really shouldn't have been a thing.
On stage.
It changed already in a massive way the way society interacts on a socio- personal level. Most people can't hold a serious conversations nowadays for the simple fact that it is a skill that can be trained and no one ever use it as it used to be used. The way we see things changes and the way we think people see us changed as well. All in all it has it's advantages but it brings more harm than good on a social level.
Stay off their phone / laptop and internet
All the while I still trughle to hold the pen between my 2 fingers and my short arms...
Yes. And all the witches are known. And they'll all fall one by one.
Nah man, he took creatine once.
I call this processed salad.
Never start thinking about Sci Fi physic. You'd become a star wars fan, the kind that tries to ruin star wars for everyone else.
Give the player the possibility to crash into cities, and I guaranty you the day after same players will ask for destructible environement... Just be happy with no fly zone.
Lol.
TBH it's only warhammer fanbois that claim that.
Nightwish in montreal back in 2004 or 2005
Bronze age. Early bronze age. Not enough games about early antiquity.
Dunno. Some pissed off pussies.
I sure hope so as i didn't buy anything just to save them! &amp;#x200B;
I hope it will be about a Necron Overlord bringing his dynasty to power. EDIT : I know it won't be. But Warhammer 40k, despite all the lore and races, is so focused on space marines that it should be renamed Space Marines 40k.
If we ever had a good movie in 40k universe, the fans would have to learn to shut up and make concessions.
Space marines as a whole already have too much love. Time for the Necrons to shine. There are so much to write. The war with the old ines, the contact with C'tans, the destruction of the C'tans, the exodus from their home planets and the colonisation of the galaxy, etc...
What are Jpoints? Where do I find them? My diamonds numbers are in the 3 digits. Need a recharge fast!
Because it's delicious.
A blowjob is a sure way to turn me on.
I want to bless people with the knowledge I was there so they can revell in their joy.
Waterworld
Oysters... Who the hell wanted to try a mega snot in a shell?
Sounds like 1930's Germany warning... APATISM. That's what will destroy america.
That sounds like heresy to me.
Today, you won this sub's comments. &amp;#x200B;
detest cind mi se interupe publicitatiile cu o bucata de film fiecare 45min...
No. We use a real measurement system, you filthy peasant.
Who didn't?
Nonsens. How could the pleb rise up against the might of the king. Let them wallow in their pig pens.
Ooooohhhh... And all that time I thought it was for Animality...
Am 32. Still do some really immature shit and immature thinking sometimes. We never stop growing.
Welcome to America, where vivid disembowelment is less censured than a boob.
I understand. Anyway, it's amazing work! Congrats!
RomaniA : SOMEONE SAID INTERNET CONNECTION???
It's to keep the chinese in so they don't populate the earth?
LegendOfTotalwar, Tactical Advance, Bored Gamer, BuzZzkiller and Montoya.
Dude. There's like a gazillion kind of "hot sauce" with varying taste and heat factor...
As to say, hot sauce isn't a condiment. It's a common name. It's like saying what is your favourite mineral, and answring "rocks".
No. Overweight and with a shit political system.
Pentru ca aici oameni nu fac protest pentru schimbare. Fac protest ca sa aiba ceva poze de pus pe instagram cu #resist... Aici exista dorinta de a schimba lucruri dar atita timp ca nu tre sa lucram cu adevar pentru aceste schimbari. Aici se fac protest, apoi se plang ca politia le a gazat. Si cind se fac protest nimeni nu acvepta consecvintele. Se pling. Atit.
Ice in milk is just weird. Mixing milk in coffee, that's a sin. Fuckoutta here with your ungodly drink.
Tnt mieux. Les gens DEVRAIENT être prudents en sortant leur porte monaie. L'article semble dire que être financièrement responsable est une oppression du peuple. Non : ce n'est pas vrai que les gens devrait être capable de jetter l'argent à gauche et droite sans responsabilité et sans penser au conséquences.
I'd slap you with a gauntlet and challenge you to a duel, but you're probably thousands of km away. Instead I'll wait you in the morrow in Germany which I believe is center between both our nation and duel you there, counting on your gentlemanly spirit to show up and resolve this question once and for all.
Donc tu considère que si on a pas asser d'argent pour faire absolument tout ce que l'on veut sans même y penser, ça veut dire qu'on est oppressé?
Non, il y a une grosse difference d'économie entre l époque babyboomer et millenials. Mais, une chose qu'on oublie vite, les babyboomers ttavaillait souvent des semaines de 60 a 70 heures. Aujourd'hui on travail 35 heures et on se plaint qu'on a pas les mêmes salaires. Mon frère a travailler ume semaine de 90 heures (il est sur appel). Ben son salaire au bout du compte a montré ça. Oui, l'immobilier est hors de prix, la nourriture est plus chère. C'est vrai. Mais les gens ont de plus en plus l'attente d'être payer un même salaire en travaillant de moins en moins d'heures. Et c'est la que je dis stop, personnellement. Tu veux un gros salaire? Travaille 50 heures.
Non. Signé, quelqu'un qui est responsable financièrement et qui hésite pas a travailler plus d'heures pour faire plus. Bien sur, ca n'empeche pas que c'est vrai qu'il existe des probleme dns la societe. Faut juste arreter d'etre hypocrite. Quelqu'un de notre generation qui travaille 35 heures, ben c'est normal qu'il fasse pas autant d'argent qu'un babyboomer qui en travaillait 60 a notre age.
Waky waky time! Wake them all up! Time to innundate the galaxy once more with our neverending legions.
but it has regressed so far that it's just a small plate underneath its skin.
It's true. However Americans raped many french girls they "liberated". Let's not be hypocrites : there were rape and inhuman crimes from soldiers on both sides. (I'm not, of course, putting in the equation the genocide conducted by the Nazi)
IMO what is happening in America right now (people fighting aginst free education and healthcare) is worst than communism.
"doesn't see the good they do" Lmao!!!!
You do realize that US isn't the peace keeper of EU. It's mostly EU being the responsible parent to an angsty teenager US :)))
You watched Merican politics at it's finest. Forgive them : it's all they can do in term of politic. They'll grow up, eventually.
The best example of E. Propaganda is the movie "American Sniper". It's so much about Americn Mary Sue I was sick of the movie after 30 min.
Nope. Only a backward hillbilly might think otherwise. We're not in 1860. The south lost :))
BTW, In 1944 Germany had all but lost already. Not to minimize the contribution of US, especially food and material contribution, but they entered the war because of Pearl Harbour. Talk about wr? USA had 17 years of peace in all it's existance. Yeah, Europe had it's war. It's normal, especilly for Empires that fought to retain what little they had left fter the 17th - 18th century, but it's what all nation do. USA didn t change a thing
My cellphone never is on silence. Only when I work.
That's like saying : he's American, so most likely he's a meth addict.
Never owned an Iphone. Never will.
Awesome. Thanks
Ok. Thank you for the tips
It is huge fire power right now. But I'm only private 1 league. I tear in seconds through ennemies. I am fully aware that soon it'll be obsolete but for now I enjoy reaching wrampage and godlike every other game
Cool. Bulwark will be a goal then. Is the raijin (or invader? The big four legged robot that can take heavys at lvl 18 or 19) viable with avengers?
Then, would Raijin with Avenger be a good idea?
Awesome! i'm leveling them now. lvl 4 all avengers and punishers. slowly getting there...
Yeah, by then I'll probably change... But who knows, it could happen that I'll have enough skills to survive with a Tasha too!
It is what I was implying too
Honestly I could use some higher tier robots. How do you get puzzle pieces to get high tier robots?
Here is the link to the hilt http://imgur.com/gallery/XoDXupX
Custom lightsaber. I'm ready to become one with the force!
Aah! Highschool!
Well, I can already get the brilliant armor (the best from the blacksmith in the big city) or the best hammer (the one that costs 36k). I was wondering between those 2...
And here I am, being consider a fuckin extremist for wishing life imprisonement for rapists...
I'm all for chemical castration.
It's really a better idea to force the woman that has been raped to see her rapist again and again. Man you're on something!
So justice forces women who've been raped to keep saying her rapist, again amd again. That's some fucked up justice. Let me tell you about some people who don't deserve forgiveness : rapists
The only way to answer is : No, you.
FUCK YEAH!!!! Global Warming 1 - Iceberg 0 !!!!
There can also be life, much more advnced and intelligent somewhere else. Just because we didn't found it yet doesn't mean it doesn't exists. There are billions of billion stars and most have a planetary system. In fact the chance of us being the only advanced life form in the universe is si small it's the closest thing to impossible.
I know. I think so often bout that. Once a day because I find.that utterly beautyful and impossible to wrap my head around the imensity of wht surrounds us...
Any republican would have said this dead serious. That's their level of stupidity right there.
So...only minimum wage workers are hard working? Interesting to know...
Looks horrible. This looks like plant vs zombies. Nothing like what DB game should look like.
Why and how is he still alive?
Exactly in Alabamistan, rape survivors will be forced to carry the baby if ever there's a pregnancy. Honestly, anyone supporting such laws aren't human.
I travel a lot for a loving. I lobe BEING at new places. But fuck transit. Even a 2 hours flight is a chore for me. So when I have 8 or 13 hrs flights, I just wish I could pass out for the whole flight. Also If you want me to give my window seat to your kid, you better hope he can wait the 8 hours before bothering me to go to the WC.
IT'S REAL TO ME. /s
I gave up when the system where you need all dupes came. It literlly killed the game to me. That was... shortly after the very first Gogeta. Man I felt like I was toughed by the kays when I got it in dupe after 150 stones while everyone was rerolling for him! But everything got too complicated after with TUR and then the abilities to unlock or hows it called... so I just uninstalled.
Awefull taste but gruesome execution.
To be fair, the US is a very young nation.
GoT? High Standard? Lol.
Well he's on a fuckton of molotov cocktails soooo yeah, It's possible.
Someone called me?
I. DON'T. FUCKING. CHIRP. I have a mighty roar.
Lol. He'll be elected again. I'd bet on it. I hate him with a passion, but mark my word. He'll be president in 2020...
EXACTLY. As sad as it is if dems want a chance at the election they need their own nutjob at the helm. Someone so polarizing that every dem would go behind him. It's already a 2 party system, let's drive it to its limit. As long as dems can't sustain a candidate DESPITE some differances in their views, then we'll continue to float in luke warm water, doing nothing, changing nothing.
I mean, if Obm ws discovered to have been ONCE on a porn site I bet he'd have veen impeached by reps... That's how hypocryte they are.
Honestly? I really like it, even the wonky execution, it kindda make it's own style.
So. My ha.gar has a Natasha with 2 avengers and 2 punisher, a Natasha with the original weapons she comes with and a griffin with gl patton with punishers. As I already have 2 avengers to equip the bulwark in the future would it be a waste to buy a third venger? What weapon should I buy with 2500 gold?
O K :))
In that order? Got 2 Avengers already to equip a Bulwark that I'm curently farming in the workshop.
Well right now I have a Fujin and Natasha that need equiping. I like brawling and will probably build an Invader or smthing after my bulwark finished...
Time for Americans to do the same in USA and get Trump out.
All I can read is cheez-tits.
There was a special of 3 orkans for 2500 gold. Took that! Now to level them... just bought a fujin to replace my Patton. I'm not used to play fujin /3 orkans, but I ll learn. First time using spider bot. First time using missiles...
Yeah, I'm still bronze league so it's viable. I'll use him and level my 3 orkans with him then ues orkans in a better bot...
I don't know why, but I'm not one bit impressed...
You do realise that USA take that "role" in situations they more often than not provoke themselves in order to secure some interest, be it oil, fruits, cheap import, etc. It's terrorism, not "police".
Let's see if Iran flew spy drone if US wouldn't shoot it down. Yeah! That's what I thought. US can just shut up and respect air space. If they get cought spying, it ain't cause for war. The country had all the right to shoot anything it doesn't want in it's air space.
Username checks out!
When you get off the ship. The viw of seida neen, the souns of ambiance and the music. Then, the road to Ebonheart, the mushroom three. No RPG will.ever come close to give me this sens of wonder.
Canada seems the obvious choice.
To pluck your eyes out.
Cheese (real, good french cheese, preferably a strong-ishone like an old Comté or Colombier) with cherry jam on it.
RAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAWR RAWR RAAAWR, growl, RAAAAAAWR.
ISIS is all but gone and America CANNOT function without a fear factor to keep the populace on edge and ready to vote for republican. When there's no threat, they create some.
It's amazing
I have a ring with a tetradrachm on it. It's a 2500 years old silver piece from Moesia, which ws a greek colony in modern Romania
I'm glad we're not there anymore and today we can do that for.nothing more than fun!
Waterworld. It's a masterpiece.
Marmite. It's Satan's smegma.
History, opera, myself, military tactics in the antiquity and medieval period.
At Hooters
If I go to a restaurent, I'll be there at least for an hoir and a half. Packed or not. If the staff tries to rush me, I'll usually stay longer.
Usually I'll sit at an end and put my backpack beside me to some distance so as to have my (admitedly very large) personal space. I am a very social person, when I choose to be. Eating is not a time to be social for me. If I want to eat like a hippie I'll go at the burning man.
By putting my dick in a vigina.
Nothing if you take the time to read the labels.
Age of empire and age of empire 2
... those are new game. If it's after 2005, it's new.
I eat between 4 - 5 a day and I've never been as in shape as I'm now. Granted, I also grind 2 hrs a day at the gym.
Shush. A feminist might hear you. We're already in the defensive right now. Want to give up oir position?
Or that republicans are decent people.
Exactly. Those are exception. They should fit in line with the majority.
They're as serious as a furry.
Agree. Free health care, education and social services are horrendous. How dare they taxe rich people who put so much efforts to fraud their way out of paying taxes? Poverty is a choice, and if you're not in the 1%, you clearly chose of your own volition to be poor.
I had to read way too long before understanding!
Climate change is a hoax. There were 4 seasons last year. 4 seasins this year. /s
Well. Rump already admitted to that. He also admitted he'd collude again in the 2020 election if he has the opportunity. So yeah, this is a fact.
Lol. I'm pretty sure you joke, but for real, I can't believe people would deny this, or the Armenian genocide, or the Ntive American genocide...
Waretiger
You seem to mistake communism for socialism. Communism is a form of socialism, socialism isn't communism. You can have free markets and growing economy in socialism
The dogs of other redditors. I've stolen 3 already!
A bard with 10 in charm and charisma, 8 in vitality and strenght, 3 in magic and 5 in stamina, 5 intelligence.
Yeah, but that's like us up north. Yellowstone mega-volcano that is active and could be errupting anytime between right now and in 100 000 years. It would probably bring another ice age so... take that, global warming!
Prohibition already proved that wrong.
Show my huge dong.
Everything is awesoooooome
What I ment is that those things cannot be predicted. Imminent even in California only means it may or may not happen. It's all down to luck so no need to think about it. There's nothing we could do anyway to prevent that.
I for one think the drinking age should be 16 years old. Then again I'm half french and we drink wine before we're 10. So I'd surely not support a law that restrictionate the use of alchool
Darth Vader Joker Alien
Open a beer take a sip and watch my world end
My bullies from school. I habe a great life, great wife, dream career, yet (and after years of doing powerbuilding, and way way less patience than when I was a kid) I still wish to wrek their faces had I the chance for the years of abuse of high school.
That Opera singers are fat. I'm an opera singer. I'm also a gym addict. The sopranoes are babes. The ones who fit the stereotype are rare exeptions now. We pass audition as much on our physique than our voice.
Stepping on a fresh shit barefoot.
... Dunno?
Sometime I have no cow or sheep or pig at hand to kill... We do, however, kill our own meat as often as we can. Not always tho.
Asserting dominance.
Holy shit : duct tape the tectonic plates. Problem solved!
You... Monster. I'd look for you, and cast on you a spell of -99 speed and blindness just out of spite for killing that sweet scrub.
Fenêtres fermées, air climatisé a fond et pleins de films et jeux videos. Fenêtre et volets (ou rideau) tant qu'il y a de la lumière dehors fermés. Devenir Golum.
Awesome spider-man-bots FTFY
Se si vede persoana care a fost lasat sa iasa afara in ziua acea. Vedeti? Libertate si zero datorii!!! /s Fara glume. Persoane cate port ochelarii roz a aceia perioada merita sa traiasca in anul 1987 ca un muncitor de rand (deci fara avantaje de conexiune la partid) pentru totdeauna
Is your handle 50cm long?
That's actually very interesting. Thanks for the update!
J'ai aussi dit Air climatise a fond. On s'en fou un peu de la chaleur de l'ordinateur!
Nice! so they clear cut forests!
Huh. No.
Bought 17k euros worth of wine. Twice in 2 weeks. So he bought 34k euro worth of wine in 2 weeks.
Vampire : Origins if you're into Diablo 2 style
If someone's a republican, he shouldn't be allowed to vote. Just like they try to do for minorities.
Saw this before the weapons. like : this guy can cruise and kill Vivec without breaking a sweat...
Glorious
Yeah, but meat taste better, so it's better to educate them young about the holy words of a barbecue.
Nuke both coasts of USA also... Because, you know, bombing innocent people is what US does best ;)
Very honestly, I'm ready to take that risk. and make all of their branches extinct, not only Anopheles. Spiders can feed on flies.
The rest can eat flies too. As I said, I'd be more than inclined to risk it!
Proof that the sky is gay.
Which is why the electoral college shouldn't exist anymore. It became a tool to silence the mjority of the voters and an effective weapon gainst minority votes.
I have a cigar between the lips...
Put all republicans in the same concentration camps they put migrant children. It won't resolve everything, but maybe 80% of the problems
Minecraft is a plague. The only ones deserving death row are it's devs.
The Elder Scroll III : Morrowind Where to start. The first sight of Seida Neen when you get off the boat is breath taking. The road to ebonheart, the ash storms, the overall ambiance, the fact that it doesn't hold your hand for any quest, that you actually have to look everywhere to find the dungeon that you lso have to explore every bit in order to find that one object that can be hidden in something as simple as a crate. It has the best music ever written for a video game. The feeling is enchantment and the feeling of being in a world truely alien. I still play to this day with the same giddyness i did back in the day it was new...
I want to eat the imaginary food from the movie Peter Pan (the one with Robin Williams)
Well, I think this dates all way back to neandertals...
Both. Majority as : big cities. Minorities as in, well, racial minorities
Actually, I never plyed fortnite. I play Morrowind, KoH, Day of infamy, AoE2, Oldies but goldies.
My mace would like a word with your unwashed nord head.
You have talent, you N'Wa
Thank you very much!
And US would lose it, like it did in Iraq...
OBL successfully ended the American dream.
The Blue Whale ejaculates 400 gallons of sperm, of which only 10% reach into his mate, the rest just floats in the ocean. Add that to the number of blue whales in the world, and think about why the sea is so salty when you're at the beach!
USA will loose it. Like it lost every conflicts since ww2...
PM'd
Better this than fighting a war no one asked for, started by one of the most hated man on earth! I say : well deserved.
Well, his cult already congratulate him for not respecting "Obama's stupid rules of engagement USA USA"
Currently? It started with the illegal invasion and subsequent genocide of the New World and it's native populations.
To be really honest, those comments by this shitman makes the US military no better than ISIS.
I'm gonna use mine as a freaking Space Galleon slugging it out against large ships and capturing space whales. Never tell me the odds!
What can I say except : You're Welcome!
Thanks!
if movie count, that wouldbe Tom hanks. If only serie... The Witcher...
You know it'd never happen if a sane democrat dissolved the electoral college? Never again would there be a republican president.
I've been raised in a farm. I've lived 20 years on a ranch. So I know how it is. Still, it's assholes from the countryside that helped elect trump. That means that Yes, people in the cities SHOULD make laws and decide who's president. Clearly rural america doesn't know what it's doing. Nor does it thinks clearly.
Yaaaaarrr matey!
Gotta confuse the ship, right babe?
It was mine until last week. I miss it dearly! The BMM will be my daily driver when it'll come out. As of now, it became the Defender. Quiet a hard transition from a 70m ship to a small fighter!
I fly only Banu. This ship's so organic it sweats! Some dove deodorant and cleaning's done!
I ate a vegan too. that doesn't mean I'd vote for trump even if it left US without a president!
It tasted squishy and without any substance to it.
I said I ate a vegan. not a turd.
True, but they didn't. I am no historian, merely passionate, but I've read many books, letters, first hand accounts, etc. Running was very rare. Charges and baillonette fighting and other few instances. Even in retreat the troops would keep a steady pace and stay as organised as possible. The opposite camp would pursue as well, on a walking pace. Everything was done at the speed which could move the artillery, which was very slow.
The Imperial War Museum book : 1914, the Men Who Went to War, by Malcolm Brown, is an amazing read. The Author tells the story of the first Years of the Great War (1914 - 1916) through the first hand accounts (letters to friends/lovers, reports to superiors, on-site memoirs, last words, period maps and written strategies by officers, etc) of many soldiers and officers who fought in the war but didn't make it back. It gives an very insightful and personal view of what really went on, written by those who were there on both sides, with precise numbers on troops, strategies, and personal feelings. I devoured the book, really, and cannot recommend it enough.
The Reclaimer would like a word?
Any sauce for this?
so, "A" like in "Roger"
I'm 5'11 @ 180lbs. You gotta bulk more or you'll be skeletal if you cut right now.
A dire vrai, j'ai clique seulement a cause du nom!
I'm EPIC
Burger King could also tell them to shut their fucking pie hole.
Super necessary. Much edgy. You must be brave and stunning.
Damn. But you're the proof that one should not generilize!
Yep... I mean, she also probably believes in the geology of a 6000 years old earth...
Asking the real question!
So accurately, humans form 10% of chimps. Together Strong!
shhhhhhhhh... Haven't you noticed our southern neighbor? That the kind of post that makes them itch for "great new deals". So shut it, eh!
MINE!
Biggerer.
we need to redistribute wealth. Billionaires are the proof the system is heavily flawed. billionaires shouldn't exist in a sane system.
Banu Defender would like a word.
&gt;brick and mortar stores Maybe try an electronic store when you look for computer parts?
I have exactly this on my Laptop, even a worst videocard ( I have base 1050 gtx,not Ti) but 16gb ram and it runs fine on high settings. Don't expect 60fps... rather 30.
With amount of UEC I lost because of 30k, I could have bought a computer that runs SCsmoothly irl...
Fasterer!
The rest are only Canadian by name.
The greatest Canadian initiative and contribution to the world.
Correct, and exequo with poutine.
I thought about it right after pressing "enter". A shame as I'm, Quebecois myself.
In my opinion, same goes for the Banu Defender. It looked so organic, almost living, and in it's damage state, it actually bleeds green!
Every games about WW2 and their cats have D-Day. I prefer PS to explore other operations.
They'll say that people are brained washed by the left, that's why they don't use the US system. I guarantee it.
That was my point!
Religious left? It's the right who are relogious nut-jobs. Haven t you see the Trump Cult? Holy shit it's scary. Praying on him like people expect a second rising out of him or something.
Les milliardaires sint la preuve vivante des lacunes du. system économique présent. PAR EXEMPLE il y a un dangereux courent en France d'un socialisme allant rapidement vers le communisme, et je ne sais pas si c'est mieux. Disont les choses commes elles le sont : tout le monde ne mérite pas d'être payé également. Il y a des postes méritant d'avantage que d'autres, etc.
How else would you assert dominance in your ship?
Only? You have a serious problem there if only 51% want him out. The biggest problem with far right conservative is that they get to vote too... how about turning a bit of that vote suppression they use so often, against them?
Also, how about disolving an institution that's been obsolete for over 100 years : the congress. They do not represent anything else than their own pockets...
Well that's awkward...
Grave of the Firefly. Nuf' said.
it's ^(it's) **it's**
I'd be playing horrible as well if I was starving...
Basically it says : most details have been blacked out because it would directly accuse Trump and we can't have that happen" &amp;#x200B; How does no one react on this? How does no one in the trial says : well then that makes you even MORE guilty than if we'd read it in it's entirety...?
I wish we had real working ships...
In the grim future of the 41st millennium, there is only WAR.
"Scotland"? You mean Northen England?
Gah... longest I had was 13 hours in one day. I should have done the same as you and do in in two days... Your tattoo looks amazing!
My wife said almost literally the same thing to me...
If you want lore, point him toward Morrowind, not Skyrim.
It's because with your mcbook and drone lying around thebway they do, it seems really staged for a picture...
Today, one of the CTD I was able to recover from where I was. The second crash only brought me to the main menu, from which i couldn't.
Yeah, found one of them, but as I've lost my money by CTD (bought weapon and amos, CTD mid fight, lost weapon, 400 uec left) I didn't have enough afterward to buy a chest armor, I couldn't stow it anywhere... 3.8.1 seems to hate me.
My only one is Raditz. My favourite Saiyan. I wantbto see him again!
And they were right.
Only if paired with the crystal that has the right vibration.
I'm a backer since 2014, I've a Banu Merchantman and still have Credits to spare. Recently i lost all my in game money, ship destroyed, etc etc, I was OBLIGED to take out my starter package Aurora for the first time since I pledged (I bought a Retaliator day one when I pledged) and I had a blast. the feel to be out there in the empty space in a walnut was thrilling. As of now, I mostly fly my aurora. I can guarantee that most new backer will have awesome experience in their starter ship because they feel so... real? I'm at a loss of word, but the message is that the Aurora quickly became my favourite small ship (until when I'll have my BMM, hehe)
The only paywall there will be is ships that are going to be very very expensive due to rarity and alien (Banu, etc), who, beside money will need considerable reputation with the races in question, and capital ships. but they are more "grind wall" not "paywall", as when the game releases CIG said they'll stop completely to sell ship for real money and everything will be purchasable in-game.
Well, This playthrough just got a LOT harder than I thought.
Thanks a lot it's very informative! Bought some store points because I really want a gnome. Now to look for a usefull Full-Bard build!
Thanks a lot!!!
Thank You!
Hahaha, I downloaded it, now am lost in character creation looking for good build to make an annoying bard singing along!!
Thanks!
Thanks. I went for 9 STR / 17 CHA. About the skills, i maxed Balance, concentration, spellcraft, UMD, tumble and perform. that leaves me no points after. Should I reserve some points for spot, search, heal or intimidate?
It's ok, I'll grind...
I looked a lot at it. it's interesting however he has many more skills point than me. I could max : balance, UMD, tumble, concentration, Perform and spellcraft, and that leaves me with no skill points at all...
Thanks, right now I've maxed Balance, perform, Concentration, UMD, spellcraft, tumble. that leaves me no point to put anywhere else. should I put less points in tumble and some in jump or heal, or search?
That's a sound advice. thanks
to be honest I don't understand those numbers. I have, for example, balance : total mod. 6, ability mod +3... I don't understand where the 23 comes from...
Ok I understand. But isn't Concentration important from the start? what if I'd put 1 in heal and search, that't leave 4 for concentration? or it's usefull only later?
Thank you so much
My final character looks like this : STR : 10 DEX : 15 CON : 14 INT : 10 WIS : 8 CHA : 16 Balance 3, Perform 4, Jump 4, Concentration 4, UMD 4, Tumble 1, heal 1, Search 1 Feat : SWF Spell lvl 1 : Cure light wounds How does that look for a solo capable bard? I also want to use songs a lot down the road but there's time to adjust
Thank You for the answer. actually I do not have the Harper unlocked nor am I VIP. I just really wanted to play a Gnome so bought the points for it :) Is there a way to unlock the Harper tree with grinding? And what are the Gnome enhancement that I should take down the road? Is Dragonmark of Scribing usefull?
That aged like milk... like every single one of his other tweets.
it`s literally on that his whole presidency is based. and why his gigantic moron voters chose him.
... And one solo manned Retaliator shows up and wreck their day... Jokes aside, this is a gorgeous picture!
how about people who own only one ship?
Did the same, I was waiting for him and killed him before his QT drive cooled down. Someone did this to me as well, but got the nasty surprise of my Retaliator appearing in front of him. Didn't go down as he planned. Felt good in both cases!
Some of us work hard to get a crimestat of 5 and kill every bounty hunters around. For what? Today I had to redo my character and woke up at Loreville, crimestat free. so much time lost, so many kills for nothing...
Hey hey hey, don't underpower my Retaliator. It's the only ship I own, and I own it exactly to do those kind of things!
He's gonna be re-elected anyway, so it'll only get worse for another 4 years. Dems are too used to say " no way he'll win "... So they don't even show to vote. Honestly, the USA got exactly what they wanted and deserved.
Yep, and honestly, she should have won by 10 if progressives and "we're sure to win" got off their asses. And Trump wouldn't be in the WH.
Having what ones deserves isn't wishing this on them. If not enough go to vote, it's their own fault.
Ok, wobbling would have been a better choice of word.
I do have an old CCU to the BMM. but I keep it until the Merchantman becomes flyable. After which my fleet will be : BMM and Yellowjacket!
Do you remember when America was the land of the free? Pepperidge farm wasn't even born yet...
That's all you need. It's an amazing lil ship, and upgraded can be deadly! And it looks so good too!
Well, the protests in America are about to get way worse before getting better... there's that.
To me the point of the game is having fun in my favorite ship. That's the one I got. I need no more ship than that. If someday another ship get my fancy, I'll grab a ccu.
What is happening now is a reminicent of what happened in 1776. Don't you think that when the power in place do not listen to the People, then the People should take the power themselves? In this case, don't you think the people in the streets are in the right, even though their method aren't? (To be fair, peacefull method didn't work for them in the past).
NOPE. The BMM should be it. 7 years waiting already.
The Banu Merchantman. It's not officially a Capital, but to me it is.
And the BMM can carry stuff. Yes we want another 890J and Reclaimer. 7 years is enough wait, believe me most owners will be more than happy just to fly it, make cargo runs and shoot stuff with these 4 size 6 guns.
for the Polaris Gameplay, there's already the Retaliator. so Polaris can wait another couple of years...
I know, I know...I try to stay patient.
Ah, authority and good ol' american right to protest being respected right there! Keep on being classy!
That's the Drake spirit!
The show of strenght would have been not to hide in a bunker, don't you think?
But that's not the point of a meaningful protest, isn't it? You assemble where you're sure to be seen, and heard. And if you're not heard, you shout, if not heard? You punch. If still not heard, you riot... the ladder isn't over yet... How much more can a people take? Gazin people because you (even as president) want to pass is irrefutably denying their consttutional right.
Seems like a Crusader design. I'll pass.
Because that's voter fraud. And if it is for the common man, it is supposed ti be even more for the president. Or should everyone be allowed to put any address they liked on their form because "they once lived there"?
I still prefer the clash armor, or the bull skull helmet. If I wanted uber realism, I'd play something else...
Love it!!! It's gorgeous. I also have a ship Tattoo!
I get what you want. I want the same, but am patiently waiting for my Banu Merchantman to be it. I hope you'll enjoy your Serinity! It's a big ship, handles like a building, but it's gorgeous. All comments, positive and negative about it are legitimate, but are personal opinions. RN, against all opinion, i'm using my Retaliator as a home in space, and I love it!
&gt; the silver lady stole my heart the first time I rode in her She's a beautiful one too!
Racism should go extinct. So should racists.
Help humanity go extinct.
So, I wonder what would happen to black people if they'd exercise their 2nd amendment right and open carry AR-15 during protests, like those buffoons did for haircuts...
Freedom of speech SHOULD have limits. as should Freedom in itself be restraint to a point where a person can do whatever one wants UNTIL the point where it becomes detrimental to other individual in said society.
I can tell this is fake. New Babbage train worked from the first try and you didn't have to change server thrice.
It's not a problem. It's for people with disabilities. The idea is very good.
Stay classy, you orange shitstain, stay classy.
I was in Rouen during the yellow vests riots. They were worse.
Play on my laptop... on my couch.
The Soviets won WWII. It would be time Americans know this. On D-Day, American were fighting leftovers that were returning, or couldn't be sent to the eastern front. let's get this straight : America, on a social standpoint, is at least 50 years behind most other civilized countries. You had a golden age in the 50's, and wanted to stay there, and have been left there by the rest of the world. Eat dust now.
I'm pretty sure she took creatine at least once...
Ouf, you ok mate? hit your head pretty hard! If Europe and China decided to boycott USA, you'd just wither down and disappear. China, France, Russia, all have Nuclear. That alone cancell everything else you have because of the balance it creates of : you destroy me, I destroy you. There is no hegemony of any country, and all you have heard all your life about american exceptionalism is only propaganda on a CCCP level. For real, for a country that is so affraid of communism, America has the most communist system of misinformation and education around. Worshipping the Flag? Forcing kids to stand and salute in class for the anthem? Those are all horror stories of communist era Russia and Romania... or America today.
Honestly one of the most beautiful, and "realistic" hilt I've seen.
D-Day would have happened. It also would have been lost.
Because the fachist government of France always has been an arch enemy to the Allied Countries... /s for obvious purpose...
I love the interior at least as much as the exterior. It really feels like an old submarine.
I solo it, I'm into RP a lot, to the extent where when the engineer station was working, I'd run to it to re-route power to shields, engine, whatever. The ship, to me, is perfect. I only wish for rotary launcher for more torpedoes, this way I can still have 5 - 6 torp in the front module when I'll take off the rear one to put the cargo pod! Because of the interior, although it's Aegis, it's so rough and tumble that if it was Drake I wouldn't question it. I m kind of infatuated with the Tali. Since 2015 and going strong!
Not when we'll have real damage. Hit points win t be a thing and with a good engineer you ll be able to extend fights much more than now.
The Retaliator is the only ship I own (I do have a CCU to the Banu Merchantman if I like it when it comes out), my very favorite in game so it's hard to be objective for me. I would wholeheartedly tell you to upgrade it. However, keep in mind : although you have 6 capital destroying, megaton of ass kickin torpedoes under your thumb, that's all you got. You would be very lucky to lock one on an agile fighter. Bring friends, or be a freak like me and run from turret to turret when fighting NPC! Also : no table, no bench, no kitchenette. 6 coffins we call "beds" on second deck. So until the modules (praised be their name) are a thing, it's hard to get the feeling of a home in space (I do feel it, but as said before... I'm a freak). Also : no cargo whatsoever without the module, which isn't a thing still. BUT, if you can get pass that , the Retaliator is a ship that FEELS like a ship. Cramped corridor lile a submarine, it's amazing, it's gorgeous. It has a captain cabin (how many ship have that at 70m??? AND a bathroom that fits your whole crew! It single handedly kills Hammerheads and Reclaimers from 10km, and it does it while being sexy as hell. Love this 400 years old lady (in lore) and she'll love you back 10 fold.
He said : Invading France. not "invading Vichy"
The protests are right. The methods are wrong. I don't pretend to know the solution, however with what's happening, no one are gonna understand each other. Racists only double down on their hatred, police find more and more petty excuses. It's not a matter of beating the other side, but of converting the other side.
And looting, breaking, stealing, destroying property... Want it or not, it's all part of the protests, and on the part of the "peaceful" protester.
A Trump supporter told me recently : "there are no sovereign nation on earth, only the USA There are no other nations; just vassal states who depend on our benevolence and protection." I was so blown away by the level of ignorance...
What ship do you pilot?
Iran would be much better without US, NK is a black hole and do not depend on anyone's benevolence. If by that you mean they're lucky you don't attack them, USA couldn't. At all. As soon as you'd start, Russia and China would get on that train and USA would be finished as a nation. The status quo of the world does not depend on USA, it depends on every single nuclear nation on an equal level.
Aren't they the same?
So, I always wake up at the sun. ALWAYS. As I play a pirate/smuggler with a taste for rum, I always RP that I Blacked out on rum, felt cold and QT near the sun.
His other comments showed he was pretty serious. The likes of racism is liberty of expression, that America is the creator and keeper of freedom... You know, the kind of person that keeps it's brains in a vegetative state.
Churchill was a hero, and a model. The people disfiguring his statue are disgusting. they just lost all credibility to an otherwise good cause. same with looters in America. Disgusting.
He probably copied and pasted something...
Don t worry. The USA is angsty teenager that isn't out of puberty (or their civil war) yet. Give it time, they'll fall in line. Or they'll implode while trying.
That's a dangerous cocktail...
Where such sense of entitlement comes from baffles me. I really can't understand the sense of exceptionalism that stemmed out of a war won by common effort. For all the fear of communism that exists in america, the worship of the flag existing there is copy pasted from 80's Russia
... Of course it's a thing. I feel dumber for being surprised by it.
I'm 33 years old. The feeling doesn't stops.
Personally I never cared about school, and became an artist.
Fuck.
He literally said that his grandfather is on the protester's side.
basically, half the server ;)
Slammer battles!!! Damn I miss the 90's...
Tell me more!
Flyable BMM. Please let it be flyable BMM and all that Reconcept bullcrap was a smokescreen.
Laugh in Banu Merchantman
You mad? Canada is the bestest country in the world!
I've waited 7 years. Your threats hold no power on me :)
To be fair, he does believe that what happens now is Obama's fault too. What worse, his followers believe that too.
Came here to say this.
You say this as if this wasn't the case for cable news as well. listen to right wing and left wing news on a same event and you get two wildly different stories geared completely toward what their respective public WANT to hear.
Although i do not own it, I have a special love relation with the Herald. it's so unique, and I love unique. It's why my favorite ship design RN is the Banu Defender. The Herald is the human Banu Defender in it's uniqueness.
For real? I see Terrapin everywhere it seems... while when I fly with my Retaliator, every game session I get : what's this ship? On a side note, it's a good thing for every ship : it means there are more and more new players, and I like this.
Except I didn't. I pointed out it was on both news platform. I only mentionned both end of the spectrum to exemplify my point. I was merely pointing out that it is not only the online news that have misleading article, but cable news as well.
I recon that's about 5 torpedoes.
My only two ships are BMM and Yellojacket. I made them whole.
$400. However if this ship is around 300 - 400, i can only imagine the price hike of the BMM...
No, Rex, actually.
Also, using the contraction "S. S." in his tweets for Secret Services. Congrats, America brought the SS back to life!
Tim Burton's 1989 Batman. Bale portrayed in Nolan's trilogy an awesome batman, but the aesthetic of the 1989 movie IS batman, to me.
You're cute. About half of America IS like him, and worse.
No, you're not the only one. I personally backed for the MMO universe, and firmly believes the single player game SQ42 is a major waste of money, time, employee and resources. However I respect the fact that others may prefer SQ42 to the PU and it's ok. I only hope that none will suffer from the other and that both will be delivered in a timely manner.
Also, how to cope. Nowadays if you fall off the stairs or are a little.bit sad, there'll be 10 people recommending a therapist. Managing also mean how to cope, how to know when to toughen up, and when you really need exterior help. I believe society moves in a good direction but has a tendency to encourage people to be much too sensible.
Basically every monuments that were made before the 90's?
I started in a Retaliator Bomber. Loved it from the start.
No, you'll need it. For the socket.
I remember I got him on first try, felt like a BAWS!
Even if it didn't mention anything, we'd all know where it happened.
Most of 1.1 million can leave you with still thousands to pay. And that's too much. 1000? 100? Too much.
You mean non-existent health care.
5000$ for health care is 5000$ too much. Stop protecting a failed system.
Actually, it's much faster than I thought.
RÉVOOOOOLTE!
I heard that scraping from MicroTech.
So much this! Also, I want a captain planet blanket for my bed in the Retaliator.
... I just missed my landing in my Retaliator...
Only country to have people dumb enough to tattoo their flags (in some case, even a loosing confederation flag) on them... But on ST-Pat day, half of them is Irish, suddenly.
I prefer obnoxious and noisy.
Good. People looting and ravaging the cities are no better, no better in any way, than the Islamic State when they destroyed the temples in Palmyra. It's a pity. They made an otherwise good cause utterly invalid because they acted like terrorists.
DROP THAT COOKIE NAOW!
Arnold started using gear around 16 - 17. Even told hos doctor to give him everything he had, back in Austria.
Yep. I've been Kayaking 2 days on the St-Lawrence River (Quebec) at one of it's largest point, (you can't see the other side). The smallest wind gust really makes a world of difference.
Going in HS in the late 90's and early 2000, everything was gay. You're gay. This is gay. This movie's gay. He's so gay. To be fair I never considered it harmful (granted, I'm not gay). More like a punctuation word, like we have so many in Canadian French. We say the biggest blasphemy without meaning any harm. More like commas in a sentence.
Disclaimer : I'm a die hard fan, a long time backer. This game is all I ever wanted not only in Sci-Fi, but in any game : make your own life, on your own spaceship. However, what I feel is that when it comes to Beta (let alone full release), the game may just look dated, compared to the other games that will come out at the same time, that not only includes graphic, but also gameplay possibilities. If they were to change the engine, it'll be equivalent to redoing the game from the ground up. So this is a conundrum : Take all the time needed to release an extraordinary product, or risk being out-of-date even before entering Beta because the gaming industry is ever evolving?
Let's be real here. I wouldn't have pledge if they didn't have exactly a ship I really liked. I bought a ship I like that I can fly in a game. The funding part is a happy bonus!
Sorry to hear that. However your intentions were awesome!
That's true. Honestly I expect everything that doesn't have wings to handle more than horrendously. Carrack will be pushed around by the wind and just have a generally bad time to get out of atmo. I also expect ships with wings like Vanguard and Retaliator to be glorious in atmosphere.
swamp ass doesn't turn you on?
Smile creepily and say "you say no but I know you mean yesssssss"
Sweet ride! I'd love to see the same work on a Retaliator.
To be fair, If I launch a S9 Torpedo, every structure within 1km should be wiped like they never existed...
I didn't fall for it, but I intentionally let a simmer of hope filter through.
Holy shit for real? Can't wait to see that
I'm all giddy that you consider my Retaliator a big boi!
The Retaliator will be the last. We don't even have lockers that open...
I can't wait for every ship beside the Retaliator to get it updated... Let's be real. The won't implement it on the Tali because "SQ42"...
Star Citizen is a good cause. Stop preaching what people should do. Do it tourself.
That should only be the case for Capital ships. Most of the rest, we're a bunch of civies in decommissioned ship. In my ship, I do the yelling AND the clicking.
That's some serious case of hemorrhoid...
That is concept. Don't hold your breath as to WHEN we'll actually get that.
Where else on earth would a country be measuring national pride... America becoming NK level of communism.
Resident of Monte Carlo are firbidden to go to the Monte Carlo Casino. It's reserved for the rich tourists to loose their money there, without corrupting the local resident.
A healthy population is not good for "good ol' hard workin' 'murican business owners". I you tell your kids to eat vegetables, Republican will literally say "dems want to put pizza place owners out of business." The first year when Democrats can, they must dissolve the congress.
Damn! Thanks for the info, I didn't know!
&gt;James Penny The alternative is that people needs to take out the sand out of their vagina and realize that everything happened in a very different socio-cultural context. Let's burn the Amazon because Natives there used to fuckin' eat people.
It IS evil. It isn't happening today. Well, not here. (lookin at you middle east).
Damn. How can they post about social justice issue without their slave built Iphones!
Yes, I believe any looting, REGARDLESS of the cause, is perpretated by subhumans. And yes, wethers they're from Russia, Israel, or the BLM movement, those perpetrating looting and destruction of property are at the same level than any terrorist organization. If the only way you find to be heard is by destroying the lives of others that never did anything to you, you're a terrible person, regardless of the rightousness of the cause.
"I'm just playing. I wash em" Your dicks?
Fookin scots, THEY RRUINED SCOTLAND
2 prowlers and 3 defenders. More Alien ships than Retaliators.
Anti-maskers... Just that the term even exists is mind boggling.
Bu.. But they said 1 million people would be attending and it was the biggest rally in the history of rallies... Is it possible they were mistaken?
Mini Bowsers throwing hammers...
No, U.
Those 160 protesters were surely scary as hell :))
All 160 protesters... Dangerous crowd ;))
Don'tplay dumb. Anti-masker is clearly for this current event. Anti maskers are people dumb enough to turn a medical emergency into a political matter.
I always was advocating for the left to play as dirty as they can to win the elections. If what you say is true, then I'm happy. Play to win, just like the right. Every elections the right makes absolutely all in their power to forbid the black and minorities to vote (of course, because they're democrats!), https://www.motherjones.com/politics/2020/06/kentucky-slashes-polling-places-voting-rights-mcgrath-booker-lebron-james/ The left would never stoop so low, of course, but if they can at least temper the rallies the right love so much, it's a good start. next time, I hope they reverve every single tickets.
Terrific! The Bestest!
Every tattoo hurt.
In the coolest way.
BOOOOOOOOOOO
DO NOT DARE TOUCH MY SUBMARINE. The interior is amazing. Buy a connie or a 600i if you want empty space. The submarine corridors makes this ship awesome. It's a thing of beauty.
TIL I'm a sociopath.
Trickle down economic. It. Doesn't. Work.
if she sounds like sasha grey in a gangbang, it's probably fake...
NEVAH.
With your comment, we can see you're part of the problem.
No, not "minorities are mean to me". That there's a shift toward "only minorities matter now". How about we adopt "All lives matter, no one's above"? Change your shitty system.
And that's in Hours : Minutes!
"J'ai beau chercher je trouve pas où il est dit que les parcs aquatique sont réouvert" journal de Montreal "Anyway, pour ma part c'est ni l'un ni l'autre... pas envie de me faire prendre dans la 2ieme vague...." Ca c'est clair!
"You shouldn’t want to be the best in the kingdom or anything, but instead be an actual person." That is exactly what I want. I want to be usefull, of course, but mostly sing songs, write poems and have fun. I'm an artist IRL. I want to be the same in DnD.
There is no place for free market in healthcare and education. Both should be completly free and paid for in full by taxes and gov. subventions. Don't you thing the gov should cut military and defence budget by at least 20% and give to healthcare and education both 10%?
Don't you think that having an almost illiterate president is a problem?
But muh President said that if we slowed testing we'd have fewer cases...
I speak as a pirate who will absolutely PvP and prey on weaker traders and lone transports : there ABSOLUTELY need to be NO PvP zones. GrimHex, Pyro, etc, fine, PvP in town. But in safe systems cities and some large outposts absolutely need to be safe heaven for lawful players. With full loot, and PvP everywhere, Star Citizen will 100% become like Ultima Online where no one stands living. Griefers WILL wait outside EZ habs just to kill everyone, no matter if they pay 1 mil fines or go to prison for 24 hours. They'll be relentless. In the long run it will be harmfull for both lawfull and criminal (noy griefer) players alike as actions will have to be taken and changes to the game will be innevitable.
&gt; The biggest problem facing colleges and universities today is not the cost, it’s that most of the degrees they produce can’t possibly lead to jobs capable of paying back the loans people are taking out to get them. "The biggest problem facing colleges and universities today is not the cost, it’s that most of the degrees they produce can’t possibly lead to jobs capable of paying back the loans people are taking out to get them." Then don't you think the problems, beside the cost of education, which IMO should be free, even for PhD, is the salaries? Don't you believe one should be able to comfortably live (and I mean comfortably, not just "survive" from a single minimum salary?
Not in Europe! (Joke aside, some American were stupid enough to try pull the second amendment to bring guns in Europe... )
Oooooh shiat. +1 for Star Citizen. If you're into Sci-Fi, it's UO type of liberty, with safe cities to go and do your stuff. People will tell it's a money sink. It's not. You can do everything with a starter ship, and the grind in game to buy every ship you want is fast and fun. In fact it's not grind, it's downright gameplay time.
I mean by color the ancestry (chromatic and metallic)
because I want to **force others into listening to the music by driving a car with windows wide opened and the volume 100% on**
I dream of seeing a movie of a black, gay woman of succes, but in the movie it's portrayed as a white, middle-aged typical suburbian man
That is of no importance. As president he don't have the privilege, nor the right, to "not hear" what he himself posts. Furthermore, with his history of backing white supremacists, I'd bet a mighty sum that this was very intentional. Why is it ok for his presidency to be punctuated daily by the most execrable "honest mistake"?
USA became one of the shithole countries Trump was speaking about.
He's American. He doesn't know better. Or much at all for that matter...
That doesn't matter. All his voters know, and like that. If you ask them, they shrug it off as "an honest mistake. He didn't heard the video", or saying "I bet the left wouldn't say anything if he shouted black power".
Everybody knows that you cure flu with Feng Shui. Keep your 5G infections to yourself, BIRD KILLER! (/s, if it wasn't obvious)
Don't come to Canada in February then!
I thought the /s was obvious
It was an honest mistake. He didn't read those reports. Not his fault. (/s if it wasn't clear)
Only if it's your cup of tea. Personally, I wouldn't have got one even if it was the price of a Gladius. I really dislike Origin design language.
To be fair, through the years, the community (and community alone) when they like a hull, find as many reason as needed to modify said hull into the ship they'd like (blockade runner terrapin, Cargo Mole, Cargo Valkyrie, etc). With a snowball effect, rumors, etc, spiced with "it only makes sense" arguments, people in the community start to believe that what was created by our hive-mind was what CIG said years ago. which is not.
Using this argument, every ships in SC should be Jack-of-all-trades. a Terrapin shouldn't be used as a jack-of-all-trade only because you like the shape of it, just as an Abraham tank cannot be used as a ferry, or a troop transport. A Super-Tanker cannot be used as a Frigate. or a mini-van as a combat vehicle.
Banu. I love the Organic aesthetic. I own a single ship (Retaliator, my no.2 favorite), which I already have a BMM ccu to apply when it'll be flyable. I hope they push even further the organic language of the Defender in the BMM.
You pin pointed it perfectly. I dislike it even more now...
They say any day now... so I guess around the middle of July, for the first wave.
Member when they said the same for 3.9, and we waited another 3 weeks? Banu Souli remembers.
"When it's created" That's a bold assumption. Who told you we'll have every size of every ship of every races?
Retaliator. best against everything flyable now. PvE or PvP.
No. The worse is thet his voters, when asked about that have few answers : "Honest mistake, he didn't watch the video with the sound on. Not his fault." Or "Honest mistake. He didn't read the reports on the boumties in november. Neither in February. Not his fault." And " He's just saying this as a joke". And my favorite "America is the only free country in the world so Trump can say whatever he wants"
Too soon...
We all would like a medium Banu ship. However I don't really see it happening... Until they announce it, that is!
