That doesn't make them right and him/her wrong. It's entirely possible the Chinese people are wrong, and some random westerner is not.
I'm not sure what this disproves?
&gt; The second half is a bit boring though. I was already glad to give up on that book halfway through. Now I'm *really* glad :-)
There are some bands who struck it commercially who's catalog of stuff you never hear is way better than any of the commercial stuff. I'm old, so I'm mostly familiar with old bands like this, such as Kansas and Styx. I mean, for Kansas, it's like, all of it you've never heard is way better than *Dust in the Wind*. For Styx, their B sides are almost always pretty interesting. Take [Castle Walls](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=09l_zXCQpik) as an example. Genesis is of course another example. *Outlaw Torn* from Metallica All of Van Halen III with Gary Cherone, IMO, even though the production quality of the album is absurdly terrible. I think *[Peacemaker die](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JITDs3-L2kE)* is Extreme's best song. Blind Melon's main album is full of songs better than *No Rain*.
It's a prisoner's dilemma. If everyone cooperates (doesn't get useless signaling degree), everyone wins. Any who defect (get the signalling degree) win big against those who cooperated. So, eventually, everyone defects.
&gt; philosopher's don't deal with models with predictive value Of course they do. Falsifiability is a concept invented by philosophers. They may be doing to try to support a system of ethics, but with most philosophers being moral realists, what's actually "real" matters, and so if you propose a model that supports an ethics via compatibilism, and you're being a moral realist while doing so, then the model for compatibilism is either falsifiable in some way, or it can be jettisoned without affecting your moral theory.
I have a hard time maintaining a jogging gait. I can either do an old man shuffle-ish gait, or a very slow sprint. I see people jogging, bouncing happily along up and down, and I just can't do that.
I don't agree about Xenogenesis. The others I've never heard of and am happy I get to check it out. No need for the snark.
&gt; I don't think that most moral realists suggest that moral claims are empirical claims in exactly the same way as scientific claims. I suspect that's true, but then, I'm not a moral realist because I don't understand what it means to suggest there are moral "facts". Similarly, I don't understand what compatibilism is asserting, exactly, other than an arbitrary boundary where the responsibility buck stops, so to speak.
Amusing - what's the source?
"Jesse James. Zombie State University."
Wait, what? That's allowed???
That wasn't awkward at all.
Bozzy God, took the money and run...
92 IN THE GAME!!!
Some of them are smarter?
Holy shit, what a miss.
Wow, that's seriously shitty coverage there. Woo!!
Who, Jumpy McDroppy?
They should add a penalty against the Steelers for head-hunting too. Jesus, fucking Davis.
Artie with a pick 6 would be fuckin' hilarious.
What a great series.
The gunners really need to prioritize making a play over making the splash play.
How about Rebecca Ore's *Becoming Alien*. Teenage human boy gets kidnapped by aliens to go through their alien training academy.
I know, I'm wondering what game they watched - it sounds even worse than the one I watched.
He did, and Davis froze and watched the runner run all the way around him. It was a bad play, to be sure, but that doesn't take away all the good things Edmund did.
&gt; social media puts so much focus on major life events (engagements, weddings, babies, graduations, careers, etc.) that the rest of the time ends of feeling like filler, and we feel unsatisfied when there’s no upcoming big thing to post about. I don't know, I get updates whenever bread comes out of the oven.
Prefer composition to inheritance :-D
Yes, the Fermi Paradox was always about the observation that "there are many *reasons* why we might be the only intelligent species we know about in the galaxy (or universe), AND ALL OF THEM ARE INTERESTING".
Because everyone agrees that determinism is the case. It's the compatibilists who want to say more and layer on free will and agency
We're very sorry saving the environment will create burdens for people, and we're also very sorry we made a law that doesn't fix everything. I guess we'll repeal it and go back to BAU.
6'6", have 38lbs to go, waist is 40. I don't expect to get below 38. Just because, well, I'm a big guy! I'm also only aiming for a BMI of 24.x. I really can't see weighing less than 210 as being a good thing.
You are increasing your productivity by getting more comfortable off-loading more work to the compiler, and it changes how you work and how you think. When you go back to working in a dynamic language, you'll find your productivity dropping as you have to take on more of those responsibilities. This is a productivity change that is completely invisible to people who only work with lenient compilers or interpreters, because if they "try out" Rust for a week, it's not long enough for them to learn to change their habits and offload that work to the compiler.
My eyes tell me Samuels weighs considerably more than Conner.
And if you don't have family, you don't have more. You CAN have a community. You can also have a family. Having a family is a great way to have a support system, whether or not you have a community.
Yeah. First three books + The Silver Spike then stop makes a pretty good run.
Lombok is an abomination.
I think part of it was the dual timeframes of the story, bouncing between the present and the past - I really didn't like it in this case and felt it actually took away a good deal of tension and suspense I might have otherwise felt. I already knew the outcome of the climax, after all, so, it was bit anti-climactic :-)--
The ending was a disappointment, and as I said elsewhere the "climax" had already been spoiled by the structure of the story itself.
It won't work if they show the "monsters". Hell, even in the previews it looked as though they showed the shadows from monsters, and that'll be silly, I predict.
I was about 10 when that mini-series came out. I still have images in my head from it. It might not have aged well - I have never revisited it - but it clearly had some powerful visuals and elements in it.
Could be. It's not like it's ever shown to the reader. What is shown is that it is in some way "real", and not just mass hysteria. Also, given that the birds apparently can "see" whatever it is, I'm doubting a malevolent force idea.
Sleestak was wrong about Conner. He's also wrong about Tomlin. Go figure. It happens.
Career ypc, Gore has tomlinson beat. Which means it took him more years, but fewer carries.
Whether your run or catch goes for a touchdown has as much to do with the quality of your team as it does on you though.
Imagine thinking Curtis Martin isn't elite elite.
Most of the things being complained about (oh, he didn't lead the league any year) are due to playing for shit teams. He can't control that. Jerome Bettis gets in the hall of fame with his shitty 3.9 career ypc because he plays for the Steelers and gets noticed. Gore plays for the shitty 49ers and they never go anywhere and that's that. It's about what people notice. You make that 4 yard pedestrian run out in Candlestick in the rain, whatev. You do it at 3-river in the playoffs and woohoo! You're a god!
Rivers is a better QB than both Eli and Ben. But we'll never be arguing whether they belong in the Hall of Fame. More like Hall of very good players who played for great teams.
&gt; No 24-hour news cycle. Actually Desert Storm was essentially the birth of CNN and the 24-hour news cycle. I don't know how long it existed prior, but people started being glued to the news as entertainment available 24/7 pretty much due to the first Iraq war.
I still say GW did more long term harm than Trump. Certainly more than he as so far, and I predict more when Trump is done. The insanely stupid things GW did are still with us in huge ways now. Trump has a long way to go to equal that damage.
I remember reading that book at night. In an empty house. By myself. That was really uncomfortable!
Sorry for using my brain independently.
Again, it's not terror, it's horror, and a kind of species-level horror at that. *Ship of Fools* is more directly Lovecraftian, and *The Gap Cycle* combines a Lovecraftian horror with unending personal violation and torment.
Beating the Pats and NO, then losing to the Bungles and backing into the playoffs, and then losing to the Chargers in the first game would be so very Steelery.
The lack of discipline, the coming and going of focus is a part of Ben's character. It's not holding Ben's hand, it's keeping that tendency in check instead of letting be the whole team's character.
&gt; You can't let a QB dictate the team's mentality. That's what I wrote. I'm not talking about X's and O's, I'm talking about personality and attitude. Ben, as a person, is not disciplined. Fine, not his job to run the team, but the coaches can't let that basic attitude spread to the team as a whole.
&gt; You're pointing out coaches who won superbowls. Tomlin isn't winning another superbowl, even with Ben. That's the problem. Shula and Noll also wore out their welcome by going a decade without a superbowl appearance. Griese is good, but he's not one of the greats.
10 years to increase by 1-3 C? Yeah, I don't think so. Increasing by .33 C in a decade is how fast it has currently reached, which is a speed up over previous decades. Possibly by 2040-2050 it'll increase by .5C, which would be an incredible disaster, but it's not going up by 1C in the next decade. !RemindMe 10 years.
[Here you go](https://www.reddit.com/r/steelers/comments/a4qqxx/this_team_has_no_right_to_be_in_the_playoffs_this/ebhtc7e/)
I observe behavior. You're trying too hard.
Tomlin has yet to not have Ben. So give me a fucking break with this bullshit.
Right. Families don't cut members. Or trade them.
What kind of browser-specific issues with javascript and html5 do you run into with vivaldi?
Which country was that?
You just said opposite things but give the impression you think you said the same thing.
The dolphins have a job. Take the job away, and what becomes of them?
Quite likely they're not able to live in the wild successfully.
For a while now I've been in favor of ditching the division structure and just have two conferences. Add 2 teams to the league and have a 16 game regular season where you play every team in your conference.
*Cat Magic* or *Night Church* by Whitley Strieber
Because we're the stupidest team in the league.
We were balanced with Haley. Running when we should have passed, and passing when we should have ran.
Because we give them a free timeout and maybe they decide the odds favor going for it on 4th and one rather than giving it to use with 40+ seconds on the clock.
Gronk looking slower than Outlaw at the moment.
I think I would never run against Pitt if both Cam and Tuitt are in.
I love how Artie just runs off the field as fast as he can on punts.
run it, get FG.
Holy fuck bos.
Nice Watt!
Vincey got hurt?
lol
I don't understand why we're running it.
See? Passing is SO much better than running.
Not Ben. It just confuses him.
Good call.
Cause he's shit half the time.
Oh yes Brady, keep throwing it deep.
At this point, that's exactly how it is.
I'm assuming you have either a dick or a pussy. So, there you go.
Beating NO and then losing to the Bungles.
I've always thought a good thing to try would be for the government to run competing businesses in areas of importance. So we have the post office and UPS and Fedex. We could have a government social media. Government fiber access. Government health insurance. Government energy utility, and they could compete rather than be monopolies, and thus be a backstop against utter corporate corruption. And the fact that they are just another competitor would be a backstop against nationalistic corruption.
*Nichevo*
Users do the darndest things. Which is why a good tester has the strangest skillset you ever imagined.
So you agree in principle that restrictions on the power of those who own platforms or land or other things can be positive. I'm also going to guess that you don't think whatever states have or will agree upon is necessarily good, and that it can be a valid path for us to argue about what laws or rules *should* be in place, as opposed to what *is* in place.
And some not considered immutable. Basically we have an ad hoc list of things we don't want certain institutions to discriminate on, but one could be forgiven for thinking the list is as ad hoc as it is because we've generally failed to identify the more universal principle in play.
Yeah, if half the country is dead set on the government failing to do its job, there's not much we can do.
You can take it that way if you like.
&gt; And don't get me started on the Stephen Donaldson technique - raping or subjugating female characters from one side of the Land ??
I think the dismal truth is that the list of truly good books is shockingly short.
I am so bored with that book I haven't even gotten to any sex scenes.
Actually, I think a lot of people are overly prudish and just fail to recognize the inherent weirdness of sex. It's weird, it's highly personal, let's get over it and let people have their consensual sex anyway they like. I don't think any of it is any worse than so-called "mainstream" sex scenes, like in bodice-rippers, 50 shades of grey, Anne Rice Vampire novels etc. It's all wonderfully weird. Except Oankali tentacle sex. Fuck that shit.
If I read too much in, I was nevertheless correct about all my assumptions about how you'd respond. I do find it remarkable that you are here holding up US history and the constitution as a fine example of principles that have worked well. Nevermind the slavery, the genocide of natives, the subjugation of women that resulted from this system you laud. These things have been modified in the constitution in an ad hoc way based on power struggles - not principle, and new protections get tacked on to the list as new groups gain power. Women, blacks, natives, gays, trans. Unions as well represent the same sort of power struggle that came from a desire to restrict the power of those with the advantages. So-called "Freedom of Association" got restricted each time. Power dynamics is not principled, it just is what it is. I see you as paying attention only to end results, and failing to see the whole. So long as the end results are going your way, you don't see any problem. But it's like any time you follow "enemy of my enemy is my friend" thinking too far - you end up burned. These corporations you're happy to cede power to currently will turn on you someday. The progressive movement primarily won it's battles by combating power imbalances, and I think it's important to continue that plan.
Whoa, for $2 on kindle, can't go wrong!
&gt;but the idea that someone would abuse the power of their apolitical office in order to exert political control on the people they have power over is disgusting But it's exactly the sort of behavior often applauded these days - so long as it goes their way, such as Patreon's recent banning of whatsisname. Or Google firing memo dude.
It's not relevant here, frankly.
I don't know, personally I feel like the NFC Championship game between the Saints and the Rams is effectively the superbowl. To add to this, I could see a variety of AFC teams making it to the superbowl where they lose. Chargers, Colts, Chiefs (unlikely, IMO), Patriots. Steelers and Texans less likely, but I suppose possible.
Being widely recognized as good is generally how we know things are good. If you're saying there are lots of good books that aren't recognized, what is your criteria for asserting they are good?
In addition to the other good suggestions, *After On* has a more light-hearted AI character than most.
The main difference between UBI and unemployment benefits is UBI avoids the distortion of incentives that unemployment benefits create.
&gt; There are at least two principles in play here - freedom of speech and freedom of association. Probably a third when you think about property rights I pointed out that power dynamics are also in play, and are often of greater importance than these other things. You seem to have missed all of that. &gt;Your attempt to link to demand a single universal guiding principle Where did I do that? No see, you haven't understood anything here. Proof positive right there.
The point is it creates less distortion than any other conditionalized welfare method. And maybe you can point out a false incentive it creates that methods don't?
*Animals You Will...* was a book of short stories that I read over and over and over again as a kid. As an adult, the stories are a bit lacking, but I still have the book after 50 years and treasure it.
&gt; that was very much the point Indeed. You get it, but so many readers don't seem to, yet they feel strongly about their misunderstanding and tarnish the author with all kinds of undeserved insults.
KSM and Nancy Kress are the best examples I can think of.
&gt;It seems like compelled speech if a company is forced to provide services to someone they do not wish to due to their actions (and not an immutable or protected class) Is it not still "compelled speech" if it is a protected class? You just think it's ok to compel it in those cases. I think many of us free-speech warriors would rather reverse the logic - instead of an ad hoc list of protected classes, it should be assumed the person is protected in this context unless some defined violation is committed. Ie, threats, incitement, that sort of thing. From our point of view, had that been the logic, we would not have needed multiple rounds of adding to the ad hoc list: Gender, race, sexual orientation, trans, political affiliation ... etc . Would not have needed to wait for those particular groups to amass enough power to get their category added to the list. Also, there is a difference between a business entity and a person, like it or not. Business entities should not have all the same rights as a citizen. "Freedom of association" applies to individuals in so many ways that it does not apply to a corporation that it hardly even makes sense to refer to it as a freedom. I as an individual can avoid having anyone as a friend that I want, for any reason. A corporation cannot do the same, for what should be obvious reasons.
NK is largely about the biological sciences, which often gets her over-looked in the hard sci-fi realm (in addition to writing quality prose and characterizations), but she often fits, IMO.
&gt; It seems we just differ on the extents to which the harm principle needs to be legally codified &amp; the extent to where freedom of association is necessary to have freedom of expression. The majority opinions in the Roberts v Jaycees, BSA v Dale, and Obergefell v Hodges cases are particularly illuminating in quantifying private clubs vs public accommodations &amp; the limits of association vs expression in regards to these rules, at least in the US. Not being familiar with that stuff, I honestly don't know what you're saying. &gt;The reason it took the lengths of time for said groups to gather enough support/power to be added to them is precisely the lack of legal protections they had prior to that. And because we failed to have to correct universal principles in play to begin with. Had they been as I advocated, there never would have been slavery and denial of women's rights, gay rights, religious rights, trans-rights, and we wouldn't have some states where it's legal to discriminate based on political party affiliation, and some states where it's not. Because the correct framework was not and is not in place, we continue to have to fight the war piecemeal, and only for those who band together under these arbitrary traits.
I don't think that represents very many books. A few hundred only. Given that virtually no one will like all of them, if you've read 1000 books in your life, which is really a tiny tiny number of books, you can find yourself running short of these very good ones. Even more so if you find out-dated language and cultural norms hard to take.
&gt; Fascism has been defeated by beating fascists That only happens if there are enough people with a better idea than fascism. The size of your righteous army depends on at least adequately competing in the realm of ideas.
&gt; And when can we stop doing this? Do we still need to be debating Nazis or Holocaust Deniers today? Never. Each generation brings a new cohort of children who've never seen any of it, and have every right (IMO) to learn real information rather than just fed propaganda or partial truths. I'm not a fan of the Platonian idea that we just don't ever allow children to experience anything negative or learn about anything negative. I've certainly discussed the holocaust with my kids. &gt;Like...at what point does it stop being the case that deplatforming someone who advocates this shit makes them a martyr and helps spread the ideas rather than...just quarantining them in obscurity? History is long. We don't need to teach about the evil threat of Carthage. Worrying that you can't believe the Holocaust is STILL relevant seems a bit short-sighted. Yes it's still relevant. And if anything, given the difficulties of our current world, it's going to grow in relevance for the short-term, not fade away.
There will be history classes. There will be legitimate questions from students who come by their ignorance honestly. When the question is asked, what's the response? Is it shame, violence, or reason?
&gt; Time that most people either can't spare One might think a good approach to combating bad ideas then would be to increase how much time (and energy) people have, in general. Shorter work weeks. Universal health care (helping reduce stress). That sort of thing.
Yeah, it's one of those necessary but not sufficient things. Probably you can't fix things without making more time and less stress for people, and probably simply doing that won't change much, and even probably there's nothing at all that can be done to really change anyone over, say, 30 years of age.
Patreon and some guy who owns a little bakery are not on the same level. As I've argued elsewhere, power and size play a role. We should not be assuming that big corporations are due the same protections and rights as human individuals. &gt;You and half of Twitter. No idea what this is communicating.
Oh! Tick tick tick eeeYEAH!
Well I agree about building up universes in other genres, but I don't agree new universes of superheroes are doomed to failure. It would take a good business plan to successfully bootstrap though. You can't start out with a $200 million movie production.
The dropoff from Tuitt to Alualu is precipitous
The Saints D is so aggressive, maybe ripe for an over the top pass at some point.
WTF are these plays?
Somewhat bad call, but not nearly as bad as running up the middle twice the previous drive against the Saints D, the second time inexplicably giving it to Ridley for god knows what reason. Ben was killing it all game. I don't agree with the abandon the run strategy, but if you have, and it worked, then at the crucial moment, you don't .... give it to Ridley.
Because they can kill all the clock and score. They needed a TD, so either the D can stop them, or enough time is left for the Steelers O to do something in return. Having the whole field makes it somewhat harder to get that TD, but it's also not as much harder as you might think, because the D just really can't tighten up until the field is shortened.
It's often true, just not yesterday.
Because I understand that people get angry and hyperbolic, and I don't have this tendency to be pedantic.
don't know about that. We'll be waiting a long time for AB to demonstrate he can catch 22 TDs in a season.
If your source of news is CNN and MSNBC, then no, they haven't been debunked much and lots of people still believe the stats and are not "knowingly" misrepresenting anything.
Butler telling it like it is. Our secondary can't even cover the PUP list.
You could say at least something about why you think this.
Are you saying that after reparations, then it would make sense to talk about black culture?
Missing all the Western Hemisphere empires, which would be exceedingly cool to include, IMO.
Instead of the Doomsday Clock, where we're at 3 minutes to midnight, we can have the Countdown to RingWorld Clock, where we're 3 seconds after noon.
as a parent of young kids, the problem I've found with allowing them to be independent is there aren't other kids out and about in the neighborhood to be independent with. So, independence means an utterly lonely activity for them. You call around to other parents, and it's an endless litany of organized activities their kids are away doing.
Suffering is how we relieve the interminable boredom of immortality.
You find such graphs that difficult to read?
&gt;Accounts vary, but the broad consensus is that IQ is about 50% heritable. Environmental impacts on brain development are in that other 50%. I really wish people would stop talking like this makes any sense at all, because it doesn't. Please try to explain exactly what 50% means. 50% of what, exactly? If I split a group of newborns into two cohorts, and one group I have inhale some mercury fumes every day, and the other doesn't, what percentage is hereditary, and what percentage environmental? It's basically all environmental. If I don't split them and instead they are all raised in the same exact circumstances, what percentage is hereditary and what percentage environmental? It's all hereditary. Well, you say, we mean only about our present day America (or UK, nor Netherlands, or Zimbabwe), in which case, you can't say anything at all because there aren't adequate controls. You can say environment A seems to diminish average IQs by 15 points compared to environment B (ie upper-middle class suburban vs poverty-ridden urban), but that says nothing about what % is environmental and what % is hereditary. I mean, nothing at all. Zero information about it. Anyone who talks that way is already not even wrong, which is why this topic goes around and around in useless circles.
Without a crash in oil/gas production, I see no quick civilizational crash. 12 years ago, I thought we might crash oil production, but with the advent of shale oil, it's been shown that we can scrape practically the entire surface of the earth and squeeze out some oil, so, we've essentially peaked in production rate (tiny linear growth probably), but it's not going to decline precipitously from here. John Michael Greer's Catabolic Collapse seems far more likely, helped along by the poisoning of our environment and increased costs of dealing with that, of dealing with climate change issues, and marginal increased across the board costs of various natural resources (fish, copper, wood, etc). The main potential I see for a dramatic event would be due to water + wars + mass refugees.
I took a glance over at the github. Unfortunately, it seemed to be all javascript, which just isn't for me to work with. I'd be happy to read more about theory aspects though.
Smooth, unblemished, *well-fed* faces. That's all I see, and they all look like exactly the same face.
You should check out what they threw at *president* Nixon back in the day.
It's idiotic we're trying to fix the climate impact of our actions with moral norms. Carbon tax. Flying anywhere should just cost a fuck ton. Meat should be more expensive than it is. That will do the job far better than casting moral judgements around.
&gt; the increase in renewable energy sources What's needed isn't an increase in renewable sources per se, but rather, a decrease in CO2 emitting sources. The two are not synonymous and we need to pay attention to the difference. We're not only not emitting less, we're actually emitting more than ever, and still increasing.
The rate of ppm emissions have been increasing. I suspect we're at a point where we're averaging 35ppm per decade right now. I don't think this will go down by 2030 because for every miniscule wind turbine built, we get a massive increase in coal and natural gas.
I've legalized all the drugs on my property too.
*Call of the Wild* and *White Fang* by Jack London hold up very well. I loved them both when I was 12 in 1982, and my 13-year-old son, who hates reading just about everything, enjoyed them both too.
Everyone who seems to like Romeo and Juliet point out how much they enjoy the wordplay and baudy humor. But it just came off as juvenile and stupid to me when we read it in high school. Same with Midsummer Night's Dream. His tragedies are more my speed, I guess.
I liked *White Fang* even more, and it'll do the same for you, I'm sure.
There are ways of writing crap code that is still reasonably organized and refactorable, and there are ways of writing crap code that's just a mess. The biggest error in coding is duplication. When you duplicate, it means refactoring is that much harder or even impossible to get right. Another error is embedding of endless series of conditions in imperative code. These conditions become tangled in ways that you can't just extract a block from the imperative lines and make it a method that's parameterized and reusable - because what almost always happens is your condition at line 300 has interactions with conditions at line 1500 in hard to understand ways. You can write rough draft code without writing utter garbage code.
Could say the same about those who insist on wasting time writing hundreds of unit tests for their code. Slowing us down! We need to ship!.
The most evil? Really?
I can totally see the local schools doing this and I can see how difficult it would be to argue against it. You'd be putting abstract ideas like freedom and privacy up against concrete consequences like people dying. It is not unlike the fact that avoiding nuts has helped lead to an increase in nut allergies, and thus after this tremendous increase in nut allergies, we have to somehow reverse the trend by going back to being exposed to nuts. It's, well, *nuts*.
The Wright Show and After On are my favorite podcasts. I listen to 100% of After On, and probably 80% of The Wright Show. The st-st-st-st-st-stuttering o-o-o-o-of th-th-th-the wr-wr-wr-wr-wr-wright sh-sh-sh-sh-show i-i-i-i-i-i-i-i-i-i-i-i-i-i-i-i-i-i-is f-f-f-f-f-f-f-f-fucking an-an-an-an-an-an-an-annoying, but what can you do.
*The Skinner* absolutely counts as sci-horror in my book.
Have you read the *Beggars In Spain* trillogy by Kress? Not super recent, but very much still relevant now, if not more relevant now, than when it was written. Although I read "What I'm not looking for" as "what I'm looking for". Why would you tell us what you don't want rather than what you do want? That makes it hard. Anyway, *Beggars..* is biology focused, but it's more about the sociological impacts than about the science, which is just assumed. You might like *Dark Eden*, which is sociological scifi. You might also try Michael Bishop, like *No Enemy But Time* which is anthropological time-traveling scifi from the 80s.
That bridge did some impressive filtering work, making it easy to recover the garbage. That's a case of the river and gravity giving us some entropy reduction for free! Woohoo! So then we wisely come along and collec...wait, what? Oh for fuck's sake.
When you shut down 8.3GW of non-intermittent power, you must replace it. Had they not shut that down, that's 8.3GW of other power they could have shut down instead, which could have been more of the coal and/or more natural gas (which isn't going to save us because we need to stop emissions, not reduce them by half). None of your rhetoric here can stand against this basic math.
I don't believe for a single second they can "measure" the CO2 emissions of a nation, or a state, or a city, etc. They can estimate and they can be terrible at doing so. But atmospheric measurements don't lie, and that's mostly all I go on. Clearly we're emitting more of everything than "reported".
Social security is already a basic income. For the most powerful voting block we have. Are they endlessly voting and receiving more money? Nope. It does need more theretical underpinnings though to help us tell a story about what the "right" level of UBI is. Here's my story: Labor participation rate in the US is around 63%. That means we can basically provide for everyone with only 63% of the available human labor. If we implemented some UBI, the discinentive to work from such would result in that participation rate going down. *THIS IS GOOD*. We would then find ourselves providing for everyone's needs with even less human labor. More automation. With UBI, McDonalds and trucking and call centers can go gung-ho on firing people and replacing with machines. Labor participation falls to 60%, then 55%, then 50%.... And what shoud the UBI do? It should go up as labor participation falls. Imagine 1 person worked and provided everything by going around pushing buttons that made everything go each day. How much of our GDP should go to that one person and how much to UBI? To me, it's clear almost all of it should go to UBI, because money would still be our mechanism of allocating resources. Without that near-100% UBI, who would buy the button-pressor's goods? Without UBI, we'd be forcing him/her to give it all away, or with price controls. Without UBI, supply-demand can do their invisible hand work and keep our resource usage in check. As labor participation percentage goes down, the share of overall GDP that should be distributed as a UBI should go up. Labor rate going down is deflationary, or anti-inflationary. UBI going up is inflationary. And this is my story to tell us where the balance point is. Now, I'm not saying the relationship between UBI % and labor % should be 1-for-1. Ie, a 63% labor participation doesn't mean we distribute 37% of GDP. But, I am saying there is a correlation, probably even linear but with some coefficient I'd say. The point is, the amount devoted to UBI will need to change on some basis, and as you say, people voting to fill their pockets is not a good basis.
People vote against good things all the time. Especially disruptive good things. There will be winners and losers with UBI.
It's beneficial to you in many ways though. A more stable society. More business security that comes from a more healthy economy. More development of things you enjoy - more musicians, more artists, more movies, more authors, more biochemists trained to cure the cancer that's coming for you, etc. There are so many ways you, no matter how rich you are, stand to gain from human civilization doing all kinds of things it can't do when dealing with 50% of lives being wasted due to an endless battle with income insecurity.
&gt; I don't know anything about Coal and Gas plants in Germany besides not seeing them anywhere. Fine, go back to sleep. It's not like this info is hard to find, but, by all means, just look out your window to find out how the world is doing.
If Bill asks Yang something like "So you know you can't win, why are you really running?", Yang should say: "It's not up to you or me to decide who can or cannot win. That's up to the DNC." Bada boom bada bang!
That's nice but I'm trying to be serious. We could just bomb everyone with nukes too.
&gt; It's been a long time since I've heard someone lay down jokes about race/ethnicity, even in a self-deprecating way You never watch black comedians?
As Yang says though, we need to expand our definition of work. Stay at home parents should definitely get a sense of purpose from their work (I know I did), and why not provide the UBI as a payment for it (it let's them be more likely to continue doing it). Ditto for volunteer work, all the work people should be doing on their homes but often don't have time for, for caring for elders, forming community bonds, etc. Those all increase "capital" in ways we need, just as working at McDonalds does.
A ton of people who will get getting the $1000 aren't paying any taxes, so how does that help? Increase welfare for carers introduces incentive distortions you don't get with UBI, which has a long history of economic study and theory behind it to show how it should be the most efficient way to combat poverty. Talk about being simplistic.
Sorry you listened to an idiot up above.
Their priorities aren't mine, and they aren't the children's. Particularly the admins, they're priorities are basically the institution, and their interest in regulating these speeches would by myopic in that sense (ie, they wouldn't really be balancing the needs of the community with the principle of free speech, they'd just shut down things that went against the grain because they'd feel at risk and that's all that matters to them).
And how do you feel about the Obama administration sending money and weapons to ISIS?
Just go to his website and read. &gt;I wonder how much money will be actually saved.. The admin costs of the welfare are not a major cost to our government. It's a minor point there. At most a few hundred million I would guess. What's a major point is how many people/families technically qualify for current welfare benefits, but aren't getting them, which I've seen studies showing that there's about 4-5 such not getting benefits from the current system for every one that does get it. So, UBI will cover everyone, even ones the current system is too inefficient to reach.
You're not paying people for doing nothing. You're paying them regardless of what they do. That's a big difference. Welfare and welfare trap systems actually pay people for doing nothing - as in, if you start doing things, you risk not getting paid anymore. UBI pays you for whatever it is you do do, and is thus recognized in economics as a very low distortionary wealth redistribution mechanism.
That's hilarious. Squire is actually one of those 80s acts I am still willing to specifically revisit now and then.
&gt;You're paying them for nothing, unless they're already in an uncompensated job, as I noted above. If they end up doing something else for pay, great, but UBI isn't paying them "for that" if they'd be paid UBI either way. You're trying to say what I said, but I said it much clearer, so you should just go with it. &gt;There are thresholds. It's not as if the minute your start a paying job, whatever the job, you come off welfare. If welfare is a trap, then how is UBI not a trap? Because at no point does earning more money lead to you netting less money. With means tested welfare, they could arrange it similarly, but the current systems don't, for the most part, and there are a variety of hidden gotchas in it. Made worse by the fact that there are many many dozens of different programs.
Oh, I thought it was because it's a slippery slope to that most terrrible of racial slurs, Honky.
We need the can kicked down the road about 50 years though, and *without* emitting much more CO2. We wish we'd been kicking that can starting 30 years ago, but instead we shelved nuclear and went for coal and gas (because wind/solar were not ready). Now it's basically too late, and wind/solar still aren't entirely ready. Nuclear is still there as the imperfect option - it's still a good option, but we love the perfect to be the enemy of the good, so instead of kicking a carbon-free can down the road, we'll just dump a lot more CO2 into the air. We know how much worse that will be than a little nuclear wastes to deal with.
I see. They seem to have edited their post.
Oh, I see. Got it.
Nuclear can ramp up and down quickly too (especially some plant designs), though they're generally loathe to do it because the expense of nuclear is building the plant, not running it, so it's extremely cost ineffective (to a for-profit company) to build a nuclear power plant and then not use it to full capacity to make back the up front costs. However, our real costs are ones a private company has generally externalized, and we need to consider it - so CO2 emissions and their ultimate cost has to be factored in before we can really say nuclear is too up-front-expensive to use this ability. Other options would include grid-level energy storage, which basically helps all forms of energy production (including nuclear, coal, hydro, etc). Basically, due to the intermittent nature of not only some renewables, but of demand itself, we are forced to build far more capacity than we truly need. What we want is enough energy production to meet yearly demand, and store it during demand lows and release during demand highs.
No, not ship to ship combat. Mostly marine type activities, or espionage, or political intrigue.
It won't compete with the level of flexibility a gas station will bring, but [here](https://www.powermag.com/flexible-operation-of-nuclear-power-plants-ramps-up/) is some info.
So, right, the problem is seasonal adjustments basically because solar in winter sucks. It's not so much that batteries aren't economical, it's that solar leaves you in the lurch for several *months* out of the year. Day storage is still significant though - it could mean leaving your gas plants for winter use, and that represents CO2 emissions reduction. And other forms of energy production don't have such seasonal impact - like wind and nuclear, so both those could use the batteries to excellent effect.
No.
&gt;Evidence of historic CO2 variation levels shows that Earth (and all the plant/animal life) were perfectly fine despite huge variations. It shows mass scale extinctions that resulted from changes in the atmospheric chemistry. If your last paragraph were true, we wouldn't see [this](https://ocean.si.edu/conservation/acidification/ocean-acidification-graph), which shows that the oceans have increased in CO2 concentrations. Ie, they've been a net absorber of CO2, not an emitter, as you suggest. And there's your falsifiability. You offered a hypothesis about the climate, and the data falsifies it, so you get to adjust.
It gets hate from the left and from the right. It's gets love from both the left and the right. It'd be interesting to get the low-down on what the political spectrum looks like if we replace the current left-right paradigm with a proUBI - antiUBI paradigm. What characterizes people in those groups? What commonalities do they have?
On twitter, you often know the real person you're talking to. He probably doesn't engage too much with anonymous twitter responders, but he seems to retweet stuff from real people and direct things at real people there. Here, it's pretty much all anonymous.
The most common complaints I see from the left are that it's better to give people more directly what they need (food, shelter, education, health care, clothing, childcare, etc) than to give them money and hope for the best. I see this as a form of authoritarian left that has trouble giving up control. And regarding the technologists vs those who argue the past is a predictor of the future (ie, industrial revolutions shows we'll all just get different jobs, no biggie), I see that as a version of the conservative mindset vs a progressive mindset. I'm being more literal in use of these words than usual - I'm not talking religious vs anti-racists or social justice, I'm just talking more like personality traits and ways of thinking. One side just tends toward more conservative thought patterns where imagining that big changes are in store requires extraordinary evidence to show, and the other has a more open-minded approach that is more willing to suppose that "things are different this time". I would say proUBI vs antiUBI brings back this older division between conservative and progressive, and adds in a split between authoritarian vs liberal (again, an older sense of liberal than current).
&gt; So I tend to agree that some form of educational credit for postsecondary, retraining or vocational training would be ideal. Because you think that's everyone's "trajectory to self actualize"? And I don't usually see the contradictory complaints that "UBI isn't enough" and "it might become too much" from the same person.
&gt;If atmosphere CO2 content has really increased from 280 to 405 ppm Maybe I've missed something - is this in doubt? &gt; And 30% of 280 gigatonnes Where did this number of 280 gigatonnes come from?
I thought you said the increase was due to warming which causes the ocean's to release CO2?
It's as though people think the Department of Truth might actually tell lies.
Who would you rather have at your school: this dude, or the people who purposefully publicized these private documents for the purpose of damaging his reputation?
Holy crap. How for real is that? Ah, it's kind of similar to Vaadin in its approach. Bummer.
It's not really proof he's a racist. Teenagers do such things just for kicks and because of ignorance.
And maybe you're even sure enough to deliberately try to ruin someone's life over it.
*YOU HAVE 15 SECONDS TO COMPLY*
&gt; There is a world of difference between standard adolescent insensitivity/edginess/poor taste and this asshat's statements. I've been amazed at what some of my high school class mates have become. When I was in my 20s, I'd have whole-heartedly agreed with you. 25 more years on, however, I see how many have changed and become amazing people, and it strikes me that we think too much that everyone is the same. That everyone matures the same, and that there aren't *radical* differences in the paths different people might go. But there are, and part of being an empathetic and compassionate human, I've learned, is really understanding that different people are built differently, and that they go through different experiences and phases than you. I would never just label someone a "racist" based on 16-year-old behavior. Not unless I wanted to help ensure that that's exactly what they'd become.
And not everyone who acts like a dumb asshole when they are young grows up to be a dumb asshole adult.
We're not talking about lying, we're talking about worst case scenarios have an actual estimated possibility of occurring, such as RCP8.5.
Or winter.
2b*2b/4 = c^2 + Omicron^2
Some just have a big zebra stripe.
Apparently, "what else they could ban" might be, according to you, anything that you view as negative or harmful, because then you'd argue it's an odd hill for a free speech supporter to die on.
if we take the most recent year or two as the rate going forward, 3.5ppm/year say, then in 31 years, we'll have added 108 ppm, this year's high was 414, so that would be 522. To get to 550 would require further acceleration of the rate.
Is it still going on?
Fully automated food truck. You send it out with food, it comes back with money.
Podcasting. Used to be, radio personalities worked hard to learn to speak without ums and likes and you knows and whatnots. Now we're listening to every tom dick and sherry turn out their podcasts, and man, they, like, you know - *suck*.
Did he reward use of commas?
I think the strongest argument they have is that strong pair-bonding works best with traditional sexual mores, and strong pair-bonding is such a boon to happiness. I mean, those are their assertions and arguments, not that I'm making them, I just find them reasonable.
&gt; So your plan is to invest in nuclear energy enough to build plants but not enough to build storage facilities, which would be a fraction of the price Cause that's what I said.
Aren't they a lot more prepared for it now than in 2003?
But the rate of increase among young people is particularly dramatic and recent.
&gt;Any chance you might be wrong here? Given the topic, it doesn't matter whether they are right or wrong - what matters is, do people feel that hopeless about climate change, and do those feelings of hopelessness translate to depression? Fear of nuclear war was a terror, a visceral sort of fear. Watching the world brown and die around you, slowly, and with apparently no way to stop it brings more a feeling of hopelessness. And the question here isn't whether some people who feel that way are right or wrong, it's whether it is a social phenomenon that some children are feeling that and responding with depression and suicide.
This is what I'm thinking. I'm sure plenty of people are as little prepared as they were in 2003, but that, on average, preparedness has gone up and the total number of deaths will be less, but not zero by any means.
Only a few weeks, you got off easy. I got off easy too - didn't even know I had it and played football, but my stomach hurt (inflamed spleen and prone to rupturing). Fortunately I figured out why I just wasn't getting in shape and rested a couple weeks and that was that. Many people have it go on for months and sometimes morph into hepatitis.
I have a hard time believing the energy and water used to wash diapers is the same as the energy and water used to create disposable diapers and transport them to you and then away from you. That's hard to believe. It's like choosing between blowing air or paper towels to dry your hand, which is more energy intensive? I gotta believe the embodied energy of the paper towel delivered to you is more than the embodied energy of the blowing air.
It probably also stems from the size of his election victory in 1984. Every state but one went Republican. Can you imagine these days NY or California voting republican? Massachussetts or Rhode Island? It was the fifth most dominant presidential victory ever, and clearly a lot of democratic voters preferred Reagan to Mondale.
First choice is live near (but not downstream of) a hydro plant. Then solar. Then nuclear. Then natural gas. Then Wind. Then coal. That would by preference list.
I'm leveling this at you because you're words word directed to me after I'd tried to talk to you. I'm sorry other people treated you poorly. I block people who consistently behave poorly and it has helped me a lot.
A public standard dictating that basic level of communication and connection and calling it the "social connection internet standard", and then when I post on Facebook II, you, on MySpace 4 get the notification that travels over that encrypted protocol, and we are friends because your friend request got sent out to all platforms that have registered as participants in the public platform. But our data is held privately by our provider, and whether they behave badly with it is company by company, and when I choose which platform to make my account with, I get to choose on the basis of such considerations, and not based on which of my friends are where.
My AC is nuclear powered.
This format is asinine. They should do long-form podcasts with 3-4 candidates each.
There's only one proposing a UBI.
They only asked him one question.
I don't want to hear Swallwell, Bennet, or LickenHooper anymore.
He actually has been running the longest - started over a year ago.
Now would be a good time for Biden to talk that up.
Yang Gang is probably losing their shit right about now. This is ridiculous and the network is clearly focused on ratings. Probably why they're doing such a shit job of keeping this under control - good for ratings.
Yup.
Yang: First thing I do is write you a check for $1000
He also made a big point about how Americans losing jobs wasn't because of immigration. At least, I think that was him. And it's a good point that needs to be made more often.
Apparently they can turn mics off. Who knew?
Or use Brave and don't do anything particularly special.
If it could morph into #LookUpYangsIdeas that'd be great.
Bruce Sterling *Holy Fire* has a lot about the potential evolution of capitalism when we go down a road when people start living longer and longer and longer.
Should keep a queue of candidates and whoever's highest in the queue gets the next question. After they answer, they go to the bottom of the queue. If someone wants to respond, they can buzz in, but whoever buzzed in with the highest queue position gets to respond, and then go to the bottom of the queue. Thus, getting in a response costs you a question, and getting a question means you're less likely to be able to respond. They all get equal-ish time and it's somewhat in their own power how they get to spend that time.
I'm pretty sure Tulsi Gabbard is the only candidate on either side of the isle that would, as president, pull us out of Afghanistan. Agree or disagree with that move, I think it's fairly shocking that there is only one such candidate. For that reason alone, I hope she stays in the race as long as possible. Yang is the only candidate bringing UBI to the table, which is a solution that needs more exposure and dissemination of knowledge and debate. For that reason, I hope he stays in the race as long as possible (again, whether one agrees or disagrees, these are important concepts to be part of the national dialogue).
He had a terrible performance, but then again, the sample size was too small to be meaningful.
Maybe Yang should have run in the Republican primary. He'd have fewer other candidates to compete against and could conceivably end up in a one-on-one race against Trump. Wouldn't that be interesting. However, he's really far too much of a progressive himself to pull that off.
If they didn't implement it as a tax given away as a dividend equally, then it was monumentally stupid.
I didn't see that - I only remember that question from the first debate. Honestly, the yelling and screaming of the second debate caused me to stop paying attention. But, good point if you're right. I'm reading things that are changing my views a bit on Kamala.
Do they also shoot you so you know what it means when you shoot someone? How about blowing you up with a grenade? I never understood why anyone would need such lessons. How about you cut some onions and hot peppers and then rub your eyes.
What percentage of Mexican households have air conditioning?
They'll just give some standard objection and frankly, they'll win with that in the 40-second debate format. "It'll cause inflation". "It's too expensive". "People will squander the money". "No one will work". That'll be all they need to say.
&gt;There might even be a shortage on high skilled workers. There already is, it's pretty desperate where I am. % of people capable of doing high skill jobs is low, and our education system is reducing that number even further.
You should be more concerned about the [people](https://www.huffpost.com/entry/food-stamps_n_3757052) who qualify for current welfare programs but don't receive them, for various reasons.
Really? It's popular there? I mean, are "extreme poverty" areas 90% of the country? I honestly don't know, which is why I ask (I hate that I have to specify this but most of the time, questions seem to be interpreted as statements for some reason).
Then why do you insist on a brain?
&gt; increase support for populist fucks. The thing is, if they ignore it long enough, then populist fascist fucks is what we'll get. Same with wealth inequality. Ignoring it guarantees the worst eventual outcome.
Somehow *Warrior's Apprentice* hasn't been mentioned? This is the book when Miles takes charge.
Bezos?
It doesn't. You won't like it. It's the Culture book that convinced me no more Banks and Culture books (and I like most of the others very much).
&gt; https://twitter.com/AndrewYang/status/1212920212594610176 The response tweets are horrific.
&gt; I really want to say we have a huge age group that has seen the horrors of war and fully understands the ramifications. The pointless deaths. The PTSD. The suicides. The broken families. We hate no one as much as we hate Tulsi Gabbard for being exactly this.
I don't overvalue "actually doing something" as you seem to. A lot of people end up dying because people feel they need to "actually do something". My moving or not moving isn't going to fix any problems, and is in fact entirely irrelevant except, somehow, inexplicably, to you.
&gt; roll over You would characterize a hugely courageous response as "rolling over". If someone punches you in the face, and you calmly talk them down rather than respond in kind, did you "roll over"? Or did you show *real* courage? Did [these Amish people](https://www.washingtonpost.com/news/inspired-life/wp/2016/10/01/10-years-ago-her-son-killed-amish-children-their-families-immediately-accepted-her-into-their-lives/) "roll over"? Were they cowards, or were they courageous? Why should we respond to Iran doing stuff in Syria or Lebanon, or Yemen? There's no question sunnis and shias want war with each other. Have for a very long time. There's also no question the US has no solution to that, and all our attempts to get in the middle have led to terrible outcomes. So why do more? What are we getting out of it? What are they getting out of it? You just need to respond to satisfy your pride or something? Can't bear to be seen as "rolling over"? That's cowardice right there, you know. That fear for your honor and reputation, and for how others will see you.
&gt; If America stood by and did nothing the world would blame them for inaction. And you fear that.
I don't think it includes Gabbard.
They flat out refused to teach my son how to write. They said "he can use a computer". Well guess what, there's a LOT of school work that can't be done on computer.
&gt; I often do a find on page just to highlight the variable I’m working on This must be some sort of non-static typed language.
Why would you need to do a find then? Doesn't your IDE show you all uses of a given variable and not get confused by a string of letters that can be part of other words too?
That's some Tom &amp; Jerry shit right there.
Been building turbines since 1980. Seems kind of pathetic.
When I was young, I used to simply *know* how words were spelled. Even words I'd never seen before. Something probably about my neural net learning the patterns of English really well, and getting a feel intuitively for where words came from based on how they sound and knowing the spelling patters of words that came from Greek vs Latin vs German vs Norse vs French. Now I'm older and it's largely gone. I don't blame computers or spell checkers though, I blame age and a lifetime since I was 25 spent as a computer programmer and the subsequent retraining of my brain. I majored in philosophy in college and used to write fiction a lot, but those humanities skills have atrophied to some degree after years of talking mostly to computers.
The more disparate is the code that makes use of a given class, the more that class benefits from being immutable. Mutability in a package-private class is probably fine. Mutability when performance is critical is probably best. Beyond that, if you always start with immutable and learn a few patterns that help make it easier to work with, you'll probably get 90% of the benefits.
I'M IN FULL PANIC MODE - JoshAllen
The Bills receivers completely suck. Can't catch. Don't know they're supposed to stay in bounds.
People say he's the worst announcer. But I am entertained.
Wide right?
The Jets could have used his sage advise last game against the Bills.
I'm not sure. I've never heard anyone say so many things that my eyes are right now telling me is simply not true.
no
He's like Brady if Brady could run fast, could run people over, could throw the ball 70 yards, and couldn't find an open receiver on a surgery table. Yeah, just like Brady.
You shouldn't get called for a crackback if you don't level the guy
Because they went for the murder rather than going for the tackle.
You won't see a Bills receiver make any catches like that. Sry, I might be salty.
Then why are you arguing in such a dismissive manner with people who are trying to articulate their disagreement with the strategic implications of the drone strike? It seems legitimate to question, what are we doing overall to change the dynamics of the ME here? If we're just being led around by the nose by tit-for-tat reactionary actions, will we ever achieve anything we actually want? And if we step back and ask, was this the right move taking the broader situation into view, is reacting with dismissive sarcasm the right response?
Oh please please, just run over the Patriots D all game long. Please please, I want to see that.
Those are not offsetting penalties. What complete bullshit.
If you have good headphones it works just fine.
Ok, so then it's worth war? Or it's worth continuing to inch toward war with tits for tats with no plan for how to get done with it all? I guess I don't get what anyone imagines is a way out other than making the tough choice to just leave with an undone tit. Right? It's never going to stop. Nothing we do is going to suddenly "work" here and convince Iran uh-oh, we better stop now. Never going to happen. So when do we make the choice to ignore the latest provocations and leave? Because if we don't, it's only going to continue getting worse.
I like spooked tits
&gt; So you’re advocating we blink in this conflict? So again you choose an emotion-laden characterization. You're in a game of chicken, and you'll be damned if you're gonna lose! It's tired, it's not a rational way of looking at things, and we need rational. &gt;Do you honestly think if we leave the ME, Iran will just be down with it? No, of course not, we've fucked the whole area up so thoroughly, the power vacuums will be filled. Saudi Arabia and Iran will fight that war between themselves, sunnis vs shias, like Allah intended. And they're welcome to it. What's it have to do with us other than that we insist on inserting ourselves between them? And who is it helping that we do that? Why, it helps the elites. They get to make tons of money on military contracts. I don't benefit from it though, and neither do the vast majority of Americans. Some peopl in the ME benefit from our presence, since when we leave, the shit will really hit the fan there, but we are not benefitting, as a nation, from being there, and our military is for our benefit, not theirs. That's my opinion. EDIT: adding: &gt;If there’s going to be war, it was decided by warmongerers before the hellfire even dropped. If you let the warmongers decide, then war is what you get. But why let them choose for you?
Fucking straight ahead. Thank you!
A pop pass is what you want there, or a quick slant.
Patriots are trying to find where the threshold for DPI is. Dragging him down 5 seconds before pass gets there? Ah yes, that's a bit too much.
If Tebow were the Titans QB they'd win handily. They should put Mariota in. Then it'd be so much clearer to them that they should just run the ball.
The Titans are snapping the ball with 12-13 seconds left on the play clock. Why? Run it down!
Tanny should have sacrificed his marginally valuable body there.
Gee, this is fun.
And then they have no time left to a response.
How do the Patriots stop a run option offense with Mariota and Henry?
Wow, that was clutch.
Not yet
Rage against the dying of the light!
&gt;this place fucking sucks Maybe make a tiny piece of it that doesn't suck? I think this is one reason why I have terrariums.
You keep hunting.
"They should spike the ball here, that'll stop the clock."
I don't know what I'm missing that I'm failing to enjoy these books at all. I haven't missed that it's the far future. I didn't miss the golden visor painting reference. I just don't understand what the point is of the story.
Are you typically in the habit of positing the existence of things you have never encountered evidence of?
Pure genius!
I said nothing about any of that.
You need a touchdown before the end of the game anyway.
As it turns out, they can't score a TD no matter how many chances they get.
If I'm Iran, I can't get nuclear capability fast enough.
I appreciate the executive summary. I think you did a good job of giving me an idea of where it's all heading without really spoiling anything that matters much.
This.
Probably he doesn't criticize people for their skin color.
I understand. If I can suggest: this too shall pass. You will adjust.
I have tourettes too. It's such a useful example because you can stop twitching if a gun is to your head. For a while. Same with breathing and sleeping. Probably the alcoholic is similar. How long can the alcoholic hold out? Sounds like a fun reality show. For me, the order from shortest holdout to longest is probably breathing, twitching, sleeping, and I can go forever without alcohol. The alcoholic can probably got breathing, sleeping, alcohol and forever without twitching.
Personally I think US involvement is delaying the reinstitution of a modicum of stability in the region. If/when we leave, the chaos will get worse for a while, and it will be terrible, but eventually, new hierarchies will emerge and establish themselves. But with the US there, we just keep stoking things, and the powers that would naturally emerge tend to be those we wouldn't like, so we block them, and thus stability remains out of reach. So, given that, I'm in favor of us leaving. Beyond that, I'm very much in favor of us leaving because it is harmful to our nation and our people to remain involved there.
yup
No. It'll be shocking if it exceeds 420.
&gt;...novels So that's a type of literacy that's different than the type of literacy represented by texting and other verbal-translated-to-text communications. I think it's pretty safe to say literacy is *changing*, and some things people will be better at, and some abilities will largely fade from the populace.
&gt; I think they put the bill on hold because of that. Shouldn't that be rocket fuel to get that shit passed now? Yes, Apple, please show us your evil uncovered so everyone can see. I'd call that bluff in a heartbeat.
Never heard of it
I bet it's mostly young people. I think I used to do it more too when I was young. Now, it's just infuriating listening to the same old same fallacious arguments and absurd premises that go into these discussion and I can't do it anymore.
I suspect that too - but look at me, a random redditor who writes computer code for a living and doesn't really know jack shit about climate and environmental feedbacks. My abilities lie more in recognizing what's scientific consensus, what arguments make sense, which don't, who's opinions are outliers, and where risks tend to lie. This is far more than most people can do, but it still means that if I say we're going to hit 3C by 2050, I'm more likely wrong than right.
So you talked to a dumb old guy and decided to share on reddit. Cool story bro.
What is your non-capitalist system you're advocating? Bernie is all about capitalism too, since he's not a socialist, but is rather is advocating democratic socialism, which is radically different from actual socialism, and is still capitalism. So what's your non-capitalist system?
We can basically make the Chinese room now. GPT-2 + Watson and there you go. GPT-2 can write articles. Can write poetry. Can play chess. Can compose music. Sure, it's not perfect, but it's quite good and yet we all look at it and we all agree "that's not a conscious mind", and it won't matter how good it gets at generating language and answering questions etc, we aren't going to start thinking it's conscious. Thus, consciousness remains something else our brain is doing. But what? Still a mystery, and we still don't really have much sense of what we could possibly do in machines that we would call "conscious".
Yeah, sorry, I literally couldn't remember the right phrase for "Social Democracy". But I think my question was clear, and still waiting for an answer. The point being Bernie is still a capitalist.
I agree. A lot of broken people in this world, and they deserve love and attention too.
You mean like Saddam or the Taliban?
I wonder how fast Scott reads. Me, I'm a sub-vocalizer. I can't read faster than maybe 2 pages a minute at my very fastest, in-the-flow rate, and I'm more likely to be 1-2 minutes per page. My 11-year-old daughter has the sight-reading knack, however, and reads at least 3-4x as fast as me. It's really incredible.
&gt; I always feel that this attitude is using people. Yeah, same, and I think that's one of our errors.
Yeah, I think you completely misinterpreted me. &gt;What I can tell you is the real war is the class war Exactly.
&gt;for some reason. Yeah, total mystery why fewer and fewer men become elementary school teachers. I guess men are just "avoiding" it, and aren't at all being pushed away from it. All agency to the men, no matter the context.
This is an example of a cesspool comment.
&gt; After all, unless you go to private or religious minority schools, you don't have the right to choose which school you go to Part of the problem, indeed.
&gt; Any reasoning I can see that leads to a lack of basic education for all Americans is wrapped in inequality and wanting to keep the playing field not level. If you insist on assuming incorrect things about my motivations and disregard anything I would say to the contrary about it, then there's no point to continuing a discussion. &gt;Please, explain to me how it is a good idea that we not prepare every single American for a productive and happy life. Please explain how anything I said means I disagree? &gt;Are you seriously saying that if a state wanted to stop math education after subtraction that you'd be okay with that? No, my complaint would move to the state level and I'd say I'm not in favor or a state dictating what every child in that state should and should not learn.
The post I responded to wasn't "more information" either. It was a nothing post, so I gave a flippant and fun response, as opposed to all these follow ons, which aren't much fun at all.
As a parent, I disagree that's a problem.
You said schools shouldn't be used as indoctrination centers, and I whole heartedly agree. In this thread, I see an incredible amount of naivety. People who argue things like "there is Truth, and we need the government to make sure it gets taught" - that warrants a serious facepalm. Lot of very young, very idealistic people. A lot of people who are going to find a lot of disappointment in their future.
&gt; Any random dumbass can be a parent. We should put a stop to that!
Why after 2000? What is the point of that part of your requirement?
&gt; does he have any standalones i can try? I've only read 1 Asher book - *The Skinner*. Seemed to work extremely well as a stand alone. I never felt I had to read anything else to answer questions I had. It was fantastic. Horror sci-fi, and also very philosophical.
What didn't you like about *Among Others*? Genuinely curious.
Gene Wolfe probably wasn't popular enough for a Hugo. Nebula would be more his style - did he win any of those?
Well, I DO wish your schooling had taught you better what science is.
Maybe next time don't treat it like a debate.
I think ideally she'd have said the story got it wrong, and left it at that.
&gt; Warren is hoping everyone drops it If that's true, her response was very dumb. She could have simply said the story was incorrect, or backed Sanders version if she really wanted it dropped.
&gt; G.I. Gurdjieff's Beelzebub's Tales to His Grandson. Sitting on my bookshelf, but man I did not expect to see it mentioned here!
What did your mother want, exactly? Did she just want you to sit around not learning anything? Just get busy making babies?
Was gene's choice who the narrator was. I didn't find much of anything about the book that needed to be understood. It was just dull and the whole thing mostly designed to stretch what story there was out to a great length it didn't warrant.
Bezos access to people's increased spending money is probably more direct than Koch's. Obviously I can't say for sure Koch wouldn't win, it's just an impression.
&gt; We need evolution, not revolution. I agree, but it doesn't change that those at the top are very much fighting the class war. Let's not pretend otherwise.
Is that you translucent?
*Watership Down*
And 800 TDs to break Jerry Rice's touchdowns record..
If it's funded with taxes, then it's redistributing from those who pay more of those taxes, so on net, people like Gates or Bezos aren't benefitting. They are losing. Which is fair and very productive.
It really has nothing to do with being plot driven. Murderbot isn't plot driven, and murderbot is very similar to Severian in many aspects, yet those are interesting stories, and the limited, unreliable narrator adds to the interest, rather than just leaving this reader cold. Some people will like Book of the New Sun, and some won't - and that's entirely fair.
What a bunch of goddamn quitters.
Awesome. I'm loving this Titans team.
Should have called a timeout after Kelsey's catch.
Ugh and forgetting QBs still need to be tackled.
What? *Without* CGI??
I've never seen a pass rush as bad as the Titan's. What's up with that?
Feels that way. I am sad.
Good point!
But you are looking at it as though passion translates to *electoral college* votes. But it often doesn't. Northern/west coast liberals are numerous, but when you don't live in the midwest or south, you can easily be fooled into thinking the country is with you, when it really isn't. &gt;Americans are not dumb, put Trump on the stage with Bernie and let the country see the difference. We ran that experiment and Americans demonstrated how dumb they are. They demonstrated it by voting for Trump over Hilary, they demonstrated it by voting for Bush II over Kerry - you know, after it had become clear that Bush II had lied us into a terrible war in Iraq.
I agree (I support Yang, Bernie my close second), vote for exactly who you want. But have realistic expectations. Also, not your friend, bud.
Did they not give the carbon tax as a dividend to everyone? What did they do with the money?
maybe
You didn't seem to get the difference between hindsight and foresight.
If they fear "over-regulation" then they ought to consider that what originally brought on the EPA and environmental regulation was environmental degradation. So, if they want to avoid the horrors of regulation, they need to prevent the problems that are going to lead to populism demanding more regulations in order to curb climate change.
&gt; You seem to think that having an employee who has a few spare hours to kill do this "this" is only known with the hindsight.
Thanks for reminding me I need to check the batteries in my murderer alarm.
I figure if I'm getting in and out without touching anything but myself? Major win.
Oh no, he's not afraid to talk to the same people I'm afraid to talk to, let's not talk to him!
You mean like in *West Of Eden*, or Harry Turtledove's WWII alternate history?
Peyton, Tom, and Phillip Rivers, but Rivers isn't allowed to talk, just make silly faces in the background.
Don't read KSRs *Aurora* then.
The communism and authoritarianism of Chinese governments is just a desperate attempt throughout history to keep a lid on the crazy.
&gt; The point was Spanish flu didn't evolve to be less deadly during it's season to be a milder virus to survive until today. right, and it's not around today. That's more in line with how evolution works than that things evolve into this or that. It's more like things that get outcompeted aren't around anymore. And there might be strains of descendants of Spanish flu that we don't call spanish flu anymore precisely because they no longer kill us. And the point with cholera and smallpox and ebola, bird flu is they have other reservoirs of environments that they survive in without such extreme virulence which is how they persist over centuries. The point I took from your post is more than in the short term, a more virulent disease can do very well, and better than something less virulent. And that "short-term" can be plenty long enough to be a disaster (ie see Spanish Flu).
&gt; LOTR's primary focus I'm glad we've worked this out. You should read *The stars my Destination*. It's a classic.
From that perspective, nuclear war would be just a kind of bad day.
4 people have come to the US with it. Let's say R0 is 4. That means they infected about 16 people. Those people probably won't start infecting others for several days still, but if they're not found, then we're looking at 64 more unknowingly infected people by the end of next week. Just as a rough guestimate. We won't be seeing 1000s of cases in the US all that soon, unless there are tons more already sick people here that we simply don't know about.
Probably my favorite author, and the only thing I'd recommend to people generally is *The Man Who Fought Alone*.
Yeah, it might be good to hear Corey talking about stuff to get a sense of where he's coming from. He's on the Mindcast podcast episode #69. I have to say, Doctorow was really impressive in how well he articulates his ideas there. One of my favorite podcasts.
No, never heard of that one
Well we know Sanders is a misogynist just like Weinstein, so that's pretty far right, right?
It's ok, my love shall hold me up.
Just a couple days into the long incubation and these people were contagious? That doesn't sound good.
10 day incubation period that's contagious, doesn't really matter how quickly they die after that.
I know, but as I said, it doesn't sound good.
I agree he won't win, but I disagree it's a waste of time. He can have a strong political career from this if he wants. The issues he's brought up are taking on a life of their own, and the country needed to be introduced to the arguments for UBI to pave the way for it.
&gt;Only politically! &gt;Leftwing politics attract deeply weird and unpleasant people, You make a strong case.
&gt; Another factor is my workflow. I start typing the first letter of a type and the rest is semi-auto generated by the IDE. So often not even that. Usually, I write something like obj.doSomeThing(); and then I have the IDE create my local variable from it, which automatically includes the type. So actually the workflow is: type: obj.dos IDE finishes for me: MyFoo foo = obj.doSomething();
One thing that makes me sad is I feel like my memories of books I read long ago are fresher than the memories of books I read last year. Being 50, it makes me fear that it's just not a thing my brain does anymore. However, upon reflection, it occurs to me that I'm closer to all these books I've read in the past year that largely didn't resonate sufficiently to create a strong memory, and I realize that actually it's fairly rare to really remember a book, but that all those I do remember from 40 years ago are squashed together in my memory of time, such that it seems like there were sooo many back then and so few now. But really, I'm comparing maybe 15 years of books that resonated with the past year of reading, when maybe 2 did (those 2 would be *The Library at Mount Char* and *Among Others* for those interested).
Yeah, it's ironic that people essentially are wanting the cops to see things from the point of view of the protestors, but probably the cops are sitting there in their riot gear thinking "now's not the time for that".
Where is Madame Defarge when you need her.
&gt; I actually haven't seen John Carpenter's version You really ought to fix that.
noise canceling headphones + nice quiet electric mower + audible/podcasts == bliss. Until I accidentally run over the wasp nest anyway.
&gt;I heard a dev a while back say out loud “This is terrible! It’s like a first year computer science student wrote this! What a joke!” That's usually me talking about my own code.
Read some accounts of people who "lived" through Hiroshima and Nagasaki.
ACAB?
Absolutely. No one gives af about what I've achieved, never have, and I learned to do the same.
A biography of Salvadore Allende that focuses on the years leading up to the coup in Chile.
If you push it, you can reduce everything to a "language" of some sort, but I don't think that's terribly useful. Thinking without language can most starkly be noticed when one thinks of occasions where not thinking about the problem brought the solution to you, while you were in the shower, or walking, or in a dream. When I play chess, a lot of the time I'm simply staring at the board, not really thinking anything. Moves present themselves. Shapes of pieces are "there", I see them and are known to me, have particular meanings. A passed pawn feels an "urge". A forking possibility feels like it's pulling at my knight. Stuff like that.
I'm afraid hindsight will have to wait for 2021 or 2022
I mean, we'd have to go out there and try to do good, make things better, de-escalate the situation. Dear god, *talk* to people like human beings. Fuck that shit. I signed up for the baton and the rubber bullets, man.
As an inexperienced programmer, if you jump write into coding, you'll wind up with a tangled mess, as you've seen. As an inexperienced programmer, if you go through stages of planning, requirements analysis, design, coding ... you'll wind up with a tangled mess. The problem is the inexperienced part. The good news is that if you're motivated, you'll learn how and why the tangled mess happens, and you will learn to: A) avoid paths that lead to mess, B) recognize when the mess is looming your near future and take steps to avoid it. And you will learn that coding and designing, requirements analysis and planning aren't really such separate activities, and instead of doing one or the other, or doing one and then the other, you'll have them all in mind most of the time. The bad news is, you won't learn how to avoid tangled messes except by making tangled messes. The worst news is, by the time you've learned how to avoid tangled messes, the kids will think you're too old for this and won't listen to you. They will be very sure that the looming tangle you see coming is actually quite simple and not a problem for *them*.
&gt;For example, let's say your stakeholders come to you and your team with a new feature that they want to launch next quarter. They describe the idea from the users perspective and put you in charge of building it from scratch. Describe the process that you take step by step. What does the planning step look like? What does the requirement analysis look like? Help me understand how to perform each task effectively. Do the simplest thing that can work. If the feature is mult-faceted, pick a very simple facet of the problem and do the simplest thing that can work. There's your starting point.
&gt; Change has to start with education, You can't effectively fix education until you fix the family, and at the heart of family stress and dysfunction is economic problems. Studies have shown one of the best interventions that can be done to improve a child's academic performance is to give the parents money. UBI. And not some piddly one either. A revenue neutral NIT redistribution that treats all income the same (cap gains, wage, LVT, interest). And then also recognize that a problem that took generations to deepen won't be solve by any means in a couple years. We have permanently damaged people that nothing can fix. We have to take a longer view.
&gt; One of the main contributing factors to was the great society and the affect(effect?) It had on the black community. This was not an example of just giving people money. Welfare is closer to an example of giving people money not to work (since when you work then you often lose the welfare). Furthermore, welfare fails to reach some 75% of those who would qualify. &gt;Where is the work incentive? Those born with rich inheritances seem not have any issue with it. They work very hard.
I doubt that, but you can give me a link, I'll read it.
I probably did this a fair amount when I was younger, but in particular, I remember reading the unabridged *The Stand* in basically one 24-30 hour sitting (lying/standing/walking).
&gt; we never tried fixing the education system I'm guessing this must be sarcasm.
That's because lobbying works. It is not good evidence that voting works.
Cool, purchased!
What were you going to study at community college? Not going does not seem smart. When you say "work hard", why? Why would you want to work hard? At what? Does compensation matter, or just the working hard? I mean, stupid questions right? But that's how you're framing it. Don't work hard. Work smart. Get more out of it, including money and time for that travel you mentioned. Want a non-stressful job that can make a lot of money? Computer programming in a small market. (ie, not silicon valley, not Boston, not NYC). Want to work hard, be stressed out, and not get paid? Be a social worker. &gt;should I give up on my dream Don't know, what is your dream?
I've always found the best path to the best performance goes through the most stupid and naive code to start with. Without good understanding of the problem, gained via writing the simplest/stupidest code, you often end up with solutions that do completely unnecessary things, but tangled up with necessary things, because they started out optimizing from the get go. It's never going to be as fast as possible when it's doing things that don't need doing.
This is naive in the extreme. When other people speak "as a ZZZ" and you also happen to be a ZZZ, then they are effectively speaking for you and potentially saying things you don't agree with, but you are mostly helpless to mitigate the impact on you as you probably aren't even there. Humans will generalize (any concept of "identity" is built on generalization necessarily), usually without even knowing they do, and now your identity has changed out from under you. And have very very little power to prevent it.
The statistical/mathematical part is worthless historical data curve-fitting. The only part that has value is that he presents a plausible mechanism by which the 50-year cycle works.
Miss Havisham is old! Decrepit, actually. She's like the dead wife in Beetlejuice getting married and falling apart. And you can't convince me otherwise!
Shed your humanity. Become something greater. Your "humanity" isn't something to cherish.
Compliment accepted!
I suppose *Semiosis* by Sue Burke sort of exemplifies this, but in a single book (or two books). I would say *Beggars In Spain* is all about a major cultural/genetic evolutionary series of events.
Well, I bet you won't be as terrible a mom as your mom (if you decide to be one). I mean, who's the socially dumb one here?
Some of the greatest scifi ever written (IMNSHO). Not a complete list by any means, nor in any particular order: *Dune*, *Dune Messiah*, *Children of Dune*, *God Emperor of Dune*, *Destination: Void*, *The Jesus Incident* by Frank Herbert *The Dispossessed* by Le Guin. *Frankenstein* By Shelley *I, Robot* by Asimov *The Mote In God's Eye*, *The Legacy of Heorot* by Niven, Pournelle *Begars In Spain*, *Beggars and Choosers*, *Beggars Ride* by Kress *Red Mars*, *Blue Mars*, *Green Mars*, *Aurora*, by KSR *Who Goes There?* by Campbell *War of the Worlds* by Wells *Blindsight*, *Echopraxia*, *The Things* by Watts *Three Body Problem*, *Dark Forest* by Lui *Hyperion*, *Fall of Hyperion* by Simmons *The Sparrow* by Russel *Diaspora* by Egan *Kiln People*, *Startide Rising* by Brin *Timescape*, *In The Ocean of Night*, *Across The Sea of Suns* by Benford *Forge of God* Bear *Barrayar*, *Mirror Dance*, *The Borders of Infinity*, *Komarr*, *A Civil Campaign* by Bujold *Use of Weapons*, *Excession*, *Look to Windward* by Banks *Gateway* by Pohl *Holy Fire* by Sterling *No Enemy But Time* by Bishop *The Stars My Destination* by Bester *Do Androids Dream of Electric Sheep* by Dick *A Fire Upon the Deep*, *A Deepness in the Sky*, *Rainbows End* by Vinge *Children of Time* by Tchaikovsky
I've read two Asher books, and I really don't know why people poo-poo them. They seem quite good to me.
Yeah, and I was wondering what it was about Togo food that created so much garbage.
What if keys had encoded a time range during which they'd work, and past that range, they don't work/aren't valid? Only used to create an initial setup, of course.
&gt;I've used a number of different metrics, commits, pull request count, velocity, and rewarded engineers for their output. Truly? Did you actually do this for real? That's shocking if so. I mean, really shocking. I have a hard time believing this is a true story. I've worked at some terrible terrible places - none so terrible they would do this.
Murderbot #1. ART is hilarious, but mostly as seen through the lens of the true comedy genius of Murderbot.
Wow, this is a thread worth saving!
It's possible it doesn't have to be this way, but we as humans haven't yet found a way to organize our activities in a way that maintains fairness and doesn't lead to power structures, corruption, and abuse. It seems like a natural outcome of selfish gene behavior and the need to align thousands and millions of humans' activity so as to outcompete at individual and group levels.
No, you're the right age for Beavis and Butthead.
&gt;Most nomadic tribes have ways to make things more fair. But they don't have ways to outcompete the societies (groups) that play by other rules, and so we're left, inevitably, in an unfair world. Because the unfair world beats out the fair one every time.
It's not ending, it's accelerating and will, as a result, transform into something not recognizable as neoliberalism. However, it won't be due to "ending" and then starting something new. For instance, the return of manufacturing to the west isn't an end, it's a next logical step in a long-standing trend of automation that started over 100 years ago. The take down of the landed aristocracy, the growth of the middle class, and then the subsequent hollowing out of the middle class are part of the same movements with the same causes - automation being primary.
&gt; The middle class as we know it were a result of unions and consumerism. There might be other explanations worth considering. *The Meritocracy Trap* is an interesting read.
It's the gist of every post.
We should go with Priest/AlterBoy
&gt;You should have one database per microservice Why? Not really a "database" at that point, is it?
We're a one team org that decided one aspect of our system needed to be elastically scalable (long running jobs), and now suddenly we have 10 different microservices, databases for each, and everything requires multiple network hops from service to service and service to datastores for every little thing.
You are prime police officer material! There's your subversive political action opportunity.
Oh not to worry, that's what will happen whether you like it or not. A lot of people will work less, and/or work less profitably from here on out. Many will never recover their previous wage levels.
Definitely not a real astronomer.
It's so ***FRUSTRATING*** &lt;scrolls-in-pain-and-agony-of-it-all&gt;
It's one kind of virtuosity, and as I said, there were plenty of sparks and interesting things in the earlier albums, and not so much in the later albums, IMO.
I like to think some Gerschwin would be pretty cool for the old classical composers to hear.
Of course, you don't go on strike because of an arrest you think is incorrect. You let the system work right? Especially if you are trying to defend said system.
It's possible there are other alternatives. Neither of your binary choice there have had good results. Also your response completely dodged any attempt at coming to grips with what I said.
I have it, planning on listening to it, but I'm afraid of it being like *Beloved* or something like that.
&gt;rebirth Um, yeah, I guess you could call it that :-) Hadn't really occurred to me though, tbh.
Well, there's a UBI candidate running against Mitch, so you could vote for them? Will that happen? Nope. What the hell can one do indeed.
Some of us are old.
Riight, so you mock someone for generalizing a group that acts, as a whole, in a certain way ... by generalizing a group that acts, as a whole, in a certain way...
Banks was flat? He seems to me to stand out from your list as different. What scifi have you enjoyed? And what's an example of a more literary author you feel is particularly "not flat"?
*John Carter* books for sure.
The real world is now science fiction. Any normal story that encompasses any impact of entirely existent technology is "science fiction" these days. Our stories of human beings are necessarily becoming more and more ubiquitously about the impact of technology on humans. It's only going to get worse. 50 years in the future, there will basically not be any fiction that isn't "science fiction" by today's standards except fiction that is explicitly retro or historical. Even bodice rippers will involve haptics and implants virtual reality, etc.
And then in planeloads, Olympic sized Swimming pools, and football fields
Yeah, could be some low-hanging fruit there is my thought.
&gt;overcome the die-after-breeding Yes, maybe simply targeting longevity in octopuses would yield interesting fruit!
*Becoming Alien* by Rebecca Ore. *Why Do Birds* has aliens, is near future (or even near past), is sort of first-contact, but basically it's just an extremely bizarre novel by a bizarre writer (Damon Knight). Hopefully you read *Probability Moon* by Kress. And *Semiosis* by Sue Burke which was pretty interesting, I thought.
I would use lombock as a great interview question. What do you think of Lombock? How does it work? Do you like it? Would you use it? If they don't understand how it works and they'd use it, no hire. If they do understand how it works, and they'd use it, no hire!
Oh that's thicker, so definitely fewer floors to fill up an apartment.
Beyond what boyrobot says, which is true and, for me, enough to keep me away from Lombock, I've experienced the very special problem of when libraries that manipulate bytecode directly exhibit jar-hell conflicts. It's one thing to have jarhell and have to get around it with jarjar, classloader tricks and other crap, but it's a whole other ball of wax when multiple versions of conflicting libraries want to change the bytecode directly. The benefits of Lombock are entirely of "convenience" as opposed to "I have no other way to do this work except if I spend a year on it myself". And, thus, it doesn't warrant that level of risk that comes with direct bytecode manipulation.
It would indeed.
You sound somewhat similar to me. I'm a software developer. I have a BA in philosophy. I spent my 20s trying to be a novelist. Not so much interested in medicine, and I knew too many lawyers to think that was a good way to avoid being a cog (hint: you'll be a heavily abused cog). I like being a software developer because it's pretty stress free, I give fuck-all for whatever happens to the company or the code, and I'm free to spend my free time writing music, children's stories, and cooking. I like these things. My intuition regarding you is you'd like being a doctor MD/PhD researcher (it might suck getting there) (I've worked with some of these guys and they're having a blast) and you should try to get some short stories published like in *Asimovs* or some other publication.
Ah, guilt by association, awesome.
What little I did with Cassandra back in 2011-ish was thoroughly enjoyable.
And another kind of programmer who knows that the result of putting null guards everywhere is that no one will fix cases where a value is null and more such cases will be made. Whereas if you barf with an NPE, it gets fixed.
It feels super creepy to me. Doing it is one thing, but then to proclaim how easy it is AND tell us things you discovered about SA? Fuck off OP. If I was an SSC mod, I'd delete this post.
I just watched *Primeval* last night. I'm shook.
Don't let that stop the celebrations! Freedomm!!!!
No amount of growth? So a king in 14th century France is better off than me?
All the time. After a good book, I often go through a period of a kind of ADD addlement where I can't just read one thing, but instead flit around from book to book, to web page, to magazines, etc. Last book I plowed through and loved was *Semiosis* by Sue Burke. Now I'm rotating between trying to get into *A Memory of Empire*, *American Cosmic: UFOs and whatnot*, and Xenophon's histories and writings about Socrates. Also half-hearted listening to *The Fire Next Time*
&gt;“It starts with coffee but it ends with digital certificates and forced vaccinations,” Gilles said. Sounds like a good reason to get some coffee. Given the frequency with which I lose my birth certificates and soc security cards, sign me up for digital ones!
No more flying expensive planes to gas everybody with their chemtrails. People will pay for the masks themselves and you need far less of the hypnotizing agent in the cloth!
When your slope is all of 0.5 degrees, it needs a lot of grease.
*Count Geiger's Blues*. I highlight this one because it's special, and everyone should get an opportunity to enjoy it. All the murderbot stories for sure. Some of the Vorkosigan stories (*Labyrinth*, *A Civil Campaign*) and definitely not some of the others :-). I think *Kiln People* qualifies as light-hearted, though it's also a high-action romp. Akin to *Snow Crash* but way funnier and taking itself even less seriously, if that's possible. And *The Library At Mount Char* but now I'm confusing horrifically dark comedy (and the funniest book I've read in at least 10 years) as light-hearted and I'd better stop.
I enjoy Robert Wright a lot. Not really terribly "woke", but far left of Sam for sure, and he'd be disagreeing with Sam about a whole lot of stuff. He's generally more interested in foreign policy than domestic, and he'll talk to anyone, including fairly right-wing people regularly. Has trouble finishing sentences, which gets annoying, but the guy's just so normal and down-to-earth it's hard not to like him.
You're a terrible liar.
It is all that, though I will say I have a tendency to lay into the people who say absurd things like "Blue Ocean Event by September!" or "We got 5 years max before it all collapses". I find that shit hilarious, and more often then not, my responses get upvoted. Beyond that though, and this is very very sad, it's very often a better source for "news that actually matters" than places like r news or r worldnews
&gt;Something that the vast majority of people wouldn't dream of feeling entitled to. They should though, and mostly I think we all do feel entitled to exactly that. Else when I asked your name, you'd have given it. You still haven't. You feel entitled to not share it. And good for you I say.
In addition to what RakeNI said, a more banal form of evil is they could simply use your personal information to blackmail you.
Java
Who cares what you use to develop an app that takes at most a day? It's irrelevant. Anything would work, and thus is not a test of anything.
I've seen three such examples, one of python, two of javascript. Very large codebases that had become unworkable. [Here's a pretty good discussion](https://softwareengineering.stackexchange.com/questions/221615/why-do-dynamic-languages-make-it-more-difficult-to-maintain-large-codebases). My favorite comments from people who defend dynamic typing are things [like](https://chadaustin.me/2015/04/the-long-term-problem-with-dynamically-typed-languages/): &gt;I rather work on the challenge of creating more perfect test coverage then having to deal with all the extra boilerplate that comes with rigid typing rules. or when people say something like "dynamic languages are better for exploring because I don't need the code to compile to run it". So, python basically has rigid typing rules, but it doesn't tell you about them until it's very late in the process. And the guy running his code before it compiles? Is that going to pass a test? I hope not. He's essentially complaining that the type system has told him his code fails the test *the moment he's done typing the line*. And that's a *good* thing. In agile, the #1 credo is the cycle time to feedback. Nothing beats feedback that comes as soon as you've typed your code, therefore it's more productive to have a compiler checking as you go. The more it's checking that's relevant, the better. The people who don't like that are people who haven't gotten used to the different workflow involved. It seems like it's "in your way", whereas you don't notice how "in your way" it was that you had to run your test suite 5 extra times, because that seemed like productive work. Whereas the person who wrote code with the compilers help and with the IDEs help only ran the test suite a couple times before getting it to pass. There are hidden costs that people are often not seeing. To work on a large python or javascript codebase, coming in cold, you basically have to be willing to work in the dark. You'll open a python file and be confronted with a method that has a name, and has 3 parameters, also with names, but no types. What to do with that but start experimenting? That seems great to some people because they can immediately start the process of changing and running and changing and running, but from my POV, there's so much wasted time in that approach. It's like working through complex mathematics with an empirical trial-and-error approach. It's very slow, but it can seem so *immediate* and iterative and fast if you're, IMO, not seeing the bigger picture.
You have a point that "micro" doesn't necessarily mean anything about memory footprint or startup time, but I do think that given how many microservices are intended to be used as highly elastic and ephemeral services that are cheap to spin up and thus cheap to discard, there are many cases where that is exactly what is meant by microservice.
And 13% said what exactly?
&gt;Well, if he cares for his job, maybe he shouldn't be writing stuff that may hurt it. Yeah, he should keep his thoughts to himself and not blog. And likewise, all would-be future bloggers should keep in mind that their identities are outable and they are entitled to no privacy. Keep that in mind at all times, bloggers! -- established mainstream media
I didn't understand what you said here.
So your complaint (about what I wrote) is that Python IS a statically typed language?
You mean when you run a script, but you had to define the script in the GUI.
I'm by nature very engaged with the idea of retros and improving processes. But I've arrived at the same place as you
Imagine they come out with "Sophons are real". Then what? Game over. Pack up yer science and go home.
Consider the possibility it is an advanced civilization that evolved on Earth 40 million years ago. Uploaded/went virtual or whatever and desired to hide the evidence of their civilization (not hard to do really with the help of 40 million years of natural processes) and let the Earth continue to evolve without their influence.
It's definitely not a high-likelihood theory, but then neither are alternatives. As far as traces of tech and enough curiosity to want to contact, I'm imagining more that their continued involvement with the Earth is more like an experiment than just hanging around their home. So they would hide the evidence of their existence to continue the experiment.
mine too, but man, the Kobo device is SLOW
&gt; Just speculating what would motivate him to mention it so much in his videos. Did you read the Fable of the Dragon Tyrant? What's motivating is the idea that how much we invest in anti-aging research will impact how long it's development is delayed, and something like 100 million people die each year, so if we take 20 years to figure it out vs 18, that's 200 million deaths. You might be upset if that's you or a loved one in there.
