He is by far the single most heinous person in congress. It's no contest. Honestly that undersells how awful of a person he is. And this is something I've believed even before he started deeply incriminating himself over Edward Ghallager. He ritualistically stole from and insulted his own supporters then pushed all blame onto his wife. His ads claiming his House opponent to be a "terrorist" attempting to "infiltrate" the US government were so vile and racist they'd make Steve King blush. His statements alleging to *committing murder* absolutely should be investigated, although I'm sure he'll find a way to backtrack them. But even putting that aside and just looking at his other comments, he's shown a very straightforward willingness to both condone and glorify murder, while also making it clear that his entire crusade to save Gallager from an unfair trial was committed in bad faith. There's a good chance he's eventually going to be going to jail over something or other, but he should be expelled from the House before then.
It's a lot better than Joe "I endorse Susan Collins" Manchin.
Funniest thing about that is Manchin and and Collins aren't even similar politically, tending to break with their parties over the exact same issues. And while Collins might like using him as a prop for bullshit middle of the road initiatives that don't go anywhere she sure as hell didn't endorse him when he ran.
It's notable that he ran so far ahead of Obama in 2008. What's also interesting is that Obama's margin improved by 7.5 points in 2012, which was well out of step for how he did with the rest of the country. Hillary roughly maintained that margin at a time when most states voted more red (with some notable exceptions). So there's a pretty compelling argument that the state has gotten a bit less red than it was in 2008 and if Berkowitz's losing margin then was 7.5 points lower he would have won.
That's true, but Kerry did even worse, and Gore worse still, although maybe not when compared against the nation. It's probably not the only thing affecting the individual outcomes but I think there's been a noticeable long term trend.
Ohio has a deregulated electricity market, or at least it does until you count distorting surcharges. If a higher price is needed for generation that is the price the market will close at. These payments are not being made to reflect necessary costs but to keep specific plants from closing because they're undercut by other cheaper generators. For the nuclear plants it can be justified as an environmental benefit. The coal plants are completely indefensible.
Our system of representation is just not that good at actually reflecting the will of the people. In the best of times the policies that get passed only have to represent the majority of the majority, which can be as low as 25% of the voting public. Throw in the effects of gerrymandering, money and deception in campaigning, and overall voter apathy and it can actually be significantly worse than this. A significant number of Republicans are not nearly this hardline on abortion, or take your pick for other extreme measures. But they feel like they have no choice but to support Republicans because of strong adherence to other issues, or because of how Democrats have been represented, cultural factors and so on. Primaries offer little practical remediation because of just how much power the prevailing candidates and party apparatus has in shaping their outcomes. I'm sure many will disagree but I believe that if our legislatures were seated by a system of proportional representation they'd be more in line with popular opinion.
I was also looking around for that and [this](https://www.motherjones.com/politics/2019/05/previously-unreleased-poll-shows-alabama-voters-disapprove-of-extreme-abortion-ban/) is what I managed to find. But I don't think polling is particularly robust.
Part of that is due to systemic error in the poll weighting but something else that gets overlooked is the impact of a higher than normal level of undecided and third party voters in polls. By just looking at the two party margin it is assumed that their impact will be neutral, but the poll doesn't make any assertions about this. If that group breaks heavily in favor for one candidate (which they did for Trump) the poll can't be blamed for failing to anticipate it. The models simply need to incorporate this in their uncertainty bands.
I cut Beto some slack for entering because at one time it did appear that he had a viable path to the nomination, if not a great one. Biden wasn't certain to be entering, Buttigieg was a non-factor and Warren was struggling to gain even a small foothold. But things have changed and Beto's odds have totally evaporated. It's not too late for him to realize this.
The polls narrowed significantly in the last week and the odds reflected that. Given the trend it's possible that people were still changing their minds up to voting day, beyond what the polls could capture, and the model lagged somewhat further behind the polls. This isn't really normal but it can happen. There was likely still some overall systemic polling error but that probably wasn't the main factor behind the narrowing of the polls.
Not just a much stronger year for Democrats but one with much higher overall turnout, 53.4% in 2018 vs 41.9% in 2014. But I'm sure that was just John James inspiring people across the country to go vote.
Pride parades are about solidarity and security for people who have historically been severely shunned and threatened by society. It's a show to marginalized people that they can be accepted for who they are. Regardless of the crazy fever dreams of conservatives people have never been marginalized for being straight. There is seriously no point in asserting straight pride. At best the whole thing is an exercise in ignorance over why LGBT pride parades are a thing, probably accompanied with a lack of understanding for what LGBT people have gone and still go through. At best. I mean they can go ahead and have it, that's their right and they shouldn't be attacked for it but there isn't really a plausible rationale for it where they're not broadcasting that they're douchebags.
One big difference between Clinton's impeachment and a hypothetical Trump impeachment is that unlike Gingrich Pelosi hasn't personally committed the offenses she'd be going after Trump for.
It was Ofjoseph, and news of a fugitive Handmaid who just tried to kill an Aunt would spread really quickly. When Serena saw June didn't escape and didn't have Nichole it wasn't hard to connect the dots on what happened.
&gt; You can’t assume the seats would be safe in a special election when Massachusetts voted in Republican Scott Brown after Ted Kennedy. That’s pretty recent history and with the right candidate and without trump in office it’s absolutely possible as there is a historical trend of voters of the party not represented in the White House tend to perform better. 2010 and 2018 are great examples of that. No you can't assume anything but it's a hell of a lot easier to win MA or VT than it is TX, even if there's a backlash against a Democratic president. Bear in mind that we'd be talking about an election that'd likely happen barely after the inauguration, not 11 months later. &gt; As to folks seeing he doesn’t stand a strong shot at getting the nomination he was right behind Bernie and Biden for some time before he did virtually no press interviews and he’s already getting some press for a comeback, which is timed pretty well for the first debate. What do you mean he's getting some press for a comeback? There is no comeback, he's been 5 points or lower in the last [17 polls](https://www.realclearpolitics.com/epolls/2020/president/us/2020_democratic_presidential_nomination-6730.html) on RCP, nothing has changed or is changing. &gt; And so what if he loses the presidency bid? Any campaign against Cornyn is DOA without a nominee who can beat trump in Texas. Not to mention Cornyn is a much tougher incumbent than Cruz. There will be far more crossover votes for a democratic president and Cornyn than the opposite. I don't see any evidence that Cornyn is much tougher than Cruz. He has a modestly higher net approval but fewer people know who he is. While Republican incumbents did usually run ahead of Trump that wasn't always the case, in particular Roy Blunt ran quite far behind him thanks to the quality of his opponent. It's not out of the realm of possibility that another candidate like Biden carries Texas but even if you make the argument that Beto would do better it's moot if he can't win the primary in the first place. I do think that Biden or even Bernie has a better chance of winning Texas than Beto has of winning the nomination. &gt; As to the last point there’s lots of polling that’s great for Beto, he recently polled fourth amongst college students behind Biden, Sanders, and Trump, and he’s still polling about as well as Warren, Harris, and Buttigieg depending on which polls you look at. Really? "Fourth among college students" is what you consider great polling? I'm sorry but that's seriously grasping at straws, college students is a very small and unrepresentative bloc of Democratic primary voters. He hasn't beaten Warren in the last 21 polls on RCP, Harris in the last 17, or Buttigieg in the last 15. Not that those are exactly high bars for showing some sign of being competitive. &gt; It’s all within the MoE despite months of mostly negative press and he’s still polling fairly well. It is definitely not within the MoE. &gt; It’s not a two person race like 2008 or 2016, a large plurality has no idea who they’ll vote for yet and probably won’t for some time. It's not like he's picking up second choices [either](https://thehill.com/hilltv/what-americas-thinking/430261-sanders-biden-seen-as-most-popular-second-choices-for-dem). I think what a lot of people don't get about Biden's popularity, and something they didn't really get about Hillary's popularity, is the African American primary vote. This was put well in an article about [Buttigieg](https://www.politico.com/story/2019/05/06/pete-buttigieg-2020-black-voters-1307358), who has the same problem as Beto: black primary voters overwhelmingly go with someone they feel they can trust. And without years of political familiarity or being black themselves it's very difficult to build that trust. It is very, very hard for candidates like Beto to appeal to black voters. I look forward to seeing what Beto has to say in the debates. If he expresses some kind of amazing policy policy or rhetoric that really sways people that'll be a sight to see. He certainly hasn't been doing that thus far.
According to [Ballotpedia](https://ballotpedia.org/California%27s_50th_Congressional_District_election,_2020) he has two, and one of them was himself a Navy SEAL for 30 years. You'd think Hunter would be a little more concerned with fighting them off than he is Campa-Najjar but I guess his racism takes priority.
Once again McConnell shows he's completely full of shit when he says that he doesn't waste the senate's time with show votes that can't ever pass.
It's because of the jungle primary that he should be worried about the other Republicans running. If Campa-Najjar gets locked out of the general election and Hunter faces another Republican instead he is just about guaranteed to lose. Focusing all his energy attacking Campa-Najjar instead of the other Republicans is only making this outcome more likely.
For now Biden is doing really well with African Americans, which Iowa doesn't have a lot of. The polls will have to look like this in places like South Carolina before I really think Biden stands a good chance of being toppled.
Looking at the [current schedule](https://www.270towin.com/2020-election-calendar/) NH and NV are still second and third in the first block in February, the only unwinnable southern state is SC. Of the fourteen contests in Super Tuesday only four are really unwinnable for Democrats (AL, AR, OK, TN, UT). The schedule is set by the states individually and not the DNC, although they can use rules to influence it. The delegate counts are partially weighted by how Democratically the state has voted in the last three presidential elections, so these deep red states have a bit of a limited influence in the final tally. But a lot of southern states do have fairly large inelastic Democratic voter bases because of their African American populations.
&gt; the VP is someone who has great foreign policy since that's the majority of what they do They do whatever the president wants them to do. Other than casting tie breaking votes in the Senate their responsibilities are entirely delegated and at the discretion of the executive. Some VPs have been used predominantly for foreign relations work, but a lot haven't.
A tangent but looking back it's funny how his entire treatise on America's degradation was about infrastructure and debt. Yet he now proclaims himself the greatest president ever while doing nothing whatsoever to even attempt to address those issues.
And yet the average [monthly bill](https://energytransition.org/2018/02/high-german-power-prices-low-monthly-bills/) in Germany is only 80.59 euros, or ~$91.15 USD, which is less than the US average. You really can't look at rates as a metric in isolation, especially in countries that are deliberately trading increased efficiency for higher rates and are even using rate levies themselves as an instrument to lower consumption.
I'm not under any illusion that Democrats would be thriving in southern states if not for gerrymandering, but it does weaken their bench which is not exactly helping them in statewide races either.
Don't know what agenda you think TitleMax is interested in pushing with this exactly but the data is from the EIA. You can read the same numbers verbatim in [this](https://www.eia.gov/electricity/sales_revenue_price/pdf/table5_a.pdf) document.
I've seen loading ratios of 2x used as a baseline for solar + 4 hour storage systems. I'd the ideal value would vary a lot depending on a lot of local factors like seasonal variation and market conditions.
You need to be polling at 15% to make that happen. That's a pretty high bar that I doubt Amash could reach.
Bullock has [said outright](https://ntknetwork.com/montana-gov-steve-bullock-ive-ruled-out-a-senate-run/) that he's not interested in being a senator and wouldn't enjoy it. It goes without saying that that sentiment didn't apply to Paul or Rubio.
You have to reach 15% on a selection of major national polls not long before the debate, it's harder than just getting there in some polls at some point in the cycle.
Let's see, of the four living former presidents we've got: - Obama who he attacked mercilessly throughout his presidency, popularized and maintained ridiculous racist conspiracy theory against, and has made it the primary mission of his term to blindly tear down anything and everything he did as president - Bush whose brother he slammed with a lot of dumb crap during the 2016 primary and whose presidency he attacked aggressively in an effort to jam a wedge between him and those evil "establishment" Republicans he was running against - Clinton whose wife was hit with every gross attack imaginable and who was also personally slandered relentlessly in an effort to distract from his own problems with sexual assault - Jimmy Carter, someone he largely ignored because he's considered ancient history at this point Not hard to see who he's forced to go with if he has to pick someone.
It's telling how Fox frames their headlines compared to other sources. This makes it sound like Amash was expelled when it would have been more accurate and just as succinct to say that he left.
Arc the Lad 2 ends with the world being bathed in destruction and the two main characters from the first game getting sacrificed to seal the ancient evil. You had to wait for the next game to even deal with the aftermath.
Some were but 40+ hours was pretty standard, at least from the 16-bit era onward.
Have you ever played Final Fantasy 2? The original version.
On the bright side you're likely to also get totally irrational time travel logic and causality loop contrivances.
&gt; There is no conclusive single answer but a variety of factors have been suggested: i) increasing Federal CAFE fuel efficiency standards, ii) the explosion in the growth of ride-sharing such as Uber and Lyft, iii) the impact of social media, especially on young drivers, and iv) growth in the use of electrical vehicles. Is it possible that some gasoline consumption is being displaced by diesel? Not by passenger vehicles but by more products being delivered instead of purchased in stores. It's not clear that diesel is really going up much either but EIA isn't projecting a future drop like they are with gasoline.
There's no good reason to assume that men who oppose abortion are all not having sex in the first place. This is not some fringe position only held by social malcontents but a widespread belief deeply rooted in mainstream American religiosity.
The batteries already have heaters for charging purposes. Charging at low temperatures isn't just bad for performance but will actively damage the battery.
I'd love to see Lena Epstein lose again in a rematch, and she seems exactly like the type of person who would demand the opportunity, but I guess she doesn't have much of a path to winning the primary.
They're both awful people but to me Lydia is a lot worse. Serena ultimately went to great lengths to save "her" child from a life of prosecution, not only giving up her only real reason for living but putting herself at significant risk. If Lydia were in that position she would have vigorously supported whatever future was in store for Nichole. She'd have slit the girl's neck personally for crying out of line, and she'd have done it right after treating her like the most precious gift in the world.
I'm pretty sure he slid into a position advocating that people shouldn't report literally anything to the FBI.
That's absolutely insane. Hard to believe in this jobs market there are people who need to spend that much time driving just to get to a minimum wage job. Guess that's a regional thing. Costs are not just gas prices are either, with depreciation and repairs the average driving cost is around 60 cents per mile. If this is a 5 day/40 hour job that'd mean 18.75 miles driving per hour working, or $11.25 cost of driving.. so maybe less than minimum wage there...
Skilled fan translation teams wouldn't be limited by fixed message size allocations, they'd make tools to reallocate the messages or hack the text engine to support non-contiguous allocations and find space somewhere else to extend the messages. A lot of these translation efforts were seriously overhauling the text engines already to support things like variable width fonts. Only problem is if they're running up against max ROM size limits which shouldn't have been an issue for SD3, although maybe way back then emulators weren't supporting 48Mbit games yet. For original official localizations it's a different story, since they'd be heavily pressured to keep the ROM sizes to no larger than the original, and they operated under very limited schedules.
I don't know about the FE games in particular but some old cartridge games are an absolute nightmare for fan translation (or ROM hacking in general), like if they used custom compression schemes that have to be reverse engineered. I'm very curious if the Trials localization actually had access to and could rebuild the original source, or if it's in fact another ROM hack.
It's still mostly down to name recognition at this point, although it's really kind of flabbergasting that 65% of Alabaman Republican primary voters prefer someone who has never been a politician to be their senator. Guess that explains why they ever picked Roy Moore in the first place. You'd think if they felt that strongly about it they'd oust Shelby too. At any rate it's obvious that Roy Moore isn't going to win this. But Tuberville may well.
So in Wisconsin they can eg change "shall not" to "shall"? That's completely nuts.
Duncan Hunter is going to jail. Unless Trump pardons him anyway. What a shitshow that would be.
He's not doing that. Maybe Ojeda? Or one of those other old school West Virginia Democrats that somehow exist in substantial numbers beneath the surface.
We'll see if he does. While the general consensus is that nothing Trump does matters I do think that the blatantly corrupt actions he takes in complete disdain for the law erodes the edges of his already very marginal voter base. Even if only very slightly. Just like there are Republicans in CA-50 who could no longer vote for Duncan Hunter I think there'll be some tiny but tangible backlash to Trump. Hunter would definitely become a cornerstone of the 2020 ads against Trump. If he does get pardoned I expect the House to expel him anyway (if he doesn't resign)
One of these days Rocky De La Fuente is going to win something and have no idea what to do.
These are the real best words.
The OSC did not recommend firing Castro.
She is completely aware she's violating the act. She doesn't care because she's acting on Trump's direction with the assurance that he'll never act on any recommendations to reprimand her. It's just like when Trump told the acting head of DHS to not worry about breaking immigration law because it'll get taken care of with pardons. Jesus, I can't believe how easily we're moving on from revelations like that...
That is refuted literally in the headline of the source you linked. The OSC letter does in fact explicitly recommend firing her. And I'm not sure why you think this is about soneone named Sarah.
&gt; Clinton led Trump in a couple polls in Texas, Arizona, and Georgia too. She [never](https://www.realclearpolitics.com/epolls/2016/president/tx/texas_trump_vs_clinton-5694.html) led a poll in Texas.
Wrong [Hatch](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Carl_Hatch). I don't think they're related.
You know, as much as I hate the fact that Trump has zero interest in enforcing the law that really isn't what gets me the most about this. It's the whole attitude from him, his administration and his supporters. The whole manufactured outrage over how persecuted they are. And this keeps happening over and over again. Trump or someone in his administration or his orbit does something unacceptable and gets called out on it, and somehow the Trump Republicans all get whipped up into a fury about how they are actually the victims and it's the people pointing out their transgressions that are in the wrong, and that it's all part of how every aspect of the world is designed to slight them. The law is pretty damn clear cut. OSC has meticulously documented numerous unambiguous violations and a repeated history of not just indifference towards compliance but outright knowing defiance. This goes far beyond any previous case of violations by a public figure, probably because no other administration would have tolerated it. It's all there in an easily accessible, easy to digest report that of course none of the detractors are bothering to actually address in any meaningful way. All classic DARVO-esque behavior reminiscent of serial abusers.
Roy Cooper's going to veto this if it passes the House. It won't have a veto proof majority.
Semi-random allocation was really not a good idea...
A big part of that strict supervision is making sure their enrichment capabilities are insufficient for bomb making.
&gt; “I think if Christians pray, pray for the president and pray for his administration, I think God will honor their prayers,” Graham told the outlet. Good news, no need to go through the trouble of actually voting. Just ask God to vote for you. I wonder God influencing how people vote jives with that whole "free will" thing.
At the very least they must have felt like Lydia was overstepping her authority as an Aunt. What started as an intervening measure quickly escalated into what was clearly punitive and quite possibly execution. They don't want some Aunt being the sole arbiter of corporal punishment over their judges, especially involving a fertile handmaid that's been assigned to a commander.
An interesting comment from thread is that the margin was basically the same as it was in the 2012 senate race, when the statewide margin shifted by R+11.6. Additionally, the presidential margin in this district shifted by D+5 from 2012 to 2016, when the statewide margin shifted by R+8.6. So it's pretty clear that the district has been trending blue. Donnelly's performance in 2018 would normally be a high benchmark for other Democrats to reach, despite his loss. But if IN-05 is still trending even a little more blue between 2018 and 2020 this could be pretty competitive.
It's one thing to use inaction from other countries as an excuse to do nothing, another thing to actually exert diplomatic and economic influence over those countries to get them to lower emissions. You can simultaneously do better at home and pressure other countries to do better. China is pretty much doing the opposite by building more low-carbon generators at home but investing in big coal expansions elsewhere. One thing countries (or states, or cities) have to watch out for when trying to reduce emissions is policies that result in importing more goods from other countries that are cheaper because they lack similar policies. So at the very least measures like border tariffs can be important to prevent this, while also serving to pressure other countries.
The Vice President must be 35 years old.
That is not the case, the constitution says you can't be elected more than twice, period. You may be thinking of some states that have consecutive term limits for their governors.
&gt; The endgame content dungeon wasn't any shorter than previous games either and offered the dual mystic arts as rewards. I liked Berseria and it was the first Tales game I've played since Vesperia, so I don't really know what other recent games had in terms of end game content. And maybe this is just me. But I absolutely hated that dungeon and couldn't even make it through all the way.
Yeah I remember there being a lot of good late-game optional content in Berseria, not really sure if that qualifies as end-game content or not. Just the one dungeon that you could only access after beating the game was terrible, like they were trying to make it as annoying as possible. I was looking forward to capping off the game with it and was really disappointed. I honestly don't remember the "ex dungeons" from Vesperia or Abyss, assuming I even played them, and Legendia had a whole different approach to post-game. All I can remember is that the bonus dungeons in Eternia and the original Phantasia were better, if not astounding (Star Ocean 2's Cave of Trials is kind of the high watermark for me). I do hear that the ones in Xilia 1/2 and Zestiria were not so good.
And apparently a friend of the governor's son was also threatening to press charges if the picture wasn't taken down. Someone actually thinks that people don't have the legal right to take pictures of governors and post them online. Even worse is if he was actually acting under Noem's direction and the governor either thinks she can sue over this or can lie about that in order to intimidate someone into being censored.
NC-SEN is really heating up. This is looking more and more like a serious battleground. At least the fourth best pickup opportunity after CO, ME and AZ. But very possibly even better than that. I'm glad to see this level of enthusiasm and zeal in the primary.
&gt; a December poll by a better-rated pollster showed Beshear leading by 8 points There was also a PPP [poll](https://endcitizensunited.org/wp-content/uploads/2019/05/Kentucky-Results-2-May-19.pdf?mkt_tok=eyJpIjoiWXpnNVl6VmlPR0ZpWkdWaCIsInQiOiJFWURDekZmZ3o1bzFobzFYbWFxTEJkc2x0KzJ3c0NOZzRUNGxPdTJTb2d6a2hNMjU3T0I4Tm9vWXM5c2lVNUt1VlY3MUZDVExQaThWaDNzT2FtSUdGT2JRZTRTMWp5U1dMOFdzWkVMRlV6NFJMTDVtc2tKOHQrMXRrT2lnaVRzTiJ9) last month with Beshear up 10 points.
I heard XSEED wanted to do Rebirth but Namco-Bandai wouldn't let them have it. I don't get it at all.
The story I heard was actually regarding the PSP port. Can't say for sure that standard still didn't apply there, though that'd be even crazier. It's even worse that the PSP version of Tales of Eternia didn't get a North America release despite the fact that the localization was already done for the PS1 *and* it was released in Europe. So I guess Sony of America is the best explanation for that.
So in other words, Trump wants NYT to oust the sources so he can enact retribution against them for leaking government operations. This is embarrassingly transparent even for him.
It's silly for anyone to even consider states like New Mexico to be swing states in 2020. But that's most likely one of the 17. That said, I don't mind at all if Trump spreads himself too thin crisscrossing all over the country in states that aren't really competitive.
I bet a lot of old conservative political operatives started encrypting their data after this.
There was a time when I thought that whole thing would prevent Warren's campaign from getting off the ground. She's proven that wrong and substantively and aggressively moved past that while the people who keep bringing it up are starting to look like they can't think of any real criticisms.
She is just ghastly.
&gt; Like... wood, sure you can regrow that. But solar panels don't grow on trees. Neither do the generators needed to convert wood into electricity. That'd be the same distinction. You can "regrow" worn out generators by recycling the materials into new ones. &gt; Like, I could argue Nuclear is renewable because nuclear radiation is naturally occurring. BAM, reclassified. If you developed a generator that ran off of stable, long term naturally occurring background radiation I'm sure that could qualify as renewable energy. The nuclear reactors we actually use to produce electricity are not renewable because we have to go harvest the uranium from places where once it's mined from it's gone and not coming back. If seawater extraction became a real commercial source for reactor uranium we could entertain the idea of calling it renewable, assuming that our consumption of it doesn't produce any measurable reduction of its concentration on timescales that are meaningful to humanity.
&gt; Fake Nurse Lauren Underwood Why not, worked great for Randy Hultgren right?
Why are so many people in this thread acting like he's a shoe-in to win the primary? I really don't think he will.
The first primary was before Roy Moore was outed as a child molester and before he lost a general election. There was a primary poll earlier that had Roy Moore at something like a -10 or so favorability rating among Alabamian Republican primary voters. That's really bad, much worse than any of the others. The field is stronger now than it was in 2017 but I doubt that even really matters, the runoff will produce a single not-Moore candidate that a ton of voters will opt for.
Normally I'd say you're right because historically that almost never happened. But now Democrats have lost 4 senate seats that they won in the previous general election (with the same candidates) despite running in a big wave against the Republican president. One of those losses was in a state that isn't even very red. Ron Johnson and Bill Burr say they will not run for reelection in 2022, and there's a good chance Chuck Grassley won't either due to his age. Losing those incumbents could mix up those races.
The Oregon senate can expel its members but it requires a 2/3rd vote, which if Democrats had Republicans wouldn't be able to block quorum to begin with.
It's a factor but airplanes are not rockets and the rocket equation doesn't apply directly. Airplanes get by with much lower fuel fractions. One [paper](https://www.mh-aerotools.de/company/paper_14/MP-AVT-209-09.pdf) I could find on battery electric aircraft describes the penalty as 20% of range for long range flights: &gt; Figure 16 compares this term for aircraft having different fuel mass fractions respectively ranges. It can be seen that the drawback of maintaining constant mass increases with range and may grow to more than 20% for long range flights. This drawback is inherent in battery powered aircraft and must be compensated by additional energy respectively efficiency. While that is not a trivial difference it's small when compared to the differences in efficiencies that would be needed, and would mean an 80% range at comparable effective energy densities rather than the 10% suggested by the original comment.
I don't think you have much to worry about.
Exit Fate has been on my radar for years but I just can't see myself getting past the soundtrack ripped entirely from popular PS1 and SNES JRPGs, featuring tracks that I've heard to death. It seems like that'd pull me straight out of the game.
Most of the CSP currently being built or in the pipeline to be built is power tower, and this is probably not going to be changing in the future. In addition to needing dual axis tracking heliostat motors require much more precise motion stepping than PV tracking motors. That makes them more prone to failure.
You can spot a Chris Cillizza piece a mile away by the headline. I'm not sure why he has the standing with CNN he does. Even other journalists don't like him very much..
You need proof for Trump's infidelity or that he's lied? I could provide examples for a lot of the things on the list but those are especially low hanging fruit.
Don't know why anyone thinks Trump after losing in 2020 endorses someone in 2024 instead of running again...
He can be the first GOP nominee to run from prison.
Sure but I don't expect that to stop him from running anyway.
Interesting little notch up at the far left side of the turnout graph suggesting that 18 year olds are more engaged than 20 year olds. I don't know how much of that is a real thing instead of statistical noise, but it could indicate a slight change in trend for the youngest Gen Z voters coming of age during the Trump years. On the other hand it could be that a lower percentage of 18 year olds are actually even registered to vote yet and the ones who are are more politically motivated.
Biden is rated [D-](https://www.newsweek.com/joe-biden-second-worst-climate-change-greenpeace-1439346) by Greenpeace. He gets an 80% by Sierra Club which is in my opinion the more credible and meaningful group.
So the breakout candidates will be Williamson, Hickenlooper, Harris, Gillibrand, and Bennet? I don't know about that...
That's fair I guess. Even I have to admit that his climate release made me less concerned about how he'd act, although I don't really know where the D- came from. Also this is kind of rich.. &gt; To maintain independence, Greenpeace USA does not endorse or oppose any political party, candidate, or elected official. No you just give them grades, that's totally not a value statement.
I liked a lot of his answers when he actually got to give them but the part near the end about how he's in touch with voters because he went to every county in Iowa literally sounded like something someone doing a bit on him would say.
Castro really hit him hard over decriminalizing border crossing, especially when Beto invoked the drug trafficking arguments that Castro already addressed. Then he followed Warren and Delaney who gave pretty decent arguments both for and against single payer by meandering with anecdotes and poorly articulating his actual position. I haven't read much from the media pundits yet but just by digging through this thread and the one on r/PoliticalDiscussion Beto ranking near the bottom seems to be nearly in consensus in comments.
Out drinking with the guy who got fired for screwing up the microphones.
The debate audience is more the millions of people watching it from home than the people who live near the venue. The Spanish probably had more to do with the Telemundo airing.
The qualifications for the next round in late July are the same as the first round. We might see one or two of the bottom players get replaced but the field will look mostly the same. It's not until September that the qualifications get tighter and even then the polling floor will be 2%.
His argument about trying to push back against Republicans calling Democrats socialists doesn't hold much water when McConnell is already saying Biden would be a socialist president.
That poll was an [outlier](https://www.realclearpolitics.com/epolls/2016/president/us/2016_republican_presidential_nomination-3823.html) and was started before he announced his campaign so a lot of the people polled didn't know he was even running. He was polling in 2-5% in the polls he was included in before then and while that wasn't high no one was really polling much above 15%. He was leading almost every poll starting in under 3 weeks since he announced. This is a lot different from Williamson who has been in [64 polls](https://projects.fivethirtyeight.com/2020-primaries/democratic/national/) up until now and hasn't gotten over 1% in any of them even though she'd been officially running for months when she started getting polling.
&gt; TODD: &gt; And Ms. Williamson, you have the last word. &gt; WILLIAMSON: &gt; My first call is to Prime Minister of New Zealand who said that her role is to make New Zealand the place where it’s the best place in the world for a child to grow up. And I would tell her, girlfriend, you are so wrong because the United States of America is going to be the best place— &gt; TODD: &gt; Thank you. &gt; WILLIAMSON: &gt; —In the world for a child to grow up. We are going to have— The moderators didn't let her say any more.
She hasn't polled over 1% in literally any of several dozens of national polls listed on 538. The only one she's shown as polling ahead of is Swalwell.
I guessed she was a self help author entirely based on her debate answers.
One of them even said they were going to spend the rest of their answer slot talking about something else and the moderator basically said it's their time and they can knock themselves out.
&gt; But the way, for tax policies it only requires 50+ a tie breaker to eliminate the tax credits in the Senate so there was more then enough votes to do so. The procedure you're referring to, reconciliation, can only be used to adjust revenue in one bill per year. The 2010 senate already used reconciliation to pass ACA fixes needed after Scott Brown's election prevented passing a corrected ACA straight.
No, not wrong. The 10 year payout period has nothing to do with the phaseout period and has always been part of the PTC. Here is a description [straight](https://www.energy.gov/sites/prod/files/2018/03/f49/eere_wind_funding_fs_2018_0.pdf) from the DoE: &gt; PTC allows owners and developers of wind energy facilities (land-based and offshore) to claim a federal income tax credit on every kilowatt-hour of electricity generated for the power grid annually for a period of 10 years after a facility is placed into service.
Making a grid based on 100% wind and solar is very challenging and probably not something any large scale grid will accomplish in the very near future. But that's a red herring that's being used as an excuse for countries like the US to not invest in installing much more wind and solar than they currently have, which their grids can easily accommodate. Trump and others in his orbit like Rick Perry say that other countries are "losing power" over their decision to support renewables but it's total bullshit. Nobody anywhere has significantly eroded their electricity security over decarbonization plans and I highly doubt anyone is going to.
I've beaten dozens of metroidvanias on Steam but Dandara is the only one I truly gave up on trying to beat because I didn't feel like I could manage the gameplay. And I really put a lot of effort into it but there ended up being these areas where you get pelted with projectiles going through walls that I just couldn't react to quickly enough, even after trying over and over again. There was then some other place I painstakingly pushed through only to find myself at a dead end and having to go all the way back, and that was the final straw. Maybe I was missing the right place to go to or I could have grinded for better stats or something. I found the whole thing kind of baffling because I couldn't seem to find pretty much anyone else who had any real difficulty with the game. So maybe it's somehow just me. Could be some deficiency I have with analog stick movement, I don't know.
It's because this poster and all the ones in the other discussions wrongly linked to trackdok.com for whatever reason instead of a working link to an article. Don't know what this site is supposed to be but I'm guessing some kind of article aggregator, not necessarily any common thread behind the stuff getting posted from it.
Trump was leading the polls pretty much since starting his campaign and was way ahead by 2016. That's not at all comparable to Yang's position. The people who slept on Trump this late are more like the ones who are convinced Biden's primary support is going to collapse any day now.
I wonder if he'll endorse Warren. She seems like the most likely to pick him as a running mate.
The article describes impoundment as being in effect after the end of the fiscal year, but is that actually the case? The House Budget website provides [this](https://budget.house.gov/publications/report/impoundment-control-act-1974-what-it-why-does-it-matter) description: &gt; An “impoundment” is any action – or inaction – by an officer or employee of the federal government that precludes federal funds from being obligated[1] or spent, either temporarily or permanently. I would think that the deliberate hold to not give the money to Ukraine when the administration could have would count as impoundment, and that the failure to alert congress and give a reason for the hold would have already been a violation of the ICA.
I've been trying to get more clarification on this as well, and from what I can find I don't think the FY2019 end date is related to the actions of impoundment taken by the administration. The Impound Control Act requires that the administration submit a notification to congress explaining the rationale before making congressionally allocated funds unavailable for obligation (not allowing the agencies they were allotted to to spend the money). This isn't just a courtesy but done as a request for congress to implement a permanent action against the funding via new legislation. After the notification is made there's a window of 45 session days for congress to update the law and if they don't the impoundment must be released. In 2018 the administration was positing making an impoundment notification with less than 45 days before the funding expired, allowing the clock to run out and effectively rescinding the spending. The House Budget committee asked the Governmental Accountability to investigate the legality of this move and they [concluded](https://www.gao.gov/products/B-330330#mt=e-report) that it violated the intent of the ICA. In fact, they determined that the impoundment window had to be not just 45 session days before expiration but with enough additional time remaining to enable "prudent spending" of the money. This is illustrated by the fact that DoD was unable to spend all the money before September 30 despite the hold being released on September 11. They've also provided this definition of impoundment: &gt; An "impoundment" is any action or inaction by an officer or employee of the federal government that precludes obligation or expenditure of budget authority. GAO, A Glossary of Terms Used in the Federal Budget Process, GAO-05-734SP (Washington, D.C.: Sept. 2005), at 61. In light of these positions and the timeframes established in the ICA it's really hard to see how impoundment could merely refer to keeping a hold on spending until the fiscal year expires. It would seem to me that Trump did impound the money in contravention of congress by not submitting notification, and he did so while being made aware that it was in violation of the law. It's also possible that he exceeded the 45 day window - I don't know how many days congress was in session between when the holds were placed in late June/early July and when they were removed on September 11. But the lack of notification makes this moot.
It's true Iowa and New Hampshire are much more white than the national Democratic average, but it's also true that South Carolina is much more black and Nevada is much more Latino. Those states all count as early states as far as debate qualifying polls go and I would guess that averaged together they're not too far off from being representative of national demographics. And while Nevada really has been underpolled I highly doubt it would have helped Castro had it been polled more, as he never did any better there than anywhere else, mostly polling at just 1%. If we're going to say that Castro, Harris and Booker were/are dependent on outsized polling from people of color then their real problem is that Biden (and to some extent among the younger/more activist bloc Bernie) has been the more preferred choice. Maybe Pete being from Indiana does give him some advantage in Iowa but the race is going to be about much more than Iowa.
Pete got 10,991 votes in 2011 and 8,515 in 2015, but that's not really the point. If we're really sorting candidates by the number of votes they got in elections Castro never would have deserved to be anywhere near the top three either. It's silly to talk down Pete because Castro got some 3-4 times as many votes in his highest turnout elections when there's a bunch of other candidates who got much more than that.
Especially the Cowardly Ryan who abandoned his seat before even trying to hold his majority.
Can we run a Bull Moose candidate?
I don't see how anything with Iran would impact US coal. They are very minor coal exporters and not someone we trade coal with, plus a very small portion of our coal is imported to begin with. We also don't really get natural gas from foreign countries other than Canada so I don't see this affecting domestic natural gas prices, definitely not to the extent that it helps coal plants that are losing to gas.
North Korea also failed to build nuclear weapons for decades, until they didn't.
&gt; I don't mean to sound out of touch but is there any real indication or data supporting the idea Clinton would run *again*? No, and anyone who thinks this will happen either doesn't realize the huge delegate deficit there'd be in already missed primary deadlines or thinks that Hillary will somehow upend the primary process entirely. There's simply no remotely realistic path to nomination anymore, although it'd be very generous to say there ever was one to begin with. Disagree that she got beat by Obama hardcore though, that was a close primary.
The US-Iran tribunal didn't reach a decision yet but there were signs that they would soon and that it would have resulted in worse interest penalties for the US. Obama's deal was basically an out of court settlement to avoid this.
It may not amount to much more but he'll at least need a majority vote on the new rules. It's plausible that he fails to get that majority although probably unlikely.
Political and practical interests are much more divided by urban vs rural than state vs state. We really don't get a lot out of balancing the interests of North Dakota vs the interests of South Dakota and the practical reality is that senators are highly unified by national partisan identity. Senators advance the interests of their party much more than the interests of their state.
Ivanka is not a Democrat in any really meaningful sense. Aside from strongly supporting her Republican president father she's been backing the campaigns of some of the most ardent Republicans in the house.
The outcome of the 2020 election could heavily impact who ends up being favored in 2024. If Trump loses reelection I expect both Pence and his kids to lose standing. Normally I wouldn't expect Ivanka or especially Jr to have a real shot regardless but they might if Trump as president pushes for one of them, which I can pretty easily see happening.
Bernie has gotten lots of endorsements from sitting elected Democrats...
I didn't mean to imply he was getting more than other candidates, just that there isn't some kind of deep institutional stigma that would make it unlikely for any Democrat to endorse him as was claimed.
RCV with single member districts probably wouldn't cause a big move away from two party representation. Multi-member districts with proportional systems like STV or party list could (or hybrid systems could)
Nobody cares about Wyoming regardless. What they care about is the particular intersection of Republican values that the rest of the majority forming Republican states care about. Meanwhile the opposing intersection of Democratic values that the minority forming Democratic states care about is shut out. That's not the same thing at all. Let's not pretend the senate is some body that goes around and gives every state some kind of due time and interest. That's pretty far from the function of the federal legislative role the senate actually performs. The only time any senators get unique leverage for their state is when it's difficult for their party to win without them.
What are we supposed to do, crop it out? Find pictures of him as a baby?
So basically you're saying reform against FPTP can't happen while two parties have (virtually) complete control, so first the two parties need to be broken up. But I don't see how you break up the two parties under FPTP either so that sounds like a catch-22. But actually I think starting with electoral reform is more realistic than starting with some kind of popular reform to simultaneously break up both major parties under FPTP systems. The most realistic way to push back against FPTP will be to start doing so at the local and state levels where it can be instituted via ballot resolution, which isn't really beholden to current party buyoff. Could also be more likely to pass at state and local levels that are overall fairly far left or right, where there's less risk of dramatically moving the political majority powers by shearing off some of the dominant party's seats to a third party. If the ball can get rolling in these places maybe it can start seeing some momentum towards moving into the federal level. But that'd be several steps ahead. In my opinion the real stumbling block right now is that people aren't well educated on electoral reform and are therefore at best not really interested or at worst actively oppose change. So we just aren't seeing big pushes in very many places. We need a popular movement. Maybe people like AOC can use their big social platform to start advocating for this kind of change instead of just wishing there were more parties.
Biden supports most of those things in some form. Actually I find it kind of notable that Sanders and AOC do not support carbon pricing.
Annie's 9 years younger than Zeke, so Dina was actually a titan long before she was born.
Since they couldn't be memory wiped by the coordinate user it seemed like they weren't eldians but that went out the window with Mikasa seeing Eren's message.
Great, another creep calling grown ass women "girls"
The massive coal decline in the US has thus far been fairly asymmetric, with [Appalachia](https://www.eia.gov/todayinenergy/detail.php?id=42275) taking a much bigger decline than the west. That's because western coal mines are much easier to mine and therefore much more productive per labor hour and much cheaper. In the other regions stayed competitive by having much lower transportation costs, but when coal started getting squeezed there was more room to slash overhead in this region. Eventually Appalachian and interior production will approach rock bottom for thermal coal, especially for non-local generation. At that point western production will then start seeing much sharper declines. The demand is simply not going to be there domestically and even if global demand keeps up western coal is too expensive to export, especially with the west coast states refusing shipping ports.
I think it's kind of crazy for anyone to have any kind of confidence about which of Biden, Bernie or Buttigieg will be #1 in Iowa. Or even a high degree of confidence that it won't be Warren. Feet to the fire I'd put Bernie as the *slight* favorite and Biden a bit behind that, just based on current standing and trend lines. So I guess 32% Bernie, 28% Biden, 22% Buttigieg, 13% Warren, 5% someone else. Definitely not about to put money on anyone. I also really think too much stock is being put on who comes in first in Iowa. It's true there's a lot of correlation between who comes in first in Iowa and who wins the nomination but that winning person who comes in first in Iowa generally does so with a lot more than a near tie in a three or four way race. There just isn't a lot of evidence that a situation like that results in a big bump moving that candidate's present standing in other states. Especially since the Democratic primary demographics have been moving away from Iowa. What Iowa (or maybe NH) will probably do is cull several of the candidates who don't get delegates. Klobuchar and Yang will probably need to place there to stay in.
The EV fleet at large is not going to be charging 80 KWh a night. The vast majority of people the vast majority of the time will be charging much less than that, and while they will tend to be connected to L2 outlets they don't really need to charge at 7+ KW all the time to meet their long term needs. Most of the big charging loads will come from L3 charging on the road which will happen much less frequently and semi-randomly enough to probably not form any really huge overall grid spikes. Maybe to some extent on weekends and holidays but demand tends to otherwise be down then. The best infrastructure for EVs would see two improvements vs today: much more opportunities to charge where you park and a loose ability to prioritize charging when it's more convenient for the grid. This is going to be helpful however the grid ends up being powered. With people generally not coming anywhere close to needing a full range every day there's a lot of buffer in state of charge to provide flexibility and people will take advantage of it if the price signals are there. Vehicle to grid and/or vehicle to home capabilities could be an added benefit.
Looks like waiting this long was one last way of screwing the GOP on his way out.
Man I doubt Phil Scott would even want to keep running if Bernie was his opponent.
I feel pretty strongly that there's basically no Democratic candidate who could do as badly against Trump as Mondale did against Reagan. Not that it really matters how big the margin is.
You can if you want but it's probably nothing I'm not aware of, and we probably disagree on just how harmful it is in practice. Political polarization is so much stronger than it was in 1984. And yeah seeing how we're basically talking about lefties refusing to vote for him I just don't see how that doesn't work in the primary, so at least Democrats must not generally feel it's as bad as you do or it'd be blowing up already.
So that GA-SEN special poll got me thinking. The conventional wisdom is that double barrel elections will generally go the same way, especially in a presidential election year and especially with such a politically polarized environment. But with the special almost guaranteed to go into runoff I wonder if that will apply as much, since the main races won't be happening at the same time. I can only imagine if this runoff ends up being what decides the senate majority, which an is entirely possible outcome. And coming off the heels of a presidential election that is sure to cause some strong reactions either way it goes. We could see absolutely insane levels of fundraising and canvassing on both sides.
Yes, it was what the guy you responded to said. Don't downvote me for it.
Without American casualties. It sounds like there have probably been Iraqi casualities. They are people too.
If you could find any reference to that please let me know, thanks.
Proponents of these conspiracy theories literally coming out with statements for this article saying that it doesn't matter if it's not actually true...
It's spelled with a G. Jerry Geters.
&gt; How many other developed countries dropped their emissions alongside the US last year? It's still too early for full year data for most countries, but Germany dropped [6.5%](https://www.nytimes.com/aponline/2020/01/07/business/bc-eu-germany-carbon-emissions.html). I expect a lot of other European countries will have seen substantial drops (including several that also had drops in 2018 unlike the US), especially Spain where electricity sector emissions were down [33.3%](https://elpais.com/elpais/2020/01/06/inenglish/1578314036_180989.html). Would also expect a drop in Japan. Maybe for Canada. It actually could well turn out that a majority of developed countries saw reductions.
How is it giving Democrats a win to relinquish a seat he was no longer capable of voting with? He probably would have been expelled anyway had he not resigned.
They use hardware rendering while DraStic uses software rendering, and there's some special work done to merge the hires 3D with the 2D. Not a lot of other systems have 3D + 2D hardware that works like on the DS so that introduces its own challenges. It could be done for other resolutions, it just needs some amount of specialized code for each resolution combo, and some changes to buffer sizes and what have you. But it wasn't ever much of a priority because you'd need a lot more CPU power to do even 3x3 smoothly. I did some work on a hardware renderer but aside from some inevitable accuracy issues there's a ton of extra work needed to integrate that with 2D and the ability DS games have to read the framebuffer, at least in a way that isn't super slow on a lot of devices.
It's confusing. It's basically looking at the midpoint in a range of outcomes between winning by small and large margins vs one between losing by small and large margins. So it's probably most accurate to say that the model gives Pete a 42% chance of winning nationally if he wins Iowa by some medium amount, probably at least several points ahead of the next candidate. If on the other hand Iowa results in Pete winning with just a few point spread between three or four candidates the model probably won't raise him to nearly as high as 42%. Honestly I wouldn't really read that much into it, I don't think these particular numbers are very useful or indicative of much.
She gets multiple challengers all the time and they never come within spitting distance of a competitive race. These days her approval rating among Democrats is higher than it was when she was minority leader. I think you're greatly overestimating how much she feels her own district is at risk, especially to voters to her right.
Can't really say for sure anyone will drop out. Like Jesse Jackson and Al Gore in 1988, they didn't get delegates in Iowa or New Hampshire but were in it for a while or even to the end, and did end up getting delegates in other states (even winning some), although their support was of course very non-uniform.
Alright, you're crazy.
This may be a stronger endorsement for Iowa than Finkenauer's. Loebsack is a long running and popular incumbent (ran way ahead of Hillary in 2016), could have some significant pull there.
It's actually kind of nice to see someone else express that. In the primaries there's this huge difference between winning a four way race with a 2 point spread and winning a two way race by 20 points, both in terms of actual delegate count and in how it could affect public perception. Bernie's performance in 2016 is a perfect example of how a near tie in Iowa (plus a big win in New Hampshire) can still lead to a pretty big loss. It seems like some people actually think that if Bernie performed those few tenths of a point better in Iowa it would have drastically altered the course of the primaries, which is pretty insane.
Remember how his DoJ asked the courts to strike down the ACA as a consequence of removing the individual mandate?
Don't think Castro does anything. He probably determined that Warren was the only one who had any real interest in making him VP anyway.
In a many way primary it really doesn't take a lot to cause a rank reshuffle of that order.
Or at least it's how you end up gaining any level of corruption.
&gt; Mar a Lago was billed initially as "The Winter White House" as it's intent when gifted to the federal government- later bought by Trump The government *hoped* it could become a "Winter White House" then sold it off when it became clear that was making no economic sense. Kind of a big vote against using it like that now.
It was sold because it was an expensive to maintain property that the government wasn't allocating enough money for. The president using it more wouldn't have changed that. Sorry but I find the idea that Trump is spending so much time there because the government once thought it could be a good destination spot for the president to be incredibly hard to swallow. He's spending so much time there because it's his property.
Got to hand it to you, "the Democrats will make the country worse than North Korea and cause my death" isn't one I've heard before. Makes Trump's claims that the GDP will go below zero almost look quaint.
My comment was literally in response to the text books writing about Solyndra, a loan guarantee for a similar purpose that ended in the same way but lost one twentieth the amount. Did you just start reading in the middle of the thread or something?
Oh well you've talked to people about it, guess that's really taken the pulse of the country. As far as I'm concerned as long as there's anyone at all who doesn't know what's going on or is otherwise open to the argument for it, and so long as *you care* it's worth talking about. And while I'm not saying you don't care I've seen in this thread where you say flat out that the media shouldn't be talking about it because people don't care. My own political views over the years have changed largely because I started hearing about and looking for things I wasn't aware of and wasn't engaging with previously. Sometimes one spark can get someone's attention.
I know others will disagree but I don't think we should use the military to execute criminals except as necessary to prevent violence that would be otherwise unavoidable. An attempt should be made to detain the person and formally charge them. Or at least the possibility should first be ruled out. If they don't surrender they should reasonably be considered an active threat that should be met with lethal force. I actually don't know what the approach was with Soleimani. Apparently he was in Iraq illegally so Iraqi law enforcement would have had an interest in working with us to detain him. That possibility may well have been ruled out deeming the drone strike a necessary action to prevent an imminent threat. But all of the talk about how he had it coming and Iraq's lack of involvement doesn't fill me with complete confidence.
If arrest is possible it should be done not for publicity points but because of our constitutional requirement (and in my opinion, ethical imperative) towards due process.
&gt; when Bernie supporters stop freaking out Over this or in general?
Just saying, the evidence was pretty clear in 2016 that Russia was doing hacks (among other things) to help Trump. But that revelation didn't seem to hurt Trump any because people either easily accepted counter-narratives pinning it on someone else or they just didn't care. No reason to think that wouldn't happen again in 2020 and no reason for Russia to not keep doing it.
Plus what if they sprinkle in a few alterations in the e-mails to make them look worse, then let third parties comb through a bunch of nothing to find them? Then what, Burisma hands their e-mails over to a trusted independent third party who can verify that the e-mails were altered? Good luck with that, especially if this drop happens in October. You'd better hope the hackers left visible forensic evidence of tampering.
It's usually not very hard to take an e-mail out of context and misrepresent what it's saying in order to rile up a base that isn't really familiar with the the fine workings of the organization and their standard rules or procedures. Especially when that audience is heavily predisposed against that organization and really wants the narrative to be accurate. See "Climategate"
I skipped out on the last two debates (and read commentary and highlights afterwards) because what everyone was saying had already been so damn repetitive. At this point I'm mostly just interested to get a last look at how they're coming off before Iowa and getting to enjoy a stage with a few fewer people.
That's fair, I didn't get that context. I still wouldn't exactly consider cyber warfare exactly akin to actual conventional warfare and being hawkish. It's more like what Russia's doing to begin with, although I could see an escalating "cyber war" as having its own ugly outcomes.
It was stated to be about pundits and politics followers (ie, people on this sub more or less) and definitely seemed to be used it to denounce concerns that a lot of people in this thread share. That and frankly I've never seen a mod reprimand the many accusations of people here having "Trump Derangement Syndrome." To the point where this was asked about in the State of the Subreddit Address thread and kind of brushed off.
Something about this really rubs me the wrong way. Feels like deceiving your parents and treating them like children. I'd hate to view a parent that way, if it really came to that I'd probably prefer to not interact with them at all. Then again, I pay for my mom's cable and agreed to pay the extra for Fox (which I really fucking loathe) because she really wants it, so I'm probably kind of a sap.
Okay that was pretty funny.
This so much. On the bright side at least we don't get Bloomberg.
Starting to feel like if Pete doesn't win the nomination my biggest regret will be him not getting to debate Trump.
&gt; I will say Bernie was supported by Gloria Steinem because of his support for women. When did this happen? She backed Hillary Clinton in 2016 and I'm not aware that she's come out for Bernie now.
Really think Bloomberg is maxing out the "I dunno.. oh hey, what about that guy with all the commercials" vote.
He literally called those staffers who reported it liars. How do you walk that back as "oh maybe I forgot"?
I think there's room for distinction between a talking point one of the candidates wants and a talking point the debate should have.
Yeah I was all ready to cheer Pete for getting his first endorsement from a former candidate..
Or, alternatively, Warren misunderstood/misinterpreted/misheard Bernie, or Bernie somehow misspoke and came off to be saying something he didn't intend to. There are a lot of possibilities beyond someone lying or an old man forgetting he said something that he also opposes. This is not a rape case, there's a lot of possible room for legitimate misunderstanding. I know I've personally had the wrong takeaway from something someone said before, and realized that either after they clarified it or someone else provided more context or even after I just reread it. The point about the sources being indirect is that they are reporting on Warren's interpretation of the event and not their own. You yourself said that Bernie could have said something along the lines of "in regards to the electoral college a woman will have greater difficulty than a man in defeating trump." Maybe that sounds like "a woman can't win" to you, maybe in context it sounded like that to Warren, but to me that sounds like significantly different thing.
I don't understand how her telling people immediately afterwards has anything to do with what I'm saying? I never said Warren misremembered anything. If someone on her side were actually lying (and I'm not saying anyone is) it'd be more likely that her campaign (where the reports are coming from) concocted the entire thing now and the staffers were lying about ever being told about it in the first place. Although I really think that's also unlikely, and definitely not something I want to accuse anyone of without evidence.
Collins moping over more evidence for her to ignore.
Of course it's wrong to say a woman can't win. Hillary came within a hair's breadth of doing so and would have had the wind blown a little differently. I don't see how anyone possibly goes from that point to calling a win impossible no matter their reasoning. And no one would argue that she was a once in a century caliber candidate, least of all the guy who ran against her in the primary.
So did Al Gore. Then he became vice president and next time he ran he won the nomination.
Presidents have been frequently known to oppose this law but none tried taking it up with the courts, further suggesting that this interpretation that it's unconstitutuional is novel at best (but also probably not good) EDIT: Just adding to what the poster above was saying people, geez...
There can't be multiple versions of a constitutional amendment that a state can ratify.
Impoundment involves making the funds unavailable for obligation and has specific requirements around it (must submit rationale to congress, can't exceed 45 session days if congress doesn't address with new legislation) The impoundment although released mid September did actually leave agencies with insufficient time to spend all the money (so it wasn't all obligated), requiring congress to pass another appropriation. If Obama knowingly violated a law to flout power over congress then impeachment would be a fair argument for him too.
Every single senator has a vested political interest in the outcome of this trial. It's an unavoidable consequence of our political systems.
Recusing themselves could also hurt their primary standing.
&gt; a rationalisation which the 17th amendment destroyed. Let's be real though, the senate was already going to be another highly partisan chamber subject to public pressure regardless. A majority of state legislatures were already holding popular votes to determine their senate appointments anyway. But I shudder to think of what the senate would be like now if it were our state legislatures actually were making the picks directly. The idea that *those* guys locked in with their gerrymanders are more above the partisan fray is hard to swallow.
How do you figure?
Probably not.
&gt; He discussed how solar farms killing mass amounts of birds due to birds being burnt flying over them and the land you need to make that uprooted animals to be moved is a down side. That happened with one CSP plant that was being used wrong. Virtually none of the solar being built in the US is CSP, it's a very different thing from the solar panels you see in solar farms. Shellenberger makes a lot of other similarly misleading points representing solar with ultra-minority technologies, exaggerated or out of date figures, or inappropriate comparisons. He's also a luke-warmer now, seemingly arguing that climate change isn't that big of a deal for human society. And has at some point started defending nuclear weaponry...
I get the value in where he's coming from but I think this is too broad of an application of the rhetoric. Aside from the two-ish (one and a half?) Democrats pitching single payer everyone else is pitching a public option. The "choice" in this case that the latter group is arguing for is between current insurance and a medicare-like option that's ostensibly like what the single payer side wants to be the standard. It's not exactly promoting some idea of choice being offered within the existing system. Of course if forced to choose between the two the insurance industry would prefer the public option where they at least remain in the game, but they can't be super thrilled about it either.
&gt; Shipping represents a huge portion of the globe's carbon emissions. Ocean-going ships [contribute](https://eu.oceana.org/en/shipping-pollution-1) to three percent of global emissions. Not at all insignificant but not a huge change for the overall argument. As far as cost goes they're an even bigger uphill battle than traditional reactors which need 1GW+ economies of scale to even be competitive and that still isn't enough for new builds. But I'm all for this transition if it becomes what makes the most sense with intense carbon pricing, we just have to collectively accept the costs of much more expensive shipping. We'll have to see it compares to combinations of synthetic fuel/bio fuel/hydrogen/partial battery supply/on-ship wind energy. EDIT: Maybe more like 3.5-4% of emissions now.
[These](https://daily.jstor.org/wind-power-returns-to-the-shipping-industry/) are the sort of ship turbines I'm referring to. They actually are providing a net energy benefit, although you can't run the whole thing on it. Hydrogen would probably need to be liquid/cryogenic to work for very long haul shipping (as well as aviation). Synthetic hydrocarbon fuel would involve synthesis of hydrogen with some CO2 source, possibly even from direct air capture. Of course these things or any other electrification strategy need a clean grid behind it, but I consider these things to be fundamentally energy storage technologies.
Yeah I linked to another more recent article on wind boat technology that estimates 3.5-4%. A little higher now but nothing dramatic (unfortunately the emissions total has also gone up considerably during that timeframe)
"But you did not persuade me, Nicholas. You did not persuade me!" (not sure if anyone will get that one)
There was actually a bill going to apply instant runoff for candidates below the threshold but the NH legislature shelved it for some reason.
&gt; Generally you can expect the President to go up 3-5% from now to the election. What is this based on? My impression from 538's historical polling acerages is that it's much more typical for the incumbent's net margin over their challenger to go down. This could well be because their opponent isn't yet well known.
You can't do a fair analysis assuming 0 KWh/KW embedded energy for FC stacks and electrolyzers.
The House passed a different funding bill than the Senate's including wall funding to appease Trump, which kicked off the government shutdown.
The only source I could find is [this](https://www.researchgate.net/publication/275056722_Hydrogen_or_batteries_for_grid_storage_A_net_energy_analysis): &gt; We assume a fuel cell stack lifetime of 10 000 h (tFC=3.6 107), which is a lower bound for commercially available PEM fuel cell stacks. For the energy intensity of the PEM fuel cell stack, we critically reviewed the PEMFC life-cycle analysis literature to determine a value of 5.7 MJprim/MWel (see ESI). To convert from primary to electrical energy, we multiply by Zgrid = 0.30 to obtain FC,stack = 1.7 (MJ)el/(MW)el. For the energy intensity of the fuelcell balance of system, we add the same value, or FC,BOS = 1.7 (MJ)el/(MW)el For FCEVs we're looking at ballpark ~100KW, while for BEVs it'll vary a lot depending on range (average maybe 50 KWh?)
And the cause of the change.
Maybe a better question is why he's one of Trump's lawyers for the impeachment defense. I mean we all know it's because he's had a public profile defending Trump on Fox for years but maybe that shouldn't be the main criteria.
At the very minimum if he didn't commit sexual abuse himself he was at least a driving force in helping Epstein pretty much get away with sexual abuse.
This position is terrible and yet again undermines Dershowitz's credibility, but just generally I can't understand why Trump's defense attorney would even be talking about what he should do if he's convicted when they're supposed to be arguing for his acquittal (which everyone knows they've got in the bag anyway)
Part of the reason why Nunes did so much worse in 2018 than in 2016 is because he was perceived as more of a moderate then and like a lot of other California Republicans he benefited from more of a separation from Trump and his impending presidency. His exceptional defense of Trump compared to most other CA Republicans and the controversial reports on his background has not helped. With his role in the impeachment hearings and these new revelations this will only get worse for him. Compared to Nunes who won his district by 35.2 points in 2016 Trump only won it by 9.5 points. CA-22 is a fairly young, heavily hispanic majority minority district that has a fair bit of suburbia. Not demographics that are really shifting to Republicans in CA. At the very least I doubt Nunes does noticeably better than Trump and it's entirely possible that he does worse. Trump is probably still a good favorite to win the district again but I wouldn't consider it anywhere close to a lock. With CA's presidential primary happening at the same time as the congressional jungle primaries and being on Super Tuesday it's possible that Democratic turnout is a lot higher than usual. If that happens to get split evenly between two Democrats in CA-22 and Nunes faces a bunch of Republican competitors it could even result in Republicans getting locked out in the district. I would hardly expect it but it's at least plausible.
Have to say in spite of that though this sub comes pretty close if unintentionally. I'd wager the plurality of posters and views are coming from closer to the moderate side than the extremes on either side.
It looks like Kennedy was able to whip up a lot of support from his fellow House caucus members but Markey's endorsements are nothing to sneeze at. Kennedy currently has 18 reps and 1 senator vs Markey's 7 reps and 7 senators. I could see this resulting in Markey getting more senators backing him, who individually hold a bit more weight. Markey also has an enormous raft of support from state legislators, endorsements from like hundreds of them. Interestingly Kennedy got an endorsement from Bill Weld of all people.
Maybe for the general they'll endorse both the Democrat and Trump because by golly, they can't just ignore how divided voters are between those two political ideologies.
I'm okay with people successfully following their family members into politics. What I'm not okay with is people acting like their family name is what makes them entitled to political positions. It's pretty much unheard of for a congressman to primary an uncontroversial senator. If someone does this I really want to see a clear expression of what their problem is with that senator and that's something I don't feel like we're getting with Kennedy. I really get the impression that he'd be running this primary without any regard of who the incumbent is or what they stand for because he simply thinks he should be senator and the current guy is in his way. It reeks of entitlement and it's hard to overlook his family name when it's no one else doing something like this.
2 miles/KWh is indefensible even for an SUV. Audi's latest ICE luxury SUVs also have awful fuel economy but it's really unfortunate seeing this deficiency follow into BEVs where battery capacity comes at a premium.
You simply don't endorse someone polling in 7th place if you actually want your endorsement to actually affect anything even very slightly. But you also don't endorse two people so I digress.
Today sodium, magnesium, potassium and calicium are economically extracted from seawater in some capacity. It's possible that in the future that could extend to lithium and/or uranium depending on demand trends. For everything else it's unlikely that the high energy and other costs could ever make it preferable to mining. You can read more in [this](https://www.researchgate.net/publication/43336400_Extracting_Minerals_from_Seawater_An_Energy_Analysis) paper. I'd wager that the principal element in this cathode is one (or more) of those four currently extracted.
At this rate over half of their entire caucus will be abandoning their seats.
Do term limits mean nothing to you?
&gt; Clinton was accused of pressuring employees into performing sex acts on him and then promoting those that complied. He wasn't accused of pressuring employees for sex acts, there was evidence that Lewinsky pursued the sexual relationship. Senate Democrats (and some Republicans) didn't declare innocence of committing a crime but of committing a high crime and/or misdemeanor, there's a distinction.
I really don't know what you think I'm ignorant of. Clinton was not impeached for lying about pressuring employees for sex, any accusations from when he was governor of Arkansas were not germane to the articles of impeachment that the House passed. If you have a source showing that Lewinski accused Clinton of pressuring other female employees into performing sex acts I'd like to see it. No there wasn't wasn't a "high crime and misdemeanor" article, I didn't say that, I'm saying that constitutionally impeachment is done in response to high crimes and misdemeanors (of which bribery and treason are listed as specific examples). Senate Democrats were by and large not denying that Clinton committed perjury or impeded the investigation into his affair, the position was that these were not high crimes or misdemeanors. I don't know what "declaring him guilty but voting not to remove him" even means, there is no "guilty but don't remove" vote. Democrats *did* generally support a censure vote which I suppose would be the closest thing they could do. An impeachment trial doesn't work at all like a criminal trial where there's a verdict and a sentence, the only "sentences" the Senate can apply is removal and prohibiting reelection and that's what they vote on.
We knew everything she had to say because she'd already been recorded saying it in deposition. With regard to useful witnesses like Bolton, Pompeo or Mulvaney there's no deposition and we don't know anything they have to say and there's no recordings to show at the trial.
Oceanic and atmospheric CO2 are in rough equilibrium, removing CO2 from one will cause the gap to be partially filled by CO2 from the other, so both ultimately go down.
This is a clever move for Trump that lets him do something positive for climate change mitigation without explicitly conceding that he is. People who acknowledge anthopogenic greenhouse gas emissions as the driver of climate change will champion the move for carbon sequestration. People who scoff at the notion (which often included Trump himself) can instead appreciate it as a gesture to restore the beauty of nature. Reforestation and aforestation have long been important parts of long term climate mitigation strategy, and is a major area in the IPCC reports for example. It's not a solitary solution but it's one of potentially many useful tools. I'm very interested to see what kind of actual policies the Trump administration will draft and what capacity the federal government will have to enact this. I'm assuming that federally owned lands will be the first targets for planting and there will be direct budgeting requests under one of the existing agencies (National Park Service perhaps?) to manage the tree planting program. Maybe there could also be tax incentives to get states and private land owners on board?
You might want to take a look at their post history.
The only person who I could see even entertaining voting against Trump for political expediency is Collins. In any other state that will be much more likely to result in them getting primaried than saving them in the general election. Especially for senators like Ernst, McSally or Tillis who are on their first term. In theory it could be better for Gardner but he's probably screwed regardless and is better off not pissing off his Republican connections for the future. And it's not like any of these senators have gone against Trump in any meaningful way thus far. There's also the precedent of no Republicans defecting in the House (including for procedural votes), even Brian Fitzpatrick who is running for reelection in a Clinton district and has otherwise had a very moderate voting record this session. The one guy who had the balls to do it also had to leave the party.
Those are fair points, but I think there's a lot of possible space between "not a lot of senators are strongly aligned with him" and "no senator likes him." At the very least he had Merkley's endorsement in 2016 and Leahy's now. Others are at least willing to call him his friend in public. As far as congress in general goes he's been getting more endorsements from the House's furthest left flank than anyone else running, even if that still only amounts to six people.
The Paris climate accords doesn't really dictate anything resembling hard requirements on what developed countries have to provide for their NDCs or contributions to the GCF. Nothing was stopping Trump from pulling Obama's GCF pledges while keeping our NDCs. Demanding stronger NDCs from any other particular country is pointless and it's hard to see how we can use the threat of putting our own NDCs at zero as leverage to try to make that happen. At it's core the accords is basically saying "our country acknowledges greenhouse gas emissions are a real problem that need to be addressed, here is what we plan to start doing about it and we're going to report on our adherence so everyone can at least get some measure of how everyone is doing and where countries need to be doing more" I think the real reason why Trump left the accords is because he didn't like the Obama policies that were behind the NDCs and I guess thought it'd look better if he called the whole process unfair rather than come up with alternative NDCs. Or maybe because he didn't like the US acknowledging definitively that humans activity plays the driving role in the climate change we're experiencing because that's counter to a big chunk of what the party narrative has been and that really pisses off a lot of conservatives.
I think if you did a full analysis on how much energy you need to get CO2 into a tree vs using a currently designed solar powered direct air capture process and pumping the CO2 into the ground the latter would probably come out significantly ahead. For one thing photosynthesis really isn't that efficient compared to solar power (~3-6% vs upwards of 20+%), plants use a lot more of its energy on stuff other than "storing" carbon and CO2 has a lot higher binding energy than plant carbohydrates, so a lot more energy is spent reassembling it into a solid form vs keeping it as CO2. However none of that says a whole lot about actual costs. The artificial process requires much more in the way of active human labor and supply chains utilizing materials and manufacturing that all has to come from somewhere. With the tree nature does the vast, vast majority of the work for you. But for what it's worth people are talking about doing this as well.
No, but AFAIK there's only been that one Gravis poll from several months ago. Not sure why Maine isn't being more hotly polled.
Gottheimer is in a much less safe seat where he needs to spend more on the general election.
Just like the Republicans got rid of Alabama governor Kay Ivey after she admitted to having done blackface? How is it I only ever hear about Northam and not her?
Shown alongside a clip of him saying the tax reform bill was going to cost him a fortune.
You left out 1998 where Democrats gained a net of 5 house seats (senate balance stayed the same). People generally say that this was caused by a backlash to the then ongoing Clinton impeachment investigation. But I think it really came down to Clinton's already high popularity and Republicans squandering their negative campaigning opportunities by focusing too heavily on an issue people didn't care about. Something to keep in mind about these elections is that the number of seats that flip is always going to be relative to previous outcomes. If one party enters with 70% of the seats then everything else equal they'll be a lot more vulnerable to losing seats than if they entered with 30%. In the case of 1998 there was still some mean reversion happening in the wake of the massive wins Republicans had in 1994 when Clinton was a lot less popular, and in both 1996 and 1998 Democrats were reclaiming some seats where they'd been traditionally favored.
Sounds like they're throwing out the baby with the bath water. There are legitimate issues with party control over party lists but single member FPTP districts are probably going to be even less likely to elect independents, especially if it's the dominant parties that end up determining the district lines. Instead they could switch to a single transferable vote system and keep proportional representation.
&gt; the three Mexican countries I assume there's a joke here I'm not getting.
I could understand sincerely believing that, hell I could understand him being justified in thinking that. I just can't understand how he thinks he's going to get enough actual primary voters to believe that.
Candidates are going to have to at least be winning delegates to increase the odds of a brokered convention, and I think most of the people currently running will get none or very few. If they really want to help spoil a majority winner it would make more sense for most of them to drop out and try to consolidate their support behind some other candidate who can at least consistently cross the 15% threshold.
Interesting. This is what you had to say about Trump's sexual proclivities: &gt; You don’t get it, every straight man in his situation would do what he’s done if they were as wealthy as he is. It’s inevitable, expected and completely excusable. The only reason you are saying otherwise is because you aren’t being honest, aren’t as rich as President Trump and seem to be quite jealous of him LOL. Maybe MLK would have been less of a piece of shit if he were wealthy..?
&gt; "I did have one woman yell at me, telling me that I should let Cory Gardner know that his phone number is wrong. She didn't believe she dialed wrong." Like even if Cory Gardner actually is listing the wrong number somewhere how is that this lady's fault and why is she supposed to be the one to tell Gardner about it? Poor woman may end up having to change her number... But at least she isn't getting mistweeted at by [Trump](https://www.thedailybeast.com/donald-trump-rage-tweets-at-soccer-star-megan-rapinoebut-tags-wrong-person) or named Hunter Duncan.
Okay, so your actual position is that non-wealthy person who cheats on their wife is a massive piece of shit whose legacy on anything else is fraudulent, while wealthy person who cheats on their wife is fine. Just wanted some clarity there, thanks.
&gt; then returned millions to fund the DNC What on earth are you talking about? The sum total of [donations](https://www.opensecrets.org/news/2011/09/solar-company-solyndra-rising-star/) made by Solyndra *employees* (NOT the company, individuals who can donate to whomever they want within the finance limits) was $2800 to the Obama campaign and $2150 to the DNC. Along with various other Democrats and Republicans, adding up to a paltry $22,800. Solyndra was simply a bad energy bet among a bunch of other governments energy bets with varying results. Part of it was due to poor management and misdirection on the company's part, but ultimately it didn't really matter because the technology never would have been able to compete with the crashing prices of silicon PV. It's not really that different from the bad bet the government made on VC Summer that lost way more taxpayer money. Except you don't hear conservatives griping about those nearly so much. Maybe because while that was also an Obama administration loan guarantee Trump followed suit with a new one for Vogtle 3/4.
I don't believe for a minute that anyone would point to Bangladesh when asked to point to Ukraine, unless they were literally picking a place completely at random and just happened to land there. Much more likely that Pompeo meant something else by that statement or he's full of shit.
There's more to candidates than being basically Hillary or basically Bernie. Especially when it comes to marginal voters.
This is a fuel cell system, but using Zn/ZnO instead of H2/H2O like in hydrogen fuel cell systems. ZnO can be broken down with electrolysis (called "electrowinning" in this application, normally part of smelting) but it also involves added chemical reaction stages with other compounds. I was looking for more information about efficiencies of these electrowinning processes and found [this](https://upcommons.upc.edu/bitstream/handle/2099.1/14452/Special%20Project%20Jorge%20Romero.pdf?sequence=1) paper exploring ZAFC (Zinc-air fuel cell) systems for cars. It's from 2011 so it could be a bit out of date. Figure 9 gives a summary of efficiency, but it's including losses from electricity generation and distribution used as input to the Zn generation. If you just look at the final two steps (breaking apart and reforming the ZnO) you get round trip efficiencies of 63% and 67.5% for the two listed methods respectively. This is modeled with large scale centralized plants in mind for generating the Zn. While it's possible that the Zinc8 solution has better efficiency by virtue of being newer it's also possible that the efficiency suffers by the limited economy of scale.
I have an especially hard time understanding how it applies to a conservative taking a position that's broadly out of alignment with other conservatives and who has to regularly eat shit over it.
&gt; A 100kw Tesla battery has roughly 26.6 kg of cobalt in it. That figure of 0.266 kg/KWh appears out of date. From [this](https://escholarship.org/uc/item/3tr9v1wc) 2017 paper Cobalt kg/KWh is at 0.143 kg/KWh (table 1). NMC 811 is at 0.094 kg/KWh, or 0.086 kg/KWh going by [this](https://www.mckinsey.com/~/media/mckinsey/industries/metals%20and%20mining/our%20insights/lithium%20and%20cobalt%20a%20tale%20of%20two%20commodities/lithium-and-cobalt-a-tale-of-two-commodities.ashx) source (bottom of page 3) Tesla claims a continuously decreasing amount of cobalt in their NCA chemistry and in 2018 Elon Musk even [said](https://www.benchmarkminerals.com/panasonic-reduces-teslas-cobalt-consumption-by-60-in-6-years/) that they're below NMC 811. I expect NMC 811 to become the standard outside of Tesla's NCA eventually, and beyond that there's already talk about NMC 9.5.5 which would bring another dramatic reduction in cobalt and manganese requirements, along with a modest reduction in lithium and modest increase in nickel. I also don't think we should use 100 KWh/vehicle as the benchmark average, that's only offered on some of the very highest end EVs. I'd expect the average to be closer to 50 KWh, or less if PHEVs see a resurgence for a while.
I did read those projections in that paper, but I just honestly have a *really* hard time understanding where they're coming from with it, especially since that number is only for NMC and doesn't include anything for NMC 532 which is actually more or less the current standard for NMC in EVs. Contrast that with the projections [here](https://www.minersoc.org/wp-content/uploads/2019/05/3ICM-Merriman.pdf) on slide 12, that show the lower cobalt NMC and NCA chemistries increasing in penetration very quickly, with very little NMC 111 by 2025. It also shows a big increase in penetration for LFP which doesn't have any Cobalt, Nickel, or Manganese (but does have Lithium of course). The graph on page 16 also reinforces what Elon claims, showing the 3% flavor of NCA (he's specifically said 3% before) using much less Co than NMC 811. I agree that SUVs with 300 miles of tow range will need enormous batteries, I simply don't think that will be the standard for a whole lot of people worldwide. Maybe to some degree in the US and Canada but not in Europe, Japan, China, India, etc. I did also want to comment that the USGS reserve figures should not be treated as an attempt to form a hard limit. Appendix C in the [USGS summary report](http://prd-wret.s3-us-west-2.amazonaws.com/assets/palladium/production/atoms/files/mcs2019_all.pdf) provides a definition and an interesting example involving the change of copper reserves over time: &gt; Reserves data are dynamic. They may be reduced as ore is mined and (or) the feasibility of extraction diminishes, or more commonly, they may continue to increase as additional deposits (known or recently discovered) are developed, or currently exploited deposits are more thoroughly explored and (or) new technology or economic variables improve their economic feasibility. Reserves may be considered a working inventory of mining companies’ supplies of an economically extractable mineral commodity. As such, the magnitude of that inventory is necessarily limited by many considerations, including cost of drilling, taxes, price of the mineral commodity being mined, and the demand for it. Reserves will be developed to the point of business needs and geologic limitations of economic ore grade and tonnage. For example, in 1970, identified and undiscovered world copper resources were estimated to contain 1.6 billion metric tons of copper, with reserves of about 280 million tons of copper. Since then, almost 540 million tons of copper have beenproduced worldwide, but world copper reserves in 2018 were estimated to be 830 million tons of copper, almost triple those of 1970, despite the depletion by mining of more than the original estimated reserves. Now I wouldn't say for sure that the number is going to go up by a lot or even at all, but if you look at the 2000 reports for Cobalt and Lithium and compare them with the 2019 ones you'll see a decent increase (note they dropped "reserve base" which was reserves that were identified but not currently economically recoverable) That all said, I do want to make it clear that I'm not trying to brush off all concern about material scarcity for batteries. I'm really pretty concerned about it too, just not quite as concerned as I used to be (and maybe not quite as concerned as you are)
If Utah Republicans really had a zero tolerance policy on Romney being anti-Trump (which he's basically been since always) he wouldn't have won the 2018 Republican senate primary by 42.5 points to begin with.
By all means help Susan Collins get primaried, maybe you can get Paul LePage the nomination. The Democratic party sends its thanks.
&gt; “The DCCC’s failure to understand the shifting progressive electorate is costing the party.” Zephyr Teachout was quoted saying, “Their strategy is stupid in the first place and bad for democracy, but then it’s really stupid because they have 26-year-olds sitting around who don’t know anything about the real world deciding which candidates should win.” This is a rather audacious position given that Teachout [endorsed](https://twitter.com/zephyrteachout/status/1002197368073277440?lang=en) AOC who was all of 28 years old at the time.
I'm not normally one to defend Lindsey Graham but I think he's saying that Bolton is a witness Democrats want, not that he's a Democrat. It's still unfortunate to say the least that the "sides" in the trial are viewed as partisan de facto (especially when some Republicans are also now showing interest in Bolton's testimony) And it's up there with Graham demanding that Bidens testify in exchange for Bolton. He's pretty openly treating the witnesses as a trade for partisan PR damage instead of evaluating them on their actual pertinence.
Teachout takes issue with 26 year old DCCC workers who were (quite successfully) backing moderates, not people backing AOC.
I would argue there's been pretty significant and relevant political backlash to US foreign aggression among both Republicans and Democrats. Trump ran tarring both Obama and Bush to good success, and Hillary's foreign policy positions as Obama's secretary of state probably didn't help her any among some would be Democratic voters. But Obama and Bush never enjoyed the exact sort of extreme cult of personality Trump does, where practically every Republican running for office is tripping over themselves to proclaim how much they revere him. It'll be interesting to see if Republicans running for president years from now are anything as hostile towards Trump as Trump was towards Bush.
Current US policy is to be the "cool" uncle that lets you drink alcohol and forces your parents to be the bad guys about it.
&gt; This is the best deal they have ever been offered Not exactly... &gt; In Prime Minister Olmert's own proposal, Israel would annex 6.3% of the West Bank. The land in Olmert's map included the four settlements of Gush Etzion (with Efrat), Ma'ale Adumim, Giv'at Ze'ev, and Ariel, in addition to all settlements in East Jerusalem (Har Homa). In exchange for those concessions by the Palestinian Authority, Olmert offered 5.8% of Israeli land as part of the swap. The land offered consisted of lightly populated farmland, which would be divided between the Gaza Strip and the West Bank. Too bad Olmert was on his way out and his successor wasn't interested.
I also felt like the moderators treated her the best in the last debate.
That means they'd consider Trump losing a given. Will people really feel that way after 2016?
None of the raters have had the guts to move it past tossup yet. Not even Inside Elections who does tilts.
Yes it's kind of an outlier but there really a strong signal in the rankings for this many way race. It's been really fluid and uncertain and small perturbances cause what look like huge outliers.
Doesn't mean that it's remotely practical or low risk for anyone to modify the ballot.
Sure and a criminal could murder someone to stop them from placing what they know will be a vote they don't want. Or something a little less dire like buying their vote. Do these prospects keep you up at night? In practice this sort of thing seems to happen very infrequently because people recognize how extreme the risk is vs how menial the reward is.
Note that only some states allow casting provisional ballots out of district to begin with (and it would look like Arizona was not one of them as per this law) From [this](https://www.eac.gov/sites/default/files/eac_assets/1/6/EMG_chapt_16_august_26_2010.pdf) EAC document: &gt; Although HAVA requires that voters attest to their eligibility to vote within a jurisdiction, it is left to the State laws to outline the meaning of “jurisdiction.” In some States, a voter may cast a provisional ballot in any precinct in the State, regardless of the locality in which the individual is registered, and have that provisional ballot counted, assuming the voter meets all other eligibility requirements. These States authorize local election officials to count the votes on the portion of the ballot that the provisional voter would have been eligible to vote had he or she cast a ballot in the home precinct. In other States, for the provisional ballot to count, a voter must cast a provisional ballot in the precinct in which he or she is eligible to vote. The provisional ballot coming from out of district is treated the same as ballots cast in the district, I think it's pretty safe to assume that they're checked against the books in the same fashion. Provisionals are given to people who request absentee ballots then don't send them in and vote in person instead. The potential exists for both the provisional and the absentee ballot to arrive so it's also important for duplicates to be prevented in this case. Since federal law requires that voters can check the status of their provisional vote it's a given that it's being tracked anyway, I'm sure a duplicate would be flagged if it somehow made it that far.
The requirement of the HAVA database should guarantee that duplicates are noticed, I guess you're asking what prevents the election board from properly acting on the flags which I would consider basically tantamount to some kind of vote tampering since they can't fulfill the legal requirement of tracking multiples votes tied to a single person.
I doubt his testimony is going to change how any of the senators of the vote, although I'll be happy to be proven wrong. I see more potential significance in its public impact, and I think that's also why Republican leadership doesn't want this testimony to happen. If it's behind closed doors there won't really be a public impact at all. It'll probably just result in Democratic senators publicly claiming it was incriminating and Republican senators publicly claiming it was exonerating. With no possibility for anyone really being held accountable. So yeah if a private testimony is what's on the table I could see team Trump not viewing it as much of a loss anymore. Especially if they end up getting Hunter Biden to publicly testify in return.
Perhaps, but I think these questions of motive really need to be pass the test of what a "reasonable person" would do in the situation. Like if you shoot someone you won't be charged with murder if it was done in self defense. You could even escape charges if you weren't actually legitimately endangered but had a reasonable reason to believe you were. But the onus will be on your defense to convince the court of this. And if your defense is that sure, maybe you really wanted the guy dead, but you also thought he was wearing a bomb vest and no I can't give any reasonable indication whatsoever to show why I would have thought that it's probably not going to fly. I think Trump's defense really needs to demonstrate convincingly why he thought it was in America's best interest for Ukraine's aid to be contingent on announcing an investigation into why Biden pushed them to fire Shokin. Same thing with the investigation into Crowdstrike. And this has to fit with the established prevailing view by the State department that both of these positions were nonsense, so it needs to be established why he didn't consult with State on integrally State matters, or why he did and knowingly disregarded them. And I really don't think they've done that. The best defense I've seen (like from Ben Shaphiro) is that Trump is a sucker for any ridiculous Russian or 4chan driven conspiracy theory that just happens to play to what he wants to be true. And I don't find that terribly compelling either. What I've *mostly* seen is "you can't prove his motive wasn't good" which just isn't good enough. I mean you can't really *prove* that someone didn't have some freak break from reality where they suddenly thought they were playing an arcade game when they shot someone. But that's not a good enough standard. Now if you're going to argue that the president is not a reasonable person (insanity plea, basically) that's a whole different ball of wax.
Fair enough. I can see why some of the party leaders wouldn't want to weigh in on the primary while it's competitive.
Putting aside special elections (which I'm not sure would be scheduled for the same runoff date) I'm trying to figure out what the specific downballot races could be. State elections have a different runoff date (December 1, 2020) so the January 5, 2021 date only applies to federal elections and I don't think that can include presidential given the timing. Apparently Georgia ballot access laws make it really hard for third parties to run in House elections, which has caused none to run since 1943. So unless the laws change I think runoffs there can be ruled out? That only leaves the other Senate race. That could indeed go to runoff like it did in 2008. Not sure if that technically counts as downballot though. Sideballot?
Has Bolton actually ever identified the Ukraine aid impoundment as the reason for his resignation? He's reported to have had a raft of [complaints](https://www.cnn.com/2019/09/18/politics/john-bolton-donald-trump-event/index.html) about Trump's foreign policy at a closed door meeting but Ukraine isn't mentioned. Given the timing it would seem that it was Trump's plan to invite the Taliban for negotiations at Camp David on September 11 was what pushed him over the edge.
It's weird that you see space for moderates in one party but only "modern Democrats" in the other, whatever that means. There are lots of moderate Democrats in the House that have public platforms similar to what Van Drew ran on. But as far as Van Drew's actual voting record went he was much closer to the median for the Democratic caucus than the Republican's. And one thing that he certainly did not run on in 2018 was his pledge for "undying support" for Trump. Just a few weeks before he switched parties he was telling constituents that he thought Trump deserved to lose in 2020. He very explicitly and rapidly changed his tune on that one. Amash on the other hand hasn't changed his position on anything that I'm aware of.
What does Hunter Biden going to Ukraine in 2013 have to do with Joe Biden pressuring Ukraine to fire Shokin in 2016? Reminder: Trump asked Ukraine to investigate the circumstances behind Joe Biden "firing" Shokin, under the (baseless) suspicion that he did it to protect his son. He did not ask Ukraine to investigate the circumstances behind Hunter Biden getting his job with Burisma. Possibly because Trump himself is the poster child for using your status to get your kids jobs they're not qualified for. There's no evidence that Joe Biden got Shokin fired to protect Hunter, and a whole lot of evidence that he got Shokin fired as part of credible US policy consensus. I'm still yet to even hear a convincing explanation for how Shokin's termination was supposed to help Burisma, yet alone Hunter Biden.
Maybe if there was more of this there'd be fewer people staying politically disengaged until their 30s...
So Alexander finds it clear that Trump conditioned Ukraine aid on an investigation, but he's dodging what I think is the heart of the matter, which is whether or not he did it to damage a political opponent. Alexander neither gives an answer to the question nor indicates whether or not this would then be impeachable. He calls Trump's actions "inappropriate" but without qualification that's not very useful.
[See Q11](https://www.reddit.com/r/Enough_Sanders_Spam/comments/f9wfre/breaking_results_of_the_feb_2020_ess_straw_poll/?utm_medium=android_app&amp;utm_source=share]) It's closer to 1/4th not being hard Bernie votes. Only 6.3% were hard Trump over Bernie.
While her mother was very vague the only real interpretation I can have is something along the lines of "my daughter encountered an institutional mistreatment that she wants to fight to change but she doesn't want to publicize what happened to her specifically because it'll make her boss look bad and he wasn't part of the problem"
I guess Bernie really wanted that Crime Bill v1 since he voted for it?
That's not really a given but even if it were there are lots and lots of races outside of the presidency. Donating, canvassing, GOTV drives even talking to friends and family about politics, all that stuff can make a difference.
&gt; Why doesn’t anyone ask where Aiko is instead finding out where Honoka went. I think I know it’s because Naoto said Aiko moved away is that why? Aiko didn't move. As far as everyone was concerned she was never missing. Honoka was Aiko's best friend and knew she killed herself as soon as it happened because Aiko texted her about it. She was able to replace her before anyone found out. &gt; How did Honoka suddenly find where you’re supposed to go with it? She just coincidently found the alien and showed the coin and the alien was like hey that goes here to grant your desire? This is explained in chapter 31, but: Honoka found the alien sometime in the past before Aiko killed herself. She gave him manga and they became friends. He told her about the coins and she was able to find one. She gives him bread and he's really happy about it and offers to transform her as thanks. Instead of taking her up on the offer she recommends he enlists other people to find the coins for him in exchange for transformations from the vending machine. So when Aiko killed herself she already knew she could go to the alien to get transformed.
Also helped that the victim of police brutality survived it and made his famous appeal for peace.
&gt; “The question is whether the discrediting information [about Reade] disqualifies her from making her allegations publicly,” he said. “Given that multiple people say she’s been telling this story for 25-plus years, I don’t think she’s disqualified. . . . Biden’s campaign was right to say, ‘Women have a right to tell their story, and reporters have an obligation to rigorously vet those claims.’ ” This pretty much says it all about his journalistic negligence. Yes women have a right to tell their story and reporters have an obligation to vet them... BEFORE they report on them! He tries to wash his hands of the matter by saying he was only really reporting on Times Up and not the assault accusations but that doesn't fly. He was both obliquely referring to the accusations and linking to the soundcloud Halper made. Not to mention going on Krystal Ball's hatchet show to talk about it the next day. There's a difference between "right to be heard" and right to be reported on.
Oh but of course. Wonder how long before he launches his own scampaign.
On the third hand making a false rape claim against the Democratic presidential nominee is like an act of war on the American public.
Biden would need to get like 85% of delegates today, it's probably not happening. I think he'll get there next week.
He's a 43 year old senator first elected in 2014. Not exactly a part of the the Republican establishment old guard.
Putting aside his extreme rhetoric can you point to anything in his voting record that one could characterize as very moderate?
A Republican so unpopular that he almost lost his 2018 race in a deeply conservative Trump +27 district, has subsequently been stripped of all committee assignments by his own party leadership, and is on the verge of losing a primary where he's gotten next to zero campaign funding. Sounds like a great pick for VP that the RNC would definitely go for.
No sorry that is wrong. Amazon like a lot of big corporations does have a PAC, it's called Amazon.com Services Llc Seperate Segregated Fund, see [here](https://projects.propublica.org/itemizer/committee/C00360354/reports/YEAR-END). That 26% of spending listed on the OpenSecrets page is in fact spending from this PAC to candidates and organizations, not individual contributions from Amazon employees *to* PACs. For all intents and purposes it does represent corporate spending from Amazon. If you look past page one the OpenSecrets list of contributions from Amazon you'll see plain old candidates who got money from the PAC, that's clearly not lobbying or contributions from individuals to PACs.
If Biden gets 100% of the delegates in IN, MD, MT, MN and DC he will need about 80.7% of the delegates in PA, RI and SD. Of the viable vote share Biden is currently getting 67.5% in RI, 77.6% in SD, and 80.5% in PA. If that share holds it'd roughly translate to about 79% of the remaining delegates. That would depend on Bernie holding viability in all PA CDs. Looking at the county level results so far I expect that'll happen. So this is looking pretty damn close. On the flip side, Bernie could get some CD delegates in IN or NM, or could maybe creep back to viability statewide in NM. Looking at county results I could see Bernie getting delegates in IN-1 but that's about it for that state. EDIT: Bernie crossed viability in NM a few seconds after I posted this. We'll see if it holds.
Wait why does MT get allotted two districts? How are these phantom districts drawn? I think that NM projection was premature since Bernie is crossing viability statewide now.
That is one sick motherfucker.
Here's the thing. It doesn't matter what you call yourself. Voting in the general election has nothing to do with your personal party identification and nothing to do with loyalty or any of this other bullshit. You look at the two major party candidates and vote for the one you'd rather see elected, or you throw a tantrum about the political system not being fair and throw your vote away. No matter how much you think it is your little protest vote isn't doing jack shit to make third party candidates viable. If your candidate manages to act as a spoiler, which is all they'll ever manage, it'll probably just make people hate your stupid party more. Ask the Greens how much Nader helped boost their party after 2000.
I'm just waiting for the Bernouts to start petitioning for superdelegates to get the first round vote back so they can all vote for Bernie. Or maybe start a campaign to pester Biden's delegates to backstab him.
He didn't resign after being turned into a committee paperweight and he's shown plenty of animus towards Republicans for "betraying" him so who knows. I mean I still doubt it actually happens but if anyone would do something like that it'd be him. He'd have a really hard time getting any kind of funding though. He should go all in and liquidate his assets for this.
Man imagine if Fitzpatrick actually lost. Seat would probably become lean D.
Why not? She's personally endorsed Biden.
She endorsed Biden because he's been a family friend even if their politics don't really align, and because she personally detests Trump for obvious reasons. I can't imagine she'd hide her father's endorsement. Neither would Cindy McCain.
No way are any of those things true. You'd think there'd be some kind of law against releasing a falsified medical report.
Well at least he won all the ones with a "ver" sound in the name. Oh, wait... Never mind, forgot about Virginia
I like to think of McCain and Flake as Goldwater Republicans. Pretty conservative for the most part but fairly pro-immigration and pro-environment. I think Trump's militant opposition in this areas is a big reason why Arizona has been shifting so hard towards being a purple state.
Bernie: "This young man could use a break from the tweeting"
In 2012 he was still accepting campaign contributions from billionaires. By Bernie standards that means he was owned by billionaires.
&gt; Also it puts him closer to 2,375, which actually does have significance as it allows superdelegates to vote immediately and speed up the formal nomination process. Why would giving the superdelegates a vote speed things up? If he gets 1991 on the first round he wins, it's done.
That is a provision that allows superdelegates to vote on the first ballot if their vote couldn't change the outcome anyway. It doesn't have anything to do with multiple ballots. If anything it'll just make the vote take longer by including more voters.
If I were Biden I wouldn't try launching any of that at him in person since he'd lie, deflect and dissemble a lot and it'd all get lost and muddled pretty quickly. But some attack ads juxtaposing Trump's 2016 statements with actual outcomes during his presidency wouldn't be the worst idea.
Except Sununu. He is a typical awful Republican to his core and I have no idea how he's so popular.
Maybe and probably not. If he loses I expect half of Republicans to suddenly vocally despise him. You're going to see a lot of post-mortems about how a Republican president would have cruised to reelection if they weren't such an idiotic, incompetent, self-absorbed asshole for no reason. That may or may not be true but it'll be pretty easy to blame him on those grounds.
Who makes a list with two explicit things plus "much more"? I can practically guarantee that Trump couldn't actually name a single other thing. EDIT: I didn't even notice that he did that exact same thing again in the second tweet. Also LOL, he doesn't care if the alternative candidate is good or bad, he's endorsing. Nice political chops there.
Guess it didn't meet their standard of not causing a deluge of cancelled subscriptions.
He called Bernie Sanders a "cuck" after he dropped out and endorsed Biden.
Trump's efforts aren't going to be worth a damn thing if he loses reelection. But if he does win reelection she may be best off getting on the ballot as an independent from the start. Easier to win that way than with another write-in campaign.
[Obligatory](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WdAun0NpF5A)
Looks like some decent movement in IN-2 too.
That is some nice loop work.
Ken Grifty Jr
Also shown again in chapter 46, where Kaito says Claire's a demon who ruined everything.
If your strategy is wasting money to get your opponent to waste money you'd better be raising a hell of a lot more money than them. Especially when the opponent has the home field advantage and probably won't need to spend as much on defense to match whatever you're spending on offense. For the time being we are not outraising the GOP for the presidential race.
Not saying money is everything, but when you're talking about spending money to force your opponent to spend money it's in a context where it kind of is everything...
Okay let me see if I got all of this: 1) We should spend money in Texas because it'll lure the GOP to spend money in Texas 2) But the GOP spending money in Ohio couldn't be luring us into responding with spending money in Ohio 3) We should spend money in Texas because money isn't everything
So the idea of us spending money in Texas in order to get Republicans to spend money in Texas is good campaign strategy but the idea of Republicans spending money in Ohio in order to get us to spend money in Ohio is paranoid and tinfoil-y??? No I'm not going to provide sources for an idea I addressed as "I'm not sure they're not doing", that's obviously just speculation on a mere possibility.
Hot damn, Trump lost that [poll](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/2016_United_States_presidential_election_in_Guam) by a whopping 47.4 points. And like 18% of the entire population of Guam voted in that poll so it was a pretty broad sample. But it actually wasn't that different from the margin in the [2012 poll](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/2012_United_States_presidential_election_in_Guam) so I think that poll probably doesn't have much status as a bellweather anymore. Probably pours some cold water on the notion that Guam would be purple if granted statehood.
The Office also got a 6 episode S1. It's pretty common to see shows get abbreviated first seasons as kind of a trial run.
Oh cool, I didn't know the part two deep dive had been posted. Thanks for the link. EDIT: Would be interesting to see the specs on those batteries. There's going to be a huge difference in mile capacity and lifetime between typical car batteries and deep cycle golf cart batteries. But I doubt it's anything like the latter for only $60 a pop. EDIT2: Looking at the cardboard box I think the battery is a 6-EVF-52.2, maybe by Tianneng Battery. The exact model isn't listed but there are similar [here](https://www.tnepower.com/products.php?menuid=114&amp;id=414). So looking like 3.15 KWh nominal and 400-600 cycles @ 100% DoD. If this thing averages 15 MPH at ~800W with a 60% battery to motor efficiency that'd mean 35 miles of range and something like 20,000 miles lifetime, potentially a lot more with lower DoD usage. Pretty broad wags though.
It's going to be tough. I expect him to get around 18-20% in NY. This is based on the fact that NY, OH, and PA all voted similarly in 2016 (Hillary leading by about 15 points), and OH and PA both had him at about 18% this time. This is opposed to Rhode Island where Bernie got 30% on Super Junesday but won by 9% in 2016. Unfortunately that probably won't be good enough because he most likely won't reach viability in Georgia or Louisiana and quite possibly won't in New Jersey or Delaware either. The only remaining state he even won in 2016 is West Virginia. If he manages to overperform in NY to the tune of 25% or higher he could have a change.
Pollsters just can't figure out how to correct for that problem, Democrats have overperformed pretty much every poll there for several years. It is the one and only case where I'm okay with doing a little bit of poll unskewing.
That's what it's saying on NYT and Politico but apparently the vote count got updated today to say he only got 15%? I'm pretty thoroughly confused now.
These battleground aggregate polls are kind of questionable and open to potential issues about how representative the sampling is in the individual state results. Change Research is a pollster with a less than stellar track record. At best it's just one for the pile and this sort of article is cherry picking (and not even using a particularly current poll). If you look at polling averages Biden currently has a lead of a few points in states like MI, PA, WI, AZ, and FL. So I don't think they paint a picture at all that Trump is a solid favorite to win. The national polling doesn't paint a complete picture but it does still provide an indicator. In 2016 Trump won with a popular vote to tipping point state margin of about 2.9. This was the highest it had been since 1948, and that result was heavily distorted by Dixiecrat shenanigans. It's statistically unlikely that the margin will be much higher this year. The thing with polling shifts is that just because a state is very blue or very red overall it doesn't mean that there's a bunch of added potential for running up support as you put it. This is part of what political analysts refer to as a state's "elasticity", and the deep blue states aren't necessarily particularly elastic ones. If anything a lot of battleground states have that distinction because they're more elastic or have been changing more rapidly and not just because they've provided historically close outcomes.
&gt; "I want to continue to be a Republican because it annoys them," Powell [said](https://www.cnn.com/2020/06/07/politics/colin-powell-donald-trump-protests-cnntv/index.html), prompting laughter from the audience.
Am I seriously to believe that popular support for BLM all of a sudden shot up dramatically because of rioters and looters, and not because of all the attention raised to acts that people genuinely find awful? At best, like seriously best conceivable scenario, people could perhaps cave in to demands over violence and theft in order to make it stop. I'm not saying that to justify it, or even that it would ultimately work out better in the long run. But even that would require an actual concrete list of demands presented by an organized group behind the destruction. I'm not seeing anything like that happening here. If anything has been tangibly gained thus far it's an increase in sympathy and desire for change. No way has that been because of rioting and looting.
Some might find this surprising since Booker is more progressive than McGrath and Matt Jones leans more moderate. But this seems about right. Booker's received the backing of nearly half of the Democrats in the KY House, including the leadership. He's charismatic and inspiring and knows how to tailor his message in a way that resonates with a lot of people. And hell, it's just nice to have someone that both progressives and more mainstream/moderate Democrats can appreciate for once. If we're being real probably no one is going to be able to topple Mitch, but given the options I think Charles Booker is the right man for the nomination. (also can't really deny that it's cool seeing so many black men get the nod for major party nominee for senate races.. not that I don't want Gary Peters to destroy John James or anything, just saying)
Yeah to be honest I don't really know a lot about this rep or this race but he doesn't really seem up for this.
Congressional term limits are a bad idea. They're also unconstitutional and would therefore require an amendment to pass, which would probably never happen. That makes them a useful red meat wedge issue for getting anti-government conservatives to vote without ever having to worry about it actually happening. Trump came out with it in a late push in the 2016 election, which is extra funny because presidents have zero influence over constitutional amendments. But I highly doubt this one wedge is anywhere as effective in getting Kentuckians to vote for a Democrat as this push poll indicates. Plus if a big thing is made about it McConnell will probably flip his position since it costs him nothing to do so.
Does he have to do either? He could just ignore it and find some dodgy non-response if he gets pushed to comment.
I dunno, maybe he's kidding? There was this too: https://twitter.com/JordanPeele/status/1270131481780776966 Still kind of feeling a bit more with "Obama Anger Translator" and "Not Endorsing But Totally Endorsing Pete Buttigieg" Keegan Michael-Key.
What's especially wild this time is you've got Ilhan Omar in one corner going "defund the police" while Bernie goes "give them raises"
&gt; I don't see Bunker Bitch getting any more support than he already does. I hate saying this, but Trump has had a long pattern of taking a hit in approval only to recover later as people's interest wears off. The way I see it there's been the following significant milestones in Trump's approval level: - Went from around 38 to about 40.5 after congress passed tax reforms and nervous conservatives started to believe he was capable of accomplishing at least one of his priorities, and people were all excited about the one time corporate ~~campaign spending~~ bonuses. This was a permanent shift. - Went up to about 42 after his little stunt with visiting North Korea, and for reasons I can't understand this one also seems to have been permanent. Maybe some people stopped worrying about us getting nuked. Around 42 has basically been his baseline since then. - Dipped back down to 40 after John McCain died August 25, 2018 due to Trump acting like a petty disrespectful little asshole over it. But went back to normal after about 3 weeks. - Dipped down to 40 again (or a little below) for the duration of the January 2019 government shutdown. But then immediately shot back up once it ended. - Climbed up to a little over 43 during February 2020 because.. reasons? My best guess is this was people freaking out over Bernie winning the nomination. Started to go back down Biden became the frontrunner but shortly thereafter... - Zoomed way up to nearly 46 because of COVID-19 rally around the flag. Didn't last long as Trump blundered his way through it and started approaching 42-43 again. - And now he's heading back to 41 because of how much of a fascist he's being over the protests. I expect this will keep sinking and will maybe level off around 40. But I wouldn't hold out for it staying there, it could pretty easily go back to 42 later. I just hope it doesn't climb higher than that for whatever reason. It's still not a good place to be in.
Makes you feel bad for the vast majority of trans folk who I assume are not tankies..
It's the old "respond to what you wished they said instead of what they actually said" Republican hat trick.
Some of the old hands at Fox maybe don't.
Despite this poll it's really hard for me to understand why Kendra Horn wouldn't do at least a couple points better than Biden. She's the one with the incumbency advantage and it's not like she's done anything to really separate herself from Biden in a particularly negative way. Biden supported impeachment just as much as she did and I can't see why people not voting for Trump would be pissed off about that anyway. This could really boil down to the idealized generic candidate problem, with a significant number of undecideds who want to stay open to voting for a Republican in case they happen to like the candidate, especially if they're anti-Trump but have typically voted Republican. But honestly I wouldn't really pay this poll any attention at all. It's a sample size of 500 for the entire state. The crosstabs for OK-5 are only 95 people. That's way too low.
Absent actual working rule of law I guess we just let mobs gun them down?
Is it just me or are most of those people working at The Onion younger than The Onion itself is? Could explain why it's changed so much.
This is the basic conclusion of the paper: &gt; For baseload plants, for example, we estimate that storage energy capacity costs would need to fall to roughly $10-20/kWh to reach cost-competitiveness with a nuclear fission plant, assuming a storage power capacity cost of $1,000/kW, if wind and solar are used together in an optimal mix. $10-20/KWh at $1,000/KW is definitely not a figure that is being undercut by current real world values. Or at least not in a way that scales to the large energy capacities needed by the study. I think we can get there eventually with renewables, an optimal mix of 4-12 hours of electrochemical battery storage plus a good amount more of intermittent fuel storage like hydrogen. In the mean time though I think we can get to 60-90% penetration or so (depending on the region/grid) without all the long term alternative storage technologies, and we can gradually transition the remainder away from dispatchable fossils.
Trying to entice voters by promising a VP pick that's more attractive than you are is not a good strategy and can backfire in a lot of ways.
I wouldn't take the current situation for granted. People have short memories and have forgotten about a lot of stuff they'd been pissed at Trump over before. Five months is enough time to return back to the "usual" close-ish race. Plus Biden wan't just stronger in the nationals but a ton stronger than Bernie in FL and AZ which very well could have stayed reaches even in the current environment. I'd feel a lot better not putting all our hopes on winning the exact combination of PA+MI+WI as our only path.
Next month. It's a monthly manga. It missed one month because of the pandemic, that's it. Fan translations used to be erratic but at least for now there's a group on top of it.
They closed at 6PM on a Tuesday? That's pretty outrageous...
TIL Jim Justice's biggest competitor is a guy named Woody Thrasher. EDIT: And a guy named Joe Profit is running for GA-6 GOP
Probably not.
English is caught up with releases.
Same way they have a history of victory and freedom I guess?
ICEs have heat pumps too, they're called air conditioners.
Their bill dictates settling this with a duel.
Fun fact: only seven states worth a total of 58 EVs automatically count write-ins. For every other state the person either has to be registered as a write-in candidate for their name to be counted or write-ins aren't available at all. So actually Bernie can't win with write-ins.
I have a feeling that Fox News wouldn't drop Carlson even if his ad revenue dropped near zero. They've axed people for less controversy but when it comes to him their PR has always had his back, and I can only imagine that too much of their core viewership demands this.
Also he is pretty far left for most European countries.
He's not really saying anything terribly different from things he's said before. But support for BLM has gone up a lot and people have gotten a lot more pissed off with police brutality. These advertisors aren't making their own ethical considerations, they're pulling the plug to avoid a bunch of new people protesting them. Not Fox News viewers but people who I guess weren't that attuned to news of his previous offensive comments.
I'm sure the "buy Snow White DVDs before it goes back in the vault again forever" commercials have their share of appeal to old conservatives.
Yeah but if they want to take a district like NV-3 from us they're going to need better than this.
Apparently this is about Matt getting fired four years ago which makes the whole thing kind of cringier.
Coming down from the Sudafed.
Good, more time and money to focus on winning the general.
So even Tillis wants NC to become like VA?
Is it though?
Most of Gwinnett county is in GA-07 which is a competitive and open district.
Is it just me or is her smile there really disturbing?
I just assume these are supposed to be log log scale for some reason. (but they're still stupid even then)
They are in alphabetical order, it's just rotated (hopefully by an amount that's different by precinct)
The unimaginable force of hopless candidates dropping out in order to not spoil their preferred contender...
Also "Strom Thurmond" sounds like a porn name for a kind of porn no one wants to watch.
I mean obviously.
Maybe it should have been. Although that'd have been something of a slap in the face to old Roger Taney.
Google "effect of VP pick on president", you'll find several articles and papers in the top results.
Nobody was worried about Cynthia McKinney spoiling Obama in 2008. You can't even remember who she was for this point you're trying to make. EDIT: Didn't realize this was the actual (likely) Green VP candidate. That makes it much funnier.
Man, I know this isn't saying much but the Green's presidential run this year is turning out to be a much bigger joke than the 2016 one. Back in 2016 Jill Stein's [subreddit](https://subredditstats.com/r/JillStein) shot up to over 12k subscribers around when Bernie endorsed Hillary. Compare the Howie Hawkins [subreddit](https://subredditstats.com/r/Howie2020) which didn't even exist until April and has slowly ramped up to just over 1.5k subs. And I couldn't even find the sub when I googled "Howie Hawkins reddit" or "Howie Hawkins subreddit", I had to search for it directly on reddit. In fact, just googling "Howie Hawkins" hardly brings up anything resembling notable media articles. His [twitter](https://socialblade.com/twitter/user/howiehawkins) is at a mere 40.6k followers, almost all of them gained between March and April. His new followers have trickled down to under 400 a week. Jill Stein's [twitter](https://socialblade.com/twitter/user/drjillstein) has 279k followers, basically all of them obtained during her presidential run, where she was gaining some 17.8k or so just the week of the Democratic convention. Amazingly the Hawkins [campaign site](https://howiehawkins.us/) only managed to snag a .us domain (or I dunno, maybe he thought that was good political messaging...). Of course Jill Stein's at least had a .com domain. Apparently he's like two delegates shy of getting the majority so the Greens are probably stuck with him unless they really sabotage him at the convention somehow. Not like they have anyone who could do any better. I've even been seeing some Rose twitter accounts talking about nagging Jesse Ventura into changing his mind about running... But among those few proud real deal Howie Bros (Howie Hoes? Yeah I probably shouldn't go there) you actually see some thinking this is going to be the year the Greens finally get 5%.
Trying to murder some random police officer for being a police officer is batshit insane on a lot of levels. But police officers poisoning themselves would be like a whole other order of magnitude batshit.
As a bonus, at the time he said that we were no where remotely close to the number one nation in testing per capita.
The minor parties all clamor for the magical 5% because it would qualify them for a share of the publicly funded Presidential Election Campaign Fund. I guess they see that as being the big turning point for their electoral success but yeah, it doesn't actually help all that much.
The old U shaped campaign strategy. Win somehow by pouring money into Ohio, Iowa, New Mexico and Oregon (yes that was floated as a possibility too) NM was particularly alluring to them because Hillary got under 50% in 2016 and they think they can win by getting all of Gary Johnson's outsized 9.34% vote share. Of course by that logic Utah is totally in play for Democrats. And for added measure run ads in Washington DC and hold rallies in Tulsa.
The goal should be to perform as much decarbonization as we reasonably can as quickly as reasonably possible. If this can be better accomplished by temporarily deploying carbon capture technologies then we shouldn't refuse to allow it. Personally I take the CCC's price projections with a grain of salt given that they haven't built anything at scale yet and how badly European CCS projects have performed outside of Norway. But if their price points prove to be remotely accurate in the near term it'll clearly be something that should be done in addition to scaling up electrolysis.
It's like she thinks all of our working hours are exclusively for the benefit of a tiny wealthy minority, and in exchange they provide us bare living necessities from the infinite cache they've stockpiled. If only we could toss those people out then everyone could enjoy the fruits of the infinite stockpile without having to do anything for it. I'm going to go out on a limb and assume that the vast majority of us put in work hours towards something that is provided to at least some subset of normal, non wealthy people. Or towards the overall betterment of society. And the main engine of increasing efficiency and productivity is via people buying and selling goods and services from each other on a private basis. Sure, there are needs (or sufficiently large scale/long term investments) that the market is too inefficient to properly provide where we turn to the state to create, redistribution, oversee and regulate. And yes there are problems with increasing wealth accumulation that also contribute to inefficiency and should be tamped down via taxation and regulation. But that doesn't mean we should just somehow transition to collectively contributing nothing to each other.
Whoopsie Ducey
If Trump loses there will be a torrent of bitter takes the next day about how he would have won if not for a billion unforced errors and personality flaws. And a lot of "can we stop pretending to like him now?" tweets.
I hope he wins so we can call him Warnock the Senate Warlock.
I don't think they've been trending red either, most of their statewide races this past decade have been close. They're just stubbornly indifferent to the sways of the national environment.
But I'd highly prefer seeing Warnock advance over Lieberman.
And how are you gonna take out both genius? Unless you scrounge up 50 million people to vote for someone else one of them's gonna be president.
I'm old enough to remember Bros and much of the media shitting on Buttigieg way harder than they were on Biden. Only once Biden became the clear winner did they start going full psycho on him.
Mostly white population plus mostly male felons probably means this benefits the GOP more. Still the right thing to do though.
At least going by the 2018 gubernatorial race and 2016 presidential race the district was a bit less red than the state.
It's like the 2020 Republican platform that ostracizes the "current president"
"This proves we could have easily had Bernie"
John Bolton is such an indescribable shmuck. Imagine sitting on incriminating evidence then criticizing the Democrats for not investigating things they probably had no actual leads on. I'm sure they would have investigated if someone like you actually bothered coming forward with it. Oh and then releasing it as a vehicle to make money. Fuck this guy. And fuck any of the rose posers who actually advance this malarkey in a completely disingenuous and cynical bid to smear our speaker. Furthermore fuck off with this entire notion that the left/right spectrum is determined solely by how anti-Trump you are regardless of any political context. I guess those white supremacists who hate Trump for not being quite Nazi enough for them are also outflanking him from the left?
Yeah well this dude is a weapons grade dingus and he discredits his publication, which is already of dubious credit.
Do you have a link? Having a hard time finding anything.
It's also pretty tone deaf seeing how much more local support Booker has received compared to her.
And of course the original poster (not the dude bringing the pasta on S4P) wasn't even American.
Grim is so slimy and transparently desperate in his attempts to take down candidates he doesn't like (and I'm saying this as someone who prefers Booker wins). Publishing garbage like this just makes people feel sorry for the target of the smear, not to mention makes them look better because they failed to find actual dirt.
"Green New Deal" is a descriptor being given to some very vague, very high level set of climate/energy goals. It's little more than a political catch phrase at this point. Biden has an actual fairly detailed set of climate/energy policy goals described on his campaign site. They're pretty different from the what Bernie for instance refers to as his GND plan.
&gt; plans to be 100% renewable by 2050. Its just not possible right now. We cant make that shift that fast. We probably need twice that to be truly 100% renewable. If we wont use nuclear and cant use fracking to bridgr the gap it just cant happen yet But Biden's plan says 100% clean energy economy with net-zero carbon emissions by 2050, not 100% renewables. That can include nuclear and carbon capture and sequestration (possibly still involving fossil fuels), and in fact both of these things are mentioned in the plan. Lots of analysts have shown that something like that is practically attainable, or at least something reasonably close. Fracking isn't mentioned once in his climate plan. Feasibly fracked natural gas and oil could be used even in a net-zero emissions environment if equivalent emissions are captured and sequestered. But even that notwithstanding 30 years is a ton of time for something to be useful as a bridge. &gt; recommitting to the Paris Climate Accords. Without serious changes by others involved it is not worth crippling our current economy when other countries wont make their goals Being a signatory to the Paris Climate Accords means providing policy goals determined by the signer's own discretion. That can include anything that the country deems "not worth crippling our economy over." There's a reason why every other country signed onto it. Dropping out is just Trump's way of giving the middle finger to anyone who thinks climate is an actual problem.
They actually taught you in a Georgian public school that the secession was unequivocally legal? Do you remember if that was like a concrete curricula in your text books or was it just a teacher's own personal musings?
IE and Sabato actually already have it at tilt and lean R respectively. It's just Cook at likely R.
Have you watched any of the debate? Her problems go beyond bad tweets.
The popular vote to tipping state margin is real and there's no technical limit preventing it from being several points. But there are statistical and historical realities that make that impractical. In 2016 it was about 2.9 points, and that was highest it had been since 1948 when it was super distorted by Dixiecrats stealing states from Truman. I'd be really gobsmacked if it increases past 5 or 6 points, let alone the 9 points Biden's currently leading polls at. The thing is, shifts (or lack of shifts) in voting tend to be at least somewhat geographically and demographically correlated. So if Biden's not budging in WI he's also probably not moving much in states like MN, IA, OH, MI etc. To make up for that a big national swing would have to have him moving that much harder everywhere else on average. And then that starts to make it harder for him to lose other regions he's competitive in like AZ, FL, NC, even GA and TX.
Greenwald's threatening lawsuits and restraining orders over people talking about this. So another usual day for him I guess.
I remember a lot of people saying that Biden wouldn't win because of his history of losing primaries. It's like they think nothing about his experience and qualifications changed between 2008 and 2019. Being VP is excellent preparation for becoming president and past VPs have had a lot of success winning the nomination for presidency. It's weird how little people talk about just how qualified Joe is, VP plus 40 years in the Senate is a real one two punch.
Howie Hawkins is punching through his hat like Ross Perot from that Simpsons clip.
Probably wish we did caucuses for the general election.
&gt; but honestly you'd be better off focusing on his professional output. Does his wish fulfillment fantasy book count? The one where Bernie wins the presidency and a socialist utopia ensues over the next 60 years and he and his publication become highly esteemed.
Had about enough of these concern trolls on reddit and their gee golly, hate to have to vote for Trump but &lt;insert latest example of fringe group doing something&gt; has given me no choice. When a quick look through their post history shows they clearly voted for Trump in 2016 and have been posting nothing but naked Trumpism since. I don't like seeing statues of George Washington and Ulysses S Grant getting toppled and vandalized either but the idea that elected Trump again is somehow something you must do to fight against that is beyond stupid.
Didn't she just do an AMA like a week or two ago?
So the Republicans spent about $450m and this is what they have to show for it? Oof.
There was recently a post here where a long time Trump supporter said people knocking down statues was forcing him to vote Trump, and it got dozens of upvotes. The leaning of the sub seems to change a lot from thread to thread. Some of the culture war ones end up leaning pro-Trump.
It's funny seeing people talking about free college then start to talk about cancelling all outstanding student debt with no strings attached and not providing unlimited free college of your choice in perpetuity going forward. Almost like that's where their personal skin in the game is. And I don't think I've ever seen anyone talk about Bernie's clothes except in 2016 when "the guy shops at Men's Warehouse" was a rebuttal to demands that he release his tax returns.
I had the same reaction. But apparently she's also a pretty prolific voice actress now.
Oh I know.
&gt; In the most offensive possible place Not to mention a place that doesn't have anything approaching a competitive race within a hundred mile radius. Or more than double that once you get past OK-5 (did Trump even mention that race or any of the bazillion people running in the Republican primary?)
I don't know but I'll say this, after following the replies in Rose outrage threads you start to see a lot of the same accounts pop up. I think they're really not nearly as large of a group as they may appear.
Obama campaigned heavily for our candidates in 2018, maybe you'd know that if you really cared about US politics. Also imagine being so convinced that everyone wants M4A yet so pessimistic about it ever actually passing without Bernie, that you're complaining about hypothetical children one day not having it. Dude focus on forming an actual sexual relationship with someone first.
I wish I could look forward to the absurdist spectacle of Kellyanne Conway trying to flip on this and defend Trump but I know it's just going to irritate me.
I'm sure she'll also get super offended about even being questioned about it. I'd really love to see the next president sign legislation that actually makes the Hatch Act enforceable.
Starting to think this Moore guy just might not actually have his finger on the pulse of society.
He is such a sad sack. I doubt this shameless display is even helping him. Not a lot he can do to win his primary anyway but maybe Alabamians would respect him a little more if he showed some respect for himself.
There were 144k Trump voters just in Tulsa county. Although there might not be now. And those 6,200 included some sad individuals who drove in from other states and camped outside for hours or days to ensure their spot.
There isn't exactly any hard and fast definition for what Democratic Socialism means (or what socialism means to begin with) but DSA makes it pretty clear that they [espouse](https://www.dsausa.org/about-us/what-is-democratic-socialism/) socialism. The belief in democracy is kind of orthogonal to that. While DSA isn't a very large or influential organization I'd consider it the closest thing to a standard bearer for what the term means in America. That got muddied by Bernie who I think was the main one who popularized the term but tries to vaguely skirt around being an actual socialist, even though he spent decades calling himself that. Now a lot of people seem to be taking the Democratic part as a way to soften it into not really being pure socialism, eg more like how people have used Social Democracy. Then you get totally bizarre stuff like Briahna Joy Gray celebrating being able to drop the Democratic part from her political ID after leaving the Sanders campaign...
Inhofe doesn't get enough attention for how thoroughly awful he is. He's notably worse than most of the other Senate Republicans, including Lankford.
He'll piss his pants then a week later demonstrate not pissing his pants.
Don't worry, he'll replace him with someone even worse. Always does.
Andrew Johnson was not a Republican.
She went to Howard as a white woman. She actually sued the university for allegedly discriminating against her for being white. Howard is a decent school but I have to imagine they and other HBCUs aren't too quick to reject the white people that apply there. Having went there probably did help convince people she was black though.
After tonight it'll be mathematically impossible for Bernie to even get a majority of delegates under the hypothetical scenario where superdelegates were allowed to vote in the first round and voted 100% for him (and he got 100% of all remaining delegates) Incidentally that threshold being crossed means that superdelegates *will* be allowed to vote on the first round again.
Also Torres. Was anyone here seriously rooting for Diaz?
These people think this is a movie or something.
I hope Biden not only wins Florida but manages to drag the Democrats running in FL-15 and/or FL-18 with him. It'd help House Democrats on the incredibly difficult path of securing 25 or more state delegations, although if they manage that Biden almost definitely won't actually need it.
Gonna have to go with Ayanna Pressley on that one.
As if Democrats in the Wisconsin legislature weren't already treated badly enough by Republicans in the Wisconsin legislature.
Do pure socialist or communist parties actually hold power anywhere with a truly functioning democracy? I mean as a dominating force that actually gets to implement their platform, not as a fringe minority party padding out a coalition.
Yeah if there was anywhere where I could expect it to happen it'd be petro states.
I swear a lot fewer young people would be radical socialists if they didn't think it meant they didn't need to get jobs. Also didn't realize trying to be healthy was a tool of the oligarchs. Enjoy your first heart attack you slob.
Jimmy Carter gave us Atari 2600!
Nuh uh that was Nixon
Ford became president in August of 1974 my dude.
No probs. Ford gets the old Fairchild Channel F.
And Bob Good is a pretty garbage candidate that actual Republican voters in the district probably didn't even want. Should be an interesting race.
Honorary Democratic Socialist Abraham Lincoln, the furthest left American politician who ever lived.
I dunno, it's like believing Jim Jordan would pull the strings in a Republican administration...
AOC holds so much power and influence we all overwhemingly went with her presidential candidate of choice oh wait that's the total opposite of what happened. Huh.
Warren and AOC wouldn't have not endorsed her if she was a MAN!
This is discrimination against us Android users and I won't stand for it. /s
Most of the coal plants in Poland are pretty old and probably depreciated.
Agreed. Unfortunately currently only the EU really has the political will and standing to implement such a thing and it's not enough to make much of an impact. I'm hoping the US can kick Republicans out of power for long enough to establish a North American carbon market and emissions standards alliance. That in concert with the EU, perhaps most of South/Central America in another bloc and eventually Japan/South Korea/Australia could really tighten the screws on China with global carbon tariffs.
Black woman erasing black voters to claim black voters are being erased. I just can't.
I promise you Biden won the overall not-white vote by an enormous margin.
This has got to be the first time I've seen a political candidate say upfront that they will put the wishes of their donors ahead of their prospective constituents, their party, or their own conscience. You're not running to represent those specific 7,000 people, I'm sure who mostly live outside your district, and who are probably more interested in getting rid of DWS than they are in you particularly. And what did you plan on doing anyway, share an online poll with them every time you had to make a political decision?
If you don't think that's possible you have a pretty limited concept of how people can make money in modern society. Look at Notch (the guy who made Minecraft) for instance.
Wow who knew New York had M4A?
Part of the shift has been to more ambitious serialized shows with broad overarching storylines and character development. I think shows can do this more now because streaming services let people watch them at their own schedule so the creators don't have to worry about people being totally lost because they missed an episode. Show funding is also less dependant on live ads, which I think has resulted in less need to play it safe and formulaic and more potential for return on higher budget shows. HBO was kind of an early forerunner in the space of breaking past sitcoms and other heavily episodic content and the subscription funding model probably helped with that.
I knew it was something of a coup but wasn't aware of those details about the location. I wonder if Campbell should run ads about this.
These are the people out there keeping our food chains going through a pandemic and this is how we treat them?
In some sense yes, but in another sense I'd argue the opposite. In the traditional format you lived and died by Nielsen ratings and could get knocked out permanently pretty easily by one bad run of episodes, or someone else stealing the views in the timeslot. These days you have a lot more opportunities to eventually make money off of digital sales reaching an audience, or even migrating to another platform if one ends up being fickle. Even pretty iffy stuff on Netflix tends to get a couple seasons. It's a big shift from like the late 90s/early 2000s when like 90% of the shows on Fox were almost immediately cancelled.
Biden has had his share of one on one debates. If you don't think he can reach the level set by his 2008 or 2012 VP debates you can at least look at the last primary debate with Bernie from back in mid March. As for Trump, I think we've got a pretty good idea of his style from 2016.
I really don't get how MoveOn went from their founding purpose to whatever this is.
Maybe this is just me but I feel like squatting on subreddits/using them in bad faith is a scumbag thing to do, regardless of who is doing it and for what purpose.
What poll has third party at 8%? Change Research?
Mike Henry stepped down of his own volition. This weirdo temper tantrum is pretty disrespectful of that.
If you feel like you have to invest a lot of your resources in states that far from the probable tipping point the election isn't really worth bothering with anymore.
Someone should goad Republicans into backing a petition to remove Shaun King from office.
Sillier, if we're comparing with 2016 anyway. Canova "only" lost by 12.6 in the primary which was about in line with what polls predicted. He got Bernie's endorsement and a ton of funding, while DWS was somewhat publicly damaged after resigning as DNC chair. An upset was still a longshot but at least sort of plausible, much more so than Buttar beating Pelosi. Now if we're talking Canova's completely batshit 2018 run that's a whole different story. I'd also consider Perelman's run now to be a bigger joke.
It's really sad seeing political commentators with such incredibly poor understanding of election dynamics.
Pete's campaign didn't invest in that app, they bought other campaign services provided by the same people. Not at all the same thing. It's like saying you're investing in the next version of Windows because you bought an XBox. EDIT: Also those people in question were not the Iowa Democratic Party.
And the app wasn't even used because it was too broken and they had to go back to reporting things the old way, which is why it took so damn long. Which resulted in the media response to Pete's eventual win being significantly muted. But yeah it makes total sense that Pete's campaign deliberately engineered such a self own...
This dumb conspiracy theory got way more traction among Bros than it ever should have and Bernie's campaign really needed to step up call bullshit on it. But they didn't, they just fanned the flames by sticking to other vague groaning over Iowa.
I don't really know why but the media has a pretty visible pro-Warren slant.
Yeah, I was not terribly impressed with Jon Stewart's recent NYTimes interview. He's a great political comedian and he's a laudable activist and philanthropist but his sober punditry doesn't hit the right notes with me.
I have a feeling if Booker loses Mike Brohier is gonna have to stay inside for a while.
[Obligatory](https://www.buzzfeednews.com/article/claudiakoerner/scott-walker-wisconsin-venn-diagram)
I need to see that show one of these days.
You're saying that the only difference between Democrats and Republicans is degree of militarism and defense spending?
I'd claim we've gotten better at preventing this but I guess it's hard to really say.
I don't think they're old enough to vote anyway.
I wonder if someone sells blank magnets you can slap stickers on.
Just one in twenty people changing their vote can change the outcome from a tepid reelection to a massive landslide defeat.
The dam is breaking!
That said, Kavanaugh was on the wrong side of all of those and Gorsuch on the wrong side of the abortion one. The people saying that these rulings prove that SCOTUS is no longer a concern for November are nuts. If Trump gets reelected you can expect all of these sorts of rulings to flip, Republicans will be sure to use these exact cases as litmus tests for their two picks. Also the Louisiana ruling blows apart any pretense Susan Collins had that Gorsuch and Kavanaugh would uphold abortion rights precedence and Gideon should be blasting her over it.
There are also bound to be some traditionally conservative anti-Trump Texans who are okay with Cornyn.
I guess the solution to bad police is worse police?
Do any of the Bernouts deep in their hearts actually seriously believe that Hillary Clinton was calling black people superpredators? I was a Bernie supporter in 2016 when that claim was paraded around a lot and even I knew it was bullshit.
They've been pulling this since before Trump was even elected. They think any evidence showing Russia attacking America is an American fabrication meant to rationalize going to war with them.
Kentucky and Vermont are basically the same politically right?
I don't know how much of what you're seeing in those first two articles is PTSD over 2016 or how much of it is the media's desire for a horse race but the state of the race right now is definitively quite bad for Trump. Sure, things can change substantially in his favor over the next four months, but there isn't much of a compelling reason to predict that they will. High support among self-identifying Republicans and a small majority reporting confidence on the economy question isn't enough to make him competitive. I mean you can say Republican tax cuts and deregulation boost economic activity at least a little in the short term. So in that regard one can consider them "good" for the economy, but that's too narrow of a viewpoint that ignores how people feel about the tradeoffs and long term consequences of these actions. And it certainly doesn't account for all of the other serious problems people have with Trump. If you look at past approval rating trends and [polling](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Historical_polling_for_United_States_presidential_elections) incumbents who are behind by a lot don't win elections. If anything polling is much more likely to overestimate incumbents. The only exception was Truman but that was back when polling was pretty unrefined and spotty, confounded by strong early third party showings (similar to 2016) and still not nearly as unfavorable as the polling is for Trump now.
&gt; Last time we saw Republicans lie to pollsters and independents and undecideds swing to Trump. There isn't any evidence that this happened to a statistically meaningful extent. National polls were fairly close in the end. There were some battleground states with pretty poor polling averages. But this can be explained by a lack of high quality polls, a high degree of undecided and third party voters, insufficient weighting by education and slowness to respond to late breaking changes (mainly the Comey letter, DNC dumps and the Access Hollywood discomfort wearing off) At least the first three are by and large non-factors in the current polling. Undecideds and third party have made up a significantly smaller share of polling averages in most states. We're seeing more high quality polls focus on the states that are likely to matter the most (instead of ones like Ohio).
How dumb do you have to be to push for the extremist candidate in an open Hillary district, not to mention the one that current seat holder isn't backing? Even better, Beto won this district by 5 points so Cruz is definitely no strong voice there.
JHKForecast's [totally not a ripoff of 538](https://projects.jhkforecasts.com/presidential-forecast/) model.
