[Reading the article and realize I'm the exact same age as AA](https://i.imgur.com/iGwshIo.gif). He's GM of the Atlanta Braves and I'm...very much not.
School doesn't matter. It's all the same basic info. This isn't like the business world where people will ask where you went to school. I used Kaplan initially, Allied for continuing/renewal. Just get through this part, take a refresher course before the state exam--I think that's the really important part because the information you get from the school will be on the test but the state exam is almost designed to make you fail. Tricky wording and the like. About half the people who take the test fail the first time. The refresher course really helps provide tricks and memory tools to help pass the state exam. Just get through all that and then you can learn how to actually do the job.
I've watched it three times on netflix and once since it moved to hulu but I'm waiting on a blu-ray to buy.
I remember that feeling. My aunt got it for me. Except she bought it in October because it was on sale---we saw it when we were at the store--and the deal was I had to wait til Christmas morning for it. That was a long damn wait.
I know, these fireworks right now? it's not New Years or any part of January or May, June, July or August or the World Cup or a Saturday...
The Pirate's Daughter by Robert Girardi More of a modern version of pirates (not really the Captain Phillips kind).
&gt; he had a fine career Don't bring that talk to Atlanta.
I think there's a fair case to be made Andruw still deserves to be in the Hall. Even as a Braves fan I had issues with him I admit, it seemed like he never really gave it his all. But looking back at his numbers and work years later I think I misjudged him. He was a legitimately good player and his career did take a steep nosedive but the numbers up til then are at least worthy of consideration.
I'd agree with that statement.
http://www.dre.ca.gov/consumers/filecomplaint.html What did he do, if you don't mind saying?
Hitchhiker got picked up too fast.
I dig your style, man.
The Moving to LA tldr: have a job, have a car, have at least $10K, find a place to live near that job. Anything else: /r/movingtolosangeles
When I worked at a Big Bookstore in the late 90's the geniuses at corporate decided hot dogs were the kind of thing we should sell at a bookstore cafe. They never gave us the grill for the dogs but they did ship us a case if hot dogs. On the box it read: "1/4 MEAT HOT DOGS" Never said what kind of meat or what the other 3/4 were. We were some broke bastards and were desperate for any deal on a meal but even we weren't going to eat them mystery meat wieners.
Look at the dates, it was worth nothing during the financial collapse, same as a lot of houses. I bought my first home in 2011 for $235K. Two years prior it had sold for $500K. I sold it in 2015 for $350K. The reason they're dropping the price on this one right now is timing. They're trying to sell during the offseason. People, for the most part, just don't buy after August. It's probably a perfectly fine home and if you want it, go ahead and put in an offer. They're wanting to sell, you're wanting to buy.
Krimsey's is a dream. I'm a lifelong meateater from the south and I've been working on being a vegetarian. Krimsey's makes it easy.
NEON BEER SIGNS: Which is right for your? TABLES -- FOOSBALL OR AIR HOCKEY? DARTBOARDS -- The Perfect Size, Placement and Styles for Every ManCave Disguise Your Porn With These 5 Hints!
I'm convinced enough that it's someone trying to be funny I removed it from /r/movingtolosangeles If the mods here want to go along with the joke then that's fine, but that sub is for people with actual questions.
You're not wrong, things were sitting longer before the seasonal slump. I can't speak for everywhere but in my area (L.A.) part of that is price. Prices climbed, so did interest rates, lot of people got priced out of the market so there weren't as many buyers. Summer of '17 I started working with a client wanted to sell, their house then would have listed at $625K. When they were ready to move in summer '18, we listed at $775K. At $625K that place sells in a day, at $775K it took...well, it took two weeks. But that's L.A. and an all cash buyer. Overall, there's lots of buyers at $500K to $600K but not as many at $775K or higher. And those buyers are going to be pickier. $500K and you can afford to get a place that needs a little sprucing up, $775K and that house better be turnkey. There's nothing left over to make updates or repairs. So yeah, things sat longer because there were fewer buyers and the ones that were there were being much more particular in their decisions.
Marlins will never win their division. They will win more world series but never the division.
Solar panels are great for a homeowner but I hate selling houses with them for this reason. The offer that fell through may have been because the prospective buyer couldn't qualify for the solar lease, as well. If you can qualify there's nothing wrong with keeping them, you'll appreciate the DWP bill (I live in Southern California where AC is on 3/4s of the year so DWP bills are crazy here). You could always ask the seller to buy out the lease or remove the panels but both are costly options and that could have been a reason the deal fell through as well.
Yeah, refrigerators but if they won't shell out to keep the patrons comfortable where else are they cutting corners? Are they refrigerating the food properly, is it actually being refrigerated--maybe the no AC is a sign of not just being cheap but electrical problems and the fridge doesn't always work? It's just a red flag is all I'm saying.
You know the hate for Man of Steel? Amp that up by a factor of 1000. Maybe it wouldn't have seemed so bad because the internet wasn't as big a thing then and at the time Tim Burton could do no wrong in critics' eyes. But anybody vocal enough to be heard would have torn it apart. It probably would have been visually remarkable but a bad movie overall. It also would have been a big hit. And in a way, it might have been the best bad thing that could have happened to Superman movies. Burton's Batman was a dark but oddly comical and bizarre version of Batman that changed non-comic fans perception of the character from the only other onscreen version they knew, the 60's TV show. It opened up a window for new people to become fans and created a renaissance for the character. The changing actors from movie to movie also cemented the idea that there wasn't just one Batman, other people could play the character. Without any of that we wouldn't have gotten the Nolan trilogy or the version on Batman Vs Superman. Unfortunately, Superman never had any of those opportunities. Superman IV was the last onscreen Superman was got (not counting Lois &amp; Clark or Smallville, again, movies here) and the filmgoing audience were still firmly entrenched in the notion that Christopher Reeve was Superman, Reeve and no one else. That Superman was the only Superman they knew. Superman the character didn't have the opportunity to get the media swell that Batman did with movies in the late 80's, early 90's and despite the Death of Superman in the books and that attention it was still just comics and some people just don't read comics. The need a movie. if Superman Lives had been made it would have given people a chance to see a wildly different Superman, and maybe even with a bad sequel it would have brought in another actor to play the character and given root to the notion that Christopher Reeve *isn't* Superman, other people can be Superman. And it doesn't have to just be the same version. That may have opened the door to Man of Steel in a way that movie never had. A different, evolving version of the character. If you're thinking I'm forgetting Superman Returns, I'm not. The problem with that was it was too little too late and tried to be a carbon copy of the Reeve/Donner movies.
Lizard clones? I would've thought the mole people controlled by the Rothschilds.
You're going to want to figure out where you'll be working and plan around that. Anybody here will tell you, live near work. Once you have the work situation down you can start figuring out the area you want to live. In the meantime, there's three ways to hunt for apts: Craigslist, realtor.com (or other similar sites--not zillow, never zillow) or walk/drive the area you're looking. Craigslist is always risky, but keeping an eye on the listings there and realtor.com (or other site) will give you an idea how the prices are in those areas. The third route isn't really an option until you're down here but it will likely give you the best chance at finding something inexpensive. CL, realtor and other sites charge or have property mgmt companies that charge so they're going to be more expensive. Just finding a sign in a yard or out front of a building by a privately owned complex is going to be the cheap route. A fourth but less common method is to find a realtor. It's not big out here for us to do rentals but we will in the right situation. This could be your best bet. A Realtor can arrange showings for when you're here, visit the property ahead of time to weed out something you know you won't like, any place he or she finds you know is legit, he or she can be the go between for the paperwork and likely do most if not all via email. Again, it's not a big market for realtors here because it's not much money in it for us but money's money so it's worth a shot. Before you do anything though, find out where you'll be working. I don't know if you're familiar with L.A. or ever been here but for example, if you hear Burbank is nice and look for a place there but your job is in El Segundo, you're going to be hating life. That isn't a commute you want to make. So I can't stress that enough--live near work. Figure that out first, go from there.
I got nostalgic for a moment. I worked at the Burbank Sears for a year when I was 19. I hated that job. Oh boy, I hated that job. Alas, it's just the K Mart that's closing. That makes me a tiny bit sad. My mom used to shop there.
First of all, if it's been 2 years even with a half assed agent I got to think there's something wrong other than the agent. That said, always ask for recommendations, friends or relatives who have used an agent to sell and talk to them, look at some other properties in the area that have sold and talk to those agents, see how they stack up. I'm still kind of baffled at this two years and not selling thing, though. Would you mind sending me the listing in a PM? I'd really be curious to see what's going on there.
Priced incorrectly, property may have issues, there has to be something besides just the agents.
Not in the US, unfortunately.
I would assume so, all I saw was it said netflix had the "international rights" but I didn't see anything specific.
Looks like the saucer array is being removed as part of the refit.
My guess would be a Kohl's. Assuming another big box wants to go in there at all. If history is any indication the city will rush to build overpriced condos/apts with no parking.
I like this deal. But only if we keep Allard and the Cubs eat half of Schwarber's and Darvish's salaries. In all seriousness, it's not really a terrible trade. Darvish and Schwarber are high risk - high reward. Darvish was good in Texas, Schwarber has the potential to be better than he is. If they played to their potential it'd be a nice package.
The Moving To L.A. tldr: Come with at least $10K on hand, come with a car, come with a job, find a place to live near that job. Anything else, the answers are in here somewhere: /r/movingtolosangeles
Lots of considerations. I'm assuming it's not a well kept 100 years old. How long has it been on the market? Has there been any other interest? Viewings? Offers? Are you FSBO or with an agent?
Ozzie Albies. I want to see him fly around the bases trying to keep his helmet on while jacked on Colombian talc.
While it's true very few realtors do rentals it's a misconception that we won't at all. I have, I've done them in the past and I'll do them in the future. It's just a matter of other business obligations. If I'm stacked with buyers and sellers I may not have the luxury of time to spend with a rental. A rental will net me a couple hundred dollars, buyers and sellers will be...more. Also, it's a matter of distance in a lot of cases. I'm in the SFV and if someone is asking for a rental in Redondo or Venice, I'll spend more in gas than I'll make off that deal. On the other hand, if those things--distance and obligations--aren't issues, then I'd happily help someone out. And maybe, there's always the possibility I can find someone, another agent, who can help.
This almost makes sense. Presumably Voyager's saucer section was capable of separation like the Galaxy or other Federation ships. Wouldn't the saucer section need a deflector as well? I always assumed the Galaxy Class saucer section had one somewhere.
Do you think it was there as a backup on an essentially new type of ship? Or if we'd ever seen it onscreen the second array would have been eventually removed? Was there ever any indication of saucer separation capability on a Columbia class? Someone pointed out Voyager had a second array but I assume this was because a saucer section would need its own deflector after a separation.
She didn't found the company, she didn't help found it, she didn't help make it what it is, she hasn't done anything to change it or improve it--all she needs to do is literally nothing. In N Out is fine, it's always been fine, it's going to be fine. Pretty much same menu forever. So as long as she doesn't do a single thing except business as usual, she'll be fine, too.
That's the way I read it. Maybe not true for everybody, I can't speak for them. Regardless it's just part of the conversation. I see no reasons to downvote here.
Anybody else here on this thread just to get ideas on how to make money?
Where I grew up the term "sweetpickle" was used for mentally disabled kids.
Heart attack or stroke. Probably within the next five years if family history is any indication.
It was derogatory. They just replaced "retard" with "sweetpickle." We never made fun of those kids or anything but when we talked about them we referred to them as sweetpickles. As a grown man in my 40's I look back and think how shitty kids could be. I moved away when I was in my late teens and in my 20's introduced the term to coworkers and ever since we use it to refer to the general dumb-dumbs you deal with in everyday life (daft coworkers and the like).
Swarley!
Soon as you feel the cold coming on--sniffle in the nose, tickle in the throat: 30,000 mg of vitamin C on day one 20,000 mg of vitamin C on day two 10,000 mg of vitamin C on day three That's it. No cold. It'll never get past the sniffle/tickle stage.
A little bit.
And you'll lose a little weight. Vitamin C can get the innards working if you know what I mean. Stay hydrated!
This mild, lame act was made even funnier when you learned how raunchy Saget was in his real act.
I remember that tension seeing "Attempt 1 of 5" and the relief when it finally connected. Worst was the panic when it said "Failed, attempt 2 of 5" and you're worried you won't get online.
Probably unpopular opinion but I liked his Daily Show more than Jon Stewart.
Quoting me any info you got off zillow.
Did you mean to reply to OP?
No, buyers don't *typically* pick escrow or title but I've done transactions where we do. And even when we don't I have my title reps doublecheck everything. I don't take anybody's word for anything. Setting my buyer up with a good inspector is important, I know this guy, I know the work he does, I know I can trust his opinion. Yelp? You've never disagreed with something that was recommended on yelp? Last five star rated yelp restaurant I ate at I couldn't finish the meal. Is part of my job having a team of other people who are good at their jobs? Yes. I make sure things happen correctly for my client. I make sure things run smoothly. In my market, buyers aren't going to spend less than a half million dollars to buy a house. They already have enough to worry about. They just ought to be able to pack their stuff and worry about moving. They should never know how closs a deal comes to not happening because the seller doesn't want to throw down $100 more for a proper home warranty or some other minutia. Buyers don't *need* an agent, same as sellers. But they should have one. They deserve one.
Buyers will sometimes bring me "listings" from zillow that don't even exist. Zillow's info is horrible. My best example is I had a good listing lined up, gave her the comps, gave her a price and the next day she says she saw zillow priced it $100K higher. She wanted to list it at that. I told her no. It will never sell at that price. I explained it all to her and she said zillow price or no deal. Sorry, no deal. It's a waste of everybody's time. She found another agent who listed it at zillow's price. I watched it. As it sat and sat and got stale and they lowered the price again and again and again until finally after nearly a year it finally sold...at the price I originally gave her.
Ah, gotcha. No worries.
Nobody "educates" me, friend. Read my reply to him. Knowing you can't and shouldn't do everything is a very important aspect of this business. Anybody walks in saying they know it all and can do it all, that's the person you want to avoid. I work with a lot of first time buyers. I'm open and honest with them every step of the way and as I said, part of my job is having other people who are good at theirs. Captain doesn't sail a ship by himself. You know everything, don't want to use an agent, fine. You go that route. Don't send everybody else down that misguided path.
Read what I wrote again. The point of my reply was that no one knows everything. Anybody says they do is sorely mistaken. Nobody "educates" me. I gain knowledge and experience working with my team, my partners, my buyers and sellers. You thinking this guy's comment "educates" me is insulting and laughable. You can go on being superior and knowing everything and insulting me, my profession, devaluing us, but I know the value I bring. I know the good I do for my clients. I know when a negotiation has turned into an argument and it's time to walk away. This conversation's over. Good luck out there.
I don't think it would work. The fans would go "No, that's just too ridiculous..." The writers don't seem to have that filter.
&gt; Except they can shop it around while you'll just force feed I don't force feed anyone anything. Anybody wants to go find their own can do so. I just have the benefit of having all these things at the ready so they don't have to shop around and do the research. I work with these people, I know them, I trust them. I wouldn't use them if I didn't. Again, it's part of my job to make this process as easy and smooth as possible for my buyer.
These simple pictures cannot contain such chonk. OP, we request you provide more.
I hate to put it so bluntly but you wasted your $500 and you're wasting your time, the time of every realtor in your area and every one of their clients who sees your listing in the MLS. Sellers pay the commission to the agents. If you aren't offering a commission to a buyer's agent no agent will deal with you. You'd be better off just sticking it on Zillow or craigslist as a FSBO. Whatever you get I'd be astounded if it's market value. That ex-realtor lawyer friend of yours should have advised you better. Out of curiosity, would you mind PM'ing me the listing? I'd be curious to have a look at this.
He'll be 31 at the start of the season, his control (which was always a little sketchy) has gotten wilder every year, his velocity (which was his biggest selling point) has gone down every year and he wants 6 years, $100 million. I like the guy but that's an insane gamble. Reality is, any outing could be the last productive one at this point. He knows it, too. There's no way he's worth his ask. I hope he gets it somewhere for his sake, just not with us.
Talk to any friends or relatives who have sold and speak with any realtor they recommend. Look at homes that have sold in your area recently and speak with those realtors. See what they say, how they would go about listing and marketing your home and pick the one you feel best about.
[It already exists, just hasn't been used in forever](https://old.reddit.com/r/LAsunsets/).
Lots of people like them but lots of people hate them and downvote them and there's a lot of griping about them being here. I'm suggesting an alternative so everybody's happy. You like the sunsets, post and subscribe to /r/LASunsets, you don't want to see them, then don't subscribe. Everybody wins.
Your idea is great but it'll never happen. I suggested the same exact thing when I created the /r/movingtolosangeles sub and was basically told to fuck off with that shit. I guess people love bitching about and downvoting the dozen or so "Moving to LA-- what do!?!?!" posts here every week a little too much. I still crosspost every one of those questions to that sub and refer the poster there as often as possible. Time to start doing the same with the sunset pics, maybe.
If you subscribe and have a multireddit it'll be there. I have a LA multireddit, just sort by "new" and the most recent post in every LA related subreddit I'm subscribed is there. I mean, nobody wants to do it, fine, don't. It's not my sub, I didn't create it, it's been there for five years. I'm just trying to offer an alternative to people complaining about the sunset posts. That's all.
There...is a /r/movingtolosangeles sub...I created it. Every moving to l.a. question I crosspost there. Look, use it, don't use it, I don't know. It's an option, that's all. Sorry I tried to be helpful, I guess.
https://www.reddit.com/r/redesign/comments/8h1bti/how_do_i_create_a_multireddit/ https://www.wikihow.com/Create-a-Multireddit-in-Reddit I hear ya, man. I don't care about the sunset posts one way or the other. Sometimes I look, sometimes I don't. But lots of people complain and downvote them and posting them in a place just for them would prevent the posters from suffering the downvote brigade and getting bitched at and the no-seunset crowd wouldn't have to see them. It's a win-win so...
It's cool, man. It's just we get like ten sunset posts a day, a dozen moving to l.a. questions a week, they're common enough and get hated on enough that having them in a designated place saves the submitter the downvote brigade and the ones who hate those posts don't have to see them. Seems like everybody wins is all.
Ask family or friends who have worked with an agent for a recommendation, friends of friends, talk to those agents and explain what you want and see what they say and how they're willing to help you. Word of advice: Some agents do not like to work with buyers. Buyers are more work than sellers and they only do that work begrudgingly. I don't know where you're at or what your budget is but in some markets it's especially true if you don't have a lot to spend. This is definitely not true of all agents but it is true of some. It's why I suggest talking to them and getting a feel for how serious they are about helping you.
There's still the one with the inflatable penis.
Those pics are great, no doubt. Some of them are just awful pictures of a fine property but some of them though, what can ya do? It's a hoarder house. Ansel Adams couldn't have made that look good.
And there's a bunch that get downvoted and hated on...enough that there's a "FILTER OUT SUNSETS" option on the sidebar. I'm just sayin'...it's there if people want to use it.
Also, not for nothing, but the post that dude used was a picture of the Griffith Observatory...not the sunset. May not have been the best case for his point. Possibly why he deleted it.
&gt; Let's give him the benefit of the doubt Right there with ya. I always try to.
I like this. This works. But no wildcards, and if I had my druthers we'd get rid of interleague play, too.
Nats and now the Tigers...I'm going to think positive and say we're saving all our real stuff for when we go up against good teams.
I'm trying to make the glass half full here, work with me...
So yeah, the traffic can suck. Housing costs are ridiculous. There's rude as shit people. Those things are true. But you know what else is true? This is really one of the best places in the world to live. Every direction you turn you can go do something new and exciting, literally everyday. EVery single day you can go and do something new and different you've never done before. You're a couple hours away from any terrain imaginable -- beach, mountains, forest, desert, snow, farmland, citylife. There's every food imaginable. You can always see a new author, artist or musician and find and meet incredible people. The assholes aren't nearly as numerous as the good people, you just have to find them, and the best, most decent people and friends I've ever known in my life I met here in L.A. And they're from all over the country and even the world. And the opportunities! So many and so much you can do. Let me tell you sometyhing, I got a friend who, when I met him, he was tending bar and now he's famous. He's on a network tv show. Not everybody is going to hit that Hollywood dream but it can happen. Even if that's not your dream you can still find something to make a living, a good one. I did. I'm a realtor and in just a few minutes I'm going to show a friend of mine a house they want to buy. She's very succesful in her career, something she wouldn't have been able to do where she came from, and when she got here she was in college, working at a bookstore. My girlfriend is a valley girl, it was love at first sight and we would never have met had I not come here. I'm saying L.A. has been great to me and everyone I know. It's given us things and people and chances that we would never have had anywhere else. Is there struggle? Yeah, of course. It takes time. I came here at 16 with next to no money, some clothes and a tv in the back of an '84 Oldsmobile and there were times I was on welfare, I was hungry, I couldn't afford heat in the winter, AC in the summer, a car, I was out of work, there were rough, ugly, lonely times. But today, I have a wonderful girl, I own my own home, I have amazing, fantastic friends, I've met my heroes and idols, I have a job I love where everyday I help people, I have seen so many wonderful and amazing things and experienced so many marvels in my life and all of it is because I came to L.A. Everyday I'm living the dream. Follow your dreams, man. Maybe this won't be the place for you in the long run. But you'll never know unless you try.
If I had to put a dollar down, I'd say that is right out in front of the Jackalope Pottery in North Hollywood. 10726 Burbank Blvd, 91601 [street view image](https://i.imgur.com/JVpEhZ7.png) [side by side](https://i.imgur.com/2z23Arr.png)
Check my edit with the streetview, will probably help.
My first thought is Koreatown. It's not too far from the school, it's reasonably safe, close to Hollywood, Silver Lake, downtiown. Probably has a lot of what you'll be looking for. I've rarely done any business down that way so it's not my area of expertise so others may have better suggestions. I do know I've known people who lived in K-Town for just that reason, though so maybe that helps.
Here's the tldr version of moving out here: Come with at least $10K, come with a car, come with a job, find a place to live near that job. You might want to ask about jobs and housing for Costa Mesa in /r/orangecounty and for L.A. county browse: /r/MovingToLosAngeles
That is...different than this.
When this came out I knew a girl who misheard the lyrics as "Wooden Leg" not "One Headlight."
&gt; It was legacy casting Rarely does it work out this well.
Yep, happens every spring/summer. I'm working with five different active buyers right now.
Depends, I'd say. If you have a 3 bed, 2 bath, go with the ADU. 2 bed, 1 bath, add the bed/bath. Alternatively, if you plan on Air BnB'ing it or renting it out for the income, ADU.
Hey, I watched the first couple episodes, I really enjoyed it. Fun little show. I noticed some of the cast were actual faire performers, thought that was nifty. Whereabouts in L.A. was it filmed, if you know?
tldr version of moving here: Come with at least $10K, come with a car, come with a job, find a place to live near that job. Anything else, browse /r/MovingToLosAngeles
If they're just visiting, you do the tourist thing, you let them live the dream. This might be their only time here, the only chance they'll ever get to see this side of things. Of course you give them the Hollywood experience. If they plan on moving here or this isn't their first/only visit then go ahead and let them see a little more of the "real" L.A. My friend has been here to visit a couple times. First time or two we did the tourist stuff, third time we went to Knotts on a friday night. Man ain't never seen traffic like that in his life.
Shrinking. Like in the old movie, The Incredible Shrinking Man. I used to have nightmares about it.
Matt Damon in Eurotrip
I like this deal and I'm very hopeful but I admit, part of me is a wee bit worried it'll get cocked up and he'll be our Darvish. I'm going to stay positive, though.
True. Nothing ventured, right?
I've noticed people start a lot of what they say with "Basically..." The amount of longwinded stories and lengthy explanations that start "Basically..." is *really* starting to scratch my ass.
Peanut butter and tomato sandwhich.
I love that our guys always look like they're having fun out there.
Jerusalem. It literally makes people [believe they're the messiah](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Jerusalem_syndrome).
Vanilla.
I don't know about the big screen version but I absolutely wouldn't mind seeing him on a tv series. Especially now that we got a great Lex Luthor.
I believe Joe Dante has said he actually prefers the second one.
&gt; Also, if you can’t get gremlins wet, why are they all frolicking in the snow? Don't get started on the rules...it's *always* after midnight!
Showed up on netflix and I Watched it the other day. I was kind of shocked at how nobchalantly they treat animal abuse. I mean, they get the little varmint home and immediately they blind him, bust his head damn near open, dump water on him, every time he looks terrified and in agony and they're more fascinated by what's happening than if he's actually ok. I'm not crapping on the movie or anything, it's silly fun but hell, have a little compassion for the little dude. It also struck me as funny how so much of the movie wouldn't pass today. The gremlins smoking and drinking and shooting guns, the crossdressing gremlins...none of that would fly today.
I read it somewhere and didn't see a quote from Dante directly so don't take it as gospel.
And how long have mogwai been around, exactly? Only since the advent of the clock and what we know of as midnight? Midnight in what time zone? And what about daylight saving time??? They should've just said not to feed them after sunset....
We all love them. In the appropriate place, at the appropriate time and done by the appropriate people. Not out in the middle of the damn street and shot over my house during the daylight hours and set off by some dimwitted teenager or half-drunk shit-for-brains.
I'm ecstatic the guy is pitching well. Like, genuinely. Nonetheless, I still clench when he takes the mound. He might go out and pitch like he has been or he might give up five homers before recording his second out of the game. And he's always kind of been like that. So for his sake as a player and person and ours as fans and for the team, I hope he goes on to tear hell like he has been. But I won't be surprised if he goes off the rails somewhere along the way.
What if there was something in there that made her do it? Maybe a social media humiliation or something, something that happened to the daughter because of her Persona use? The mother could easily lay the blame at them. I hadn't even thought about it til now but it would make sense, keeping with the theme of the episode.
The dad from 7th Heaven. Squeaky clean image, played a pastor on the show. Ended up getting busted for sexually assaulting three underage girls over several years.
You best not have jinxed it and we find out Ed O'Neil was the Zodiac or some shit.
https://www.amazon.com/Nemesis-Star-Trek-Next-Generation/dp/0743478665 The author has written lots of Trek books and adaptions of the movies.
&gt; I just wish they didn't retcon Picard being young and bald I never had an issue with this. He shaved his head at some point. Simple as that.
Nemesis was my favorite TNG movie. I honestly can't watch any of the other TNG movies. Doesn't have a TNG feel to them, any of them. Nemesis does, seems like a natural progression from the endpoint of the series. I don't even mind the dune buggy. I love the movie. Absolutely love it.
Everything you've said might be the worst advice you could give to someone starting the homebuying process. &gt;Try the Multiple Listing Services for the Greater San Fernando area The MLS is what realtors use. Joe public doesn't have access to it. &gt;look up any any real estate agency in Sylmar and look up properties on their website No. Use realtor.com to search for properties in your area. Going to a broker's website may only show you listings they have. &gt;talk directly to the listing agent. Never do this. The listing agent has their client's best interest in mind, not yours. They can represent a buyer and seller but it's an ethical gray area called dual agency and illegal in some areas. Never contact a listing agent directly. &gt;go to the city and do a public records / permit request for said property. This will help you identify if there are any issues with the house like open code violations or illegal additions. Realtors have title companies and inspectors that do this during the escrow process. &gt;...County of Los Angeles Assessors Office website.You can look up what year the house was built, what the recorded square footage is and how big the lot is. This is all literally included in any listing provided by the realtor. &gt;feel free to message me if you have any questions. No one do this, please. For your own sake.
It's from the movie. When they get back to the ship after leaving Yosemite Kirk is wearing a shirt that says "Go Climb a Rock."
It gets a lot of hate but this is and always will be my favorite TOS film. I didn't say *best* I said favorite. The interaction between Kirk, Spock and McCoy is the best it's ever been and the movie as a whole has a fun sense of TOS.
Allen Smog in Burbank https://m.yelp.com/biz/allen-smog-burbank
"Look at this idiot, he's gonna kill somebody! Where's a cop when you need them!? Oh....all right, then."
$3K won't get you started. First, last anr deposit on the apt will almost certainly be more than $3K. Add deposits and setup on utilities on top of that. Hopefully your estimate on income is based on earnings from an actual job not what you think you'll be making when you get a job.
&gt;What a merciful badass. I hear that and I agree but damn if I didn't feel like there *had* to be a better way than bashing that dude's skull in with a big damn rock.
Krimsey's in NoHo. Vegan cajun. Delicious.
Right? I'm saying...there were options...
&gt; Truist Bank Stadium I would be ok with this just 'cause it conjures up the days of the Braves and TBS.
99 Cherokee, about $40
Contact the Opossum Society, they'll tell you what to do: 714-536-3538 https://opossumsocietyus.org/contact-us
You mean BB wasn't a documentary???
Same. Way more than just oil changes, they're good people.
Have you taken a look at Danica Mckellar's math books? (Yes, *that* Danica McKellar, aka Winnie Cooper from the Wonder Years. She's actually a math scholar, freakin' genius.) "Math Doesn't Suck" is a good place to start and helped me some. Her books were mainly aimed at kids but you get knowledge where you can, right? Lot of the memory techniques I found to be really useful.
If we're talking one of the original five, I'd say Raj. He really didn't serve much purpose later on, occasional butt of a joke but he didn't contribute much. He could have been phased out, move back to India or something and had Stuart take his place. If it were a later addition, Bernadette. Without question.
Fries aren't bad. As far as I remember, anyway.
Yeah, it's kind of like something you might do as a tourist just to say you been there and once if you live here just because. But then you go always go somewhere better after that.
Ah...I used to love Carney's. Vegetarian 99% of the time now but this conversation is making me feel like I need a cheat day.
Broken beer bottle. Sliced the sole of my foot open, got infected
I was 12. Girl opened the door, having never laid eyes on me before that moment, she gasped and declared "Oh my god, you're the ugliest person I've ever seen in my life!"
I once worked for AAA, I was the dude you called and asked to send you a tow truck. I was on a call with a guy, he was giving me his vehicle description, looking at his flat tire and got hit by a big rig. He died, of course.
Was working at a bookstore and we closed early on Easter. Guy tried to get in and we pointed at the holiday hours on the door, he punched the door, made a slicing motion across his neck then walked away. As we were leaving the guy comes running up to us waving a gun and says "next time I say you're open you fucking better be open!" He ran away, we called the cops but nobody ever saw him again.
Realtor here: not terribly hard providing you have good credit and a good down payment or all cash. Be prepared to offer over list.
&gt; much more entertaining then many of the DC movies Possibly because it has literally nothing to do with the DCU? It's a random script they decided to call "Joker" and change the names to line up with DC settings/characters. I'm not saying it won't be entertaining, I'm just saying it's not a DCU comics movie.
So they took a script that has literally nothing to do with DC and threw some DC names on it so they can call it DC without the taint of the shitty DC movies. So yeah, it's still not a DCU movie. ...truth hurts, my little chili babies.
If saying that makes you feel better and like the movie more then you go right on telling yourself that.
Except Vader didn't turn good. He did exactly what he intended to do and told Luke he was going to do: they would overthrow the Emperor together. He even says it in the comic, "He will be mine. It will a be mine." Vader never turned good, he saw his opportunity and he took it. He was just too far gone by then.
There have been Dark Jedi force ghosts and the Sith learned similar techniques, and being that Anakin was "the chosen one" and a messianic figure of sorts, born of the force and all that, who's to say he isn't capable of something a bit different than his predecessors?
Just because he loved his son doesn't mean he was a good person. Hitler loved his dog.
I'm sure the entire planet he blew up and the countless people he murdered, tortured and worse would be thrilled he's "redeemed." He's not redeemed, he didn't turn to the light, he was placating his son. He's manipulating him, even to the end. Vader keeps telling him they will destroy the emperor and rule the galaxy together. Making him think they can be benevolent rulers instead of evil dictators is probably a good way to do that. And considering that Luke half-asses a Jedi training academy that goes to shit and creates the galaxy's next great terror Vader's intent to keep the Sith in charge of things clearly worked. He just wasn't around to see it.
You're not wrong, that was exactly what happened but I don't believe he did it purely out of the goodness of his heart. There just wasn't any. He did exactly what he meant to do.
Some might call it realistic.
He was unique among the Jedi and Sith, that whole thing about Palpatine having manipulated the Force to have Anakin conceived. Why should it be thought incredible he can do things others can't?
Anybody ever do the math or a guess on how long it actually took Ted to tell the story? I mean, each episode was about 22 mins, 208 episodes, that's about three and a half days. It has to start on a different day since the kids change their clothes from the pilot to the rest of the series so it seems like the bulk of his story takes place over the course of a day or just a few hours. I'm guessing Ted leaves out a lot of details that we as the viewer see.
Taking a bit out of everyday to tell the story would make sense except that the kids never change clothes so that would mean they wore the same clothes for 207 days a year. (minus the pilot when they wear different clothing.)
"When was the last time you helped someone?" Just now.
Underrated as hell, right?
I mean, if they can't give him his own movie put him on Legends of Tomorrow. He'd fit right in.
Not this book, but it seems very similar to Ths Circus of the Earth and Air. https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/481739.The_Circus_of_the_Earth_and_the_Air
'86 or thereabouts. Since I was a wee lad.
My then-and-soon-thereafter-ex-girlfriend gave me an engagement ring....to give to her.
Ha, damn marvel!
Wonder Woman was an Amazon.
Orlando Bloom. You know why.
Super strength and invisibility. Walk in being invisible, punch my way through the wall, grab the diamond and run away being invisible. Sure it looks like there's a 50 lb diamond floating down the street but in this scenario the clothes you wear are invisible too (you didn'g specify rules) so I just hide the diamond under my coat and make me getaway.
My girlfriend does lyft so this is from her: Stop eating in the damn car!
That's why the invisibility! Who cares if they see the diamond being stolen, the main point is there's nothing they can use to ID me. A disguise would still leave a description of size and shape, maybe skin tone or something along those lines. Invisible and super strength? All they see is things being bashed to hell and a diamond disappearing. It's not very graceful or elegant as far as heists go but it is effective.
I mean, we're in a world with super powers and 50 lb diamonds so why not, right?
Maybe you only go once a year or twice, but this will make your experience there that much more fun. I've gone to a few faires now and every single one is an experience I'll never forget, every time I add a little something to my outfits and every time it gets a little better. Maybe it's a splurge, maybe you could have "spent your money more wisely" but when it's all said and done this experience will make your time at the faire better, more enjoyable and you'll be happier and better for it. Never regret doing something that will make your life better. Huzzah!
How the fu...you know what, no, never mind.
If you're in the L.A. area you can stop in and see him at the Sylmar Wildlife Center. It's a great place to visit and time well spent. https://wildlifelearningcenter.org/zeus-the-blind-owl/
Part of it, I think, is that it was an 80s movie where everything is totally black and white. Johnny and Cobra Kai are bad guys and 100% bad guys, Daniel is the poor underdog just trying to make his way through life and school. And that's all true, no matter how you look at it Johnny and Cobra Kai are the bad ones in that story. But that's what makes Cobra Kai the series so great, is that it fleshes out these characters and shows us why Johnny was that way and how even now he can't totally accept that he might have been the dick. But it does a great job of showing it from his perspective.
Well, in theory, I suppose. Remember going into the season everyone predicted a four team fight for this division.
It's zoned C4. That's multifamily or commercial, mixed use. This isn't intended for a person to buy it and live there, it's an investment property. Someone will buy it, bulldoze it and build a 4 unit apt complex and charge $2500 - $3500 a month in rent per unit or just build a small business complex.
Not necessarily. Investment properties like this one can sit for a long time. It needs the person with the right resources, vision and willingness to make that investment.
Bring the car. It's almost certainly cheaper than buying one here and you dont want to be in L.A. without a car.
http://zimas.lacity.org
My only thought is buying even a piece of crap car here can be expensive as hell. Even with the fees it might be cheaper to bring the car.
Realtor. It's what I do.
https://old.reddit.com/r/burbank/comments/c3xz73/sizzler_on_hollywood_way_closing/
Instead of running for President Clinton was briefly a senator from Arkansas and Gore was president pro tem of the Senate. They cosponsored a bill intending to reform welfare and better finance low income schools. Clinton was then made someone's Attorney General. That's my theory, anyway.
This movie *looked* amazing. The sets, the effects, it was all good. The script and casting were abysmal. Routh was a great Clark but a bad Superman. Not his fault, he just wasn't right for the part. He kills it on LoT, though. And there's some legit amazing scenes, the plane crash, of course. Kevin Spacey would have bee a perfect Luthor if they hadn't just made him do an impersonation of Gene Hackman. SR is one of the perfect examples of a movie that was almost brilliant.
True, I suppose.
I seem to remember there being a mentioned time jump of a couple weeks or month between Jughead's beatdown and the next episode when he's back on his feet. So I buy that one. But Archie? Yeah, that fool was dead. I guess I shouldn't expect an explanation but it'd be nice. I'd like a little throwaway scene in Sabrina where she's in purgatory and sees Archie and just says "You shouldn't be here," and whisks him back to the living world and it's never mentioned again.
How did you end up with the middle name "Beverage" and how is it possible you married a woman with the middle name "Molesta"?
Only on Tuesdays.
I don't trust them. They could be anyone, anywhere, hiding in plain sight. You could be going about your day, easy as you please, not a care in the world but they're secretly right there with you. Before you know it they're out in the open, trying to take over our world and change our way of life. I mean, I love my car, my cell phone, my TV, all of our modern electronics and mechanical devices but the idea they might one of those goddamn Decepticons...it's just too much.
I remember seeing a diver once who hit the water and the eye popped out. As I recall, they touched a cold piece of steel to the eyeball and the reaction from the nerves sucked the eye back into the socket.
CHP incident: Incident: 03370 Type: Trfc Collision-1141 Enrt Location: I5 S / Lyons Ave Loc Desc: JNO / LACOFD INC 9198 Lat/Lon: 34.378846 -118.565791 Detail Information 8:12 PM 26 [64] [Rotation Request Comment] 1039 SANTA CLARITA CITY TOWING 661-254-5700 -- ETA 20 O/ W/ FB [Shared] 8:10 PM 25 [62] 78-145 REQ 1 1185 FLTBD [Shared] 7:49 PM 24 [61] [FSP] has closed their incident [190629LAFSP00240] 7:47 PM 23 [58] SIG ALERT ISSUED ON THE BLU [Shared] 7:47 PM 22 [57] TMC COPIES SIG- 1039 MEDIA [Shared] 7:45 PM 21 [55] 78-200 ISSUE SIGALERT FOR #3,4,5 LNS CLOSED FOR 1 HR [Shared] 7:39 PM 20 [54] 78-200 LYONS TO SB 5 - PEOPLE DRIVING WW UP ONR [Shared] 7:35 PM 19 [45] [Appended, 19:35:47] [1] RP ADVS SD ON FIRE -- HILLSIDE ALSO ON FIRE // RP UNK IF VEH OCCUPIED -- GOOD SAMS ARE PULLED TO RS 7:35 PM 18 [44] 604-3P 97 // VEH IN BUSHES ON FIRE // CHP 97 7:34 PM 17 [43] UNK UNIT ADVS LACOFD GOING 1097 SHORTLY 7:34 PM 16 [41] 78-506 W/ BREAK JNO LYONS 7:34 PM 15 [40] 78-145 BRUSH ON FIRE 7:34 PM 14 [38] LACOFD ALSO COPIES BRUSH ON FIRE 7:34 PM 13 [36] ALL OCCUPANTS OUT OF VEH 7:33 PM 12 [35] [Notification] [CHP]-VEH IS NOW FULLY ENGULF/ BRUSH ALSO CATCHING FIRE [Shared] 7:33 PM 11 [30] LACOFD 57 - COPIES VEH ON FIRE 7:32 PM 10 [26] [Appended, 19:32:43] [1] TAN CADI ON RS 7:31 PM 9 [21] PER DUP ONE VEH ON FIRE // XFER LACOFD 7:31 PM 8 [17] [Notification] [CHP]-PER DUPE VEH ON FIRE [Shared] 7:31 PM 7 [16] ONE VEH PULLING BOAT - SEVERAL VEHS INVD 7:31 PM 6 [13] PER DUPE - ONE VEH ON FIRE 7:29 PM 5 [9] [Notification] [CHP]-Problem changed from 1183-Trfc Collision-Unkn Inj to 1179-Trfc Collision-1141 Enrt by CHP [Shared] 7:28 PM 4 [7] [Notification] [CHP]-RP REQ 1141 // AIR BAGS DEPLOYED // 1039 LACOFD [Shared] 7:28 PM 3 [5] [Appended, 19:28:35] [1] SIL LINC SD VS UNK 2ND VEH ON RS 7:28 PM 2 [3] [Appended, 19:28:27] [1] GRY LINC SD VS GRY SUV ON RS 7:27 PM 1 [1] SOLO VEH TC - WENT INTO R/S AREA - GRY SEDAN Unit Information 7:28 PM 8 Unit Assigned 7:28 PM 7 Unit Enroute 7:36 PM 6 Unit At Scene 7:29 PM 5 Unit Assigned 7:30 PM 4 Unit Enroute 7:40 PM 3 Unit At Scene 7:30 PM 2 Unit Assigned 7:42 PM 1 Unit At Scene
No. I don't think any number should be retired universally.
Like I said, no number should be retired universally. That's not disrespecting Jackie. It's the fact those numbers are representative of the players who wore them and what they stood for and accomplished. That means something to people and other players. Players grow up wearing those numbers from little league to high school and college. It's important to other players to get to wear those numbers. You may not get to wear 3 if you play for the Yankees but you can wear it elsewhere. To say nobody ever anywhere on any team could ever wear 3 is robbing someone who idolizes Ruth of their chance to honor and channel their hero and idol. It's just wrong.
This is a... Ok, the statement alone doesn't make any sense. Evolution doesn't "win." It can't "win" anything. Win what? Defeat what? That isn't how evolution works. If anything, it's a statement about Faora's nature. She was bred to be a soldier. She's trying to use science against a scientist's son. And bungling it badly because as a warrior, she's not a scientist. She doesn't truly understand and she's misinterpreting evolution. Of course, simplest reason, the line just sounds cool so there it is.
Sign me up. @reajlb
That wasn't Snyder or his doing, that was WB and their meddling to keep the movie under a certain run time. He made a movie and WB fucked it up, same as they did JL.
&gt; Superman put himself into a Kryptonian meditation state to prolong his life That was similar to what the Death of Superman novelization described, not that he actually died but more that his body went into something akin to hibernation. He was so beaten and drained that his body just shut down. Had he no been pumped with solar radiation he would have eventually actually died, however.
I'm on this take with it. I get that people see the story as a whole as some sort of revenge tale where her tapes cause the guilty to get punished but that's the fiction of it. Her suicide though, I know they've since edited the series without that scene but I remember watching the episode--her suicide, she died cold, terrified, alone and in pain. Nothing about that made it seem like a viable alternative to any part of life that might be lonely and painful. I personally failed to see that there was anything romanticized about that.
It's better if you go with the theory that "Ferris" is all in Cameron's head.
Maybe don't be so quick to judge, we don't know the circumstances here.
Oh wow....hey, don't ever have any pets, ok? Thanks.
I'm sorry about your Sam, I truly am. Did you take Sam to the vet? It could be something as simple as diet, medication. Just because they have a bad stomach doesn't mean it's the end of the road. My cat used to puke every single day and then I started giving her a better diet, supplements, now she's like a kitten again. Healthy, happy, no puking, no problems. I had to euthanize a cat of mine several years ago and it was like I had to kill my son. Not a day goes by I don't miss him. But he wasn't going to get better, he was suffering. His quality of life was at a point where leaving him as he was would have been cruel. Quality of life is an issue but blind and deaf doesn't mean bad life. Look up videos of blind and deaf dogs, they can be happy and healthy and enjoy life. It's not true for every one of them, I'm sure. But we know nothing of the circumstances here but given the apparent desperation in that poster I'm willing to bet they care deeply for the dog and wouldn't just let him wander about suffering. If they were that kind of person they probably wouldn't care the dog was gone or would have put it down a long time ago.
North Hollywood.
[And in case you miss it...](/r/lasunsets)
Exactly. I didn't watch the second season but that first season was really powerful, I thought. I'm in my 40s and I dont have kids but god, that scene with her parents finding her just ate at me. I cant imagine finding someone I loved like that. This wasn't Romeo &amp; Juliet, this was just tragic.
Oh hell yeah.
&gt;Klesko 2.0 This is exactly how I see him.
DS9 is best Trek. Years ahead of its time, too.
They did a Fantasy Island remake in the 90's with Malcolm McDowell and Madchen Amick (from twin Peaks and these days Riverdale) that was kind of cool. McDowell was basically some sort of demon who granted wishes and made some people realize how horrible their fantasies could be and it was implied Madchen's character was stuck on the island as some sort of hell. It was hit and miss and only lasted half a season but it was sort of interesting. My head canon is now that it was the Island from Lost. They're also making a movie with the same premise, I think, that it's an island of both good and evil. Some bizarre crap like that.
I love that one! I got the series on DVD and it really captures that "late night talk show wars" vibe. Even though no such thing really existed and it was just media hype. The glory days of Letterman vs Leno...amazing show.
Finally gone for me, too. Huzzah!
That can happen. Sometimes they're late getting going due to issues with the bus. Driving a bus is not a get in and go kind of thing. There's a million things they got to do before they start driving and if one of those things isn't in order they got to get it straight before they go.
You joke but when I saw MoS in theaters, as I was walking out I heard a 20-something girl say to whom I presume was her boyfriend, "So Superman is an alien? I thought he was one of the X-Men."
I know, I damn near fell down the stairs.
Honestly, I got issues [parts of the final season](https://i.imgur.com/v2QcSw6.jpg) but the finale isn't one of them. For me it was one of those "it's the journey not the destination" things. It wasn't about "how I lived with your mother and how she died" it was literally "how I met your mother." And we got that story. I'm glad we got to see how things played out, too. I personally wouldn't have wanted the slow drawn out story of Ted's dating again, Lilly and Marshal being pregnant again, Ted and Tracy being pregnant, Barney being a dad, Robin drifting away or Tracy getting sick and dying. We went on a journey through our 20's and early 30's with them and for many of us it was a similar story--dating and dating again and failing and dating some more, changing jobs, struggling to find yourself, friends getting married and having kids, parents dying, that one friend that won't "grow up" and there's a certain point where that journey for a lot of us diverges and starts going a different way. That's *our* destination. What happened in the finale was *their's.* I'm glad we got to see it but I didn't want to end up there with them. If that makes sense.
Sad but true.
This is one of those things that makes watching the show with someone new for the first time so fun. I'd seen it a couple times but finally got my girlfriend to watch it. At some point she asked "Why does Marshall look 20 years older than everyone else in the flash forwards?" I just had to grin and say "Just...wait for it..."
Normally I might say "Your mother must be so proud" sarcastically but...there ya go.
I like it. Little bit of TOS movie era uniforms crossed with DS9/TNG movie era's with a hint of the Orville thrown in. Presumably the collar is part of an undershirt--I'd make that the whole undershirt the division color, so the collar stands out more and the division color is more prominent.
2020...y'all got to start out that way?
I'm pretty sure it was in the people in the video.
I don't disagree but dude...Martha Quinn was cute as hell.
Jordy - Dur Dur D'etre Bebe Of all the weird, random shit that somehow became a hit, that abomination takes the fucked up cake.
I dated a girl who grew up in L.A. in the 90s and had never seen this. I got her to watch it once and she got about 20 minutes in before she "I lived this, I don't want to do it again." Yeah, we didn't last. This was a great movie. "Amway?" "Confederated Products!"
I'll take your word for it, I ain't having no more nightmares. I dated a girl who was a true arachnophobe and she thought seeing this movie would force her to confront her fears and be able to get over it. If you've never seen a grown woman cry and wet herself in a movie theater...you maybe should 'cause it's kind of funny but you damn sure don't laugh.
So...90's gen X kids basically?
GO was exactly what I always figured a screen adaptation would be. That's not a good thing.
I'd like it if this didn't suck. downvotes...you...want it to suck? I don't understand.
Ever seen a New York rat? Bastards are like footballs with legs.
Baby Boomers--and homeowners in general--aren't selling because no one is buying. If there were a willing, ready and able flood of buyers people would be selling. But we all know no one can afford to buy. So no buyers = no sellers. People are holding onto their homes because it's pointless to go through the listing process for little to no reward. When the market turns and prices start to go down and people can afford to buy, boomers and others willing to sell, will sell. As for the boomers creating some sort of crash, it's likely to be just the opposite. As the article states they account for nearly 2/3 of the homeowners in the U.S. They're about to start retiring. And dying. Retirees often move or downsize and head to senior complexes and dead folk got no stake, so...that's a lot of homes going to hit the market in the coming years. Edit: i'm curious, lots of downvotes but not much in the way of discussion. I'm a realtor, this is what I see everyday in my job. If anyone has experiences or information to the contrary I welcome the input.
In my experience when a parent dies most surviving children of any age don't want to move back into the home. It's likely dated and needs all manners of work and updating. It's easier to sell and use the proceeds to buy something else. I've worked with several buyers in this exact scenario.
Just saw this. That...sucks. I remember when the book came out, I was working at a bookstore. It was a big deal. Opened a lot of people's eyes. This is just sad.
Someone once said, and I think this is what it comes down to, you need to *not* drive a piece of shit. Most of the agents in my office drive some sort of SUV or pickup. Couple drive luxury sedans and one guy drives a neon orange, lowered...something. But his clients are all entertainment industry and sports people, they expect something like that. Decent looking and durable seems to be the standard.
It kind of breaks my heart a little. I was there during the most formative part of my life. Hell, it stuck with me so much I wrote a book about my years there.
Friends who still work there.
There's Dark Delicacies on Hollywood Way, but that;s a specialty (horror). Great place if you're into that, though.
A new tenant has already secured the location but none of my contact know who it is.
Even when I worked there it was mostly students taking up residence in the aisles studying and using the place for a library and coffee lounge.
&gt;often times sell the properties below market value in order to liquidate them as soon as possible That's especially true if they live out of state. That's where most of those "we buy ugly houses" bloodsuckers get their business from.
Doesn't matter. To me it will always be a parasite occupying the corpse of my former home. That's only sort of a joke.
I kind of miss chevy's, too. The food was...not the best. But when I worked at B&amp;N we were pals with the bartender and he'd make us some killer margaritas.
I remember Brentano's. When they were building the AMC on Palm there were rumors of a Borders going in there, too. Some of us at B&amp;N were tempted to jump ship. Never happened of course.
This exact thing happened to me in high school. Hurt like a sonofabitch.
It's baffling you're downvoted, you didn't say anythign that wasn't 100% true. Dukat was a definitive tv version of the charming psychopath. He wasn't anyone you'd ever want to be in a room with in real life but damn if he wasn't entertaining on tv.
So is he dead now or what?
Did they get it right?
I'm with you. Lofton can kiss my ass. Soon as he went back to Cleveland he started talking shit about Atlanta. "All they care about is pitching there. Offense isn't important to them." Asshole, why do you think you were here? He spent half the season on the DL, as i recall.
Not my favorites, really but anybody remember Damon Berryhill, Pete Smith and Lonnie Smith?
I'd hate to think of spending eternity wearing a tie or a itchy sweater.
First Entertainment CU is where you'll probably want to go
Realtor here: Get a preapproval from a mortgage lender (not a bank, BofA for example) They will tell you how much house you can afford and give you a preapproval letter. NOT a prequalification letter. Preapproval. Find a realtor. Give him or her a copy of the preapproval and tell them what you're looking for. They will set you up with alerts for properties that match your needs/wants. You can also ask a realtor for contacts on lenders, we always have names/numbers of people we trust. Also, stay off zillow. Ask any realtor, we'll explain why in great detail. Condos/townhomes may have rules against renting, that's up to the HOA.
Where to begin... First, zillow isn't really a site designed to help people find a home. It's a site designed to collect names, phone numbers and emails and sell that info to real estate agents who pay ludicrous amounts of money for them. Those "Zillow Premier Agents" you see all over the site? Those agents paid A LOT of money to have that ad there. It's an ad, that's all it is. The expense is justified, $3K for the ad and the list of contacts zillow will send, if they can get an agent one listing, net them $10K easy. Next, and this is most important, zillow is HORRIBLY inaccurate. Sure, some of it is accurate but by and large most of it isn't. Lots of it is outdated, wrong in many ways, you name it. Pictures don't get updated, prices, status of listings. I had a property that ended up as on the market for two years after we closed. Randomly, it will still sdhow a listing I had six years ago as available and I'll get calls or emails. Here's an example: I just did a search for a particular city, single family house 2+ beds, 1+ baths, under $900K. In the MLS, the real system, we pros use, there are 14 active real listings. Zillow? Zillow, same exaxt search, shows 36 listings. Zillow has stuff that hasn't been for sale for years. Stuff that is in escrow. Occasionally for whatever reason they'll have commercial properties show up. Empty lots. Places that were bulldozed and turned into condos years ago. Things it thinks *should* be for sale. Really. Zillow is just...bad. And wrong. Best advice: use realtor.com Realtor.com is basically the front-facing, public version of the system we use. It's updated from the MLS directly, it's more accurate and correct than any other search system out there.
HOA's can make up almost any bizarre rule they want. It's very not uncommon for them to forbid AirBnB and renting out the whole unit.
Fair warning: FHA approval is notoriously difficult on condos/townhomes.
Never to late for HLOTS. It'd be weird to see him in some sort of Batman role since the Gotham Central comic was such a thinly veiled version of Homicide.
Yeah, no problem, always happy to help. It's true, there are real listings on there but there's *a lot* of just bad info. The zestimates are the most wildly inaccurate info there ever has been. This is one of my favorite stories. I almost had a listing few years back, I comp'd the place, all set to write it up and she sees the zestimate that's $100K over what I priced it at. I explain to her how bad zillow is and she says list at that or nothing, I told her I couldn't do it, it'll never sell. It's a waste of everyone's time to list at that cost. She insists, no deal. She finds an agent who does list at that cost. So I keep an eye on it and watch as month after month goes by and they lower the price, lower again and again and again until after nearly a year it finally sells...at exactly the price I comp'd it at to begin with. So never trust zillow. As for the prices, I don't doubt your agent is giving you a really big number because that's what the market says right now but truth is things aren't selling at these prices. It's rough out there.
The ever loving fuck does that have to do with this?
Finally! I've been wanting to finish this series for so long but a couple of those trades are notoriously difficult to find.
...ok then...
Fun stat about what Burbank considers annual income requirements to qualify for "affordable housing" within the city: 1 person $58,450 - $61,400 2 persons $66,800 - $70,150 3 persons $75,150 - $78,950
I like this movie. It reminds me of my early 20's, working in a Narnes &amp; Boble. Good times, good friends. Sad thing is, for all the work they put in to save it, the store would be closed now, anyway. (IMDB trivia says the store it was based on actually did.)
That happened where the Discovery Cube is now, right?
Sylmar has a lot of fun, decent little places like this. Ever been to The Fix? There's some sketchy parts of Sylmar to be sure but there's some really nice parts, too. Lot of history ion this old town, too.
Enchilada Suiza, Sopes, traditional Burrito, Zarapes, fajita...Honestly nothing there I don't really like. Most things you can do some vegetarian version of which if good for those of who roll that way.
It's a decent little place, for sure.
Out of curiosity, how the hell does that get started? Like, you see someone else do it and think it'd be cool or just had it knocking around in your head, memories from some carnival as a teenager and at 40 you're like, fuck this grind, I'm gonna go breath fire. That's a very niche job market, I'd think, too. Is it a hobby or you do this somehow for a living? I'm not being a dick, genuine curiosity here.
Here's what you need to know about moving here, the short version: Come with at least $10K, come with a car, have a job lined up, find a place to live near that job. Anything else, browse /r/movingtolosangeles
That's one sumbitch of a hobby. Hell of an icebreaker with the new guys at work. "So, what do you do outside of the office?" "Hold my lighter..."
Holy shit...just found this, my family is from Cookeville, it's actually named after an ancestor of mine.
Tom Glavine
Who doesn't? It's Noni!
If it happens, sure. But I'm saying there's ways to bring the original cast back in the right circumstances. Movie franchise worked for Trek, why not Firefly, you know?
Most "recycling" has always gone into the trash, anyway. theweek.com/articles-amp/831864/recycling-crisis
Yeah and Inarra was supposed to be dying but since that was never mentioned onscreen I say that doesnt have to happen.
Only in that the places they mention, for the most part, exist.
90% of what Cheryl says is pure, dripping batshittedness and it's goddamn beautiful.
Never had a pager. I just never got around to it. I found one once at my work, left in lost and found for a month and no one ever called it or claimed it so I used it as a timepiece. If I got stuck in a conversation I'd just grab it and stare at it looking very concerned then say "I have to go."
...dude.
I'mnot saying he's poor by any means but when you think of money he has to spend... Agent, probably has people, family, a place in Minnesota, a place wherever he lives the rest of the year, probably has to pay for premium health care, he's only going to be 38/39 when this contract is up, depending on how it goes he might not play after that, he needs to maintain a lifestyle and who knows what job he'll have after that but it's certain he'll never make this kind of money again and he could live for another 50 years or more. It sucks he's not coming back but I get it.
Lube Center in Burbank
All true but the average family doesn't have the kind of medical expenses that come from playing pro sports, houses in two states, professional managers, travel expenses....they also tend to have some kind of income into their 70's and beyond, pro athletes retire at 40 not by choice. Pro athletes and movie star types don't live like normal folk. Could he have been fine with Braves money? Sure. But he'll be better with Twins money. It helps him keep living his lifestyle. It what it is. edit: to put it another way, he's rich and got rich people problems and wants rich people money.
&gt; Hard boiled detectives don’t get happily ever after Thank you, good night, do you know how long I've been telling people this? Veronica is a Mike Hammer, Sam Spade, Phillip Marlowe character. They don't get happy endings. I honestly don't know how anybody thought this would ever end differently.
That's true and I admit to not knowing how far that coverage extends, to immediate family, mom and dad, in-laws, grandkids, etc. But they also get pensions after just 43 days of service. Like I said, rich people problems.
We get so emotionally invested in our teams and the players who make up those lineups that we forget how much of a business this really is.
All very smart. One of the key things is staying in your living means. Way too many people start making more money and begin living according to that income range. There's nothing wrong with incremental upgrades to lifestyle once you reach certain goals but you got to get there first.
&gt; anything can be proved in court, if you have the right lawyer Not necessarily. With the right pitchman people can be *convinced* of anything but *proving* something is another thing entirely.
I wondered if it was so Chuck could see they were putting the electronics away, leaving them outside and not sneaking them into the house in a pocket or something. He may not have always been watching but it might have been something that was done initially at Chuck's direction and then just became habit.
/r/LAjobs/ r/LAlist/
The only way I've ever been able to make people comprehend it was saying take a language you don't speak, french or spanish maybe, and look at a something written in that language. You can see that those are letters and they form words. But you can't read it. Maybe you'll get a word here or there but it doesn't make sense to you. That's what it's like when I look at a math problem.
I don't know...do people still use craigslist?
I once heard it described that the prosecution has the job of blowing up a balloon to level where it obscures the jury's vision of anything else. All the defense has to do is poke one hole in that balloon.
Reminds me of that episode of the Simpsons with Ringo Starr.
It's like any other loan and also definitely not like any other loan. There's lots of factors and income is one of them. If you're interested, PM me and I can put you in touch with a mortgage lender who can give you specifics.
He was, in fact, in *five* episodes of TNG.
She'll always be from "The State" to me.
Come with at least $10K, come with a car, have a job lined up, find a place to live near that job. Anything else, browse /r/movingtolosangeles
Come with at least $10K, come with a car, have a job lined up, find a place to live near that job. Anything else, browse /r/movingtolosangeles
Realtor here: yes. No, I don't know when. Spring/summer is buying season so there's going to be more inventory so maybe you'll have better options. Best I can give you right now.
If you truly encounter these things on such a regular basis that it ruins your life in L.A. you might want to consider changing things up a smidge.
Here's what you need to know about moving here, the short version: Come with at least $10K, come with a car, have a job lined up, find a place to live near that job. Anything else, browse /r/movingtolosangeles
You don't have to be a boomer to think this is a bad idea.
I wanted one like this in the worst way back in the day but I was too poor to afford one.
&gt; doesn't mean the old one disappeared. Studios certainly tried to pretend it did.
They completely abandoned the Prime universe in favor of alternate realities and prequels. It took 20 years to get any forward momentum. That seems to say something.
Sylmar checking in!
/r/bottlebrush/ is waiting
https://earthquake.usgs.gov/earthquakes/eventpage/ci39277736/map https://twitter.com/bigQuakesLA/status/1219888435646742529 According to the USGS map it was basically in Sylmar. No wonder it felt like that.
Or just a moderately sized little temblor to relieve some geological tension. Let's think positively here, yo.
Yep. Way too close. I was evacuated during Saddleridge, I don't need anymore shit to give me PTSD right now.
If it scared anyone enough to leave town, PM me, I'm a realtor, happy to sell your house to some eager transplants don't know any better. :)
I always come back to Mork &amp; Mindy. I know he went on to do so many other arguably better things but that was what I remember from being a kid. My mom loved the show and watched it all the time. If you haven't seen the Howard Stern interview on Letterman where he talks about wanting to interview Robin Williams it'll break your heart.
I remember one wondrous spring night when the clocks changed for an hour, the Spice channel came through perfectly clear. Then it was gone. I waited until the clocks changed again in the fall and the following spring but it never happened.
&gt;I don't see any reason for Kate and Luke to suddenly move to Bruce's house and start using his own Batcave Unless she moves to the Manor house. I mean, where exactly is she living, anyway? Is there an apt in the Wayne Enterprises building? Probably easier/cheaper to build that set than a Wayne Manor/full batcave set.
It's not gone. It can exist just as easily as the tv canon. If people can accept that the Abrams movies exist as an alternate reality then this can exist the same.
Cheryl is crazier than a rat in a backed up tin shithouse and I'm not sure I've ever understood anything she's said I just know it sounds mean and makes me laugh.
&gt; None of them were handled well. To be fair, no one on this show handles anything well. Ever.
Same. I tried DirecTVNow, Hulu live, Sling, pretty much everything but YTTV 'cause I figured it would be the worst out of the pack. Turned out to be exactly the opposite.
Here's what you need to know about moving here, the short version: Come with at least $10K, come with a car, have a job lined up, find a place to live near that job. Anything else, browse /r/movingtolosangeles Answers are likely in there somewhere.
When I was a kid I was at the beach and I'm playing in the surf and there's this smaller kid standing waist deep or so in the water a few feet away. He's crying. Like screaming his head off, not moving, not doing anything but standing there screaming. His mother, I'd seen them together earlier, was lying on the beach tanning. She didn't notice for a bit. Finally, she eventually sits up and notices him crying. She waves for him to come back on shore and he just stands there, crying. She comes down to get him and picks him up out the water and a jellyfish falls out of his swim trunks.
Notary here. It's a one day class to get commissioned but it really doesn't teach you everything you need to know. You can screw up real easy. If you get commissioned pay for a membership with the National Notary Association based in Chatsworth. The hotline is worth it. There's set limits what you can charge for services ($15 for acknowledgement for example) but not on your time, so $25 for travel or $50 outside of a 50 mile radius or something like that. Getting the E&amp;O, journal and stamp is a hundred bucks or so and then it's up to you to hustle and start finding a way to promote yourself. You won't make a living but if you can find some contacts who always need that stuff, lawyers or realtors, folk like that, you can make a few dollars here and there. Browse /r/Notary/ and /r/NotaryPublic/ for more info.
The one day commissioning seminar gives you the basic info but the actual process is entirely different. I did some consulting for the NNA and it's well worth the annual membership 'cause people will bring you the weirdest stuff to notarize and the hotline will tell you what you can and cant do along with details on new and updated laws and forms. If it's not notarized accurately with certain precise wording the state can reject it and then you're on the hook for it. Edited my reply above with some notary subreddit links.
&gt;your other favorite finales not mentioned in this thread? LOST ...yeah, I said it and I meant it.
I was telling my girlfriend last night this is exactly why I love Orville so damn much. It's good characters, it's exploration in a future that doesn't totally suck. It feels like a genuine continuation of TNG. I tried watching Picard and it was a decent show but it didn't feel like Trek to me. Everything has to be war and distrust and anger and xenophobia. Of course there's going to be conflicts but it doesn't have to be the main focus of everything. That was what made episodes like Best of Both Worlds and DS9 as a series so brilliant. They weren't the norm. It was part of a whole. Even as much hate as Nemesis gets it ended with a spark of hope, peace with the Romulans, maybe. There was light in the darkness. Everything now just seems like all around misery. There's no more seeking out strange new worlds and new civilizations, there's o boldly going where no one has gone before, it's just being miserable and fighting wars. The Orville is amazing because it shows a future that isn't 24-7 awful and they are exploring, they are doing new and exciting things and bonus they have fun doing it. I love it. It's the best Star Trek in decades.
My upvote will be but a pebble under the boulder of your downvotes but you have it nonetheless. You ain't wrong about a single thing. I kind of enjoyed the show but it just didn't feel like Trek to me.
Here's my thing, there's a place for stories like DS9 but it doesn't have to be all we have and I think the criticism is it seems like that's all we get.
Remember: you're there to sell yourself, not the house.
Shinzon wasn't just after Picard. He needed Picard to survive but his goal was wide scale annihilation of the Federation. Accomplishing that goal meant ridding himself of anyone who present opposition. A senate body that represented votes and political opinion was a clear threat to him and his dictatorship.
It's not a rehash of TNG we want but rather a show with the spirit of TNG. This isn't that.
Actually, they did make a show like that. It's called The Orville. That show feels like a continuation of TNG spirit. Here's my thing, it's *all* like this now. Every show, every movie, it's dark and dystopian and the government is evil and corrupt and xenophobic and it's like that *all the time.* TNG and DS9 showed not everything was perfect but those were the exceptions, not the norm. The dark, bad part of everything is now the norm and that's all we get. I'm just kind of tired of it.
&gt;this show doesn't have the same spirit as TNG, that's true. But I don't know anything that does have that Ever seen The Orville? Yeah, I know. But what are they doing on that show? Seeking out new life, new civilizations, going where no one's gone before. Take away the fart jokes and sex humor and it could be a Star Trek series. I'm just saying, like you, that TNG was a response to TOS and a new Trek should be a response to TNG. "All Good Things..." aired 26 years ago and it was all about Q telling us our next trek was about exploring the unknown reaches of existence. We should be moving toward that. A quarter century on we're back to xenophobia and wars. It's disappointing, that's all.
...no. Look, I don't care how good you can hit, if all you can do is hit you're not a ballplayer. You got no business in a lineup. DH is not a player. And maybe pitchers aren't great hitters but that's part of the game. I hate everything about this.
Military is one thing, the elected governing body is another. It was said the Remans were fighters during the Dominion war, they were clearly more aggressive than the Romulans. If needed the Remans could have overtaken the military, too most likely. Or maybe the Romulan military just respected Shinzon's military prowess. But controlling the senate is a different matter. That would be like a low level military commander asassinating the president and expecting the joint chiefs and congress to accept him as commander in chief. Wouldn't happen, they needed to be removed, as well.
Just because something's been around a long while doesn't make it right. I know I'm not alone in loathing the DH but I know it's coming. So....whatever, right? I'll be that old man shaking his fist at the sky and saying "Back in my day we played real baseball!".
Good for him. All around. I like the kid and hope he does well.
It'll always be Lemke's number to me, anyway.
Agreed. But, and as much as it pains me to say it, Hayward, insofar as we know, never cheated to get his WS ring.
Along those lines, [this fine human being I saw tonight](https://i.imgur.com/0M9QJY3.jpg). For an extra shitty person bonus he left his dog in the car.
[If you really want to know what happened with the pineapple....](https://www.buzzfeed.com/emilyorley/how-i-met-your-mother-pineapple-mystery-solved)
Realtor here. There's a few things going on in this market. Who can afford to buy? One, mostly it's people who have owned before and sold, using equity/proceeds to move up or downsize. Two, family money. Lots of people get big down payment help from family. Three, be independently wealthy. Some folk are just that lucky. Four, save. For a long time. Five, first time buyer assistance programs. Now that one is unfortunately getting more and more rare. FHA loans are still very much a thing but sadly, in this market, they just aren't that viable. FHA loans are 3.5% down which is basically nothing. In a different market that can actually go a long way. Not so in this one. An average 3 bed, 2 bath house at $700K for example, 3.5% is about $24K. Firstly, that's still a lot to come up with. When that same house was $500K, $17K is a lot easier to come up with. Secondly, at $700K list that 3.5% down still leaves $676K to finance and the property has to appraise that and more and more often they just won't. When it won't appraise at the amount needed to finance, lenders won't lend. So the FHA buyer with 3.5% down on a $700K house can't get that property. Agents know this, we explain it our sellers and those FHA offers simply don't get accepted. It's unfortunately a waste of everyone's time. What makes it worse, the condos and townhomes that are in the price range for FHA buyers, most aren't FHA approved. So that leaves a lot of potential buyers who simply can't get a home. Believe me I know, I'm experiencing it firsthand. I work with a lot of first time buyers and this market is taking a big wet bite out of my ass. 2019 was a rough year, financially speaking. First time buyers are my bread and butter and they just can't afford to buy. It's going to take a shift in the market to make it viable for people to buy again. A lot of us thought it would have happened by now but nobody really expected the political climate to shift the way it did and keep interest rates this low for this long. If the rates had gone up, prices would have gone down. Fwiw, this isn't really a "bubble." Bubble implies something boosting the prices and keeping them up artificially, unwarranted like the economy in the early 2Ks before the recession. That economy was a bubble built on, among other things, an unfounded real estate boom. When it drops this time it'll be a more organic, natural progression into a buyers' market. Until then, you either have the money or you wait it out.
I don't know. I mean, red herrings, twists, murder close to the detective, the detective gets in over their head, detective gets romantically involved with the possible killer...it's very much a classic detective story.
She read the James Bond Villain Playbook.
PD spotted a stolen, vehicle tried to pull it over and the driver bailed, took off on foot. They're still searching the area for him. So sayeth citizen app.
Dryer caught fire inside an apt, so sayeth the citizen app. They got it out, not sure about damage.
Friend is a bus driver. It's more a mixture of relief, annoyance and "aw, shit." Relief because they actually get to do the job. Annoyance because a large group of people is going to take a while to board and there's possible complications (wheelchairs, bikes, people not paying, etc) that can take time and slow them down and put them behind schedule. "Aw, shit" because packed buses can mean standing room only and that can lead to accidents like falls.
20 mins...assuming you're looking at 8 AM then double that time, easily. Make it at least an hour if there's an accident or some other incident on the freeway.
Camelot Moving 800-499-3112 or 661-255-3112 I'm a realtor, they've moved many of my clients and just moved my mother in law last month.
Logix is probably the biggest around. But whatever industry you work in probably has a credit union specific to your field. First Entertainment for example, LA Police, etc.
Which should have ended after season 2 though, let's be real. It was a hard, fast downslide after that.
First time I heard this song I misheard the lyrics "reproductive glands" as "rape the dog with glass." I was a teenager and stoned so that might have had something to do with it.
Roll on back...no more combo? wtf is this happy crappy? Is this a covid thing, and it'll be back eventually or is just the new normal?
Sylmar, checking in!
All else aside, as far as the name only, I always felt like the name "Kara Zor El" registered with people as something totally alien that just happened to sound like our earth name "Kara" the same way "Kal El" sounds like our "Cal" or J'onn J'onnzz is "John Jones." I don't know if we've ever heard it spoken in Kryptonian but I wouldn't be surprised if it had a different sound in her native tongue than it does in our english.
Remember finding them broken on the road and the tape could be scattered for like a mile?
There's a rather interesting documentary called Hillbilly about the lives of those in Appalachia, they visit this guy and talk to him.
Seriously. Someone should get a gofundme or something to give the dude a week in L.A., get him an airbnb and a day at Disneyland or Univeral Studios or something.
This is why you get a buyers' agent. Never do dual agency.
No problem. Good luck in your endeavors, whatever they may be.
Savings/bank statements, income history, tax records, credit history. I'm a realtor and my income is sporadic so it's usually a combo of bank statements and tax records when I've applied for loans/mortgage.
Here's the thing: The houses sell themselves. What you're selling is yourself and your services. If you're a gregarious type then that's good, you'll be able to network easily and people will trust you and it should help you a good bit. I'm naturally more introverted so I wouldn't seem a good fit for this work but I make a fine living because I love to explain things and help people. It's why I work a lot with first time buyers, they tend to need a lot of handholding and education in the process and I'm good at that. As someone else said there's a place for all types in this business.
I as working at a bookstore when Titanic came out. You could've just stood at the door and handed out copies of that book as people walked in. "Welcome to Narnes &amp; Boble, here's your copy of Titanic. Welcome to Narnes &amp; Boble, have a copy of Titanic. Narnes &amp; Boble, here's Titanic..." *Thousands* of copies on backorder. Thousands. They all thought the movie would bomb so they had a limited run on the first printing and then they found out 14 year old girls loved Leonardo Dicaprio.
A soapdish? I would have expected la chancla.
The professional photographer for my listings I have does virtual tours. Also, I refuse to have a damn thing to do with zillow.
Burbank, Glendale, Pasadena, Crescenta Valley (La Crescenta and La Canada) Santa Clarita all have their own school districts, all very good. If you're in LAUSD territory it's hit and miss, consider private school. Also try browsing /r/MovingToLosAngeles
Yeah, it was expensive, I remember that. And remember all the girls who bragged about having seen it five, ten, fifteen times in the theater?
You're likely to get the more affluent in those areas that's true but the crazy rich, with some exceptions, are more likely to go to private schools regardless where they live.
Well there's certain to be some rich and some crazy and maybe even rich and crazy but crazy rich is another thing entirely.
I didn't like Superman Returns but his portrayal in Crisis was top notch. Returns had a lot of faults but Routh wasn't one of them. And by Crisis he really grew into the role.
Here's what you need to know about moving here, the short version: Come with at least $10K, come with a car, have a job lined up, find a place to live near that job. Anything else, browse /r/MovingtoLosAngeles Answers are in there somewhere. Also, when it comes to neighborhoods, cheap or safe--pick one.
Seriously. That's one of the best scenes in all Trek-dom for me. The friendship of Kirk, Spock and McCoy exhibited in that movie and that scene was beautiful.
Bookstore in the North Hollywood mall. Remember that place? Never reopened after the Northridge quake. NoHo West is there now.
As far as where you want to live, this might be helpful: /r/MovingToLosAngeles/ Best rule is live close to work. As far as knowledge of the area, I'm an L.A. based realtor, some of us have specialties and know some areas better than others but realistically we work all over.
Dream Warriors is objectively the best but it's perfectly okay to like/enjoy something like Freddy's Revenge or Dream Master a tiny bit more.
No.
I hear ya. I lived in a neighborhood where it was so bad, they shot them off so close to my house it shattered one of my windows, they caught my roof on fire, my yard. I just hoped against hope to see one of them lose a hand but it never happened. My brother in law wouldn't even come to my house, he'd served two tours in Afghanistan and said it gave him flashbacks. I wish like hell calling the cops did something but it's constant everywhere and they got far too much going on to concern themselves with fireworks that won't be stopped so...is what it is. I moved to a gated community with an HOA and standards against scum and now I only hear them in distance.
Guess it depends on what you're looking for. Sounds like the beach is a thing you want. You looking for exciting and fun, nightlife or something more chill and layback? Also, if you can afford $7K a month on rent have you considered buying? Might save in the long run and build some equity.
I'd say if you want to stay in L.A. then Santa Monica is your area. Enough beach vibe to be relaxing but with a healthy dose of entertainment options and not out of the question to head further inland for other doses of the nightlife. Huntington, Newport, I'm no expert in the OC so can't tell you for sure. But if you want to buy, brother, you let me know.
Not completely. You'd have to have a purchase agreement in place before you start surveys and so forth. You'd still have the ability to back out but it would probably end up costing you the price of the surveys, etc plus any earnest money depending on the timing involved. Those types of surveys and tests are likely to be longer than the grace period for getting your money back.
Not necessarily. If you have a job and you work with people you generally get to know some people, that's where most of my friends came from, especially before the internet. Now you also have meetups, groups, etc. L.A. is a huge place with millions of people from all walks of life into all manners of interests. You're bound to be able to find people with whom you can associate and befriend. Might take a while but you can get there.
First thing, you're not "getting back" anything. The realtor's commission is paid by the seller. The realtor is probably dropping a half percent to one percent off their commission since they don't have to split it with a buyer's agent. That's a perk to the seller, not the buyer since you don't pay them. If you want to negotiate a lower price or some other concession you need a buyer's agent to work for you only. What you have going now is called dual agency. It's legal in California but many agents I know won't do it because of the potential for legal issues when it comes to conflict of interest. It's illegal in some states because of that. As far as your wife getting her real estate license, unless she actually plans to pursue a career in real estate it's not worth it. It's expensive, time consuming and will do you no good whatsoever in this transaction. Go get a buyer's agent to help you. This is why we exist.
People completely forget this movie exists. Whenever I tell them about it they look at me like I'm crazy until they google it. It's fun to watch their faces turn from skepticism to bewilderment to amused.
Must've been a varmint outside. Mine does that if there's another cat or raccoon or dog. Curiously she seems perfectly accepting of the occasional opossum and even the skunk that one time. Actually really glad she didn't decide to antagonize the skunk.
Realtor. Love it. Love what I do.
These resources might help. Should you get a licensed contractor? Yes. Must you? Legally...yes. Once the plans are approved it's not as if the city will have someone sitting there watching you build it and making sure you do everything correctly. They'll probably do an inspection eventually, though. http://planning.lacounty.gov/adu/ http://planning.lacounty.gov/assets/upl/project/adu_interim-summary.pdf https://citylab.ucla.edu/adu-guidebook
If a boy, Robert Kirk Hofstadter (Robert after Oppenheimer and Sproul, Kirk after, obviously.) If a girl, Marie Leia Hofstadter (Marie after Marie Curie and Leia...you know.)
We know from later he was there when they blew it up that's why he just pushed the button, he knew it was just destroyed in there and couldn't be fixed. He was just joking around. That's my head canon, anyway.
I need to know this, too. Did they cover a massive amount in closing costs?
Gregory Brooks in Burbank https://m.yelp.com/biz/brooks-gregory-m-dds-burbank I was pretty much the same, I'd have panic attacks just thinking about going to a dentist but Dr Brooks basically cured me of that. He and his people are cool, calm, decent, they put you at ease and don't give you shit about having been less than diligent about your dentist visits. I wouldn't say I exactly look fwd to a dental appointment but I'm not afraid anymore. Just tell them you got trauma and that you have issues with dentists and they'll kid glove you in a decent and compassionate way. Can't recommend Dr Brooks enough.
I was just telling someone today, depending on your take, Echo Park is either being gentrified or going through a renaissance.
That's funny! In the novelization of the movie it was actually explain McCoy had pulled a prank on Spock and changed the word "marshmellow" in his camping files to "marshmellon."
&gt;They had a good thing going with his character Did we watch the same Supergirl series?
Economics not being the issue, you really think this would be the best course of action for OP to take?
She didn't want kids anyway so she's probably agreeable to something like Robert or Marie and perfectly fine with Leonard taking point on the parenting front.
Gus Fringe playing arcade games, everybody...yo mama!
Disney be damned! Just give me Knotts Scary Farm!
First summer in L.A.? You whacky transplants!
Yeah, editing can improve the flow of a movie or it can render it an unwatchable shitshow.
Best live action Lex we've ever had.
I think it would have been the Death Of story. I remember an interview with Reeve before his accident where he mentioned that possibility and wanting to do another movie before he was too old.
/r/movingtolosangeles
Molly Morgan, she comes from an interesting family. Here's an old article about her:. https://www.laweekly.com/meet-the-fabulous-morgans-the-castle-dwelling-high-flying-coolest-quirkiest-family-in-l-a/
It'll cost more than you think. Closing costs and fees add up quick. It's not HGTV, you won't look at three houses and think it over for a couple days. You see a house you want, you put an offer in asap. You won't get it. You probably won't get the first two or three you put offers on. That's just how it goes. Don't get dejected or give up. Think VERY hard about anything you might consider a "fixer." A little elbow grease and some spackle won't do the job. Anything you think, "no big, we can fix that" is a bigger job than you think it is. For every one thing you can see that's wrong, assume there's five problems you can't see. Get a good, experienced realtor that works with first time buyers and trust his or her advice. Good luck!
try posting in /r/tipofmytongue
Ah....so if I'd said "no" I wasn't about the pussy and I'd have been gay? Gotta love that early 90s homophobia.
Don't ever watch I Spit On Your Grave.
I was there until the microwave scene.
ST5 is entirely its own thing, nothing to do with any other movie. ST6 is the last of TOS movies and sets up some things that are in place during TNG era and some TNG episodes reference events in ST6 but they aren't directly connected and you don't need to have seen one to see the other.
That's why I said "good, experienced realtor that works with first time buyers." Some agents don't like working with buyers, first timers even less so. Get one of those and you got problems. I love working with first timers, love the education process and want to make them have the best, easiest possible experience because I want them to refer me to friends or others and also to come back to me when they decide to sell and move up. It does me no good to bs them or make their lives difficult.
DS9 is brilliant. So, so good. As someone else said S1 and S2 get it off to a rocky start but it picks up in S3 gets going. It's more serialized than TNG and has some amazing characters. Get ready to love Garak, hate Kai Winn and love to hate Dukat.
As far as I recall the Galaxy X couldn't fire whole cloaked. If it can, game over. If not, edge Sovereign. While there were heavy upgrades to the Galaxy is was still far older, bulkier and less maneuverable than the Sovereign. Galaxy was built during peacetime and the Sovereign was built during the Dominion war with the idea of facing Borg or Dominion forces in combat situations as well as being an exploratory vessel. Sovereign was built for a fight, Galaxy X was prepped against one.
I'm with you, brother. It has its issues, not going to lie. Effects are lacking in places, can't really blame anyone but the studio and the budget for that. Uhura dancing...I don't know about that one, that's Nemesis dune buggy level unnecessary but you just let it slide. But this movie has real heart. The theme of family, of friendship, it's damn good stuff. If you really enjoyed the original series you should love this movie since it's more like that than any other movie. Some slightly over the top action, a strange earth-like aliens world (couple of them actually) an alien masquerading as a god, the Enterprise gets hijacked and Kirk is the hero. It's a great movie, it really is. More than anything else the Kirk/Spock/McCoy family/friendship is never better represented than it is in this movie. My oft-stated take on this movie it's that it's my favorite TOS movie. I'll not argue it's objectively the *best* (that'll always be WOK) but it is my *favorite*.
Kirk. Dude, he paved the way for every other captain and set the bar, he led his crew to literally save the universe on more than one occasion. Picard is arguably a *better* captain and Sisko is the most badass but if you're looking for hero captain of Starfleet lore ain't nobody holding a replicated torch to Jim Kirk.
Yeah, first season is real rough. Just power through, it gets better
Grand Slam AC and Heating 818-407-0822 They been doing my AC for a long while, my in-laws, many of my clients. Based out of Northridge but I highly recommend them.
Huh. Well, like I said, he seemed ok with the answer so...whatever works, I guess.
Don't steal anything, don't break anything, be polite and don't take up the realtor's time with unnecessary questions or chit-chat if you aren't buying or planning to.
The phase cannon is a hell of a weapon but from what we saw its range is extremely limited, seems like a straight on shot and that was it. The Sovereign could probably outmaneuver the Galaxy in a dogfight. But no doubt, it would be an interesting fight.
Yeah, you won't forget them. Trust me.
I'd agree with that, actually. I feel like, even though it had a touch and go first couple seasons, DS9 was always built with the intent to be more serialized so the setups were thought out a little more and the potential for what was about to happen later was pretty solid.
About the cold...be prepared for how quickly you get used to California cold. Your first winter here you'll be walking around in shorts and a t shirt laughing at the rest of us and by year two you'll be wearing a parka and bitching and turning up the heat when it's in the 50's.
I'd say take my comment seriously. I wasn't joking. I sincerely wish I knew spanish. I've only ever gotten a few words or phrases, enough to say "help" or "where's the bathroom?" stuff like that but I come across people literally every singly day who speak little or no english at all and being able to communicate would be tremendously helpful. My line of work, I'm a realtor, and not speaking spanish, that's a huge client base I immediately don't have access to. Sounds like from your line of work it'd be useful, too. You will meet people who speak fluent spanish, that's a fact, but learn as much as you can. It will be useful to you.
&gt; Is it possible to move without a car and less than 10k? Yes but you need to have immediate resources. A job lined up, something where you can start generating an income day one. And that's also when you need people here. Without savings, deposit, first/last rent, you'll never be able to get a place and you'll need someone who can put you up til you can get some savings generated. You step off the plane with no job, no savings, nowhere to stay you best pick out a shopping cart and a good freeway underpass because that'll be home from then on. The $10K figure is there for a reason--first or last plus deposit and credit check on an apt, choose unwisely that could eat up the $10K alone. If it's a reasonably affordable place you still have utilities, DWP, gas, presumably you'll want internet, deposits on all those, food to get by for a bit, that $10K could be gone the first month. Things here are expensive and money can disappear quickly. Not trying to scare you or dissuade you, just trying to make you aware of the reality and the reality is it can be difficult. People move here everyday. Not all of them make it. But plenty do. You got time, get prepared and L.A. wil still be here when you're ready.
Good luck, brother.
Yeah, we need to network and talk to actual interested buyers, hell the main reason we do opens is to get more clients. If you're distracting from that then you're a problem. But otherwise, come on in and look around, it's all good. Just don't be a nuisance and waste my time.
That is *not* Mel Tormé.
https://travel.state.gov/content/travel/en/us-visas/immigrate/employment-based-immigrant-visas.html That's info on a work visa. Honestly, I'm far from an expert on how one would legally and legitimately get here from another country. The only personal experience I've had is an ex who had dual citizenship thanks to her parentage. I know there's been questions about moving here from the UK, search in /r/movingtolosangeles for "UK" and one of those posts will probably have more answers.
The 100 is often compared to Lost and for good reason. Think of it as a teenage sci fi CW version of Lost...it's got a rough start but it gets pretty decent later on. I mean, it's the CW so if you can just accept that and go with it you'll br fine. In a similar vein, there's The Society on Netflix.
Depending on who's telling the story, Dr. Banner was named David instead of Bruce like in the comics because CBS execs thought "Bruce" sounded too gay or the producer named him after his son, David.
SAUSAGES!!!!
Apparently it's actually called "The Lonely Man Theme". Guess you know what you're getting with a name like that.
Yeah, I'm inclined to believe the "too gay" version. Just seems more like the kind of thing that would've come out of 70's Hollywood.
Glendale sits in a weird spot. If you look at the map it's all over the place. There's actually stretch that splits La Crescenta and La Canada that's technically part of Glendale. I see it thusly: Everything west of Glendale/Verdugo/La Crescenta Blvd and south of Honolulu is the SFV. East of Glendale Blvd and south of Honolulu is the SGV. Honolulu and north of it is the CV. The bulk of that territory is in the SFV so in a general sense I would say Glendale is part of the SFV.
Safe, cheap...pick one then browse /r/movingtolosangeles. Answers are probably in there somwhere.
Are you going to school or is that area just what you're familiar with somehow? If it's school, ok keep looking but if not, open your options a bit. Are you working, jobs lined up? 'Cause you'll want to live near work. You don't want to move into a place by USC and then commute to someplace like Burbank for work.
I remember when burning cd's was the newest most badass thing you could do. You got a CD burner?!?! Dude, copy me some stuff!!!!
Try Lube Center in Burbank. https://www.yelp.com/biz/lube-center-burbank
Mrs. Santa's sister.
As bad as all this sucks, let's be honest, soon as the fit started to hit the shan and they cancelled spring training and announced a "delayed" season anybody that actually expected baseball in 2020 was kidding themselves.
You know what? I'd watch that. I'm a straight guy in my 40's with a beard and a shaved head but I've had cystic acne since I was a teenager. I actually do use a bit of makeup now and then to cover some of the really bad outbreaks. Trick I learned from growing up in a family with a mom, grandmom and aunt and no daddy. My business is dealing with the public so I can't afford to look like a mutant. If anybody's ever noticed they've never said anything but some advice/tutorials from a pro would be decidedly helpful. This is a fine idea, man.
Generations was a disaster. I don't know how they got it so wrong. It felt like it was written by people who had heard of Star Trek and once see an episode of TNG. "Star Tracks is all about Kirk and Klingons...and the robot guy wants to feel stuff? Oh, and they blew up the Enterprice that one time! Yeah, we're good, we got this."
I tend to think of these in three ways: One, you get a version that is interesting but unnecessary. The original stands on its own but there's no harm in watching this version. Two, you get the unfucked version, the one that we *should* have seen if the studio hadn't decided they knew better. Three, you get the version that proves *why* studios sometimes have to step in and sometimes do know better.
Moving Violations, man. OG Cheadle.
When I worked at a bookstore in the 90's this was one of our most stolen magazines. Never sold any but never had a single issue on the return order.
Same. I love the show but oh boy do I hate that episode. I'm also not a fan of musicals in general.
If you've never seen the extended versions of LOTR or KoH you've never actually seen those movies.
There's a fine point for that I suppose, that's just how I always broke it down.
90K in Torrance is more than good. Especially with no debt. What part of Virginia?
I kinda like Little Shop of Horrors. Can't think of any others.
That's exactly what I was thinking of as perfect example, too. I've always said that if you didn't like BvS the extended version might not change your opinion but it'll at least have the movie make sense.
I had a listing presentation, signed up three potential new buyers *and* my weight has dropped into the 170s. I'm liking this week so far.
Feels damn good, doesn't it? Three years ago I was 300+ lbs, 178 yesterday. I haven't been under 180 since my early 20's.
3/1, definitely. That third room will always win out, if it's another kid, relative visiting or living with them or a home office, the extra living space is always more desirable.
A second bath comes in handy but it's not nearly as important as the extra living space. You can make do with one bathroom but if there's an extra body in the house they can't bed down in the tub, you know?
Ah, Fritz...I sold him and his kids some shoes when I worked Sears like 25 years ago. He was a nice guy.
I want a cell phone case that looks like this.
Their children were smart and...well...
Lady Sheldon looks like she should have Klingon forehead ridges.
Remember when we all got our first glimpse of this game in The Wizard?
As the buyer you don't pay any agent commissions so why not get an agent? Someone who has experience and can do the heavy lifting as it were?
So first thing, there's two types of notaries: your standard Notary Public which most notaries are. Then you have your Signing Agents, these are the more advances notaries who do mortgage loan signings. They make more money but it's far more work and more expensive. You can go that route if you want but start as a basic notary public. The basic cost for a notarial signing, it depends on what type of notarial act you're doing but in California there's two main types: acknowledgment and jurat. Either one is $15. You can *only* charge $15 or less for those. There's no rule on what you can charge for your *mobile* services. You can charge $25, $50, $100 if you want for you to go to them. Certain things you can't charge for at all. For more info on that search "fees" in the Ca Notary Handbook: https://www.sos.ca.gov/notary/handbook/ So imagine you charge $25 to go to someone do a signing that's $15. You get $40. Do that five times a week, you made yourself $200. Do it five times a day for five days, that's $1000. Remember to record all that because it's taxable income you'll have to pay come tax time. As for your questions specifically: 1: Getting clients, it's your business, that's up to you. Anyone who will refer you is your friend. Make friends with lawyers, doctors, realtors, anybody who has a frequent need for this stuff. 2: Getting a notary commission is a couple hundred bucks, the E&amp;O (errors and omissions) insurance isn't much at all, different amounts can vary but I pay maybe $40 for mine. 3: You'll get the most basic of training during the course, it's one day, 4 - 6 hours, and it'll be not much help. I'm going to sound like a shill but get yourself a membership with the NNA, the National Notary Association. It's like $75 a year or something, they have a newsletter and website with access to a hotline that can help you with any notarial related questions you might have and advice, suggestions and so forth. You can also buy your notarial journals, stamps, forms and other essentials through them at a discount. The hotline alone is worth it because people will bring you all sorts of things to notarize and some of it will be completely out of the realm of anything you've ever seen before and you may be able to notarize it, maybe not, maybe under certain circumstances, the hotline is invaluable. I did some consulting with them a few years ago and still use them today. 4: Mobile notaries basically go where wherever the client needs them to be. I've done notarizations at houses, apartments, banks, hospitals, starbucks, I once met a guy in the parking lot of a strip club. 5: It may not be a big resume booster unless you're in certain professions (legal, real estate, banking) but it comes in handy and useful. It's not much to keep around and doing just a few a year will break you even. Never know when a friend, relative or coworker will need a notary service and you can be their hero for a minute. It's a fine tool to have at your disposal.
Reading. The Irredeemable omnibus edition was finally released this week.
Oh yeah, sold plenty back in the day working at the Narnes &amp; Boble.
We had them, too--the browsers and loiterers--but we sold plenty, for sure.
Well, it literally is 900 pages so there's that. Comic book collection. Superman-esque character suddenly one days loses his shit and starts slaughtering people. Cities, whole countries, millions for no apparent reason and it's left to the last few remaining Justice League type superheroes to find a way to stop him. There's actual Superman stories about this (Injustice) but this is the best version of this type of story.
I hate the fireworks as much as the next person but it does seem like there's a lot of bitching about them this year, moreso than summers past. I wonder if there's a new crop of transplants this year or if people are more on edge this year because of all the crap that's been going on.
I won this cassette in a radio call in contest. I was caller number 10!
I suppose I'm somewhat desensitized, I lived in a neighborhood for four years where they were so loud and so persistent--they were so close they set my yard on fire, my roof, they shattered a window, my girlfriend's brother was a marine who did two tours in Afghanistan wouldn't even come to our house because he said it was like being back there. I moved the hell out of that neighborhood finally but what I hear in the distance, I don't notice that there's anything different than years past. But that definitely seems to be the consensus, they're bigger and more of them this year.
I have a personal thing about guns, stems from some incidents in my youth I'd rather not get into so I won't personally have one, but I have no objection to anyone who does want to have one for personal safety reasons. I know lots of agents who do. To each their own. But I did learn my lesson when, early in my career I did an open house for another agent and found a squatter in this supposedly vacant property. Thankfully nothing actually happened then or has ever happened but if I have even the vaguest suspicion I might be at risk anywhere I have that pepper spray and knife. I do keep it accessible during open houses even in the best neighborhoods, you honestly just never know. Better safe than sorry.
It was, actually. Only thing, I was dissapointed when it came in the mail, just the tape in a little box, not even a note saying congratulations from the radio station or anything. I had no proof whatsoever I actually won it in a radio call in contest. I wanted to brag, damn it!
Article text: A number of changes to Los Angeles Metropolitan Transportation Authority bus service took effect Sunday as the agency sought to promote social distancing amid the coronavirus pandemic. Metro added trips to 95 bus lines and increased the frequency of stops on some heavily-used lines, the agency said in a news release. It is also adjusting running times based on faster speeds due to reduced traffic. Larger, 60-foot articulated buses will continue to be employed on some lines “to the extent possible,” the agency said. Other bus lines will continue to run on an enhanced Sunday schedule. A full list is available on Metro’s website. The changes are meant to help riders observe social distancing rules by adding capacity to buses. The transit agency has already taken a number of other steps, including requiring face coverings for all riders, stepping up cleanings and having bus passengers board through rear doors only. It’s also required bus operators to be isolated by a transparent protective barrier. The agency had reported 109 cases of the coronavirus among its employees, contractors and vendors as of Friday, according to its webpage tracking cases of the virus. Two people — a bus driver and a security guard who was a contractor for Metro — have died.
Try posting in /r/AskLosAngeles
Anaheim and the OC in general are a far cry from Burbank. Where is your job? You'll want to live close to work.
Realtor here. There's a reason the second is bigger but less expensive. First unit it smaller but more desirable for your complex. Your resale is going to be better on the first unit. Based on experience, this type of condo is often purchased by young, single professionals or couples new to buying and it's a "starter home" and they want a more active lifestyle so the hustle and bustle is fine by them. The amenities and lower HOA will be attractive to those future buyers.
Not likely. They weren't doing so well before the pandemic shitstorm, this just destroyed them.
Nah, it was just the fireworks.
In every relationship there's a reacher and a settler.
Yeah, I hear ya. It's here to stay, doesn't matter what they say now, we'll never see a pitcher in the lineup again. I know I'll get used to it and appreciate the extra power in that lineup but I won't feel good about it.
You're supposed to wear a mask, board at the rear, fare is not required and you should do the distancing thing. In practice, the only consistent thing is nobody pays a fare. But a large amount of people didn't do that before all this. So not much has changed except ridership is down about 70%.
Close enough. Lol... ;)
I actually enjoyed this. I felt like the casting was off, Seyfried and Timberlake are both decent actors they just didn't fit these roles, and the movie didn't quite ever achieve what I think it was going for but overall it was a pretty decent little movie. Don't expect too much from it and you'll be fine.
Exactly!
It's awful because I know it wasn't a stray, I live in a gated community, we don't have stray animals except for the coyotes. This was someone's pet and the people in my community are constantly warned about leaving their animals outside at night even in gated yards for exactly this reason. Someone was careless enough to let their pet become coyote bait. It kills me because my own cat is laying here dying as we speak. She's 17, she has FeLV and her kidneys are failing. She'll be gone any day now and I'd give anything for her to be young and healthy and vibrant again, like that poor cat was. But she can't. And that poor kitty could have had a good, long life. But because someone didn't care enough to protect him he died in that horrible, brutal way. He'll never be buried or cremated or mourned, he's just bits and pieces, just *food.* It sickens me. I'm so sad. Please take care of your little girl, she may not understand why you close that door but she's grateful if she knows it or not. I hope she has a long, wonderful life. Give her some good pets for me.
Max Lord should have just been recast. When Morgan Edge came in later they should have just called him Max Lord, nobody would have cared, we get it. He was essentially the same character anyway.
Exactly. It's business, we understand as fans/viewers. Do what you got to do. Better than just having someone vanish with no explanation.
I don't disagree with any of that, especially in regard to the comics version of the characters. The portrayal on the show, however, pretty same much guy.
I mean, I did like Batwoman. But if they legitimately go with this Ryan Wilder or whatever, I'm out.
I can't answer your question but i do have to wonder why you would do that to a perfectly good pizza.
Well, the whole rational world just wants a recast but for some unfathomable reason the official word is still that Kate Kane is no more and some rando homeless ex-junkie and dealer named Ryan Wilder will somehow get hold of the suit and in the name of vengeance and justice or something become the new Batwoman. CW is surprisingly good a lot of the times and when they aren't it's ok because, you know, CW expectations and all, so it's really saying something when they disappoint ya.
Honestly, I really liked this one. If not for the armor plated aspect it would have been almost perfect.
/r/movingtolosangeles. Your answers are in there somewhere.
Where are you working? Where you work here will largely dictate where you live. And are you renting or buying? If renting realtors aren't much help, it's a tiny part of our business at most.
Thank you.
I absolutely would. Thank you.
Silius is one of the best games of all time. The gameplay, the characters, the music is second to none.
I've never even seen this much bullshit on a cattle farm.
It was me at one point. They lit them off so close to my house it literally shattered my window. My yard caught on fire, damage to my roof. It wasn't fun living there. They say it's worse this year but I suppose living with that shit like that I can't tell the difference.
No worries, I moved from that hellhole years ago and never looked back.
Dusty was 17 years old. She died in her sleep after a week or so of kidney failure. She had a rough start to life. She was a street cat, brought into the shelter carrying a litter. She gave birth, nursed the litter, all of whom were adopted but not her. A cat died giving birth at the shelter and they gave that litter to Dusty, she nursed them and they were all adopted, too. But not her. Another cat rejected her litter and likewise, she nursed those kittens as well and you guessed it, they all got adopted, but still not her. She was red-tagged, one day away from being put down when a kind woman rescued her hoping to re-home her and give her a shot at life. My mom had just lost her cat and was inconsolable. Finding Dusty in an online ad, she was moved by the story of the cat no one wanted so she adopted her. It wasn't hard at first to see why no one wanted her. She was tiny but seemed to hate every other animal on the planet. Cats, dogs, birds, you name it, she looked at them with a glare that said "You're in my space. Leave it. Now." But not for a moment was she anything but gentle, sweet, loving and affectionate beyond words with my mom. And a couple years later, when my mom died, Dusty came to live with me. I made that promise to my mom, that if anything happened to her I'd take care of Dusty. So I did. And for the last 12 years that tiny little thing has ruled my world. I got up everyday at 5 or 6 to feed her 'cause she'd let me know if I was late. She was as loud a cat as I ever heard. I made sure I was home no later than 7 to feed her dinner, she wanted dinner at 5 but sometimes I could only get home by 7. It happened. Sorry, Dusty, it wasn't for lack of trying. Furniture was arranged to accommodate cat trees and towers and the heat was was always on during the winter, even when we didn't need it because she *hated* the cold. Eventually, she even learned to live with my cat, though after *two damn years* of separation and site-swapping and other various tactics to get them to get along. She would sometimes sleep on my hip or even my shoulder at night. She was almost always purring. She purred so loud. She didn't, so far as I could tell, suffer. She just ate less, she got weaker and slept more and more. Even her last morning I sat next to her and fed her whip cream (I know it's bad for them but I wasn't going to deny her something she loved so much, not at that point) and listened to her purr. She lay down and slept and drifted away, on her own terms. The way she did everything in life. I promised my mother I'd take care of her. I hope I kept that promise. RIP, Dusty baby. I'll pour out some whip cream for you.
My cat died during the night. Wasn't unexpected but it still hurts. It's so quiet without her in this house. Those of you with pets give them a little extra love today, okay? Never take a moment with them for granted.
/r/MovingtoLosAngeles
Realtor here. The realtor part of me wants to say buy, buy, buy! It's never a bad time to buy! But honestly, it truly depends on your situation. School ain't cheap. If you're just here for school you may not be here for the long haul, and if you aren't, buying doesn't always make sense. You want at least three years in a house to get out with equity and no taxes. You should strive for five years to be on the safe side. You might not stick with school and leave, you might not make that timeframe. And if you plan on leaving or going elsewhere after school you might not see enough return to make it worth your while. On the other hand, if you can afford it, if you have the intent to stick around and the desire to do so, then it might very well be worth the investment. It could end up being cheaper than rent in the long run and and you get that equity when you decide to move up or move on. But the hardest part will be getting into in the first place. The down payment is what precludes most people from buying, you'll want 10% to 20%, more if you can manage it. So consider your financial situation and your long term goals and go from there.
Thank you. And I hope wherever they are Dusty's nicer to Möösh than she was to any other cat here. She was always grumpy around other animals. But I have a feeling there's plenty of space for everybody.
They were good kids. They didn't always get along so being able to get that shot was a pretty lucky break.
lol...yeah, the privacy we sacrifice for our little ones, right? Part of the bag went with her for cremation along with couple of her favorite toys and the brush she loved.
I used to eat at Steve's all the time, been a long time and now that I'm a vegetarian I miss those old days...it'll be fun to eat there again, new twist on an old style. Looking forward to this!
