You had my curiosity peaked at "Italian American restaurant in the UK." What exactly does that entail?
I assume we call it that because a trunk is also a kind of storage container. After all it is where people tend to store extra luggage in their car.
When you said "Mummy/Daughter tea and cake thing" I had the mental image of a little girl having a tea party with an ancient Egyptian mummy. It's probably because I'm American; we say Mom and Mommy instead of Mum and Mummy.
I plan to see both on the same day :P
Well how do you explain calling it a boot? A boot is a large shoe.
Because the election is not supposed to reflect the will of the states, or the will of the cities, but the will of the PEOPLE. Believe it or not there are conservatives in strongly blue states like California and Oregon and liberals in strongly red states like Wyoming and Utah. Thanks to the electoral college those people might as well just stay home on election day; if it's a foregone conclusion that their party will lose in their state then their vote really isn't going to make a difference. Besides, the electoral college makes it so a vote in a small state is literally worth more than a vote in a large state (as in population, not geography). As a Californian my vote is only worth 1/4 or 1/5 as much as a vote from someone in Montana.
Because people vote; land doesn't. It shouldn't matter if the vote comes from a New York penthouse or a Montana ranch.
Let me ask you something: If rural communities were as heavily populated as urban ones would you still be so opposed to the popular vote? Elections are supposed to be about the number of votes, not where they came from. And the one question I have yet to see an answer about from the pro-electoral college side: How is it fair that a vote in Montana is worth 4-5 times as much as my California vote? I'm just as much a part of this country as they are, so why is my vote so much less valuable than theirs?
What it should be is a wake up call for you, that just because it doesn't matter right now doesn't mean it shouldn't matter. For someone to be "elected" without winning over a majority of voters is disgraceful; it should not be possible, and the fact that it happened anyway (twice in the span of 2 decades) means something needs to change.
Now I am also curious about something. In America we actually do have something we refer to as boots when it comes to cars. When someone is illegally parked the cops will sometimes put a heavy metal device on one of the tires to prevent the vehicle from leaving that spot; this metal device is known as a boot. Do you have that too, and if so what do you call it if not a boot?
I wasn't aware of this until now.
Conservatives get more hilarious the more serious they get. "Very stable genius" is still comedy gold.
Yabba dabba do!
Poor kitty :(
So you can honestly sit there and say that some random farmer in Montana deserves more recognition than I do just because he lives in Montana while I live in California? Also, your claim that number of votes doesn't matter is completely absurd. No matter what form of government you're in the point of elections is and always has been the number of votes; even if you narrow it down like the electoral college they still give electoral votes based on who got more votes in that state.
Giving the people what they want is not mob rule; it's service, which is what governments are supposed to do. If a majority of the population is in favor of something there's probably a good reason for it, so listening to them is the most logical response. And how is it fair that you get to decide to disregard big cities because you don't like how they're run but I have to bow down to the rural communities that I personally disagree with?
The system was also designed for us to own human beings as property. Not to mention for us to only allow white landowning men to have a say in politics. Oh, and slaughtering the Native Americans for their land. The framers were not flawless, and just because something has been an institution for a long time does not mean it's the right thing to do. Sorry, I guess I missed the part of the Declaration of Independence where they said "We hold these truths to be self evident, that all men are created equal, except those who live in highly populated areas."
No but it's as close to fair as we can hope to get, since it would be even less fair if, for example, you had 30% dictating how the other 70% live. Despite being much younger than a lot of other countries, the US has one of the oldest (if not the oldest) constitution in the world; most countries fully rewrite their constitutions on a relatively regular basis to keep it relevant to modern issues. I'm not necessarily saying we need to do the same thing and rewrite our government every 50 years or so, but when 9/10 dentists agree on a brand of toothpaste I tend to ignore the remaining 1.
Why do you think liberals are trying to restrict the 1st amendment? The idea that we want to restrict the 2nd isn't entirely accurate. Contrary to popular belief we don't want to outlaw all guns and take all of them away from people who already have them; we just want to make it harder for people who might misuse guns to get them. The problem is there's no foolproof way to make sure only responsible people get guns, but we're trying our best. I sometimes joke about it by saying "if you need an assault rifle to go hunting you must be a terrible shot," but I realize the pro-gun side does believe allowing more guns, even really powerful ones, really is the right thing to do. I may joke but I can respect the pro-gun side for fighting for what they think is right.
While this is a fair view it's sadly not very feasible. I don't know of any international accords that allow individual states or provinces to join them without the consent of their country's capital; when dealing with international matters it tends to be all-or-nothing. It's just a natural downside of having such a huge country; daily problems in one area can be totally alien to another. Here in California I've never experienced a tornado but have experienced countless earthquakes, so it would make no sense for us to follow a building code from Kansas telling us to build houses with tornado shelters (I doubt they have a law quite that specific but I'm just saying it hypothetically).
I agree; they should make the different tutorials optional so you can ignore the ones you already know how to do.
So, you're finally awake.
Every gen we get leaks like this that include some real info but a lot of what turns out to be fake stuff as well. There were a lot of fake leaked Alolan Pokemon in leaks that contained real ones.
Trombone plays *womp womp womp womp*
As a Democrat I can proudly say no.
I forget, isn't steel the thing not even Superman can see through, or is that some other metal?
Here in California our flag is just a picture of a bear.
I've always found it sad that our flag has a grizzly bear when we don't actually have wild grizzlies in California. We used to, but not anymore :(
Upward.
Don't badmouth toads like that.
What blimp? All I see is Trump. The likeness is uncanny.
I find it hard to believe you come home to this, because that implies that you had left the house in the first place. Why would you ever want to leave those puppies?
"Are you pondering what I'm pondering, Pinkie?"
Corviknight is a raven.
As all things should be.
Let the music play!
I would like this so much.
Sobble and Grookey (getting both games). I'll also do what I always do and start a file of one where I get Scorbunny and keep the file just long to trade it to the other game. That way I have all 3 of them between the 2 games.
Back when the Frog OTK was a thing I won 2 rounds against them using my Cloudian deck. Each time they ended up taking me out in the first round but I won in the 2nd and 3rd because somehow they failed to draw the cards necessary to activate the actual OTK.
I don't know but my brother and I wore out the Mary Poppins tape when we were kids.
To Xibalba? (I hope but doubt I spelled it right)
That movie was on VHS? Weird, I could have sworn it came out well into the age of DVDs.
Is that patience or is the dog just sleeping?
"I am the Lorax; I speak for the trees"
Does Mike know? I think Mike should know.
And this is why the electoral college needs to be eliminated. No matter how you look at it gerrymandering is cheating. If we used the popular vote it wouldn't make any difference how the districts are designed; all that would matter is what the people want.
All you need now is a ruler and you could be a 19th century schoolmarm.
Well its eggs should be pretty safe in there.
Is someone going to tell them?
Sadly I doubt it.
Here are 2 ideas I've had in mind for a long time when it comes to fossil Pokemon: 1. Frill Fossil. Becomes a Dimetrodon, a Paleozoic reptile that looked like a Komodo dragon with a giant sail on its back. Later evolves into a Spinosaurus, the mascot of Jurassic Park 3 and the largest terrestrial predator that ever lived (60 feet from nose to tail). I know those species weren't actually related by evolution but the design is just too perfect to pass up. Would be Rock/Water-type because the Spinosaurus is believed to have lived an amphibious life like a crocodile. 2. Fin Fossil. An Icthyosaur that later evolves into either a Mosasaur or a Liopleurodon. For those who don't know, this is a Liopleurodon https://www.deviantart.com/atrox1/art/Liopleurodon-ferox-605380907 I also had an idea for an evolved form of Relicanth based on the Dunkleosteus. The Dunkleosteus was a 30 foot Paleozoic fish whose whole body was covered in extremely thick armor. If they were alive today they would no doubt be bullet proof. Also, their "teeth" were actually just interlocking triangular extensions of their own jaws, and their bite strength would allow them to bite through solid metal like a hot knife through butter if they were around today. The name Dunkleosteus literally translates to "Bone Crusher" in English.
Then maybe Frill Fossil? Not quite as accurate but I guess it still fits.
"I did not order the escargot"
She does not like the Cone of Shame.
I think I can guess which one is the evil twin.
Shouldn't there be 2 of them? It takes 2 to tango after all.
I'm picturing the people from Wall-E.
What good is living longer if the only way to do so is to cut everything delicious out of your diet? I know how to temper myself when it comes to eating things like donuts and ice cream but I refuse to swear off them for life.
Whenever I hear someone say "I'm just big boned" my immediate response is "bones don't jiggle."
I have long since come to accept living with a spare tire, but I'm very careful not to let it go too far. I would hate to become obese.
Who did you expect to see in a park dedicated to chocolate?
This was probably a pretty big financial loss for the store because they'd have to toss out all that meat and sterilize the area... I hope.
I'd rather not.
And now I'm going to vomit.
I have seen some people argue that Sanders is too old. It's not that they think he's demented like Trump, but that there's a high likelihood that he'll die in office.
Apparently his doctor was Doctor Seuss.
"It took us 3 days to make that potato salad. 3 DAYS!"
Florida is like that weird uncle at the family reunion; nobody's sure who invited him and everyone's waiting for someone else to ask him to leave.
That's exactly what I meant when I said I know how to temper myself.
You don't know what temperance means, do you?
It's like Pokemon players who fill their teams with shiny Pokemon with no regard for competitive builds.
"I suppose you're wondering why I've invited you here"
She sees the secrets of the universe.
Long live the king.
Khajit has wares if you have coin.
I love how Republicans think an institution that has been around for thousands of years is all one big conspiracy by the left. I know modern colleges aren't exactly the same as the colleges in ancient Greece and Rome, but it's still absurd that they think this.
When everyone in the room is staring daggers at you it probably means you're the asshole.
As if Republicans know Latin. It's the language of science; it's like their Kryptonite.
Where's my drink?
Of the currently revealed Pokemon this is the one I am most eager to catch. I plan to have Grookey as my starter in one of the games and Sobble in the other, so Drednaw will likely end up on my team in whichever one starts with Grookey.
They could have sent a potted plant and gotten better results.
I never use older gen Pokemon on my first playthrough of a new gen. My general feeling is that they've had their time in the spotlight; it's the new guys' time to shine. I'll catch the older gen species for the Dex and use them after beating the story mode, but not before.
Mega Altaria is Dragon/Fairy.
I don't remember my first Y team but my first X team was Chesnaught, Gourgeist, Barbaracle, Talonflame, Aurorus and Pyroar. In my battle with Diantha I almost perfectly executed something I always attempt against the champions: a battle in which each of my Pokemon takes out exactly 1 of the opponent's. It was almost perfect (especially my Super Size Gourgeist beating her smaller one; I took advantage of her higher speed by using Phantom Force) but Aurorus was taken out by Tyrantrum so I needed Chesnaught (whose name was Barb because it was a female) to take it down.
Me too; I just save the old Pokemon until after finishing the story mode. However, if it's the sequel games like US/UM I will be willing to use some of the older mons. In US I actually made an effort to create a team with no 2 Pokemon from the same gen: Decidueye, Slowbro, Crobat, Malamar, Magnezone and Metagross.
To guarantee they have enough copies for everyone who wants one. This may be my own bias though; my usual Gamestop is on a college campus so they get a lot of business when new games are released. If I lived in a small town I'd be much less concerned about them running out of copies of the game.
This thread is turning into r/choosingbeggars. Preordering costs the same as buying on opening day; they're not charging extra for the preorder bonuses. If you were already going to spend that money on the game why not accept the free bonus?
Most of the games I preorder are ones I'm already at least 90% sure I'm going to love becase they're new installments in series I'm already a fan of like Pokemon and Legend of Zelda. It's not about hype as much as me trusting the company to keep doing good work.
I have never preordered a game that wasn't a sequel or part of a series I had played before.
We've been shmeckledorphed!
Dang Meltan is small; I had quite a bit of trouble finding it.
He uses it for the move Seed Bomb; he spits it out, snatches it back up and swallows it again.
What established lore about legendaries? As far as I'm aware they never claimed legendaries were unique, except a few very special ones like the lake trio and cover legendaries from gen 4 onward.
Probably because Rowlett is a bird.
How would that be inept? Last gen they gave him a pseudo-legendary. As we've seen time and again in the anime, legendary and mythical Pokemon are powerful but not unstoppable. Ash himself has won battles against Articuno, Regice, and Darkrai just to name a few.
He caught Meltan a couple months ago.
The league in the anime is not the same as the games; how do people not know this yet? In the anime the league is just a massive bracket tournament; it doesn't involve the Elite 4 or the Champion.
Never run from a cat; their predator instincts make them chase you.
Kukui's Incineroar would probably have very little trouble, especially since it has a type advantage. I'm not sure why but I fully expect it to be Gladion who beats Ash. Remember that Silvally is technically considered a legendary, so it would be on even ground with Melmetal.
Prepare for otter annihilation.
Mm, pig in a blanket. *Homer Simpson drool*
Has the anime ever explicitly stated that the winner of the League becomes eligible to battle the E4 and Champion? It seems to me that the bracket tournament is the whole thing in the anime.
Have they ever explicitly said that? I don't remember that.
Aw yeah!
"I am not a happy meal right now"
Time for a limbo contest!
I hope we get more Pokemon, specifically ones that haven't been mentioned in the leak.
I was thinking Fire/Electric because it's a real speed demon.
I don't think it counts. If you include it you might as well just include all the other birds like Swanna and Skarmory.
Let's see. Gen 1 had Rhydon, a Ground-type rhino Gen 2 had Donphan, a Ground-type elephant Gen 3 had Camerupt, a Ground-type camel Gen 4 had Hippowdon, a Ground-type hippo Gen 5 had Krookodile, a Ground-type crocodile I'm not seeing anything in gen 6 or 7 though
Koalas are marsupials, not bears.
Or Christian. He was Jewish.
Why won't he just die already? He's looked like the Crypt Keeper for well over a decade.
It should be even easier than that. Any one of them could just claim to be a regular pedestrian. Just play dumb if the cops show up, "What protest? I was just on my way to Starbucks and there were all these other people here"
Make them dress as a bellhop and personally open the gate for everyone who wants to come in.
One big concern I have is finding wild Pokemon over 10 levels higher than your own team members, just because it means you can then catch them and instantly have something way higher level than the other opponents you face at that point in the game. As if the EXP Share wasn't already making the game too easy now you can catch a level 26 when you're still at the point where your whole team is averaging around Lv 10-13. Even if your Pokemon are too weak to actually stand up to the higher lv ones in battle you could just throw Pokeballs and hope you get lucky.
I'm sad now. I stopped watching around the time they finished showing the Luigi's Mansion booth but by the looks of it they weren't planning to show any new Pokemon, not even the corgi :(
I will be very sad if Meltan isn't in the Galar Pokedex; I have 4 shinies that I've been saving in Go until I find out if I'll be able to transfer them or not. I would hate it if it turned out the only games in which you can use Melmetal were the Let's Go games, where there's very little actual battling. I want to unleash the full power of my shiny Meltans (I also have one shiny Melmetal and just enough candies to evolve all 4; I also want to wait to find out if I can evolve it in SwSh or if I still need to evolve it in Go before transfering it).
I hadn't noticed that. Hopefully that was a factor.
That has never been true for Pokemon you catch yourself. Ever since Red and Blue the only Pokemon known to be disobedient have been trades; as long as you catch the Pokemon yourself they listen regardless of level.
All this time I've been dying to transfer all of my Pokemon Go shinies to a main series Pokemon game, but this means a large number of them will probably remain trapped in my PoGo account for years to come. Just this morning I caught a shiny Latios in a research breakthrough; I doubt I'll be able to send him. :(
We've already seen a huge number of gen 5-7 species in the promos so far.
Yay! I hope they end up giving us its Pokedex info soon and don't make it just another mysterious cameo like that squirrel.
I'm not actually sure; there seems to be a pretty big consensus that Meltan counts as a gen 7 Pokemon. As far as I can tell the jury is out; I thought it was gen 8 at first but a lot of people consider it gen 7.
Yay, the electric corgi!
A Dark/Fairy type; our first new type combo of this gen.
Well this is creepy. I'll reserve judgement until I see what it says about it in the Pokedex.
Considering how small gens 6 and 7 both were I'd say even the small numbers we've seen so far are pretty significant.
That could definitely come in handy. Even if it isn't very viable in battle it could still be worth having on the team for a while.
I hope it's not still super early in development.
If you're a very avid raid battler 400 rare candies is feasible. Difficult but feasible.
I shall call him Sparky.
"I have just met you, and I love you"
Me too. My biggest complaint about gen 6 and 7 is that they were too small.
I was put off by the fact that all the Pokemon shown wandering around in the trailer today were older species, but to be fair that may have only been because this was a demo version and they didn't want to spoil too much.
"LET ME LOVE YOU!"
I was hoping for Fire/Electric because of its speed. :(
Was anyone else really put off by the fact that you apparently can fail to catch a Dynamax Pokemon? I don't know why I'm surprised but I am.
The Axew line is in the Galar Pokedex, and I'll be surprised if they don't include all the old starters.
The first ever Dark/Fairy-type.
I'll be surprised if it doesn't evolve, though it is perfectly possible that it turns out to be a serious contender all on its own.
I think that's the whole point. The beauty is in the simplicity.
It isn't; its name is Impidimp. It's Dark/Fairy-type.
That's what bugs me about hearing "in development." It could mean anything from "Only the trailer has been completed" to "it'll be ready tomorrow."
I agree; this is an unusual display of fandom toxicity for Pokemon.
Are you nuts? Before you even try to claim Grass/Ground is bad due to its double weakness to Ice, keep in mind that Grass/Dark has a double Bug weakness. Both of them have 1 type they're immune to (Electric and Psychic respectively). Grass/Dark keeps all 5 of its Grass-type weaknesses and gains the Dark-type weaknesses to Fighting and Fairy-types; Grass/Ground neutralizes its Grass-type weakness to Poison and the Ground-type weaknesses to Water and Grass. Plus, Ground-typing would give it an offensive weapon against Fire-types.
Cacturne: Am I a joke to you?
Quit crying already, people! Just because you can't transfer 100% of them YET doesn't mean you'll never be able to. In all likelihood anything that can't be transferred to SwSh will be able to be transferred to the eventual DP remakes and/or SwSh sequel. Just give them some damn time.
I'll be surprised if it doesn't evolve, so this does seem quite likely.
Aw, can't you at least give it a chance? It really seems to me like the simplicity of its design is going to have some deeper significance.
I like Aipom but I've always felt like Ambipom looks more like a rough draft that got fast tracked; the idea is good but the result is creepy.
Glad I'm not the only one who thought of this. The leak (which at this point might as well be considered 100% true) said part of camping with your Pokemon involves cooking dishes for them, so that may very well be what these ingredients are for.
"I am inevitable"
No. I want to enjoy the games for what they have, not mope about what they're missing. I have faith that the others will be able to be transferred to future Switch games; we just need to give it time. Besides, if you're so desperate to battle using whatever species are currently stuck in the 3DS, you can always just dust off the 3DS and play the games they're already in. Just because they missed the first train doesn't mean they're not coming; they're just waiting at the station for the next train.
You usually don't see this level of toxicity in the Pokemon fandom; I'm honestly surprised at just how childish people are being. This sub is turning into r/choosingbeggars
I like Vanilluxe; it's just so goofy that it's delightful.
Have they actually said anything about how big the dex is?
That part I didn't know. I guess that's their way of roping more people into actually doing the raid battles.
I'm curious about these ones. They look like the kind of games I would enjoy but I'm going to wait until I know more about them before deciding if I should try them.
Garbodor is one of my favorites from gen 5 &gt;:(
I hope that includes Meltan.
We already know the Snorunt line is in the Galar dex. Edit: https://serebii.net/swordshield/galarpokedex.shtml
I have absolutely no doubt all the starters and fossils will make the cut, along with at least a fair number of legendaries.
I've heard that the sensation of being tickled is actually a panic reaction.
Looks like a poster for a new Disney movie.
We're out of Bort license plates!
Exactly. If you're so desperate to play using your 3DS Pokemon that couldn't be transferred, just dust off your 3DS and play those games.
Finally I start seeing sensible people here. Over in the sub for Sword and Shield most of the people are actually pretty chill about this, but when I decided to check in on the general Pokemon sub I was appalled at all the whining and ranting.
No, it means you'll have to wait for the next Switch games before you can transfer them. They said each new game from now on would have a assortment of old species; they'll probably make an effort to not leave any behind for too long. I fully expect the DP remakes to include every single non-Galar Pokemon Sword and Shield don't have.
It's like these people have never heard of a business before.
I've literally never used him for a legendary catch.
No, you don't know that. If anything is likely to be included in the Galar dex it's starter Pokemon.
Yes, that's a good idea. Searching r/pokemon right now is making me want to preorder a second copy of each game just to spite these crybabies.
Even if they weren't planning to they probably will now after seeing everyone freaking out about "losing" their favorite Pokemon. After this freakout it would be foolish for them not to add the skipped Pokemon to their next games just so all of them are on Switch titles.
That's because they actually had a national dex. Now that they need to pick and choose what they can include they have a huge incentive to include all the starters. We know the Charmander line is there, so of course the other Kanto ones will too. I'll be very surprised if the other gen starters don't follow suit, even if they're only in the dex so they can be transferred (in other words, not actually obtainable without transferring).
Wait, did they announce that DP remakes are planned, or is it all technically still speculation? I fully expect it to happen but until they actually say it there's a little bit of doubt.
As much as I love Pokemon there are some in gen 5 and 6 that I can never remember the names of without thinking really hard about it. Through gen 5 I'm an ace at playing "Who's that Pokemon" but between 6 and 7 there are a few where I can remember the evolution lines and stuff but not the actual name.
They are currently only missing 2 that I will be genuinely sad if they don't add: Pumpkaboo and Dewpider. I love Halloween and Dewpider has one of the most badass shiny colors I've ever seen, so I hope I can transfer those over. However, I'm not about to jump on the boycott bandwagon just because they leave out a few of my favorites; I realize I can always just play SM or USUM if I want to use those.
Giving away all his top tier Pokemon, except Snorlax, Charizard, Sceptile, Glalie, Torterra, Infernape, Krookodile, Goodra, Heracross, Staraptor and Noivern. Not sure if all of those are considered top tier but they're all pretty damn powerful in the anime.
I'll be pissed if that happens, both because it will delay me getting the games and because it will teach these crybabies that they really can get anything they want by just complaining about it.
Wouldn't really be a delay if they haven't even announced the third one yet. I'm betting on the fabled gen 4 remakes being the ones that add in the ones that don't make the cut.
The general r/pokemon is totally going apeshit right now; they're making me want to preorder 2 copies of each game just out of spite. Well, partly spite and partly to show my support as a counter-boycott. Of course that would be really pricy, so maybe instead I'll ask for second copies of each one for Christmas (it wouldn't be the first time I've gotten doubles of a Pokemon game).
I didn't even know the Pokemon fandom was capable of this level of toxicity.
Tornadus: Am I a joke to you?
Pretty sure they said everything from Let's Go will be there, so all of gen 1 and the Meltan line.
If we get the Kanto forms we'll definitely get the Alolan forms. Besides the models for those already exist in the Switch thanks to Let's Go so there would be no stress adding them.
If you leave your dog in a car on a hot day you deserve to have your window broken.
To be fair it's not their cat. If you look at the crosspost you'll see it's not the same person. Not sure if that makes it better or worse...
That's just it though; if they add the Kanto and Alolan versions of a Pokemon it still only counts as one for Pokedex count.
What I do is buy one booster box of each set and that's it. No buying single packs. Maybe a special edition if it has a good promo.
I thought Starving Venom was banned. I may be thinking of something else...
Bomber, eh? I thought Bomber was largely ignored because it hogs the field; what could one use to counter the obvious liability in its effect? All I can think of is Stardust Dragon, and that would only work once per turn.
Well I'm sure as Hell not. Why would I want to wait a whole extra year just to get the opportunity to use Pokemon I've already used countless times before? They've had their time in the spotlight; it's the new guys' turn to shine. By all means I enjoy reusing older Pokemon after finishing the story mode, but I'm not going to put off the chance to use the newer ones just so I can do that (especially since I can always just play USUM if I want to use those Pokemon that didn't make the cut).
They created the tagline "gotta catch them all" over 20 years ago; there's literally no way they could have seen this coming back then. When the series first came out they only intended to have 2 gens, but the immense popularity made them extend it..
When I get the games I think I'll add a bit of extra difficulty for myself by not using Dynamax against the gyms.
If it ain't broke don't fix it. All we know about Home is you can't send anything not from Galar to Galar. There may well be other features that allow you to play with other people using the non-Galar Pokemon.
I'd rather get the games on November 15 than wait for them to "fix" something that I don't consider to be a problem. If they add the remaining Pokemon without pushing back the release, great; if they can't, then I'll take the current Galar dex.
Why do the good die young?
What exactly is that? A groundhog?
Because?
They've pretty much confirmed all of gen 1 will be there.
Technically it wouldn't be Giga Impact; it would be a MAX move.
Enough already. It's not a big deal.
"Old man River, that Old man River..."
You only eat ice cream when it's hot out? I eat ice cream because it's delicious; I don't care how hot it is.
Even if we don't get gen 4 remakes we know we're going to end up getting SOMETHING after Sword and Shield. Whether it's a gen 4 remake, a sequel game to Sword and Shield, Let's Go Johto or something else, Sword and Shield aren't going to be the last main series Pokemon games ever. There will be more in the future, and they will allow Pokemon to be transferred that can't be transferred to Sword and Shield.
Por que no los dos? Just because they don't have all 800+ Pokemon does not mean they won't be quality games, nor that they won't be done right.
By transfer. As far as the Pokedex is concerned the Alolan forms of Pokemon are just alternate versions like the 3 types of Wormadam or the 2 forms of Shellos. As long as one form is in the Pokedex the other should be transferable.
I would give you Platinum if I had the ability. It's like people calling Gamestop a scam because they sell used games for more than what they gave the people who traded them in. These people know nothing about the technical side of the business they're judging; they just see a minor inconvenience and act like it means the whole thing is a scam. Also, when comparing the Mewtwo and Pikachu folders, I feel like the size difference would be even more significant when you consider that Mewtwo has shiny forms while the partner Pikachu doesn't (I think).
Sadly serious logic rarely gets through mob mentality.
r/Pokemon is more like r/choosingbeggars right now. Everyone is going completely mental just because they can't get every last Pokemon in this region, as if they can't go back and use them in the 3DS either.
I know nothing about programming but even I knew right when this started that it couldn't be as simple as just uploading the files from the 3DS games. It doesn't take a rocket scientist to figure it out, but apparently the Pokemon fandom is currently experiencing a serious lack of rocket scientists.
That's what I'm counting on. They said you can't transfer everything to Galar but never said anything about what you can and can't do with the others while they're in Home. For all we know Home could have all the usual functions like trading, battling, even a Pokemon Amie or Poke Pelago function.
No but you can just not send them to Home in the first place; if you can't send them to Galar just keep them in the 3DS.
Since Switch games are kinda pricy I might just ask for a second copy of one for Christmas.
Now it says a loot.
I think all 4 you said you'd love to have are already confirmed to be in it (not sure about Garchomp but the others are and it probably is). You actually raise a good point. If they can't include everything they should leave out the redundant ones. The whole Kanto roster is pretty much confirmed to be there, so we also have Growlithe; add that to the corgi and I'd say we have enough dogs.
There's a BIG difference between making it 100% impossible to ever transfer anything from the older gens (as they did when gen 3 came out) and only allowing some for now and leaving some for a later game. None of the 3DS Pokemon are going to be trapped in the 3DS forever; some just need to wait for the next Switch titles to come out.
Nothing is being deleted. You can always dust off your 3DS and play with the Pokemon that are still waiting to be sent to the Switch.
I find it very unlikely that any of them will have to wait all the way until gen 9; what isn't in Sword and Shield will probably be in the fabled gen 4 remakes and/or the sequel game(s) to Sword and Shield.
Also, imagine having to hunt one specific Pokemon in a region with over 1000 in the dex. Each route would have so many different species that finding the one you're looking for would be extremely difficult.
Nah, they're not nearly that composed. Show a kid throwing a tantrum because his mom didn't buy him the toy he wanted at Wal-Mart; that would be much more accurate.
I hope we don't. I want the new Pokemon; I don't care if I can't get 100% of the old ones.n
I made a counter petition to keep the games the way they are: http://chng.it/qJRV5mfNj5
No. Anyone who needs 100% of all the old Pokemon in order to be happy is just plain spoiled.
It had to happen eventually. They haven't even said how many are being cut for now; for all we know they only left out the 200 least used Pokemon of all. And if one of your favorites doesn't make the cut there's nobody stopping you from picking up your 3DS and using them in there.
Iirc they actually said a number of years ago that they don't like using dick rivals. I'm fine with dick rivals but I guess some people aren't.
It also makes it more realistic. Unless you're at a zoo you don't usually see tigers in Australia or penguins in Europe. Not every country/continent on Earth has every single species of animal living it it.
I emailed support and told them to ignore the haters and keep doing what they're doing. I also made a petition to keep the release date.
It really sucks that people are completely ignoring all the great things about the games just because there's one thing they don't like.
What do you mean we didn't get the Pokedex info for the others that were revealed? So far we know the Pokedex information for everything but the E3 ones, the squirrel and the legendaries. We know that Drednaw is so stubborn that it often gets released; we know Wooloo is a very common Pokemon and its wool is used for all kinds of things, we know Corviknight is the strongest thing in the skies of Galar, etc. When new gens are coming out they always end up revealing the new Pokemon a few at a time, giving 2-4 of them once or twice a month.
Serebii only shows the ones that were in the gameplay trailers. In response to a question someone asked they explicitly stated that all of the Let's Go Pokemon will be able to be transferred.
Way to miss my point entirely. I said it makes it more realistic, as in more like what the real world is like. Of course you were able to trade Pokemon between regions before, but the question is whether or not that was realistic. If they had been limited by regions since the very beginning I wouldn't be calling it more realistic; I'd be calling it just as realistic.
No shit they don't all appear in the grass, but that's because they weren't even in a true national dex. They may have been obtainable but there was no dex data for any of the imported ones.
Then the solution is simple: don't put anything in Home that can't be put in Sword and Shield; wait until the next main series game with them in the dex comes out and then send them over. Pokemon has been making moves towards realism from the very beginning: Gen 2: Added genders, breeding, and shinies (to represent albinism). Also added day and night and Pokemon that only showed up at certain times of day. Gen 4: Added gender differences and Pokemon that were different based on where on the map they were found or where they evolved. Also brought back times of day, which had been dropped from gen 3. Gen 5: Brought dynamic weather and seasons. Seasons were removed later but they kept the dynamic weather. Gen 7: Introduced regional variants. Gen 8: Made it so not every single species is available in every single region.
They literally said that one of their main goals is to keep the popular Pokemon.
I never said every Pokemon spawned in every region; I just said not every Pokemon was available in the region. There's a difference between being indigenous and being present. Going back to my zoo example, there are elephants in the US but they aren't in the wild. Same thing, they were able to be found in every region only after being sent there from somewhere else. Also, no, they will not be stuck. They will just be waiting for the next games. Just because they missed the train doesn't mean they can never leave the station; it just means they have to wait for the next one to come.
I didn't think I needed to say that appearing via transfer is still appearing.
You said the dex is all 800+, meaning they actually have data in the dex. You also said this in response to me pointing out that all of them were available but not all had data. You're trying to argue against my point by second point by using my first point. Also, no they aren't. The actual files are not the same because it's not the same format anymore. No matter how similar the models are it's not as simple as just cutting and pasting them.
Throw the ball, don't just sit there taking pictures!
I didn't watch the whole thing but it looks like they're just doing indies today.
I was raised to believe the United States was the greatest country in the world, and that these wars were somehow our way of sharing our prosperity with the rest of the world. What an amazing lie that was. The rest of the world hates us, and we deserve it. Let's see if anyone gets the reference.
My thoughts exactly. Enjoy what is there; don't just sit and cry about what isn't.
"Machoke murders trainer" XD
No, because potholes, unlike an incomplete dex, can literally kill people. You can't compare a minor inconvenience to an actual matter of life or death.
Now if only we could come to the same conclusion, with a responsible person in power and the former dictator rotting in prison.
I'm more disappointed by the lack of Mega Pokemon; they helped make up for the ridiculously low number of species added in gen 6 (at least a little).
*Insert Goofy yell while running in terror*
There are 3 Evo lines I will be sad if they miss: Pumpkaboo, Dewpider, and Sandygast. Even if they're not added I'll still be happy about what is there.
I had a Garbodor as one of my aces on my first playthrough of Black; it did a great job when I battled the Flying-type gym leader. I named him Oscar after the grouch.
They've basically confirmed the whole gen 1 will be there, so Alakazam is safe. As for Metagross and Salamence I doubt they'll leave out any pseudo-legendaries.
I see the fact that it's a starter as a pretty good reason to think it will be there. They said they intend to add a lot of fan favorites and there's no question that every starter is someone's favorite.
I can definitely picture some legendaries but I doubt every single one will be there. Mainly I feel like they shouldn't, because I remember actually getting annoyed by just how many old gen legendaries were shoehorned into the gen 4 and 5 games. Unless they add a new mechanic similar to the Ultra Wormholes to explain why all these legendaries are appearing in this region it would be kinda excessive. Not saying I wouldn't be happy to have all the legendaries available, just that it may be kinda tricky for them to do so without making it seem too forced. Heck, I have a shiny Lugia and Latios in Pokemon Go that I would love to be able to send to a main series game; I can't send them to Let's Go because they're from gen 2 and 3 respectively.
Didn't Steven give you a Hoenn starter in the Kanto region in HGSS?
I'll be surprised if they stop short of 400. I'm thinking around 500, so they have effectively just over 1/2 of all Pokemon species.
It almost certainly will. They've pretty much confirmed that all of gen 1 will be there, and that includes Electabuzz. By extension it's safe to assume they'll also have Elekid and Electivire.
Yeah, I'm not denying that it's awesome. I'm just saying it might not happen. I like to assume the worst but hope for the best.
I never knew the Pokemon fandom could be so toxic until this started.
Remember that not all Pokemon that exist in a regional dex are able to be caught before finishing the main story; many also count as post-game content despite being in the dex. Gen 1: Mewtwo Gen 2: Either Lugia or Ho-Oh depending on the version and Larvitar Gen 3: Rayquaza Gen 4: Giratina, Cresselia, Regigigas, Heatran Gen 5: Kyurem Gen 6: Zygarde Gen 7: The Ultra Beasts and Necrozma
You said they don't usually appear but you forget that these are unusual circumstances. They never had to cut Pokemon for space reasons before so they always had some way of getting the starters from other regions via the national dex.
Hence my use of the word almost. I don't recall exactly where (hence not being 100% certain) but I read that they said everything from Let's Go will be available.
I very intentionally only listed Pokemon from their own regional dexes because the national dex itself is post-game content and anything that isn't in the regional dex would be redundant to add to the list.
Which is why it's fair to assume the other starters will be in the regional dex. They never did that before because they never needed to; they had the national dex to fall back on but don't anymore.
No, they never include older starters in the regional dex because they always had the national dex for them. Now that there isn't one they have a good reason to add them to the regional dex. As for avoiding overshadowing the new starters they can always make them appear post-game.
As I said before, just because a Pokemon is part of the regional dex doesn't mean it appears before you beat the game. They could easily save them and have them as gift Pokemon after you finish the story mode.
No, it's exactly what he's saying. He's comparing a game with an incomplete dex to a toy that's broken beyond repair.
I can maybe see the gen 4 ones and maybe gen 5 so they can save them for the fabled gen 4 remakes.
Because they said they're going to use an assortment of old Pokemon in every game; they never said anything about leaving any Pokemon behind forever.
By growing up eating a steady diet of only the finest paint chips.
After all people love making r34 art of Pokemon characters like Dawn who are canonically 10 years old.
In other words, a glass cannon. Those can be useful but risky; I'm more a fan of the moving fortress style myself.
And what if Smeargle is my favorite? (JK)
Somehow I doubt Link's Awakening and Luigi's Mansion 3 would be enough to save them.
Don't forget the models and animations for all the human characters, including all the models for character customization.
Pokemon is the highest grossing series in history; to say it will be fine is a major understatement.
Thank you for proving my point about just how toxic the fandom has become. To call this "lazy garbage" just for leaving some Pokemon out is completely ignoring the countless hours of work they put into the content that IS present. You're so busy feeling sorry for yourself because of what they don't have that you can't even be bothered to appreciate everything they DO.
Just look at the comment below yours. You couldn't ask for a better illustration XD
Iirc Misty is 12 while May and Dawn are 10. After all, May and Dawn both arrived on the scene as brand new trainers who had just reached the age where they can get their first Pokemon, which just happens to be 10 years old in every region up to gen 6 (they raised it for Kalos, probably for this very reason).
You're welcome.
Downvoting posts isn't toxic behavior; it's a perfectly reasonable way of showing opinion. Also, at no point in my post did I insult you. All I did was make a logical analysis of your argument and present my own take on it. P.S.: Nothing says "I know I'm losing this debate" like an ad hominem attack.
A Babeleye?
Remember, level of control has NEVER applied to Pokemon you catch, only Pokemon you get in trades. Also, if some of them are not catchable then I hope they turn off the shiny settings for those ones. It would be devastating to find a wild shiny and have no way of catching it (been there, done that).
I love the name Axel; it reminds me of one of the best characters in the Kingdom Hearts series.
He doesn't look so tough; he looks like a total pussy.
Fun fact: catnip is an EXTREMELY powerful insect repellent.
People don't own cats; cats own people.
That part I didn't know. I just assumed the smell scared them away, but it's more powerful than I thought.
No, bad! Chocolate is extremely poisonous to cats and dogs.
When I first introduced a new kitten to our adult cat the adult was terrified of her. The first time I saw them wrestling I watched very carefully because the adult was easily 6 or so times the size of the kitten; I was relieved to see that she was going easy on the kitten.
What kind of movie exactly? Knowing what he likes I'm a little concerned.
I thought that was a TV series.
Honestly I've never been a fan of ancient villains returning to try once again to conquer the world (you know who specifically I'm talking about). It just makes them seem less menacing when you realize they have been defeated before. It's so much more exciting when the villain is completely new on the block because as far as the protagonists know the villain might not even be able to BE defeated in the first place.
Presidential pardon incoming.
GREETINGS FELLOW ROBOT. BEEP BEEP.
It puts oil on the table.
Is it bad that I never hear my own voice in my head? Most of the time I literally just think in pictures. I know what I'm thinking but there are no words to it. There are only voices when I'm reading and it's never my own voice.
Yeah, that's going to make them go faster. /s
In one week we went from "Wooloo is precious and must be protected" to "Who's Wooloo? These games suck because of all the missing Pokemon." Nice to see us going back to the positivity.
Great idea, just keep standing there filming.
Back in gen 1 while everyone else was in love with Charizard I was more a fan of Blastoise. I always found an excuse to use the Water starter... and then we got to Popplio. Blastoise has freaking cannons on its back. Feraligatr is an alligator, which is way cooler than a flowery dinosaur and a big badger Swampert has only 1 weakness (though it is a double weakness) Empoleon is part Steel-type, giving it a lot of type resistance including neutralizing its weakness to Grass Samurott has swords. Swords! Greninja, 'nuff said Primarina is okay but I don't like that they made a Water starter with a design that actually limits its mobility on land. All the others are perfectly capable of moving around on land despite being Water-type.
This comment is as ridiculous as it is homophobic, good job.
Why do people keep calling it Howlet?
I'm still thinking of getting 2 copies of one of them, both to spite the haters and to have one playthrough with each starter without having to restart one. Not sure which one I'd get the second copy of though.
It's always possible they'll revive mega evolution in the future, but unfortunately I don't see that happening until after gen 8.
Nope. Not unless it means they remake Platinum instead.
If you feed them after midnight they turn into turkeys.
Nixon had Checkers, but Trump is the one who's trying to be King.
Finally something we agree on.
The last Republican to win the popular vote without the advantage of being the incumbent was Bush Sr. Just something to think about.
The vote could be unanimous and Trump would still refuse to accept the results and need to be dragged out of the White House kicking and screaming.
OP clearly didn't read it. Of course Republicans aren't known for literacy.
Big kitty! :D
I agree. I lived through losing all my gen 1 and 2 Pokemon when gen 3 came out; I can live through having some of my gen 1-7 Pokemon delayed when going to gen 8. At least this time they're not gone for good; they'll be transferable in later games.
It's turned into a clone of r/choosingbeggars.
Lots of r34 bait this gen, isn't there? XD
The one post that spells Rowlet correctly also misspells Drednaw.
They'll reveal awesome stuff that a bunch of people completely ignore because "muh national dex"
Yes, giving people awesome games with plenty of new innovations and NEW Pokemon.
Oh, I've got nothing wrong with it. ;)
Pretty much. A lot of these national dex nuts are asking me in the most condescending tone possible just what awesome features the games have. I have plenty I could list (Raids, a combination of overworld and random encounters, Wooloo) but I won't bother because it's all a matter of opinion and these guys are too stuck up to realize it. What I see as an awesome feature they see as some scam to distract people from the dex issue, so there's no point in me listing anything for them.
Me neither. I already lost my appetite.
Nailed it!
Find the hay in the needle stack.
I guess you could say *puts on sunglasses* You're not the sharpest tool in the shed.
So does he claim this on his auto insurance or home insurance?
Did he ask them for an ottergraph?
Does a noose count as a tie?
I was very disappointed you didn't slug her in the face.
For me it's Wooloo and Drednaw. One adorable and fluffy, the other tough and vicious.
Vaccination is not a matter of personal choice; it's a matter of public health.
It was like a human pesticide. It killed huge numbers of people and most of the ones who survived had a genetic resistance to it, which was then passed down through their descendants. Because of that a huge proportion of people of European descent are immune to it.
And abortion is not killing babies.
No, no they didn't. That wouldn't even be possible; abortions, when performed, are done long before the fetus is developed enough to survive outside the womb. They don't wait for the woman to say "my water broke" and stick a knife in the womb.
You're absolutely right, it IS time to remove Trump from office.
You live in a coop? What are you, chicken?
Same here. From what I've seen the people who are upset are the people who always try to make a living dex. Here's what I would like to ask them: If you add something to the Pokedex by transferring one you already own from one of your other games, have you really accomplished anything? You didn't add it to the dex by going out and catching it, hatching it, evolving its pre-evolved form, or finding another player to trade with; you just sent it from one of your games to another.
I actually had an amusing thought about this a few days ago. I've always just been a casual player, but now that all these "purists" are boycotting the game I could take this as my opportunity to get into the competitive scene. Less competition after all. It's mostly a joke but there is a small part of me that is wondering "what if?"
This. I've seen a lot of people arguing "No regional Pokedex has ever had 500 or more Pokemon" as if that was proof that this one will only have 400 or so. The problem with their logic is that the only reason older regional Pokedexes were limited is because they had the National Dex. They didn't NEED to include as many Pokemon in the regional Pokedex because they had the National one to make up for it.
Not really, because this is the first time they haven't had a National Pokedex to make up for what isn't in the regional. Now that the regional is the only one they have there's no need to give it such a strict limit; they could easily have 600-700.
*Sends in Tentacruel*
This is now the first post from this sub that I've added to my saved post list XD
Watch, we're going to get a few months of these images and then Mareep is going to end up in the Galar dex anyway. Ampharos is a pretty popular Pokemon, so I wouldn't be surprised if it makes it to Galar.
There's a decent chance Politoed will be there. If the rumors are true and the entire gen 1 Pokedex is there, that will include Poliwag. If Poliwag is there the rest of its family, including Politoed, will also be there.
I loved that game but a lot of the human character designs were really creepy, like that admin who literally stood on his knuckles and flailed around like an angry gorilla. Also the music at the lab gives me nightmares to this day (okay, not literally).
Ludicolo intensifies.
I always found the characters in Colosseum were better designed than the ones in XD even though Colosseum was released first.
The name of the final one seems a bit too on the nose. I actually have an OC Pokemon whose name would be perfect for something like that: Submawreck. My idea was for it to be a ghost ship like the Flying Dutchman, but a name like that could also work for this.
I honestly doubt they'll cut any of the fossils. Asking for all the starters may be a bit much because there's 63 of them (counting evolutions) but there are only 21 fossil Pokemon so it wouldn't be nearly as difficult to include all of them.
Tried counting them; fell asleep.
Still haven't seen my favorite, Metagross, but that's not gonna stop me from enjoying the games.
Hariyama: Am I a joke to you?
Didn't the Bible also say he had skin like bronze?
Better stay clear of mirrors.
I think thr best part is "listed 6 days ago."
I still say Talonflame should have been called Flaragrin.
Dynamax, awesome texture, great animation, co-op raid battling, and Wooloo.
I don't think so; pretty sure those are bunnies.
He hates Mondays...
In that case I don't need a second game card, because I already have a second Switch.
Their dying what?
Name literally one of those doctors.
Is it bad that I've never heard of Gloria Vanderbilt?
Somehow I knew that was where she was going with this.
I don't see the difference; he was already a total pussy.
You really want to breeze through the game by sending a level 100 Mewtwo before Gen 1 and having it annihilate everything in your path? Not much of a challenge, is it?
By forcing you to use something other than the same small handful of favorites you've already used on a dozen different Hall of Fame teams.
Eureka! Thanks, now I know what to name Sobble: Drax!
You say that as if it's a bad thing.
Sounds painful.
6/7 of the other gens did, so it's very likely.
Gen 6 was the only one that didn't get an enhanced version or sequel.
Those would be the remakes they release in gen 12 or so.
We can bring up Pokemon from the old games, just not all of them.
My first Garbodor was one of the staples of my first playthrough of Black; I named him Oscar after the grouch from Sesame Street.
"I have just met you, and I love you"
RAWR!
Dog paddle.
He was saying it's a bad thing that we always start out as a new trainer, which implies that he would rather just use all the already super strong Pokemon from older games/saves.
Vote Can of Soup 2020! Yes we Can!
At first I was confused because I thought you said it was in his 80s.
Freedom of the press? Not for Trump apparently.
Damn, he could be a case study in bad parenting.
Well, I suppose a double weakness to Electric-types never stopped Gyarados from being meta (I think).
Especially early on when money is tight.
I like it.
They needed to remove the national Pokedex eventually because eventually it would have become unsustainable. It was a good idea for them to do it now so we know to expect it from now on. Also, quit complaining about the price. It costs more because of the system. Every system has a standard price that their games cost upon release, and that price is higher for the Switch than it was for the 3DS. The standard price for games on the 3DS was $40; the standard price for Switch games is $60. Besides, why are you surprised Sword and Shield are $60 when the Let's Go games were as well?
Read my post again, I said I am against the concentration camps. All I want is for illegal immigrants to be sent back where they came from, not kept here in dehumanizing conditions. If they intend to become citizens I'm happy to have them here, but if they just want to live here without even trying to become citizens then I'm not cool with it.
What the Hell are they cooking?
That's exactly the problem I've had with their job search. It doesn't let me narrow the search; it gives me every relevant job in the country.
Wingull has never been known to flap its wings like that. It's a glider, just like an ACTUAL SEAGULL.
All the people who complain about Wingull have clearly never seen a seagull before, nor watched Wingull's flying animation in any other game before. They only flap their wings every now and then to retain altitude; most of the time they just keep their wings extended and ride the wind.
I don't know about you but I salute Trump with just my middle finger.
That snake is so full of himself.
I've heard that splashing alcohol in a snake's face is an effective way to get it to release its grip. Works for some humans too...
What, you've never heard of trapdoor spiders? Iirc I first learned about them on the Magic School Bus.
This is one of many species I file under "how was this thing first discovered by man?"
This is some serious nightmare fuel.
Could impact Trump? Pretty sure he's why they're doing this.
If I saw that I'd be very worried about what exactly scared them up there in the first place (assuming it wasn't me).
I only had to read the titles of the videos to reach that exact conclusion. Guess this is one book you CAN judge by its cover.
Also, they never said it was only half of all Pokemon being cut. For all we know they might only be leaving out 200-300. Yes it's possible they are removing half or more, but why assume the worst if it's just gonna make you upset? Until we know we might as well try to be optimistic.
Careful, there are some annoyingly judgemental people here too. They're just not quite as vocal.
I will be pissed off if they delay the game. I'm very excited about all the NEW Pokemon we're getting, and I'd hate to have to wait any longer for them than we already have to. By all means it's selfish of me to want the game on time even though it means people like you don't get everything you want in it; it's also selfish of you to want them to make people like me wait longer just so you can have everything you want.
And saying they should "just hire more people" is ridiculous. It's a lot easier said than done.
I'm getting both games, and have 2 Switches so I can trade with myself. Only a few days ago did I learn that the data is saved to the Switch, meaning by switching which one the games are in I can get 2 playthroughs of each one. This puts me in a very intriguing situation: I can play through the region with all 3 starters, but one of them can get a second run. Now the question becomes which one to use a second time.
I keep seeing people talk about how "No regional Pokedex has ever had over 500 Pokemon in it," as if that proves this one won't either. What those people fail to consider is the fact that the other games had the National Pokedex to pick up the slack; they didn't NEED the regional Pokedex to be very big.
This seems like it would only be an issue for competitive players. The nice thing about being a casual player is it's so much less stressful.
Am I the only person who never had a problem with her?
What happened to Alpha, Beta, and Gamma?
G'day, mate.
What zoo was it? I've never seen one before, in a zoo or otherwise.
I was just there on Tuesday.
He's also an Illiterate President.
Shroedinger's Douchebag: Make a controvercial statement; if more people are offended by it than supportive of it, say you were just kidding.
No, developing a game where you can't catch them all is inevitable. Even if this wasn't THE gen where the number of total Pokemon finally became too great for them to handle (whether in terms of data or man hours) it was going to happen at some point, and anyone with any real foresight could have told you that several years ago. It was inevitable, and so was the outrage from spoiled fans who can't settle for anything less than everything. Doing it now was like ripping off a band-aid; they did it quickly to just get it out of the way so it won't be such a shock when they do it in later gens. And as for the simple critical thinking that diffuses that argument you added: In the entire history of Pokemon there have only been 6 games in which you could obtain every single species- the first 5 Mystery Dungeon games and the final Mystery Dungeon game (and in those you don't catch Pokemon; you recruit them). Literally every single main series Pokemon game ever has had a large number of Pokemon that could not be obtained without either hacking, trading, or transferring. Based on your argument there has never been a good Pokemon game, a game in which you can literally catch them all.
You want reassurance that Home isn't not a Prison? That's kinda sad.
I was joking about the double negative in your post. It said you want reassurance that Home isn't not a Prison, which implies that you hope it is a prison. I realize it was a typo but it was too good an opportunity to pass up. ;)
"I'm gonna make my own Pokemon game, with blackjack and hookers. In fact, forget the Pokemon game!"
Honestly I think it's better that they don't add them in patches. Everyone is doing the whole "half the game on release day, more a few months later as DLC" thing these days and it drives me bonkers. People are calling GF lazy for this but at least they still give us the whole game on release day so we don't have to wait for new content afterward. *old man voice* Back in my day when you bought a game you already had access to all the areas, power-ups, weapons, etc. You didn't have to go back to the store a month later and pay extra for stuff that should have been there from the start.
Me too. I wouldn't dream of cancelling my order, unless it was just to replace it with an order for the dual-pack.
I want to bump into her in a store just so I can say "your baby is hideous." Not that I actually think that, just that she never said she wanted it to be positive acknowledgement.
This is the first I've heard of this special. When is it happening (or do we not know)?
If it aired in Mexico yesterday is there any word on when the US is getting it? Or is it available (in English) online?
I'm afraid of spoilers; I'm worried if I try to Google it I'll see a bunch of summaries that end up spoiling it for me.
Because I don't give 2 shits what some critic has to say. I like what I like and if they don't like it that's none of my business. And before you say "but why would you give them.your money when they haven't given you the game yet? Just wait for the game to come out" that's simple: I was already going to give them my money, so why not just get it over with and get the preorder bonus? It costs the same price whether you buy it on day 1 or preorder it, so for all intents and purposes the bonus is free.
I honestly wish these people would all just mind their own business. You don't want the game? Fine, don't buy it. It's as simple as that, or at least it should be; for some reason these people just won't be happy unless nobody else buys the game either. What ever happened to live and let live?
I always do it as soon as possible. Why bother putting it off? If I'm gonna preorder it anyway I might as well just get it over with.
You could do an online preorder so they ship it to you; it wouldn't matter if your work schedule doesn't let you go to the store.
I just wish the haters would stop TRYING to make us cancel. Us preordering the games does not effect these guys in any way but they act like it's the end of the world.
Except that this isn't a problem that needs solving. You'd have to be blind to not have known this was coming for years. Every gen adds a large number of new Pokemon; eventually they had to reach a point where there were simply too many to have every single one in one game. If it wasn't now it would have been a later gen; by acting on it now they're preventing it from being a huge problem in the future.
Except that I do know what it's going to be like. After 20 years of consistently awesome games it's not hard to put a little faith in them. Besides, I don't want to get it after everyone else and have all the content spoiled by people posting it all over social media. If there are new Pokemon that aren't in the pre-release trailers (as was the case in both gen 6 and 7) I don't want to find out about them because someone posts them on here; I want to actually run into them in the game. The thrill of running into a Pokemon I had no idea existed is something that has very seldom happened for me since gen 3 (in fact gen 7 was the first time it happened for me since 3).
I'm not a big fan of spoilers. When it's this early I realize it would be pointless to try to avoid them, but when we get to the last month I tend to look away from the spoilers. I don't WANT to know everything before the release; I want to discover new species of Pokemon for myself like I did back when Ruby and Sapphire first came out.
Honestly if the saving is that small I think I'll just take convenience over savings here. Gamestop is a 5 minute drive from my house; I'd rather just get it there than drive thirty minutes to some small obscure store just for a small discount.
The old ones sell better? You mean the ones that DID add huge numbers of new Pokemon as opposed to just settling for double digits? Variety is the spice of life; my only complaint about gen 6 and 7 is the fact that they had so few species. I'd MUCH rather get 200 new species and a limited cut of the older ones than only get 70 new ones just so I can use the same old Pokemon I've already used a dozen times before. I still love the older Pokemon but they've had their turn in the spotlight; let the new species have some time to shine.
The funny thing is we don't actually know that for sure. For all we know Home will allow us to battle using these Pokemon.
Except that GF has already put PLENTY of effort into it. Contrary to your belief there is a lot of room between 100% and 0%; just because they aren't including every last thing they possibly could have doesn't mean they didn't work their asses off to get us what we are getting.
I'm having the opposite problem right now. I was chaining for a shiny Ekans and the chain was broken by the arrival of an Articuno. Last week I had 2 Meowth chains broken by Zapdos. I'm looking for shinies but catching legendaries.
One problem: Masuda NEVER said he doesn't care! All he said was that this was a hard decision for them to make but it had to be done so they could leave room for all the new content. The fact that he felt the need to reiterate this after E3 proves that he DOES care; he sees that people are unhappy and wants to cheer them up, but sadly nothing short of completely caving to their demands is going to make these people happy.
Ever think maybe the reason gen 6 and 7 felt so empty was BECAUSE of all the Pokemon they had to squeeze into them? That maybe by trimming the number of species they're actually trying to give people like you exactly what you were missing before? As the number of species they have increases they need to cut things out for the sake of data and/or man hours. I've known for years that this was going to happen eventually because it was the only logical solution to this problem. They needed to cut something, whether it was Pokemon or features. The last 2 gens they cut features and got a lot of flack for it; this time they cut Pokemon instead and are getting flack for it. Maybe the problem isn't them; maybe the problem is people like you who refuse to accept anything less than total perfection.
They also act like graphics are somehow more important than gameplay. This isn't The Tree Game; the tree shouldn't have an impact on how much fun you have raising your Pokemon.
It's going to be hilarious watching all these people cry about "why are these games making so much money when we told people not to buy them," and "of course I haven't actually played them; they don't have a national Pokedex so they're automatically terrible" when the games come out. I'll just be kicking back playing the games watching all these spoiled brats whine about it.
It's just like any other social media witch hunt. It may seem like the whole community is up in arms but in reality it's only a small fraction. Even then it seems a lot of the outrage is dying down as more people have had time to sit and actually think about it. Any actual boycott that happens will just be a tiny fragment of the people who would have bought the game anyway; a vast majority of Pokemon fans will still buy the games and enjoy them as if the haters don't even exist.
You keep saying "hire more people" and "outsource"; I don't think you actually realize just what that would entail. It's not that simple; there are applications, payroll adjustments, delegations, training, etc. No matter how big a company is there's a lot of work that needs to be done to hire new people, particularly when it's being done on top of their current staff and not just to replace people who have left. Also, you act as though data is infinite. News flash: it's not. Even if they could have fit every single Pokemon in with the data capabilities of the Switch, that does not mean they would never have hit this problem in the future. As I said, if this hadn't happened now it would have happened in a later gen; by doing it now, even if "now" is not the time when it actually is necessary, they're setting an important precedent moving forward. On top of that, I don't know about you but I certainly wouldn't want the entire capacity of an SD card to be filled up by a single game. If they were to squeeze every single Pokemon AND feature into every single game from now on it wouldn't matter that the Switch can handle them individually; unless you keep shelling out money for more SD cards you're going to wish they had used a bit less data at some point. As digital downloads become more and more common and physical copies are phased out this is going to be more and more of an issue.
Yeah, because as the old saying goes: Make sure to put all your eggs in one basket.
Damn, if only your parents had invested in a plastic tree it would have saved you so much agony.
Toy Story is on Hulu? Weird, I've never seen it there.
I'm not sure if I should upvote or downvote; it's not really clear if you're saying it's stupid to trust vaccines and GMOs or that it's stupid to fear them.
That they are extremely beneficial. That still doesn't tell me what your stance is. Are you pro-science or anti-science?
In America we only need to pay $5 to preorder. It may not be free like Japan but it's not like we're paying full price.
Seriously, how many regions do these people need to bulldoze through with Metagross and Tyranitar? Part of the fun of Pokemon is the ability to use all different types of strategies to make it through the region. Maybe one playthrough you focus on Pokemon with overwhelming brute strength, while the next time you decide to mess with your opponents by using tons of status conditions and that kind of thing.
What a lot of people fail to realize is that it's not like the other players will be able to use the cut Pokemon either. For example, if Metagross isn't in the game, that means NOBODY will be able to use it in competitive matches; it doesn't mean Mr. #bringbacknationaldex will be the only person without Metagross on their team. It's not really a handicap if literally everyone is given the same restriction.
I'd like to believe you but literally every time I go there all I see is #bringbacknationaldex and people accusing GF of being lazy and/or greedy.
You'd think after 20 years people would understand the pattern. Here's another bombshell for these guys: you catch Pokemon by battling them and throwing Pokeballs at them.
People keep saying brand loyalty as if it's a bad thing; I don't think they even understand what it means. You seem to think brand loyalty is just blind faith when in fact it's more about a long history of quality products from a company giving us the willingness to give them the benefit of the doubt. I have no problem saying that I did not like the last 2 Mystery Dungeon games; as much as I love Pokemon those games were a huge letdown. However, when only 2 games in 20+ years are disappointing the odds are still in favor of these ones being good.
I plan to do my first playthrough without using Dynamax in the story mode, just as an extra challenge for myself.
My thinking is if you're going to spend that money on the game on day 1 anyway why not just get the payment out of the way? Besides, the preorder bonus is usually nice.
There is, at least with the dual pack.
Game Freak has not once spit in my face. Sorry for having my own opinion but I have never felt like I was ripped off by any Pokemon game (except Super Mystery Dungeon). Get off your damn high horse and stop the false consensus arguments. Your opinion =/= fact, and you have no more right than anyone else to tell other people what they're allowed to think.
Before I explain, you are familiar with the saying "don't put all your eggs in one basket," right?
Then you should understand why GF didn't put 100% of their resources on Pokemon this time. Believe it or not there are people who don't like Pokemon, so by devoting some of their time and resources to other projects they're essentially trying to cast a wider net in the hopes of getting the attention of a bigger audience.
Can you blame them for wanting to keep out of the public eye when half the fandom wants to bite their heads off?
Yeah, that's why we're still buying the games. Game Freak has yet to make a bad main series Pokemon game and we want to make sure they know it.
Except that they did put as many people as they could on it. I know this may be hard to imagine, but they actually do care about ALL their projects, which is why they put some people on Town and some people on Pokemon. Unlike you they actually have faith in Town, so they didn't want to put every last worker on Pokemon and leave Town dead in the water.
What, no room for Torkoal or Turtonator?
I've been curious for quite a while: as someone who doesn't know Japanese, what does adding "chan" to a name actually mean? I see this all the time in subbed anime but have never actually bothered to look it up.
Here's your explanation: There IS NO drop in quality.
Great, now you've done it; it's tasted real metal.
I've seen worse balanced teams. Fully evolved (except possibly Drednaw; it might evolve and change type) it would be 1 pure Water, 1 pure Fire, 2 Water/Rock, a Grass/Ground and a Fire/Dragon.
Terrapins are amphibious, tortoises are terrestrial, and turtles are aquatic. Remember, Terra means land. I don't know the exact meaning of the Pin part, but seals are called Pinnipeds, so going off what I know about seals and the fact that Ped means foot, I can guess that the Pin part of the name has something to do with swimming. Put that back together with Terra and we get a name implying amphibious living.
I'm suddenly reminded of Sylvester and Tweety.
Am I the only one concerned about the cat skeleton on the floor?
Sounds like Pepper is a little salty.
Iirc the polar bear is the world's largest terrestrial predator.
Whenever I see pandas I hear the Winnie the Pooh theme song playing in my head.
Disney.
Cat: "Human, are you going to do something about this guy or do I have to?"
I just have to ask, do they have anything to deal with the wet dog smell?
And Turtonator. Both of the Fire-types that should be there.
I may make an exception in the first one or two gyms just because at that point you usually don't have a whole lot of options.
Two mistakes: Turtonator is Fire/Dragon Both Tirtouga and Drednaw are Water/Rock, not Water/Ground
Dang, that's one heck of a coincidence then.
Well I suppose technically my statement is still valid; there are still 2 terrapins, a tortoise, and a turtle. It's just that the terrapins are also turtles so there are 3 turtles total.
Yeah, pretty sure it's the only non-legendary with that particular type combination. The only other Fire/Dragon I can think of is Reshiram. https://serebii.net/pokedex-sm/776.shtml for reference. Edit: Mega Charizard X also has that combo but since it's a mega I don't personally count it.
Must be mating season; he's really horny.
Imagine putting that bag through the X-Ray machine.
That sure doesn't look like a deadly sin to me.
The best workout regiment: Lift, Bite, Chew. 200 reps.
How do these things survive in the wild? Can it even move like that?
Which one was the mother and which was the father?
Elmer Fudd intensifies.
THEY. ARE. NOT. BEING. LAZY.
Live and let live after all.
Me too. I tried to wait out the storm but finally unsubscribed from that insane asylum.
Of course Vanilluxe made the cut; it's awesome. The only problem I have with it is that it only comes in vanilla (or strawberry when shiny).
I hope they don't do the crappy "same basic color but just a different shade" thing like Pikachu, or "only one small part is different" like Komala.
AND HERE COMES A GIANT FIST!
They can't have a burrito without a tortilla right?
Location location location.
I have a pair of shoes with about that much traction left. Last time it rained I felt like I was on roller skates.
Bellawatson7502
