What a way to top off an already wild year. HAPPY FUCKING NEW YEAR
2015*
Bad ankle sprain. Really hard to imagine he can be ready in a week
What kind of argument is that? If you want to say the Chargers deserve it over the Bills you can use the fact that they won h2h, but finishing on a longer win streak? What’s the significance behind that? The only team Buffalo lost to in the last 6 weeks of the regular season (so right after the LAC loss) was New England
But what if Team B beats Team C in every applicable tiebreaker scenario? You would be giving Team C a direct advantage over Team B for something that has nothing to do with Team C
I’m curious, what are your thoughts on our offense’s seemingly stark difference from first half to second half? Surely players deserve some blame, but I can’t help but feel like we are consistently being out-coached by nearly every opponent after halftime, it’s like we’re a totally different team. We come out of the gates trying to win the game, and then after halftime, regardless of our situation all we do is try not to lose, and this isn’t just using yesterday’s game when we were playing with a multi score lead as a basis
Probably, but QBs get hurt every year so I don’t think Wentz’s season ending early really discounts the fact that passing TDs we’re down overall
Not just individual players, but no team even had 40 passing TDs (so like Philly for example who used multiple QBs or Pitt who benched theirs) Also, I made some posts earlier in the season (like week 5/6ish) that compared league-wide passing stats from this season at that point to the previous two seasons and at that time we were wayyyy behind the pace of 2015 and 2016. I’m guessing we never made that ground up
Two losses make up our entire point differential along with an extra negative 10 points. We went -67 in back to back games
Most of those were pretty reasonable predictions. Can’t really fault a 6-8 win prediction
If any team beat another that badly twice and you bet against the same matchup in the playoffs you would be insane Like, I get what you’re saying, but that hypothetical was way too extreme to convey the point
Woooohhhh there We are wayyyyy more “not the Patriots” than you guys
It’s actually a super simple, albeit unfortunate in this particular instance, concept if you actually think about it
I can see arguments for it, but also plenty against it. FWIW it already is part of the tie breaking procedure, it’s just very low on the list
Surely he wouldn’t throw 150 Interceptions
Texans were SB favorites from the AFCS at 22-1. Colts and Titans were tied at 40-1
What’s not a fair interpretation? They quite literally have much worse odds to win the Super Bowl now than they did in early September. There is no subjectivity involved in that statement
Alternate headline: Democrats Raise Their Own Standards Over Time.
You’re probably thinking of last year against the 49ers. I still don’t know how he avoided an injury there. The replay was awful looking and it looked like a textbook A/MCL tear or strain
And what criteria are we using to define “garbage time” in this instance? Edit: Week 2 the Bucs scored a TD with 9 minutes left in the 3rd quarter to bring the score to 10-28. On their next possession they scored another TD as time expired in the 3rd to bring the score to 17-31 Neither of those are garbage time
In his “defense”, Manafort’s lawsuit also names Rosenstein/The DOJ as having over stepped their authority by issuing that prerogative to Mueller Essentially, Manafort is saying that Rosenstein didn’t have the authority to give Mueller the authority to do what he did. So they’re saying that letter you linked is itself “illegal”. At least that’s my interpretation. I’ll go ahead and assume it’s a nonsense stalling tactic regardless though
But to specifically mention drafting...? We have like 2 of his draft picks left on our current “playoff” roster that actually play. The only one I can even think of off the top of my head is Preston Brown Edit: Washington is the other, but he’s terrible anyways EditEdit: people are totally misinterpreting this, Rap’s tweet implies Whaley’s drafting helped end the drought, but only three of his draft picks started games for us this season, and one of them is really bad.
Not to the same extent 4 of last year’s top 5 rushing teams had prototypical mobile QBs (ie more designed runs). This year it was only 2 of 5
Good talent evaluator, awful talent manager.
The AFCS had three “good” teams going into this season when people thought Luck would be back soon. The one “bad” team at that time was Jacksonville
Stats and analysis’ like these never attempt to account for the fact the outliers can exist in sports, and when you’re only looking at a tiny sample size (16 games as opposed to thousands of games across multiple decades) they will obviously throw some things way out of whack. Teams with a -57 point differential don’t usually make the playoffs, but 9 win teams don’t usually have a -57 point differential. Which came first, the chicken or the egg? Was it just good luck that lead to 9 wins or bad luck that lead to two embarrassing blowouts? &gt;They keep their heads above water with a per-drive turnover rate that’s a little higher on defense (13.1 percent, 10th-best) than offense (8.9 percent, eighth-worst). This quote also helps display the flaw. We had what, 6 turnovers in the Chargers game alone right? Without that one game how much does it change our per drive TO rate? Is losing one game by 40 points better or worse than losing 4 games by 10 points?
I would say it easily is, at least in the last decade. The notable thing is that they have played well despite a really poor DLine in front of them. QBs routinely have all day to pass on us but still haven’t been able to consistently. Our LBs are all pretty terrible in coverage as well. It’s been a 4 man wrecking crew with White, Gaines, Poyer and Hyde all healthy
But why? Let this man chill for 3 more days Edit: so this tweet says he’s “on the practice field” but he was yesterday too and didn’t end up practicing. EditEdit: Yea, he didn’t practice. He stretched and then left, same as yesterday. He also has a slight but visible limp :(
Robert Paulson
Because Flutie wasn’t playing particularly well at the time and they apparently believed Johnson would do a better. Flutie was benched for the final regular season game Week 17, not just the WC. Johnson started week 17 and he torched the 13-2 Colts, so they figured they would start Johnson in the WC game too. One might say that it did not in fact turn out to be the right decision. Edit: Flutie’s final 5 games he went 99-175 (57%), averaging 200 yards/game with 7 TDs and 5 Int. His season long numbers weren’t particularly impressive either. It’s not like I’m defending the decision, but he definitely wasn’t playing as well as OP would lead you to believe In 7 of our 10 wins the defense only allowed 3, 0, 10, 17, 3, 7, and 10 points and our offense only broke 20 points once in his final 5 games. It was a bad decision, obviously, but to imply that he was leading some kind of juggernaut, high-flying offense that carried us to 10 wins is not accurate
FYI He sill isn’t practicing and he has a visible limp. All this probably means is that it wasn’t a broken bone, torn ligament, or high ankle sprain. By no means does this quote insinuate he’s good to go or will be Sunday.
&gt;I smell an argument about ~~Tyrod Taylor~~ 75% of this list brewing.
I see you watch televised football, me as well.
I just really don’t understand how people can be *so* against their QB rankings, but then treat their other positional rankings like gospel (DBs, LBs, and Lineman in particular) Like, the same people are using the same methods to grade all of these different positions
I would argue the Chargers are a close second to us in that regard
Lol Because temporary construction jobs are totally better than permanent government jobs amirite?
Ah yes, because when construction workers have no construction projects to work on they get to sit at home indefinitely and continue to collect paychecks and benefits from their employers until another project comes along
And it’s worth emphasizing that 2 of those guilty pleas were **directly related to the Russia issue**
An editorial from investors.com*
Do you not understand what the word “temporary” means?
Uh what? That’s not even a remotely accurate depiction of where that 24% comes from.
That’s really only practical to a certain extent though. Obviously I want him out there, but I really can’t think of a worse body part to be injured and for him to try and push through considering that his effectiveness is almost entirely derived from quick, side to side cuts
No, he’s just saying he didn’t know what 2017’s offense would look like
Seems really dumb that guys can be on 1st and 2nd Team at different positions
We could wipe out everything the public knows that may have stemmed directly from the Dossier and you could still fill a novel with all of the shady Russia-related stories. Other than when news of the Dossier itself broke back in January 2017 it hasn’t really been a part of any of the big Russia stories since. It’s not like the weekly Russia revelations are all stemming from the Dossier. I can’t think of a single one that has, rather we learn of some new bombshell via another source and then people say, “oh and btw, the Dossier mentioned something really similar to that”
Mitch: “We’re reporting that Bill Belichick may actually be in like for the open Chicago Bears HC position.” Bill: “My god Mitch, are you really telling us Bill Belichick may leave New England for Chicago?” Mitch: “No, no, we don’t really know that Bill, we’re just reporting it”
No. The only team we can play is New England
Oh shit did they really? Fucking hated that page.
*allegedly*
Benjamin is injured in his defense. They announced weeks ago he’d have knee surgery, and he wasn’t quick to begin with
Yea, there are jackasses in every fan base. If you guys had one you’d know this.
I mean he missed on a lot of short passes. I can see blaming the wind when your trying to hit a guy 10-15+ yards downfield, but not when throwing the ball to a receiver or RB curling a yard past the LOS
Time is a flat circle
All I know is that the Buffalo Bills have been to the playoffs more recently than 60% of the league
EJ Gaines not playing wasn’t the reason NO dropped 50 on us. Not to mention 2 of those 4 losses may have been to the current two SB favorites But yea, he was a pleasant surprise when healthy
Hughes had his best season since Schwartz was here, it just didn’t manifest in sack totals. Cutting him makes no sense as it would only save us about half of his reasonably sized cap hit of $10M
However, he also predicted that we would end the drought this year during that Thursday game we lost to the Jets
“Nah fam, hard pass” -Buffalo
With my understanding of the cap hits and what not, if we were to trade for Alex Smith, counting his cap, Tyrod’s dead cap, and any cheap contracts given to backup QB(s) it would have us spending a little over $26M in cap space in 2018 to have Alex Smith as our starting QB. That’s of course assuming we don’t use a first round pick on a QB as well, if we did the total QB cap number would likely be closer to $30M That’s a lot of money if the plan is really to only have him as a 1 year stop gap and I have no desire whatsoever to have 2-3 years of Smith at QB
I don’t think last offseason indicates much of anything about our FO’s tendencies. For starters Beane didn’t even get to Buffalo until May. Last year we had way less cap space than we do now and even more notably we had way more impending FAs last season, a lot of which we were forced to let walk. The only starters (when everyone is healthy) from 2017 that are FAs this offseason are Kyle, Matthews, Gaines, and Brown. And none of these guys are candidates for back breaking contracts
Hold on, that can’t be right can it? I’m positive DirecTV signed a huge new deal like just last year that monopolized their rights to out of market, non-prime time games until 2020 Edit: NVM. I forgot Verizon bought Yahoo, aka Yahoo=Verizon So to clarify, this won’t give you access to out of market games like Sunday Ticket does. Local market games, prime time games and playoffs
Some GOPers in the house have also proposed that the FBI was paying Steele to dig up evidence to make people think that the deep state FBI/Clinton/Obama was fabricating evidence (i.e. the Dossier) to make Trump look bad
OTC shows the same $8.64M dead cap hit If you’re talking about the “contract notes” section the first two paragraphs of that are about the old deal that got restructured after the 2016 season &gt; Prior to the start of the 2017 league year the Bills and Taylor agreed to a new two year contract in lieu of picking up Taylor's option. The new contract is worth $30.5 million with $15.5 million guaranteed at signing. The contract voids if Taylor is on the Bills roster 5 days after the start of the 2019 waiver period. If the two sides do not reach an agreement on an extension the prorated money from the 2020 and 2021 years will accelerate onto the Bills 2019 salary cap. The new contract saved the Bills $6.2 million in cap space in 2017. This is all they have about his current contract
I edited my comment. All of that is about his old deal that got restructured last offseason. Only the last paragraph is about his current deal and it doesn’t say anything about the dead money
No Carolina picked up his 5th year option which transferred to us with the trade
Wait, when did Beane say this? I remember reading a bunch of bullet points from his presser yesterday day but none of them had anything about drafting a first round QB. Or are you saying he did a separate interview on WGR? Edit: just read a couple more articles about what Beane said in regards to the QB situation yesterday as well as the transcript and it’s much more open ended than this post (or WGR) is making it sound. He was asked specifically about Taylor and then went on to cover essentially every base, one of which being the possibility of drafting a QB. He was also specifically asked that if they were to move on from Tyrod do they feel comfortable that they have a big enough arsenal of draft picks to potentially move up, to which he of course said yes, that would be a possibility This is WGR reading way too much into run of the mill comments
Ok, I didn’t realize that. However, considering what he said just yesterday I have assume his responses today were very much ambiguous, and/or he was asked specific hypotheticals I have a hard time believing that in less than 24 hours he went from entertaining every possibility to “we’re taking a QB in round 1”
That’s fair, and it’s not like it would controversial or anything. Outside of going after Kirk I would say drafting a QB in the first round is far and away the most likely scenario. The biggest question is do they want to trade up to the top 3-5 or not My personal biggest worry is that we force a trade up to the top to take a 2nd or 3rd best option as there are multiple teams already at the top who will be taking a QB for sure
Ok, but as you obviously know that isn’t how movie stars get paid so why bring that up? The point of comment that you replied to is pretty clear They don’t have salaries, they sign a contract that says, “we’ll pay you $X to do Y”. He literally has no obligation, legally nor morally, to also do W, X, and Z without further compensation
Who the hell knows Every season we say it looks like a tough schedule and every season we end up with 7-9 wins. Every season there’s 1 or 2 divisions that everyone thinks are going to run through the league and they end up being trash. This past season 7 of ESPNs top 12 ranked teams before the season started didn’t make the playoffs. Same with NFL.com. The Giants were like unanimous favorites to win their division and they were fucking awful. The Cowboys, Raiders, and Bucs were all supposed to be playoff teams and none were despite avoiding any serious QB injuries (and these rankings were after Zeke’s suspension was known). Same goes for the other side of the rankings. Jets, Bills, Rams, Jags, Chargers and Saints (all ranked 20th or worse) were all better than anyone projected, some were way better. There’s literally no use trying to parse out who will be good and who won’t
Convicted felons can vote. They just can’t vote while on parole or probation
True, but for the majority voting rights are eventually restored and even in the few where they aren’t you can petition to have them restored
They may not want to throw a newly drafted rookie into action week 1. If Taylor stays I think that’s the most likely scenario
APP STATE IS HOT HOT HOT
And before long the WH Briefing room would be filled with OANN, Brietbart and Fix News “reporters” At the end of the day every news organization is a business and losing access to the White House would be detrimental to their business. Obviously it’s a shitty reality but a reality nonetheless
So he does the same thing that every other WR1 does just without the added bonus of putting up elite numbers himself? What he does is obviously valuable, but I don’t think you could argue that value is worth $16M
Sure, I understand some of the potential positives behind making this decision, but that doesn’t mean I agree with it. If Sammy were to become a FA this offseason all 31 teams that could potentially sign him would have the exact same concerns you just highlighted would they not? Therefore, what kind of long term contract would he be offered and with what guarantees? There are positive and negatives to all the potential options of what to do with him. Maybe he gets tagged and has another similar, low volume year and the Rams sign him to a reasonable long term contract. Maybe he has a huge 2018 season and the Rams are forced to shell out top dollar or let him walk. Maybe he gets hurt Week 3 and has a bad season.
That’s a god awful group of players. Nothing on that list interests me beyond giving some guys really cheap, short term deals
I don’t know why you keep insisting that this is such a back and white, right or wrong situation. As I’ve now said multiple times, there are pros and cons to the multitude of options the Rams have at their disposal. Condescendingly implying that I don’t understand the argument your making doesn’t add anything to the discussion. Your stating your opinion based on what you think will happen and I’m doing the same
I’ve seen a lot of bad ideas on this sub but this one is up there. TE is so clearly not a must have position for NFL teams in general, let alone for us when we have another year left of paying Clay $9M Who’s the last high first round TE that actually justified their draft position on the field? I honestly can’t think of one. The only name that comes to mind is Ebron who definitely hasn’t lived up to his top 10 pick
Hmm, it’s almost as if simple supply/demand principles are the force behind most business expansion, not their tax burden
&gt;so it's really not something they can grade. However the top minds of Reddit can
Stafford is a pretty great example for this too. Golden Tate had 640 receiving yards after the catch this season. Now surely some of those were a result of a perfectly placed pass leading him in stride down or across field, however, I’m betting the majority of those were a result of Tate making defenders miss and finding holes in the secondary. PFF isn’t going to give Stafford credit for a play where he hits Tate 3 yards past the LOS and he weaves through a group of DBs for X yards and/or a TD
You can’t be racist unless you regularly use the N-word and are an active member of the KKK At least that’s what my Trump supporting friends tell me
Nobody ever thinks that their guy is going to decline until they actually do, and a lot of times it happens very quickly. I also don’t think a lot of people have considered the fact that if we move on to a more traditional pocket passing QB than that’s going to change the way opposing defenses play the run against us and there’s no telling if and/or how that will impact Shady’s production at this point. We would be foolish to not legitimately go after a good backup and potential future replacement this offseason As for his current deal, I predict he’ll restructure this offseason because those cap hits are way too big
“42% of Republicans admit that they knowingly pretend accurate information is inaccurate”
How many people you plan on putting in the “elite” category? Edit: Dude’s only had 6 100+ yard games in his 3 year career. For example, Sammy Watkins had 9 his first two seasons in bad offenses with bad/mediocre QBs. There’s plenty of potential here, but staying healthy definitely is not his only barrier to being considered best of the best as of now. If he’s in the elite category than so are 10-15 other guys which pretty much defeats the purpose of calling it “elite”
You don’t even need to infer that much Doc said he’s 75 inches tall, weighs 239 lbs and doesn’t exercise. So even with that weight acccording to BMI he is literally an obese 70 year old that doesn’t exercise, and yet he’s also in “excellent health”
And even if true, that (conveniently) puts him 1 pound shy of literally being obese by medical standards. But he’s also in “excellent health”.....?
Oh I don’t doubt the money may have had nefarious end goals, i just find it hard to believe it had much to do with this particular scandal I don’t think it’s a big secret that countries do all kinds of illegal spying and whatnot on each other (especially Russia) and that needs to be funded somehow. It’s just now being dug up because the proper authorities have the direct motivation to look into all of it
Tbf they did. They repeatedly said they didn’t have intentions to move the Bills, nobody believed them though as the whole group was Canadian based You can still find plenty of articles about their denials on google
Thanks
Riiiiiiighttttttt
No, he’s just got way too much on his mind to be worried about something as trifling as a government shutdown. I mean the man has his 1 year anniversary party planned at Mar A Lago this weekend, cut him some slack.
And miss his killer 1 Year Anny Party? No way dude.
Trump has the authority to declassify everything in/about this memo anytime he wants. If it were such a bombshell I’m pretty sure the guy who baselessly accused the former president of illegally wiretapping him on Twitter would’ve already put the wheels in motion for it to be released, and those “wheels” are literally just him saying it’s okay.
Right, and we didn’t find out about these supposedly politically motivated FISA warrants or their fruits until well after the election, meaning the implied motivation (attacking then candidate Trump) makes no sense It’s exactly like this Hillary/Dossier narrative where they claim it was just a political hit job to make Trump look bad, except of course for the fact that the public didn’t see or know about the Dossier until a month and a half after the election
Not to mention that we know multiple allies reached out to us because their intelligence services had picked up communications between Trump surrogates and Russians that they had already been surveilling. I’m pretty sure that alone would justify FISA warrants
Whether you think this was the right decision or not aside, they clearly didn’t “get what they wanted.” They wanted a solution to DACA and that’s still a pending question Edit: Wow, the incessant optimism/naivety in this thread is wild. The only “win” as of now is expecting one of the slimiest Republicans in the history of our government to keep his word. Do you really think any citizen that identifies and votes as a Republican is upset about this compromise? This is a zero sum game until DACA is officially fixed In what reality did we spend our 2017 to think this GOP is worried about optics? They threw their support behind an accused child molester. They happily seated a Senator who physically assaulted a reporter, but they wouldn’t dare renege on a promise....?
The rest of his comment describes the exact same situation we would’ve been in had the bill from Friday passed. Like literally the same thing. The only difference being with 7 less days of potential negotiations
Yea, I really don’t see what’s changed here. CHIP funding was already in Friday’s bill that didn’t pass, the only difference today is that the CR is one week shorter (Yippee?). So if getting CHIP off the table as a bargaining tool/ransom was the “big win” then they could’ve just voted yes on Friday. Republicans have been promising to fix DACA for months, Mitch McConnell’s promise today isn’t really anything new. If anyone listened/watched to any news shows over the last week it was like the main GOP talking point to say there’s still plenty of time to fix DACA, it’s not like they were saying they don’t want to fix it, in fact it was the total opposite. Republicans say they support fixing DACA, the issue is what does “fixing” entail. There has already been plenty of opportunity to fix DACA and it still hasn’t happened, so this shutdown was the Democrats’ leverage to finally force a DACA fix and now that leverage has just been kicked 3 weeks down the road. Maybe that 3 weeks ends up being helpful and maybe it doesn’t.
What makes you think that anything has changed here? This (money for the wall) is still going to be the demand from the GOP if they’re going to agree to anything on DACA, which is why nothing is going to change with this debacle and we’re going to be stuck at the same exact impasse we have been for months. Edit: My comment has nothing to do with CHIP. Republicans have been lobbying all year for wall money and they’ve been saying for weeks that they can’t/won’t fix DACA without also getting money for the wall. There have been no developments in that debate so there’s no reason to believe that they are suddenly going to cave on the Wall money demand
Literally nothing the GOP has done the last 12 months is popular. They passed a tax bill that had like 17% approval ratings To say they won’t do something because it’s unpopular flies in the face of everything we’ve watched them do
Genuinely curious to know which choice Trump himself finally goes on the record with as to why he fired Comey.
I’m talking about their current Governor, Ivey. Strange was appointed by Bentley before he was forced to resign
“Nobody could’ve seen this coming” -Nobody
Maybe I misread, but this has nothing to do with the use of bots Just some employee of ShareBlue created one Reddit account and then used that account to post SB articles and discuss them without disclosing they were an employee of SB
It’s funny that you think the recovery of these texts is somehow a positive development for this insane conspiracy. It’s literally the opposite. If someone had intentionally deleted them (along with thousands of others to alleviate suspicion) then they would’ve done so in a manner that would not ever be recoverable
I have no idea why that’s the rule either, but apparently it is.
I believe this makes them at least the 3rd confirmed ally that reached out to us with information about Russia (Australia and UK are the other 2) But no, the phony Clinton Dossier is the only reason the investigation exists
Those are not the same thing at all. Saying a “major offensive player” explicitly implies it’s one of your star players as opposed to like a lineman or FB. So I’m wondering if a media source actually used that term
But the initial tweet stating that someone sustained an injury really doesn’t sound like it was something pre-existing Although, if the source who leaked it didn’t want to reveal the player’s identity they may have intentionally been vague so that it couldn’t be narrowed down to the few guys with known injuries
&gt;They said “Major” starter so that would wipe out Mills, DuCasse, and Zay. Who said this? Only thing I’ve seen described as “major” is the injury itself
HIPPA only applies to healthcare providers (nurses, doctors, etc).
One of Fix’s main stories on their website is titled, “Trump slams report claiming he sought to fire Mueller, blames ‘Fake News’” Nowhere in the article does it state that Fix themselves have already said they confirmed the story
&gt;Mrs. Clinton’s campaign manager at the time recommended that she fire the adviser, Burns Strider. But Mrs. Clinton did not. Instead, Mr. Strider was docked several weeks of pay and ordered to undergo counseling, and the young woman was moved to a new job. So she didn’t totally “shield” him of anything. She just chose a different punishment, that may or may not have been warranted at the time
So Wynn raped a manicurist and paid her $7.5M to go away
Wait, what in the world is that a contingency for? Apparently AF1’s max capacity is 70 people, so even if for some reason they were at max capacity that number of meals would last this 70 people 2 full weeks of having 3 meals per day What’s the scenario where this could come into play?
Hmm, I wasn’t really considering mid-flight refueling scenarios. But still hard to imagine that occurring for 14 consecutive days and it being the best option to keep the President safe as opposed to some kind of predetermined safe site
They might be more comparable to some brands slims, but they are noticeably slimmer than the comparatively priced main stream brands I own I have epic flex skinny’s from Hollister that are clearly tighter than Old Navy and Banana Republic’s slim fits. I have 1 pair of slim fit AE jeans and they are closer to the Hollister ones but still a bit looser FWIW, I have chicken legs and really like the tightness of Hollister’s skinny fit
Sounds to me like this Mary gal was a no good, lyin’ hoor
It was briefly discussed on the Meet the Press, and then they immediately transitioned to the Hillary story
Well yea, because all a Republican has to do is deny something and 90% of the base will treat the denial as gospel. Meanwhile numerous dead end investigations and millions of dollars later they still know for a fact that Hillary and Ben Gazi are running an illicit child sex ring out of their pizza shop, which isn’t really a pizza shop at all, but a front for uranium sales. And Seth Rich is also involved somehow, their top minds are still piecing that aspect together
Just wash them with care. I was lazy and threw them in the dryer but I bet air drying them would extend their shelf life
Deporting illegal immigrants isn’t going to make women give you attention
Just goes to show how terrifyingly tribalistic the Republican Party has become. Even when totally separated from policy a vast majority of Republicans have deluded themselves into thinking that a man who has publicly flaunted and bragged about his flagrant debauchery for decades can somehow still be a good role model. This is up there with that poll from a couple weeks ago where a significant number of Republicans admitted that things they knowingly dismiss as “fake news” are in fact accurate
Lol the IG investigation literally has nothing to do with Trump/Russia/Mueller. It’s an investigation into the handling of the Hillary email case. So this hypothetical doesn’t even make sense. Go peddle your fan fiction to some rubes that don’t pay attention to basic news.
Hmm, it’s almost like they’re going to spin run of the mill operating procedure to highlight one specific detail and make it seem like its nefarious The same party btw that has routinely championed and supported all kinds of mass surveillance policy. The, “if you have nothing to hide, you shouldn’t be worried” crowd. They will make a huge deal about FISA overreach specifically as it may pertain to Trump/Russia, and probably demand certain individuals be fired, but won’t lobby for a single tangible change in actual mass surveillance procedures
&gt; I don't think anyone here wants to disrespect Taylor It’s funny to hear a r/buffalobills regular talk about nobody disrespecting Tyrod Taylor
Uhh I’m talking about fans, i.e., me and you, so exactly the situation we’re in right now. Go look at every Alex Smith trade thread from the last month or two. People thought the idea of a second round pick for him was absurd, until it wasn’t. Just as you and others might say anything higher than a 5th for Tyrod would be absurd
Are you honestly going to tell me nobody here wants to disrespect Tyrod Taylor. Have we been using the same subreddit for the last year? The sub that had users claim he’s one of the worst starters, in not the worst starter in the league. The same sub that cheered for his mid season benching when we were 5-4 for a 5th round rookie. The same sub that even *after* that 5th round rookie’s historically bad performance had people still justifying the move to bench Taylor? There are absolutely people here that want to disrespect him, and notable users at that, not just rando trolls that show up once or twice a season
I was just using the Cam Newton meme to make a joke about the fact that in general, there are definitely users of this sub that hate Tyrod Taylor. It wasn’t a remark to you and your opinions personally
Are you not a fan? You, a fan, said “Tyrod’s not worth more than a 5th”. I replied with, “everyone said the same thing about Smith”. I figured it was implied &gt; Especially considering fans opinions have absolutely no impact on reality and what the trade value is in actuality. This is quite literally the essence of my original reply
clearly this has gone way over your head, good talk.
How couldn’t they be? He’s clearly a “safer” option than any of their 3 current QBs and they have more than enough cap room. It’s basically just if the Vikings’ coaches/FO believe Kirk is a bonafide franchise QB then they could easily separate themselves from the pack of potential landing spots. Great defense and an offense stacked with good, young skill position players. If I’m Kirk that’s easily the best situation to jump into assuming they offer comparable money
Ok, all 4 of those guys definitely aren’t guaranteed to be top 5 guys at their positions salary wise. Obviously what happens next season will play a huge role in that. With $70M dollars up front though, without even mentioning that any of those could be backloaded by a year or two if necessary, I’m really not seeing any overwhelming cap constraints here
Alright, I’m not going to have that debate but they absolutely are not all for sure top 10 at their positions. If Diggs can’t stay healthy he’s not going to get top 5 WR money As for young guys and cap rising, there a 31 other teams with guys who are young, rising talents too so that’s all relative
Gronk is easily the greatest of all time at his position when he’s on the field, not really a fair comparison Sam Bradford didn’t get anywhere near a top 5 contract for a QB. He got less guaranteed money at signing than Mike Glennon. Even with his backloaded cap hit he wasn’t top 10 in terms of cap for QBs in 2017 Not seeing much relevance for either of these guys in relation to Diggs getting a top 5 WR contract after 4 years of battling injury (assuming he doesn’t play 16 games next year)
Well that’s a whole different debate, which is why I qualified that possibility
&gt; both of those guys were payed relative to their skill, not relative to their skill minus a ton for injury risk. So you’re saying Bradford’s skill is equivalent to Glennon’s? Injuries totally aside, if we’re going solely by talent than Diggs has never shown that he’s a top 5 WR, he has 6-7 career 100+ yard receiving games total in 3 seasons. Feels like we’re splitting hairs over an initially flawed hypothetical situation and there’s literally no argument for putting him into that elite, upper echelon with guys like Brown, Jones, OBJ, Hopkins at this point in time
My taxes actually went up like 0.8%, not really sure how. I’m a single, low earner with no dependents.
People can’t even take a dump in this White House without it being leaked to the press. That’s what’s so bizarre about this situation...
They applied for a pretty specific subset of goods, of which hats were not included, or any other form of apparel for that matter. It’s all like goofy souvenir type stuff. Posters, cups/mugs, flags, sunglasses, etc
Which is also the only reason Scott Pruitt hasn’t been forced out. He is Don’s ace in the hole to replace Sessions if he “resigns”. Pruitt is the only senate confirmed attorney in Trump’s cabinet, therefore he could be slid into the AG position without any confirmation hearings were Sessions to step down. If Sessions is fired confirmation hearings would be required regardless of who his new pick was.
Yea, I’m the one with no spine because I think bringing awareness to the fact that an entire race of people being treated unjustly is more important than the thought some billionaires *possibly* making a little less money in the short term. NFL revenues went up again last year. Advertising spots were selling at record high rates, merchandise sales broke records. An NFL franchise just sold for a record high price. So you’re just flat out, objectively wrong about that. The only thing that went down was TV ratings, which are impacted by a ton of different variables. We had two major hurricanes that displaced millions of people for weeks during last season. We had lengthy injuries and suspensions to big names players. The team with the second biggest fan base in the league started out the season 1-8. Edit: he changed his comment, which is why my initial sentence might seem out of place.
It is, but as I said, the headline could (and apparently did from the comments here) lead one to believe these two are attending the summit’s meetings. People often don’t actually click the articles
He didn’t cherry pick anything, nor did he say anything was illegal. Donald Trump and his family members continually lied about their business relations with Russians. We have a textbook’s worth of proof of that now. That’s what he was commenting about. You’re perfectly free to interpret the motivation behind those repeated, numerous lies anyway you like.
To be clear, there’s nothing to show that Gorka and Hannity will actually be involved with the summit. All we know is that they will be there in their capacity as TV broadcasters/commentators to report on the events. I’m sure every major news outlet will have “boots on the ground” so to speak, for this event. Now obviously with Hannity and Gorka having such a close relationship with Trump this can be seen in a different light, but I still think it’s worth pointing out the distinction.
You left off a pretty important sentence from that paragraph. &gt; The pair will make their way to Singapore to cover the event for Fox News. Not that their relationship isn’t inappropriate, because it is, but there’s nothing saying that they are actually directly involved in the negotiations, beyond whatever advisory role it is that Hannity has, which could be done via phone/internet with or without him physically being in Singapore.
I mean maybe, but I highly doubt he’ll be in the actual room, beyond any general press allowances for all “reporters”. Wouldn’t be surprised if Trump talks to him before/after, but he could do with without Hannity in Singapore too. I was just clarifying what the story we have as of now is.
&gt;He added that he hopes it will shed light on how an unverified dossier led to the procurement of a FISA warrant to spy on members of the Trump campaign team. This is how fucked our nation is. Graham, a senior senator, is still pushing a **long** debunked conspiracy theory that the Dossier was the only reason for the FISA warrant. Absolute fucking insanity
Bravo
[What it should be](https://i.imgur.com/OyEh6yM.jpg) Credit u/cessout
Hmm, really? The article I read said something along the lines of a poor weld under some passenger seats was like rubbing the sensor or a wire related to the sensor, so I assumed that could be it. I oftentimes put my phone in that seat, is that doing something?
Nothing really of note. They signed depth guys but not anyone who is clear starting material. Also remember that we already supposedly had our Wood replacement on the roster when we re-signed Groy last year, and we traded Glenn away too. It’s definitely our biggest question mark going into the season, along with QB I suppose
And uses daddy’s connections to get out of being held responsible You know what’s terrifying? This guy sits on the House Committee that is responsible for initiating impeachment proceedings. In fact some of the biggest pro-Trump nut jobs in Congress that you see on TV are on that committee. Jim Jordan, Louie Gohmert, Steve King, etc
&gt; I have no idea why they haven't $pecial Intere$t$
A part owner of 1 hotel made $4M in profit? Wtf? How can a hotel possibly be that profitable ?
That makes way more sense
Nothing. He’ll just ignore the situation for as long as possible so as to not draw attention to his stupidity. Like how have they not made any kind of official statement in response to NK saying that he is going to lift all sanctions? Did he say that or not?
Second cousin once removed-son* The child of your cousin is your “cousin once removed.” Works for both first and second cousins, and I believe his wife was his second cousin
I believe the other commenter is right, it started in 2016, but the accordion/sliding door is not visible when you slide it back all the way. I’ve had mine for 1.5 years and I’m not sure I’ve ever closed it. Out of curiosity, why do you want to avoid that?
Not to mention you had one candidate insisting that the whole system was rigged against him and refused to say whether or not he would accept the election results. You know, up until the moment he actually won.
&gt; that Strzok might be willing to take official action to impact a presidential candidate’s electoral prospects. And what were those official actions he took? Keeping the massive counterintelligence investigation into the Trump campaign a secret? So is the big story here that one or two agents may have considered doing something inappropriate, but that they eventually didn’t?
I don’t think it’s quite that black and white. For example, I can’t possibly find any justification why he felt the need to alert congress about the “new” emails from Anthony Weiner. It should’ve been incredibly easy to figure out behind the scenes that they were just all duplicates.
I’m still not seeing an issue. FBI investigations and their findings are not in the public domain. They weren’t actually new emails, that’s the whole point. Meaning, that theory and any accusations of impropriety would not actually carry any weight.
Because there’s nothing flashy or interesting about McC showing out in minicamp. Josh Allen has the obvious “controversial, highly drafted rookie” narrative, and Peterman has the “worst NFL debut in history” narrative
Maddow laid it out perfectly last night. The FBI was so worried about being accused of being in Clinton’s corner that they went out of their way to be tougher on her.
&gt; where he met Trump constantly in the elevators See, this guy gets it. George Popapapadopapalous was just the coffee boy and Paul Manafort was just the elevator attendant. Nothing to see here folks, move along.
Could also be posturing to let Manafort know that Trump still has his back. And of course by “let Manafort know” I mean Manafort’s people, because Manafort is in fact incarcerated.
Hi, has anyone done reporting on what the cost of all this is? Apparently Trump supporters don’t seem to mind having internment camps for brown kids, but maybe they’ll have some kind of reaction to the tax dollar figure that’s going into this.
To be more clear, many of these people literally **are not breaking any laws**. The ones that are, are simply committing misdemeanors.
lol, now I’m envisioning Mac doing backflips, and beating up guys with his karate. He’s finally the badass that he’s so obviously been lying to himself about being all this time, but never acknowledges the fact that he hasn’t always been this way.
I’m not going to pretend to know the specifics of Feinstein’s bill because i don’t, but apparently Collins’ complaint is that in its current form it wouldn’t allow the arrest of any individual within something like 50 miles of the border for any suspected crime, regardless of how heinous or obvious it was. Feinstein was asked about this last night on CNN and she replied with something like, “if that’s her hang up, then we can remove that from the bill” which leads me to believe that there was an issue with the original bill.
I can comment on the grille component. I had to get portions of the front grille of my 2016 replaced due to a fender bender and just that was $500. Keep in mind that this was not the whole grille. For whatever reason Mazda built their grilles from like 40 individual parts, each of which are bought separately. So while that worked out good for me (potentially) because I only had to replace the specific pieces that were damaged, I imagine it makes a full replacement absurdly expensive. Also, should note that with the new 2018 grille they may have reduced the number of individual parts as the big “mesh” piece is surely one piece. That doesn’t mean that the one piece isn’t insanely expensive by itself though Edit: BTW, the mechanic told me that the cost to replace the entire GT front grille (the one that has the LED strip that runs along the bottom trim of the grille) would’ve been something like $3000 in parts alone. [The thin illuminated strip in this pic](https://goo.gl/images/b4AJ5h) is two pieces that cost $390 dollars each
What proprietary stats does the NFL own? And furthermore, why would a bookie ever want to use them?
I’m not disagreeing, but why do you believe this? Why would the NFL have secret, valuable, predictive stats that nobody outside of the NFL even knows exist? I’m not really following this Edit: there have always been bookmakers around the world, it’s a multi billion dollar industry and has been for a long time. If there were valuable stats out there they would already have them
I don’t know what statistic you’re looking at but he was top 5 in 2015 and 2016 in air yards per attempt
Call me a cynic, but I am very skeptical of this whole Cohen flipping angle. I can’t help but think it’s all a setup for him to inevitably not give anything against Trump “because Trump did nothing wrong”, knowing that he has a pardon waiting for him
They’ve literally admitted multiple time that their strategy against Mueller is to win the PR battle and make the American people their “jury”. Here we all are saying, “wow, Trump is so screwed if Cohen cooperates”, except what if his “cooperation” is saying Trump wasn’t involved in any illicit dealings? The goal is to get the American people to say, “well if this guy is facing decades in prison and still doesn’t flip then there must not be anything to flip on” It literal is possible. Clearly that word doesn’t mean what you think it does.
In before his non-apologetic “apology” in which he claims he wasn’t mocking a 10 year old with Down syndrome, but instead the other guest.
A weak man’s strongman. A poor man’s rich man. A coward’s hero. An idiot’s genius.
Sure, if you ignore the very first sentence that he himself provided
Uses what as a baseball bat? He signed an executive order to amend his own administration’s zero tolerance policy. An executive order that he insisted was not possible for days, btw
Especially considering that **Donald Trump himself admitted it was BS catch phrase that helped to get crowds riled up** &gt; Trump on his slogan to "drain the swamp": "Funny how that term caught on, isn’t it? I tell everyone: I hated it! Somebody said, ‘Drain the swamp.’ I said, ‘Oh, that’s so hokey. That is so terrible.’ I said, ‘All right. I’ll try it.’ So like a month ago, I said, ‘Drain the swamp.’ The place went crazy. I said, ‘Whoa. Watch this.’ **Then I said it again. Then I started saying it like I meant it, right?** And then I said it, I started loving it."
Lol, yea that totally makes since He didn’t threaten anyone. He posed a crude hypothetical scenario. Go away snowflake
Got that out of the way a few days ago
Her response isn’t even relevant to the situation anymore. Ok, you hate illegal immigrants, you’ve made that clear, good for you, but is punishing that adult for illegally immigrating more important than potentially ruining the life of an innocent child? Yes? No? Apparently yes.
Didn’t that porn billionaire offer like $10M to anyone that could provide impeachment worthy evidence against Trump?
The third sentence of the article...
Honest question here, can this really be enforced? It seems like federal election laws for a presidential race would supersede this. Otherwise In theory, states could pass all kinds of bizarre rules to try and keep an individual off of their ballot, right?
He didn’t sign Hyde or Poyer. They were both signed in March last off-season and we didn’t hire Beane till May
Elections have consequences
And it only includes Muslim majority countries. If the point of the ban is to prevent countries who can’t properly vet their own citizens from traveling here, then I’m pretty sure there are way more than 5 countries in the world with that issue Edit: **There is no ban for Venezuela or NK**, only restrictions. It’s also blatantly obvious that Venezuela and NK were added to make the ban appear to not be a Muslim ban, hence why they were only added in the second iteration of the ban after push back.
Well you see, in one case an old white guy was the victim and in the other case a bunch of brown folks were the victims. I want to experience a simulation where everything is exactly the same (including SCOTUS justices), except a democratic candidate and then president was worried about the expansion of right-wing, evangelical terrorism
Ok, 1) I was quite clearly being facetious to prove a point, and 2) that’s not an accurate depiction of their decision on the travel ban The US constitution can obviously apply to the President in regards to people not on US soil. Do you really believe that today’s decision means that a president now has the authority to say, “from now on, no non-citizen, black people are allowed to enter the USA”
Would that really work? I used to have PIA but I’m pretty sure they only offered an NYC VPN. How do you connect to a WNY based one?
Shocker. Coming from the guy who “had no choice” but to rip kids away from their parents because of those pesky democrats and their bad laws. “I don’t enjoy hitting you sweetheart, but you know I like to come home to dinner on the table”
Yes it is. He does this as a message to his base. “Anyone who opposes Donald Trump loses”. It doesn’t matter that in reality the other person in the competition is anti-Trump too
No....he’s a conservative and he obviously prefers a conservative replace him. This was his best chance of assuring that.
How much history is there showing that beyond 2016, which had a whole litany of confounding variables?
He was not a member of the Buffalo Bills for either of those first two things.
“a runaway federal official”.....who’s doing exactly what he was appointed to do, lol. As weak as that argument is in general, I’m not sure it even applies to Roger Stone, assuming this has to do with the Wikileaks stuff
Fox News had a leading story on their front page this morning about all of this (Strzok, FBI, Trump, etc) and in it they quite one of Trump’s tweets where he says “13 angry democrats” and the author of the piece goes on to reaffirm in their own words that 13 members of his team are in fact democrats. Then a sentence later says something along the lines of, “and some people purport that Mueller may be a Republican”
I’m guessing this is being put out into the airways intentionally to test reactions in WV. He already has an uphill battle toward re-election being in what is literally the most pro-Trump state in the country. If polling numbers start sliding in the wrong direction you can bet he will change his tune
Hey here’s a fun **fact**, Breitbart, and by extension their loyal readers, actively support child molesters. Edit: Oh my god, check out OP’s user history, lol. This dude is like the grand wizard of snowflakes. I’m guessing he’ll report me for “hate speech” too, and then screen grab this and post it to some weird, backwoods sub where like 10 neck beards can circle jerk with each other
I like Barkley as a contrarian play. He’ll have decent ownership, but I think relative to a typical week for him lots of people will avoid due to the matchup
Josh Allen has a pass of 63.9 air yards this season Cousins and Goff both have passes of just under 63 air yards this season as well
Umm, rude.
Nah, I’m sure he thought it was roughing the passer (contact to the head/neck area)
And to think, had we not won last week this stat would’ve looked a lot cooler saying 100+ yards
People don’t think it was a horse collar tackle, they think it was making contact to the head/neck area of a passer
I’ve lost Hunt, Green and now possibly Conner all in the last 3-4 days Fade me
Particularly fitting considering two of his guilty pleas are literally **directly** related to Trump. One of which **directly** accuses Trump of a crime. Maybe he meant “unrelated to [Tiffany] Trump”?
Same, I was just fortunate enough to have a couch to catch me
The fuck kind of awful comparison is that? Drake’s ankle was already up in the air and in a fluid motion he *barely* pushed it while air pumping his fist.
You’re right, I’m not saying it didn’t matter at all, but the reality is it didn’t change the situation a ton considering it was on first down, and that on their next play they again ran it and got tackled for a loss on first down (net loss of 9 yards) When I hear someone say a penalty “cost the game” I’m thinking like giving someone a first down on 3rd or 4th down, or committing PI in the end zone, etc, in the waining minutes. Pretty ridiculous to say that had this penalty not happened we would’ve clearly won the game, which is basically what this title implies. There were 10 minutes left in the game when it happened
Touch has definitely been an issue on shorter passes, but it’s honestly hard to judge his ability to progress through reads when he leads the NFL in pressure rate under 3 seconds I suppose you could say that despite the pressure sometimes he should continue to hang in the pocket and make throws, but it’s hard to argue with what he’s been able to do with his legs in those situations
I’d imagine they didn’t count that Hail Mary against him much, unless my understanding of their grades is wrong. At the same time though, he probably should’ve had another INT earlier in the game to Fitzpatrick, so even if they did count the Hail Mary it’s probably fair overall
I’m actually a little surprised too. I’d guess they didn’t count the one Hail Mary interception against him and on top of the crazy rushing stats he probably got a ton of points for evading pressure and sacks and hitting guys while on the move. They may also be giving him credit for a few throws that weren’t completed but that they deemed good enough passes. Like that last throw to Clay, if they are classifying it as a drop, that would put his hypothetical total yards up to nearly 400
He made few wicked throws on the move as well, like that sideline tip toe pass/catch to Zay out of his own end zone on 3rd and long. Probably got a lot of credit for both of his final two passes of the game, neither of which ended up being completions I’d guess PFF graders love that kind of stuff
Then this stat is wrong because he tied the then 1-0 Packers in week 2 this season And he beat the then 2-2 Eagles in week 5 this year
HOW DARE YOU
Yes, absolutely. The thing to consider is that regardless of his age and health they won’t trade him for cheap. So we’ll likely have to trade away non-negligible picks for one year of AJ Green at $12M. Money won’t be a problem, so it will come down to where we think we are as an organization in terms of our “rebuild”
That’s certainly a possibility, but the potential downside to that is he’s 31 coming off of foot surgery. So do you risk locking him into your cap for ~3 years of guaranteed money when you’re not fully aware of what you’re getting?
Unless my understanding of comp picks is wrong then there’s no way we were going to be getting any regardless
O/U on the number of Bills/Josh Allen games this guy has actually watched. O 1.5 +400 U 1.5 -250
TBH, PFF is more confident in the Bills than I am
Seems like such an odd fit for that offense
Because before last night in his 7 games with double digit carries he was averaging 3.6 ypc
What an absurdly ridiculous comparison
Think i saw he was started in like 14% of ESPN leagues this week. 12% are probably teams that didn’t make the playoffs and 2% are Hunt/Conner/Gordon owners that got lucky as shit
By my calculations this stat line should only require 18-20 targets. Doable
&gt; Mahomes makes mediocre receivers look great I like Mahomes as much as the next guy, but what mediocre receiver has he made look great? The roster is stacked with playmakers and 80% of his passing stats come from Hunt/Hill/Kelce/Watkins He hasn’t had an opportunity or reason to make mediocre guys look great
He just a thicc boi Combine that with being slow and putting in minimal effort you get “fat”
Well, Hillary did win the popular vote by 3 million, who’s to say that isn’t considered “successful”
Geraldo Rivera this morning: &gt;nothing in sentencing memos of #PaulManafort &amp; #MichaelCohen seems to indicate a crime by @POTUS, with exception of campaign finance irregularities, which are generally punished by a fine. **Certainly not a "High-Crime or Misdemeanor required for constitutional impeachment** “Nothing seems to indicate a crime by the president, except for the crime they expressly say he committed.” “Certainly not a high crime or misdemeanor” #THEY WERE LITERALLY FELONIES
&gt; it would depend so much on if the Jags eat any of the cap hit I could be wrong, but I’m pretty sure that’s not a discretionary decision. If Blake Bortles were to be traded away his cap hit for the new team is going to be $16M for 2019 regardless (obviously not talking about the new team restructuring). The Jags would then have to eat $10M in dead money from his remaining signing bonus The only thing I’m not sure of is how much of that $16M hit would be guaranteed for the new team. So if we did trade for him and then immediately cut him I’m not sure what our dead cap hit would then be
Can’t find a clip, but literally last night Marc Short (former Trump admin official) was on CNN and called the news of a Kelly departure fake news That too did not age well
https://rover.ebay.com/rover/0/0/99?loc=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.ebay.com%2Fp%2F4025325651%3Fiid%3D292815021309 Same price on eBay + $9 shipping if you don’t have a Costco membership
Yes, typos happen
Nope. Only reason I buy new ones is because the leather tends to wear unevenly on them. My current pair is near replacement time and one shoe is much darker than the other. Structurally/functionally speaking I’ve personally never had an issue with any
See the Bills are just playing the long con, keeping Bowles around as long as possible Also, idk who the Jets ST coordinator is, but they should make that man their next HC, or at least pay him like one
Can’t say for certain, but I wonder if White lost track of where he was on the field and thought they were closer to the sideline than they actually were. If they were right along the sideline an outside shoulder throw probably wouldn’t be catchable inbounds and staying inside would make sense. Either way, not a good play (or game) by him. Probably his worst of the season
Dude is the epitome of the white athlete “deceptively fast” trope When you focus only on him it really doesn’t look like he’s moving that fast, but then you see him blowing past/pulling away from other guys
Dude, first off Allen’s numbers the last few weeks are likely flukey to an extent, so to say, “they could do it if they wanted to” is rather absurd What he did in the last 3 games has literally never been done before in the history of the NFL. Both Russ and Cam ran a lot earlier in their NFL careers and they never did it, so I’m not even sure how to interpret your statement And no, I’m not saying Allen is a better athlete than these two, although it’s sort of impossible to even compare him to Wilson considering the size difference
It’s a doggy dog world out there
&gt;Josh Allen: 7.0% (4th) &gt;Baker Mayfield: 6.4% (6th) &gt;Josh Rosen: 6.1% (8th) &gt;Sam Darnold: 5.8% (10th) &gt;Lamar Jackson: 5.0% (14th)
So the LeVeon Bell sweepstakes: &gt;A. Colts &gt;B. Jets &gt;C. Bills &gt;D. Raiders &gt;E. None of the above
Not much dumber than building your defense around an ILB
Maybe, but I think it makes a decent point in that people try to oversimplify the NFL both when things go right and when they go wrong. Maybe the Vikings just overachieved as a team last year, and maybe this year they’re underachieving. Both of these scenarios could be the result of any number of things that aren’t necessarily any one player or coach’s fault. The margin of error in football is so small that the difference between 9 or 12 wins any given year can just be plain dumb luck
[Believe in something. Even if it’s just until halftime.](https://www.reddit.com/r/buffalobills/comments/9goksh/just_retire/?st=JPLLZ8Z6&amp;sh=01d020c7) Credit u/Cgio
Here’s a fun fact the author doesn’t bother to mention... In the 3 games since Allen returned from injury the Bills offense has compiled 1,110 total yards. Josh Allen’s arm and legs are directly responsible for 932 of those yards The RBs contributed less than 60 yards/game on the ground in 3 games that were all close from whistle to whistle (aka they weren’t game scripted out)
Remember, wins are only QB stat when we want them to be, not when we don’t want them to be
1 foot + half a cheek = possession? We’ll find out Edit: WE GOT A FULL CHEEK, FOLKS. A FULL CHEEK!
Their rankings are often misleading as well in that people don’t realize how close a lot of these guys are in the actual points/grades despite what might seem like a huge ranking difference I remember around the midseason mark the grade difference between the #1 safety and the #5 safety was bigger than the difference between the #5 and #30 Micah Hyde went from being in the 25-30 ranking range pretty much all season to the #7 in the last two games
Well I guess we’ll have to agree to disagree If Mahomes plays the last two games of the season like he has played all year he’ll be in the top 3 all time for single season TDs and as it stands currently 4 of the top current 5 won the MVP when they did it (the one exception being Brees in 2011 when Rodgers finished with only 1 fewer TD). So if that happens I think it will between him and Brees
You think they spend 20-30 hours a week doing that? (and that’s factoring in 5-10 hours of travel) They are part time, seasonal workers
That doesn’t help in a discussion specifically about Allen. He didn’t play for roughly 5 games worth of quarters this season The percentages you listed in the previous comment are also way off. Our season long 3/out rate according to FO is 23%, not 30%
Why would McDs even been seen as an option after last year? Was there something to the whole Colts debacle that I missed? If he backed out of that job, what would possibly entice him anywhere else?
Surely they won’t cut both Dareus and Jackson though, right? Could certainly see a restructure for Dareus to try and backload his hits
It’s either going to be like 20-13, or one team is going to blow the other out by 3 TDs
That was probably Josh’s best half of the season with his arm IMO Would have another 45 yards and probably TD on the stat sheet if not for the DPI
That final offensive drive made no sense at all. They were calling plays like they were winning already and trying to run out clock
You mean when he overthrew a screen pass in his first ever preseason NFL practice and the post got quadruple digit upvotes here?
PUT SOME RESPECT ON ROBERT FOSTER’S NAME GODDAMNIT
Yea, but you say that like we aren’t the Bills
The defense and offense played well enough to win those games. That’s literally the entire basis of the post
Dread it. Run from it. Destiny still arrives.
I hear you guys may be in the market for a new starting QB this offseason....
“I got this” - Nathan Peterman - Josh Allen
I mean randomly highlighting the 1st and 4th most projected cap space for 2019 seems pretty odd without any context when it’s two teams that aren’t in the same division and aren’t playing each other I suppose the connection is as you say though (fringe playoff)
Isn’t the SB there this year? Edit: I was thinking of the CFB championship
Fight me irl
FIGJAM
I’m fairly certain that’s not how that works
This will 100% end up going to Samuels
Probably, but that’s some great value on Brees. I wouldn’t put it past the AP to give it to him for ceremonial purposes a la Kobe in 2008. It’s an eerily similar setup for “narrative” with Kobe being Brees, the long time all great who somehow never won an MVP and Mahomes being CP3, the young upcoming superstar that will have plenty of opportunity down the road.
Hogwash
How does Gore having more touches disprove the point that Drake is underutilized? Being a bad blocker doesn’t explain only averaging 7 carries per game
&gt; Being a bad blocker definitely makes it harder to put him on the field in situations where its not obviously a run. Like you either have to let him get mauled in pass protection, or you give away your playcall by subbing him in But that’s what’s already happening though. Gore has barely been involved in the passing game whereas Drake has nearly 70 targets. They are using Drake a bunch on passing downs, even if he is a bad blocker. So that doesn’t explain his lack of carries
You won’t find comprehensive ranking anywhere for free, but the Twitter account “NFL Matchup on ESPN” periodically tweets out the top 10 and bottom 5 From today: https://twitter.com/nflmatchup/status/1075031215508480002?s=21
I feel like total pressures is a useless stat Watson has been pressured 7 more times than Kirk, but Kirk has 115 more pass attempts than Watson, so in reality the two aren’t remotely close Edit: Should probably count their sacks too considering those are also passing downs. Kirk still outpaces him by 97 passing plays (i.e. pressure opportunities)
True, that brings the difference down to 61 at the lowest. As I can’t confirm which rush attempts were deliberate and which were scrambles that’s just counting every rush attempt for each of those QBs as a scramble
So this administration has yet again put us in a place ethically speaking so far beyond the pale that we don’t even have the infrastructure to deal with it
Still waiting for some criminal charges related to whole Trump Tower Azerbaijan debacle that Ivanka spearheaded
Have you never seen Mike Pence before? His permanent physical disposition is that of a dejected puppy
You’re right that it’s not a big deal that Gruden was high on Peterman coming out of college, as he certainly wasn’t the only one, but calling him a “media personality” is obviously underselling him considering he both previously was and now currently is an NFL head coach
The whole narrative surrounding him is so ridiculously forced and unjustified. I won’t even go as far as to say it was an overpaying situation as he’s obviously played very well for the past year and half. We were a team in obvious need of a rebuild with a totally fucked up cap situation, a brand new HC and a GM with one foot out the door. It made no sense for us at the time to pay a CB (with injury issues) top 3-5 money regardless of how good he was. If either side of the dynamic has a right to be salty it’s clearly the Bills fans base because of some things Gilmore said post-departure
Except Starr spent most of this interview downplaying and justifying all of Trump’s actions, and when cornered went with the cop out of, “well I don’t have all the facts”. He was only hypothetically saying a president could be indicted, not that Donald Trump should or would
Half point PPR, can start three, so which one hits the bench? Samuels @NO (assuming Conner is out) Lindsay @OAK Mack v. NYG DJ v. LAR
Not sure how much of it was with less than 1% win probability, but in the Buffalo game at the end of the 3rd quarter the score was 27-0 and Kirk had 99 passing yards He then threw for 200 yards in the 4th quarter
So what you’re saying is it would still be more competitive than the pro bowl?
Half point PPR, can start three, so which one hits the bench? Samuels @NO (assuming Conner is out) Lindsay @OAK Mack v. NYG DJ v. LAR
No, keep Lindsay on the bench
I understand the situation perfectly, I don’t quite understand what you don’t understand about my reply to the original comment The implication of OPs comment was that NE saw this coming down the pike 7 weeks ago as if they had some sort of inside track on Gordon violating his deal. They didn’t, therefore the comment doesn’t make sense in context of today’s news
Almost certainly has to be Baker
AND TREMAINE EDMUNDS WAS EVEN YOUNGER
I get that, but he doesn’t actually get $7M+ next year if he’s on the roster. Meaning he wouldn’t be walking away from that much money were he to retire We know he was on the cusp of retirement last offseason when he was trying out for broadcasting gigs and despite that he came back and has now suffered two fairly serious foot injuries after a serious foot injury the year before I doubt money is going to be the defining factor of him retiring or not
What?
They’d have to be high to cut Jerry Hughes We’re not realistically going to be able to spend all the money we have available as is, so that move would make no sense just to clear more space
Let me tell you, I played varsity football, but never took a hit. Had coach only put me in for that final drive we woulda won state though
Nah this is clearly way worse. Most players don’t have super bowl incentives in their contracts so they get paid the same win or lose.
Huh, TIL. Ok, I guess they’re both equally as devastating
It’s been 3 games
Holy shit, I’m off work today and haven’t been paying attention. The DOW is getting dangerously close to pre-inauguration levels Edit: S&amp;P is basically already there. Wow.
I’m a Bills fan aren’t I?
Honestly I love their fleece zip ups. Perfect fit for me as a skinny dude
Don’t worry, it won’t last. The Browns/Baker were a lovable success story this season coming off of 1-31, but after this year that won’t be the case. It’ll be interesting to see how the public reacts towards him from here on out now that the expectations will no longer be nonexistent
That’s your justification for discrediting their rankings? It’s almost like changing teams can affect someone’s level of play, not to mention the fact that most guys in general just don’t play at an elite level for 16 games so it shouldn’t be that hard to imagine a scenario where someone could be elite through 5-7 games but not 14-16 games They still have Swearinger at #11. He was cut for non-football reasons
Hyde and Poyer will still only be 28 next season and generally speaking safety is a position with pretty good longevity
He’s been targeted 4 times and he dropped a TD against Seattle. Went right through his hands and bounced off his chest
Yes, but liberal woman. Checkmate libs
680+ yards, 7 TDs, and 71 fantasy points in 2 Miami games
Edmunds jumped over the top of Kenyan Drake and sacked Tannehill with Drake still between them He’s so fucking big that after watching 16 games it still looks bizarre to see him lined up at MLB
Yet*
I’d be fine with that. Better to get good value on a DLineman than overpay for a WR
Ok, but what about Elway? How many times does this guy get to whiff on QBs and HCs without getting canned? How disastrous would his tenure look if they don’t get handed the opportunity to sign a HOF, top 5 all time QB in FA?
The Bills made the playoffs last year. They don’t fit the criteria
Phins
He had really good numbers against top 10 defenses in DVOA last year 7 games: 63%, 267 yds/game, 14:4 TD/INT Good for a 98.3 passer rating The numbers this year were significantly worse. By my count he only played 4 games against top 10 DVOA defenses. CHI twice, NO and BUF. Even then, in the Buffalo game 200 of his 296 yards and his only TD came in the 4th quarter when they were down 27-0 2018 wasn’t as good of a year for him as the overall stat sheet shows IMO, but it’s also ridiculous to call the signing a bust after one season. If the same stuff happens next year then we have a discussion
Ok, so it’s just a coincidence then? Guys get cut/traded all the time without saying anything bad about their former situations What’s the common denominator here?
Wait, does that mean he was given a fake injury designation though? Isn’t that a big no-no?
Antonio “Vontae Davis” Brown
I WILL DONATE ALL OF MY ORGANS RIGHT NOW FOR ANTONIO BROWN
Nope, he’s had a bunch of one-offs like this though
Imagine not only believing all these things, but also plastering them onto your vehicle for all to see. Dude must be severely mentally ill
The sole is similar to the Metcon but it’s not them, unless it’s just an older version that they don’t sell anymore
Yooo forreal. Knowing absolutely nothing about cricket, does it always last this long?
Jesus, so there are arenas full of fans that regularly sit through 8 hour matches? I love me some sports man, but fuuuuuuuuck that
Maybe, but it’d be a huge disincentive, especially if their location of choice is far from where the squad actually went
Of course he will, Republicans never believe the victim.
I mean, that’s nice, but I don’t really agree. Rookie year was amazing and year two wasn’t awful but he didn’t exactly build on that rookie performance and the number of penalties were concerning. I think he *could* be #3, assuming this year goes well, but he just doesn’t have the body of work as of now to justify that high a ranking
The other guy is right. Having TB combined with a number related to sporting goods is definitely grounds for a legal battle, and they could potentially win (not saying they will). The applied for goods are paramount here If there are suddenly trademarks for TB + any number and they are all related to sports it definitely dilutes TB12 Now, if you wanted to apply for TB5 related to like lamps or couches it would be an entirely different story Source: TM admin who has dealt with far more tenuous lawsuits than this one, most notably, one by an MLB team
Errmm, I didn’t reference PFF and Top 25 isn’t even in the same universe as top 3 Obviously I think he’s top 25, just not top 3. Like he’s obviously not a better CB than Pat Pete
Wow, hadn’t seen that. I guess that means he just straight up defied orders from “higher up” and around the organization regarding Clowney
Not working for me on Xbox
So then just don’t play elite...
Same in the southeast, haven’t been able to even open the game in like 15 mins. Just sits on the very initial loading screen before eventually booting me out back to the Xbox home “For some reason Apex Legends took too long to start.”
Well, that’s the thing. It’s closing itself every time. I have no idea how to check the data center Edit: restarted my Xbox and it seems to be working
And you’re entitled to those opinions, I’m just saying plenty of people enjoy the thrill of winning too, whether that be by playing it slow or fast I’ve played plenty of elite and I haven’t noticed it being all that bad. It’s obviously slower because people want to spread out from the get go, rather than half the match hot dropping to skull town, and once it gets close to 5 nobody wants to be the last one out, but it’s not like I constantly find myself running into seemingly empty buildings only to discover a whole squad chilling in the corners
What’s that faded blue looking one at the bottom left? Looks almost like cross stitched canvas
“**All** the polls are corrupt fake news, *execpt* this Rasmussen one that I like”
Quick, someone change the definition of “straw man argument” to add this as an example
Eating wings and smashing tables?
Ok, that’s just patently false and easily dis-provable. If you’re against Biden there are plenty of legitimate criticisms to use
There are many, but this is the most recent https://www.politico.com/story/2019/06/11/biden-black-economic-alliance-poll-2020-1359082
Gotcha
&gt; In short, his fans and supporters already know that he's a cad, a scoundrel, a prevaricator of the first order; a welcher, an adulterer, a cheater, a misogynist, and son of a Klansman. What a ridiculous statement. His fans and supporters don’t even know what half those words are
I’m not a great golfer by any means, but something that helped me a ton on shorter chips was really emphasizing putting most of my weight on my front foot from start to finish. Don’t know your level of golf, but I think a lot of beginners tend shift their weight backwards on short chips thinking it will help them get under the ball and lift it up, this results in your club hitting the grass too early before it reaches the ball. The loft on the club will do all of that for you Took a round or two to get used to the feeling, but it majorly reduced my “nubs”. I’d go to test this by starting with an over-exaggerated amount of weight forward (like almost falling over) and then slowly shift some backwards until you find the comfort zone
The President of the United States, ladies and gentlemen... &gt;“The two lovers, the two pathetic lovers, those two lovebirds,” Trump said of the pair. “Robert Mueller, they worked for him ... they had texts back and forth ... Mueller terminated them illegally. He terminated the emails, he terminated all of the stuff between Strzok and Page ... He terminated them. They're gone. That's illegal. That's a crime.” Edit: I’m not even sure what the accusation here is. Is he referring to the texts we all saw more than a year ago? How is it that they were “terminated” (who the fuck uses that word as a synonym for deleted) if we’ve all seen them?
I’m pretty sure he has replaced the word deleted with terminated for some completely unknown reason. He isn’t complaining that the two were fired. I’m guessing in his scrambled mush of what should be a brain he thought it would sound more dramatic and damning. It’s an understandable misunderstanding though considering the President has little to no grasp on the English language
Because regardless of whether or not these two had a legitimate case for asylum they were in a backlog for 3 months waiting for their case to be heard. This is due to the constraining the Trump Admin has implemented on the asylum program. Now maybe if their asylum case been heard earlier this would’ve happened anyway after being denied, but the point remains that there are people with legitimate cause to seek asylum who have been waiting for months and have likely grown desperate Is Trump personally responsible for these 2 specific deaths? Probably not. It’s hardly like these are the first people to die crossing the border (hundreds died last year alone), but I don’t know how you can possibly look at the current situation and not understand that it breeds desperation in people who are already desperate and people make rash decisions when they’re desperate Also, I love how all these comments are shaming “muh mainstream media” for “blaming Trump” as if Trump didn’t go on camera and explicitly blame democrats for their deaths
Lol. Totally not a Trump supporter here guys. Just ignore the fact that he’s a redpiller. Probably just a coincidence....
No, I’m suggesting that supporting struggling nations in your region can be mutually beneficial in the long run. Is that how you think foreign aid works? The US sends a billion dollars to some 3rd world country and then that government just divides it up amongst their citizens as a bribe?
The article doesn’t have much detail on the initial incident, but it doesn’t sound like she committed a felony to begin with Is there a misdemeanor murder law?
I think you left out maybe the most important role of the current house. Stopping the Republican Senate from passing any ridiculous new laws. Just think, the tax cut never happens if the house in 2017 were what it is now
The reality is this is just meaningless content filler. They’re just averaging player grades from the previous season, which doesn’t account for any potential improvement from young players or the fact that plenty of guys have changed teams and there’s no reason to think their performance will remain static I’m curious to know who PFF has as our predicted starting WRs and OL as of now though
Lol, what are you even basing these statements on? Some sort of unquantifiable era scale? In Dilfer’s 4 game super bowl postseason “run” he had a 48% completion percentage and averaged 150 yards per game, with 3 total TDs and 1 INT
I’ve not done any tape study of Edmunds, but am I wrong to say that he struggled quite a bit against the run this season? Not to rain on his overall parade or anything, but it seemed to me like there were a lot of runs up the middle where he got taken out of the play by either committing to the wrong direction or not being able to shed a block.
Looks like he missed the top 50 by one spot. His grade was 0.1 lower than No. 50 Wilkins
As is, the entire 1st team secondary is from the AFC
Even stranger, all 4 played for an AFCE team at some point this season. Although Minkah almost certainly doesn’t make it without the trade. Would take way to long to look up, but I wouldn’t be surprised if that was a first
Heavily? Ehh... DiMarco is at 15% of snaps on the season, but even that’s misleading as he was getting a much more consistent workload in the first 8 games
Simmons and Godwin both made the AP second team though
Poyer is a 2-3 years older than Jackson, and has been in the league 4 years longer. He still has another year left on his deal, meaning he’s not a FA till he’s 30 (Jackson turned 26 in December). Poyer won’t command a deal anywhere near this
I’m guessing that’s what Yates was looking at. I really just meant it in terms of we more often than not were phasing him out of the offense during the second half of the season compared to the first half. He got a ton of usage against Pittsburgh but other than that he was mostly on the field for like 0-10 snaps for the other final 7 games
It does? I’m looking at this list and those two things don’t seem to be all that correlated, let alone heavily. 3 of the top 5 in Bad % are in the bottom 10 for drops, and the two lowest Bad % are like middle of the pack for drops
I don’t know how to exactly phrase it, but they just try to judge when the incompletion is completely on the receiver, which will obviously never be perfect So like if there’s defender in really tight coverage it’s usually not going to be a drop, even if the defender doesn’t actually hit the ball. If the player has to dive and only gets his finger tips on the ball, it usually isn’t a drop. If the QB throws the ball behind a receiver when he’s mid-route to the point where he has to stop his momentum, it’s usually not a drop. Etc, etc
&gt;Lowest passer rating allowed *in the entire league* since he entered the NFL three seasons ago “Yea, but I need to see more”
He hasn’t earned his respect, and discredits his accomplishments “because he plays in a zone defense” How is that not shit talking? The ranking is the least of what he says To be clear, I don’t really care. White talked some shit last year, so it’s fair game as far as I’m concerned, but he is clearly throwing shade in this interview
42 rushing yards 16 receiving yards 11 passing yards “Not bad for a ___________”
Oh bulllllllshit. Since when is every tip “interceptable”? Only the Roby one was
May have been 38-0 if Daboll wasn’t trying to get his Browns interview cancelled with that Gore run play call on the final drive
I’ve had this happen a 2-3 times with my AW4 over the last 6 months. No idea what causes it, but I just rebooted like you and it worked
Jordan Poyer still has a year left under contract and as of now will have the 29th largest cap hit amongst safeties in 2020
Hopefully the team pushes this in the offseason, just to get the rule(s) changed and clarified So many people are rushing to brush this off because it was such an obscure flub (and it objectively was), but the ref on the field standing right next to the returner saw it happening and even tried to help the guy by telling him to stop.
Cam didn’t crack a 90 passer rating until his 5th year in the league, when he won MVP. Even now he has only done so twice in his 8 year career (not counting this season). How is that a good argument? As for completion percentage, cool. Cam cracked it twice in his first two years, but only barely with exactly 60% and then 61.7% two years later. If the Bills didn’t lead the league in drop percentage Allen would’ve cracked that arbitrary barrier and had the same number of 60%+ completion seasons (one) and 90+ passer rating seasons (zero) as Cam did in his first two years in the NFL Cam’s career passer rating is less than 1 point higher than Josh Allen’s sophomore passer rating
Ok, so we’re not talking about Cam Newton anymore? Edit: PFR had Allen finish the season 21st out of 32 in “on target %” Allen isn’t even bottom 5 in passer rating this season to begin with, so I’ll need to see the math on that one
Wait what? How in the world was that endzone throw graded badly? It was perfectly placed and literally hit Duke in the hands in stride
You have to be trolling. Why do you keep singling out individual seasons for a 9 year pro? Are you dense? I don’t care that Cam Newton had a good rookie season. He’s been in the league 9 years and that rookie season was the second best of his career, so it’s irrelevant when put into the context of his entire career You already tried to do this a couple of comments ago. For every one “good” Cam Newton” season there are at least 2 “bad” seasons. And the “bad” is using you’re own judgements from Allen being bad this year
We really don’t have that many guys to re-sign though, and the only one who could be considered potentially expensive given their position and performance would be Jordan Phillips (who I personally think is gone). Beyond that you have guys like Lawson, Long and Spain, but none of them will be commanding massive deals from anyone I wouldn’t be surprised to see Tre get a new deal, but that likely won’t affect the 2020 cap and we already have like $90M in space as is. Same with Dawkins
Signing bonuses really aren’t that big for positions outside of like QB, DE, and DT though. The largest active contract signing bonus for a CB that I can find is only $20M, and that gets dispersed evenly throughout the length of the contract
That’s a misleading stat. 18 of those 44 passes came after the Bills lost the lead late in the 4th quarter. 8 came on just the final possession of regulation when we tied the game to go to OT, in a situation where running was impossible due to clock and no timeouts. Allen had 26 pass attempts in the first 55+ minutes of a 60 minute regulation. We lost the lead with under 5 minutes to go in the game and just started chucking it. That said, I have no idea why we didn’t attempt a single run with Singletary in OT
Yes, sprained AC joint, so two injuries in 26 starts. Don’t really think it’s fair to say that makes him an injury risk yet though
The picture is of the Aiden fit rapid movement chinos
You were on the right track, but here was the main difference... Before Trump, Illegally crossing was a civil offense, not a criminal one. To be clear, that was not an Obama policy (treating illegal crossings as civil), it predated him. During the Obama admin separations occurred because the parent/adult/guardian was also suspected of committing a *criminal* offense, but since crossing itself was a civil offense instead of criminal, a much smaller percentage were subject to separations. The Trump admin made crossing the border a criminal offense, therefore, as soon as someone was caught crossing they had now met the threshold to be separated.
Why trade our first round pick for Mike Evans when we could instead use that first round pick and *maybe* get a Mike Evans? Is that your question?
Pretty wild how confident Jets fans (actually, just people in general) are in Darnold’s “arm” compared to Allen’s (you know, because they don’t want acknowledge the contributions Allen gives with his legs as being an equivalent asset) The two’s passing stats were incredibly similar this season outside of the fact that Darnold attempted more passes per game, which lead to higher per game yardage totals. In the couple stats that Darnold did “win” he only did so barely, and some of those differences are likely further explained by stuff like drop rate and average depth of target. If you look at the advanced passing stats, it remains just as close, with both guys taking some over the other, but all are close enough that it seems to be within the margin of error. So basically, you have a wash with their arms, but then Allen contributed 450 more yards and 7 more TDs with his legs Edit: Something else interesting I found, Allen has been heavily criticized for his poor deep ball this season (and rightfully so), however Darnold’s deep numbers weren’t much better. According to SIS, Darnold hit 29% of his deep balls compared to Allen who hit 26%, but given how small the samples are here we’re literally talking about the difference of one play for each guy. 1 more completion for Allen and one less for Darnold, and Allen would’ve surpassed him in deep completion percentage on the season. For their NFL careers, neither is good, but Allen is actually a hair better in deep ball %, but I never see people talking about how much Sam struggles with it....
Ok, but what does that have to do with this? My point is people were dumb to think arm strength = good deep ball
Ah, I was looking at Football Outsiders. They have NE 0.7 ahead of SF
We just had a 3rd round rookie average 5+ YPC and you talking about drafting a RB in the 2nd? That’s gonna be a no for me, dawg.
Josh Allen *isn’t* controversial? Say what now?
**YES**
Less running and more passing equals less tackles for LBs
I haven’t done any research into that, but it seems logical. Would also have to look into total plays as well. I imagine on average in the passing era there are more offensive plays per game too, which could somewhat counteract my original point
No, probably not, but it all depends on the market. If some other team decides they want to poach him it could raise the price/guarantees
I think this article makes a decent point. Taking a WR in the first round, even one that doesn’t bust, typically isn’t an immediate boost on an offense. Clearly there are exceptions, like the 2014 draft where we got 3 stud WRs in the first round, but that appears to be extremely rare. Pretty wild that with all of the young receiving talent around the league, of all the first round WRs from the last 5 drafts there were only two 1,000+ yard seasons. DJ Moore in year 2, and Parker in year 5 Edit: The author forgot about Amari Cooper, who would obviously be added to Tier 1 of these rankings
Sure, and not that there’s any perfect way to measure it, but if you look across big samples, WRs are still unreliable first round picks compared to most other positions, at least according to all the sources I can find. WRs is a “sexy” position that gets a lot of attention (both good and bad), and people are already starting to go crazy demanding and guaranteeing we take a WR with our first pick. This is more of just a reality check for those people
So you want to look at 2 of the last 9 drafts, and ignore the other 7, but looking at the last 5 consecutive years is cherry picking? Edit: yes as of now the draft looks deep for first round WR talent, but it’s too early to tell how many will actually get taken in the first, and we’re picking in the 20s so we won’t have anywhere near our “pick of the litter”
2011 was known as deep WR class, according to who? Two WRs went in the top 6 picks, and both were great. The next “good” WR off the board was Torrey Smith late in the second round, who put up one 1000 yard season his whole career. The two WRs picked before Smith, one in the late first and another mid-second were out of the league after their 2nd and 3rd season. You’re using blatant hindsight to label past draft classes as deep and shallow, and in terms of 2011 I’d say you’re flat out wrong in your characterization of it
I actually wonder if his public/visible role is now going to be reduced, hence the last minute additions of Dershowitz and Starr
Probably more importantly, the DB comes with a much nicer insole than the Bushacre does
Can’t tell you how many were actual sneaks, but he had 18 rushing attempts on 3rd/4th down with 1 or less yards to go and they resulted in 16 first downs/TDs
QB fumbles on a year to year basis are a useless stat. Russell Wilson only had 6 his rookie year, then the next two years he had 12 and 13. The two years after that, 7 and 8. The two years after that, 14 and 10, then 8 this year. Those are just regular season, he also had 1-2 fumbles in 5 of his 7 postseasons
I never said they were, I said Fumbles on a year to year basis are. A Fumble (the stat referenced here) isn’t a TO, a Fumble Lost is. As to why they’re useless, you can look around the league and see plenty of examples throughout NFL history where a QBs fumble stat heavily fluctuated year to year, so Josh having a lot of fumbles this year doesn’t necessarily indicate that he has a fumbling problem moving forward. I’d imagine the inconsistency is due largely to two things, 1) just plain old random good/bad luck, and 2) QB fumbles being caused by things largely out of his control (bad snaps, handoffs, missed blocks)
Pretty, prettttyyyy, prettttyyyyyyyy....weird
The few mock drafts I’ve seen at best have us taking the 4th WR off the board at 22, some the 5th. That said, it’s really way too early, stuff can change a ton after the combine and pro-days
Definitely
Well, I said veteran, but what I really meant was older. Morse had just finished his rookie deal when we signed him, and OL has a longer shelf life than most positions
How do their slim fit chinos fit compared to BR? BR’s “slim fit” (Aiden) really isn’t slim at all anymore
My roommate is a Fox News’er that works night shift. I got home from work yesterday to an empty house around 5:30 EST, turned the TV on and sure if enough it was on Fox. Watched it for 5 minutes. Picture in picture of the impeachment trial with no audio and the entirety of those 5 minutes were spent talking about Joe and Hunter Biden
Game of Thrones already tried it, and it backfired
I was about to say. There is no way 190M people download every episode
&gt; This isnt a media campaign, it's a trial. Somebody must have forgotten to tell Trump’s lawyers this.
Nah, it’s even worse than before because the Trump Admin is conceding way more territory to Israel than any previous administrations
Right, she side stepped the direct question of acquittal, but also said the voters should decide in 9 months. Hence, “leans towards acquittal”
Do you know what PFFs regular season throwaway total for Brady was?
Well, going into the 2019 season we were at 100/1, so it’s certainly progress
How is this comment at all relevant to the article? Did you just really want to pat yourself on the back that badly?
I’m also not really sure what he would’ve rather us done. Obviously nobody was willing to trade for him, otherwise we would’ve taken any offer rather than cut him. It’s like, he acknowledges it was a “money thing” and that it’s a “business”, so what were the alternatives? That the team tell him, “Hey, we’re going to try and find a trade partner for you over the next month or two, and if no one bites, we’ll probably cut you before the season.”
The pro in this picture, who was paired with Josh for the Pro-Am yesterday? Byeong Hun An, who is currently tied for second after his first round. Coincidence? I think ~~not~~ so.
Eagles putts of 33ft and 24ft for Rickie already. Where the hell was this yesterday?
People like round numbers, so it’s easy to pick on. Without rounding up Cam Newton has one season over a 60% completion his entire career Stafford only did it once his first 5 seasons (albeit two of those seasons were cut short) Literally 4 more completions for Josh Allen and his stat page would’ve shown “60%” last season Meanwhile, Darnold has NFL completion percentages of 57.7 and 61.9, and you never hear anyone focus on that aspect of his game, because that 1.9% is apparently the game changer. Nevermind the fact that nearly 30% of his total completions came from RBs And I don’t mean this as a way of shitting on Darnold, simply just a visualization of how people arbitrarily draw lines in the sand for certain statistics and then use them to justify their predictions
So still the arbitrary line of 60% then. Matt Stafford had completion percentages of 52.7 and 55.7 his first two years at GA, then his final year he barely cracked the magic number with 61.4. Then he went to the NFL and put up 53.3 his rookie season in the 10 games he played Allen only started two years and he had 56.0 and 56.3, so better than both of Stafford’s first two years. Pretty sure HS is beyond irrelevant
Jul 20 puts have done nothing but lose value the last two days. I know because I bought some last week at .27 each and sold them Monday morning at .25 when the stock was way up for only a small loss. After the stock has fallen biggly yesterday and so far today they’re now going for .15
Sell these MGM Sept 30c or nah?
69% on my Sept 30c 👀
RIP to all the people who bought puts because they thought a little rioting and police shooting was going to stop *casinos* from re-opening *after being closed for months* Sweet summer child I’m up 160% on MGM calls I bought in early May. I’m not fuckin selling Edit: Ite, I lied. That shit popped up to a 220% gain and I sold half to guarantee profits. But the other half.....I’M NOT FUCKIN SELLING
Touché
I have Sept calls. I sold some today to guarantee profits but holding onto the rest. Expiration is far enough out that I could afford to see this thing drop down to like 16/17 share again and not be too worried
MGM up another 5% AH 🤑🤑🤑🤑
Hah Yea, mine don’t expire till Sept
I already did that yesterday 👍
I may not have described that well, I sold enough yesterday to guarantee break even if my remaining ones expire worthless
Nah, Amazon just happened to cross his new personal pet project
Even if it’s red tomorrow most of those people will learn what IV is
Thank goodness, don’t know how much more of that I could’ve taken. We can finally go back to exclusively giving wealthy people more money.
What the actual fuck is wrong with Pfizer? This literally has to be the worst performing DOW stock the last month
👏🏻👏🏻👏🏻
Is there any reason to not just hold these MGM Sept calls long term?
Wtf am I supposed to even buy options in anymore? Stocks only go up, so puts are out of the question, and everything has like doubled in value the last two weeks
I went to Charleston last summer thinking I might play this course, then I realized how much it costs. Oh well, one day...
12th in yards because he played all 16 games, 17th or 18th in YPG though. I think you could also make the argument that his passing TD rate compared with his passing attempts may see some regression (although this is just really hard to gauge given his limited full seasons). By my count he was the 5th most efficient QB at throwing TDs with one thrown every 17.6 attempts, league average was every 22 pass attempts
Yes, the bid and the ask
The vast majority of stocks aren’t at ATH’s, it’s really just big tech
They have Allen with 7 interceptions on 3rd downs, but PFR only shows him with 6, 4 of which were in his rookie season
I’m just confused as to how this was considered unpredictable. Did people really think they were going to announce a rise soon considering what happened last time they raised them?
So PFF gave Josh a ghost 7th interception on 3rd down plays
CNBC BREAKING NEWS ON MODERNA LO-fucking-L Time is a flat circle What a coincidence that this news came out TODAY of all days
DCA your 6/12 calls that are now 15% OTM, is what he meant
Diamond handed these BAC 6/12 25 puts for like 2 weeks. Gonna make the rest of my portfolio getting slaughtered *slightly* more bearable
It literally would be though
Lol even my gold play is down PM The actual fuck?
Fuckkkk me. I put in a sell order on my BAC puts this morning that were 100% higher than what they were trading at, and forgot. The order executed and they’re up another 300%
It’s gonna be over 2000% before the days over for me.....
I bought and sold 4 calls out of boredom two days ago and just broke even. They’re up nearly 1600% from those prices T P H A N D S Edit: JK, just checked, it’s almost 2200% now Bought at .29, going for 6.35 now
Lawson was credited with zero starts. Jordan Phillips had 9 and Zo had 7.
In 2019 Allen threw 26 deep balls to John Brown and the final tally of those 26 throws was a passer rating of 109.5 He threw 37 deep balls to everyone else for a passer rating of 21.5 Maybe it was just coincidence, maybe it wasn’t
&gt; help pump up other phama stocks Except for Pfizer of course, because this turd is dead in the water
FWIW, Netflix is a publicly traded company. While I’m certainly not arguing that companies haven’t/don’t ever lie about important things, the risk/reward for outright lying about/inflating a particular show’s viewership numbers doesn’t make a ton of sense to me.
Lol, they’re pleading guilty to **84 counts of involuntary manslaughter** and the entire company’s fine is **$3.5 million** Less than $42k per death The CEO made $9M in 2018 Something something “this is America”
Suits? What is it 1995? I think you mean the “outdoor gear brand vests”
Load up on 6/19 35p you say?
Yep, inversed this, up 40% so far
Yo, why do I keep seeing people on this sub saying stuff like, “one of the few that isn’t at ATH”??? The **vast** majority of stocks have not fully recovered since the COVID tank. Finding a stock right now that isn’t at its 52-week high is not remotely unique Dow needs another 12% from where it is now to reach its pre-COVID February high, S&amp;P needs another 8%
In some places, sure, in other places courses were closed for 2+ months. I’m sure thousands of annual golf trips were scrapped (mine was) It also doesn’t address the fact that Callaway doesn’t own/operate golf courses and retail stores were shutdown nationwide. Yea, online sales and curbside pickup are a thing, but there’s no way those overall sales went up. Most people want to hit new clubs (particularly irons) before they buy them, and that was impossible for most people to do. Edit: Q1 2020 saw a 15% decline in revenue YOY
&gt;There’s so many other ways to make money Oh, my God, that's True. So many ways to make money. Where? Where do we make money? Ugh, those disgusting ex-bankrupt companies. I mean, there's so many ways though! Which one, specifically?
That call hasn’t been below $10 (so $1000) at any point this year. His other post claimed $60 start a month ago
CNBC Celebrity Death Match Round 2!!!!
I’ve been playing Pfizer for two months and it has brought me nothing but tears. I don’t think I’ve seen this turd put up a single day gainer over 1.5% the last 30 days Still have Sept calls
Thinking about throwing a nice chunk o change at WFC Jan 21 $50c.... What say ye?
Maybe, but it’s already at a 3 year high, and it sold off pretty heavily during this same time frame leading into the 2016 election
That’s the opposite of how it works though. Gun stocks always soar when gun control gets brought up, so if the assumption was Hillary winning (it was) the stock should’ve continued to climb until November, or at least into the fall. Instead it climbed till July and slowly sold off for the next several months during the height of the campaigns It did climb a lot in June/July though, so maybe the next 30 or so days sees a repeat
I’m convinced that 99% of this stock’s option volume is from this sub
Literally zero volume on all 7/17 calls
Oof Nearly 50,000 OI in AAL 6/19 21c and 22c RIP to a lot of money
Better looking at the boxscore, but that also ignores what Josh does with his legs, and the fact that Trubisky had a 6 TD game that year, which is a “fluke” for any QB. Literally 25% of his total passing TDs came from 7% of his season sample of games. That said, Josh undoubtedly has a ton to prove this year
Aren’t the vast majority of all rushing TDs going to come within 3 yards of the goal line? By my count 9 of his 17 career rushing TDs were 6 or more yards out (so not “goal line”), that seems like an awfully high percentage for anyone
Choose player 1 or less yards to go Rush play
Invest in Wavetech? They said penis on TV.
Wtf CNBC. They got this big headline about BABA making “big pre-market moves” and it’s up 1% That was a let down...
I mean they aren’t wrong, that’s the impetus of this sudden drop, but obviously the implication of it is that other stores will have to re-shut in certain areas too
You’re spamming a 3 day old article and framing it as new information
If this thing gets back near $40 by July I’m going to forever retire from trading
You were actually able to buy some at $0.05 today? I’ve had an order for that pending for like 3.5 hours and it never filled Edit: ToS showing it dipped to .08 briefly today around 10:30est, but other than that hasn’t sold below .10
Why would you not short QQQ then (SQQQ)? Amazon (10.56%) and Apple (12.09%) are 2 of its 3 biggest holdings. Apart from Microsoft no other company represents more than 4.5% of that fund
INO is up 900% YTD...
Pfizer has had 3 days in the last month and a half where it gained more than 1% Wtf is wrong with this company
That was announced yesterday, and the stock is down more than 20% this week. Down 10% since this was announced.
Doesn’t the fed have like a 4% stake in AAL now? They won’t let it fail. It could still have a couple rough weeks/months though I suppose
Ohhhhhhh Edit: hold up, that means this course has a 670 yard par 5...
Yes, it never wasn’t a noose. It was a garage pull that someone previously fashioned into a noose. In the end it ended up just being a really bizarre and unfortunate coincidence that the one black driver in NASCAR was assigned the one garage bay of dozens that happened to have a noose shaped garage pull
It’s up more than 1000% YTD 😲
This article says nothing about them testing people, and neither do any others on this topic. They are going to require that customers “certify” they haven’t had symptoms in the 14 days prior to their flight date (aka, sign something/check a box online) In other words, they aren’t actually doing anything other than saying, “yea, we can’t afford to only book 50% capacity” Anyone that buys a ticket and is prepared to fly is either going to fly when the day comes, or they aren’t. Having to sign/check a box isn’t going to make them change their decision, whether they have had symptoms or not.
This is super irrelevant beyond comparing it to other QBs. In terms of comparing it to other QBs, this is not surprising
They’re already in full coverup mode, if you haven’t noticed. The new “defense” is just that the intel wasn’t “verified” and therefore in-actionable. Only a matter of time before they get one of the higher level IC stooges (aka John Ratcliffe) to make a public statement to back that claim up. Once that happens the few Republicans willing to even publicly acknowledge this scandal will shrink away
I hit my 3 hybrid that far the 2 out of 10 times I don’t top it and roll it 30 yards
Excuse my ignorance, but it seems really odd to me that this can happen with no advanced warning. Like yea, obviously they filed for bankruptcy, but tons of companies have done that and never gotten de-listed
They also both played football in the SEC, and have a “w” in their last name.
