Usually rest my forehead on the seat
This is possibly the longest post in the history of FT
Just be careful not to fuck with the little gold things in there and it’ll be fine
I got a good feeling about my next poop
Says he quit because he’s a Jehovah’s Witness and just loves to volunteer. Alrighty then
I’m pretty sure it either says “shipped and sold by amazon.com” or “only available from 3rd party sellers” on every item not far from the top
Apparently people on reddit are mad that Kim Kardashian is using the word kimono to sell her new innerwesr brand. I guess it’s cultural appropriation according to them because it’s japan’s word or something
Coworker is always mumbling to herself, which I don’t mind and I just ignore her but every single time she has to make a big joke and say “oh don’t worry about me I’m just talking to myself”, as if she needs to explain herself every time after doing the same thing for 4 years and I always ignore her talking to herself. She just thinks it’s so funny and quirky
I too wonder if his opinion changed after they lost their best player
What other options do you have? Collect DNA samples and try to catch the perp?
That sub is 90% just 15 year olds arguing with their parents about being gay
A while back I had basically identical goals a few days apart https://gfycat.com/AssuredGeneralAmazonparrot https://gfycat.com/DearestSpanishAstrangiacoral
“So (insert hockey player), you played with (other hockey player), what was that like and did you expect him to be as good as he was?”
Agreed there’s no chance this guy was kidding, he definitely actually wanted to cut another man’s fingers off at work.
Oh good, the Monat salesman on my feed posted a video explaining “her story and how she got involved with the company”. It had been almost a week since she last posted about her story and how she got involved with the company so I was worried about her
She went back and edited her captions
I always wonder this. Except I work retail so instead of a desk they’re just wandering around, listening to the awful music that plays on repeat here every day. One time 4 months ago I forgot my ear buds and I’m still traumatized from that day. Would love to know what’s going on in their heads
Definitely not a good look. YP should be like the ugliest dude she ever dated, getting bitter about him cheating on her just makes her look dumb. Should’ve just deleted everything and acted like it never happened
Coworker is unable to handle one word answers. If I just say yes or no without accompanying it with some long winded reasoning like she does she looks like she’s going to start crying. Man she sucks
Just such a bad look. 9.9/10 daughter of one of the NHL goats and she gets dumped by a squirrelly little weirdo and this is how she acts. Should’ve been embarrassed to be with him in the first place, and he gave her a free out by being a douche and now she looks just as dumb as him
I have no idea but people here are implying that he was cheating or being skeevy or something
If I’m being honest she’s not my type but I didn’t wanna be that guy giving my honest rating. If we are putting her against other daughters of NHL goats she is a soft 7 at best
I know you’re fucking around but I think knowing how to grapple would be much more useful/safe than knowing how to box. Being able to subdue a drunk idiot by just squeezing them real tight would be a safer bet than knocking them out and hoping they don’t die on the way down.
Never understood why vaping indoors ever became acceptable. Shits gross and fruity smelling smoke is just as unappealing as cigarette smoke
Bindi Irwin could be a superstar if she would just give us the tiniest little morsel of titty, just once
That pic of Dave, Nardini, and KMarko standing at the bar from the drink book annoys me
When goods don’t cross borders, armies do
Guest mentions they watched a movie once- *RA’s breathing intensifies*
Islami Salami
Alexa play I Ran
We were able to find and kill the guy who is supposedly one of the top dogs with a drone strike, I have a hard time believing we would even need that many active duty troops on the ground, much less need a draft
Nothing worse than watching them slowly lose the interest of the audience as they go on and on about useless details.
Reddit and twitter are both always convinced that every single encounter between small countries will lead to a “proxy war”. Every time Kim Jong Un says something they expect Russia, US, and China to converge on Korea at the same time
Are these real people
Not sure if my gf is being annoying or I’m just in a pissy mood. Probably both
Thank you I needed this
Everybody knows they speak Mexican in Mexico. Smh
Surprised nobody has said Full Metal Jacket yet. In my top 3 for sure. Hamburger Hill is also a good one
Is there a gif in particular you are referencing
If women went bald at the same rate as men, they would’ve cured it 60 years ago
She’s averaging about 1 like per 15 tweets. Not great numbers
If I was a gambling man I would bet my life on NDSU +1.5. Been years since we were dogs
Person next to me in the chic fil a drive thru seems to be having a meltdown in her car because their line is moving much slower than mine. Hate to see it
Surprised a man with your skill set wastes his time in a place like this
Girls giving each other $3 on Venmo to buy coffee and posting screenshots of it on social media afterwards, name a more iconic duo
How is that pronounced? Kenston? Horrific name
Well that clearly isn’t him. Wonder what Jeff is up to these days
Details don’t matter, you just take the side opposite Cheeto man and go about your day. The way things are now
Your cranium expands with the pressure change, so it just isn’t safe as it could crack your skull. The FAA recommends using one with an elastic band if you absolutely need to wear one
Somehow 90% of them will stay fat too. Imagine just eating 2500 calories a day like a normal person. What a concept
Elf is like A Christmas Story and it only remains popular because it’s a holiday staple at this point
Getting irrationally triggered about the set up kiss cam videos from sporting events today. Specifically the one from a few days back at the islanders game where the guy fake proposed to his gf. I’m not sure if I’m more annoyed by the obvious set up or the annoying ass person filming it. So annoyed by her over joyous screaming and laughter. I assume the only people who are retarded enough to film the Jumbotron during the kiss cam are people employed by the arena trying to make themselves go viral because I have never seen anybody just filming the Jumbotron in all my days but somehow these videos always come out
The only reason they even sniffed the playoffs this year was because of Wentz
I’m sure that didn’t hurt
That’s pretty much how Reddit feels about anything. Anytime a celebrity tries to criticize the same things that we normal people do, the internet freaks out and says the celebrities should take their own advice and shut up. Like ya I get the point that hypocrisy isn’t good, but if everybody remained silent about these things the internet would also be pissed. If you’re not Keanu Reeves or Jesus you aren’t allowed to criticize anything it seems
What good would it do for them to be trying their hardest to win games now? They’re obviously not making the playoffs anytime soon, so getting pointless wins is only gonna hurt their draft spot. I’m sure it sucks for a guy like Love but idk what he expected
I like to pretend an analyst is somebody who has vast knowledge of buttholes
All the dumb rich girls I graduated with are into it now. Started with one and they all fell like dominos. Must be tough to be a dad with a bunch of money and have your daughter get into this. Just financing their life while they pretend they are a boss bitch, hoping that soon a fellow rich man will come along to take over money duties
Probably hog tied him and slathered bbq sauce all over him while Troy Aikman watched silently from the corner. Or something like that
Aren’t iPhone dongle aux converter things like $5?
The awkward silence when RA asked if he ever suffered from depression was hard to listen to
First season was sick but I was bored of it halfway through season 2. Elisha Cuthbert is very hot but not a good actress
That’s assuming the camera wouldn’t be smashed almost immediately. Which it would
I mean yeah in an ideal world you can stick a security camera and a guy to watch it on any area that gets vandalized, but that seems like a lot of extra costs for something like this that probably operates almost completely autonomously. I’m pretty sure if they were really concerned about scratches on windows it would be much cheaper to replace the windows once a month. But even that is probably too expensive for them to care to do it
How am I supposed to hurdle over people in jeans? Sweatpants for backyard football seems like the obvious choice
I’ve told this story a few times here but I’ll tell it again, one time I was in the break room at like 7:30 am and my boss brought in a cake and said help yourselves. It was just me and some fat girl and I turned it down because it was 7:30 and I didn’t want cake, and the fatty turned it down too. I sat there for like 5-10 min and when I got up to leave, she immediately got up too and was cutting a piece out before I even made it out the door. It’s like she was embarrassed to accept it at first but was just craving it so god damn bad she couldn’t wait 5 more seconds for me to leave
Monthly reminder that if you walk around whistling, everybody hates you. Nobody enjoys it or thinks it’s charming
That’s how they rig elections
Not like they were a playoff team anyways. Might as well take a shot on young guy from a winning organization. Seems like all the other teams who took risks on young unproven guys has turned out pretty well for the most part. I don’t understand people writing him off immediately as if there were a million better options
Is a coach’s contract like a players where they need to coach every year to get paid? Like if they decide to fire him next year would they still pay it out or does he need to get another job to get that money? Probably a really dumb question
I’m here to offer some free advice: Stop following the ballcarrier into the corner on the attack. Go to the middle and get ready for the pass. It’s getting to the point that champ 2 players are doing this. I’m amazed that people can make it to champ and still chase the ball into the corner everytime. Back in the day, you dropped that habit when you made it out of platinum. Some people could be grand champions with their technical skills but they just have absolute 0 knowledge on how to rotate or attack
My apartment parking lot has been a shit show since we got like 2 feet of snow a week ago. The complex put up signs all over telling people to move their cars off the lot today so they could clear it. Naturally nobody moved their cars. Love to see it
That’s pretty much what they said, they’ll tow anybody who doesn’t move. Which they could’ve done to a few cars but it’s like half full still so I’m not sure if they plan on towing everybody but I assume that’s not feasible. Everybody has a 2 stall garage and for the few with a full garage, there is plenty street parking spots. Just don’t understand why it was so difficult for people to move their cars for one day
Is that because they can’t handle snow or because they’re government workers who do nothing and may as well take off every day that they can?
My fat attention hungry cousin posts once a month asking people for fitness advice and then turns down everybody’s idea and says they don’t work for her lifestyle. Today she posted a status that said “Anybody have any recommendations on good gyms in the area? Also recommendations on healthy eating tips?” Just such a an open ended question, it’s pretty clear just looking for attention so somebody knows she ate an apple today. And of course all her friends commented telling her different diets and she has an excuse as to why every single one just doesn’t work for her busy life I now realize this story was pointless with no ending but I needed to vent
I mean there’s definitely situations where following your teammate into the corner can be a good play. For the most part though it’s just going to leave your team in a bad spot. The third should be ready to attack the corner if the first challenge is stopped, but he needs to know that somebody is rotating back to take his defense spot. I play with a friend who’s a lower rank than me a lot and there is nothing more annoying than when I’m going middle for the pass, our third is attempting to make the pass, and my friend is right on his ass in the corner. I get his mindset, he wants to make the second pass after the first pass gets stopped. Which is the right idea but he always plays way too far up and has no chance to stop them if they take the ball over. Like at that point I need to decide whether I’m going to go for the shot or just turn back around on defense because if I don’t score the goal, we are going to get scored on for sure. Idk if that made sense it was a bit wordy but that’s the only way I know how to describe it. And as for 2s there are basically 0 scenarios where both teammates should be in the corner. If you’re following behind your teammate with the ball you’re almost definitely in the wrong spot
I would love to block this sub but I’ve reached the Reddit limit of 100 blocked subs. So the only way for me not to see it now is to be banned. You could help out and report me
PETA: *says something wild and outlandish about animals for attention* Reddit: *surprised pikachu face* PETA: *does it 2,500 more times* Reddit: *surprised pikachu face every single time*
It’s lit fam
I am interested in the stories but listening to him talk for more than 5 minutes straight sounds terrible
Reported for cursing
Take the Money and Run by Steve Miller Band and Life is A Movie by GZA sound almost identical at the very beginning and it throws me off every time. Also sort of related, on the Gears of a War 5 campaign if you try to shoot the Hammer Of Dawn indoors, it just gives you like an error sound and that sound is the exact same bass chord at the beginning of Runnin’ With The Devil by Van Halen
Yep it’s the worst thing about playing with lower ranked people. The second I begin the attack I just say over and over again “go to the middle for the pass”, and inevitably I make the pass and I see him zoom out from behind me in the corner, not ready for the pass at all because he followed me. On the 5% of times he does go for the pass, we always score and he is like amazed at how easy it is and then just goes back to his old ways the next time. It’s just such a weird habit people have, I really don’t get it. Sometimes he will acknowledge that he’s doing it and his reasoning is that he’s worried he will miss the pass and not score, as if that’s somehow worse than him following me and not attempting the shot at all
Gf is starting a new job this week and today she informed me that her coworkers worked with her new boss at one point, and they said he is very charming and has married 3 of his coworkers in the past. I’m trying to imagine how she would react if I told her my new boss was a flirty divorced milf that liked to fuck her coworkers. I’m afraid to ask what her new boss’s name is because I already know it’s Derek
I’m flipping these burgers as fast as I can
There are plenty people who do far less for far more money, and they don’t have to be public figures for it
I mean I couldn’t give any names but I have to assume there’s a decent amount of random people who invented shit or invested early in some company and just live off their dividends now. And as far as more high profile people, the heirs or any rich families probably don’t work at all and earn millions off their names. Like the Walton heirs
You ever have a poop so small that it makes you question your manhood ?
Military technology is at minimum 40 years ahead of public technology
Oh yeah with modern advances they’re probably doing shit we won’t see this century. They had internet in the 60s
Would love to know what he expected to happen
Maybe it is, but I had extreme pain in my wisdom teeth and then it went away when they took them out. Really makes ya think
They hate us cuz they anus
The guy that was supposed to be King before Elizabeth’s dad got the gig basically just quit to move to America and party
My experience so far going to school for HVAC is feeling almost clueless when my instructor explains things in the classroom or I have to just read out of a book, but then when I get my hands on the equipment in the shop it all makes a lot more sense. Like the other guy said, it would be tough to retain a lot of the knowledge by just reading things online. Maybe you learn better that way but for me that would be tough.
Oh whoops. Maybe it was that he had an American wife? Can never remember all the royal family shit
The Libs would be so mad if they made the super bowl a holiday without making individual holidays for all the letters in LGBT+ first
Didn’t really realize I was into girls with shaved heads until my coworker got cancer and shaved her head. Now her hair is getting longer and I wish she would just shave it again
“Did an adult thing today!”
Was going nuts because I couldn’t find my coat on the rack, and then after a few minutes I found that somebody had put their coat directly over my coat on the same hanger when there was no shortage of hangers. Would I be wrong to throw this persons coat in the garbage
Genghis Khan is laughing at this guys numbers from Mongolian heaven right now
It should be legal to pit maneuver somebody who drifts into your lane while using the turning lane
Definitely would’ve smashed if he wasn’t being filmed
Boom roasted
Monat salesman on my feed posted a link to apply to be part of her scam, I flipped through it and one of the first questions was “how much are you willing to invest in your business?” The options were $199, $399, and $599+. They must have realized people applying are truly retarded because they used to force you to come to their pitch before they announced that you would be paying them to work for them. 0 sympathy for anybody who gets involved in that shit, they deserve to be scammed. Oh also she posted her weekly 20 minute “how I got involved in this industry” video in case anybody was wondering
Idk how they aren’t. Really makes me realize just how easy it would be to be a scam artist for a living. If you google any of these companies, 90% of the results is just people pointing out all the ways that it’s a scam yet they do it anyways.
Yep the worst part is that she has a very rich family and she was a nurse before this so it’s not like it was out of desperation. She realized she didn’t need to work anyways so she got all her friends involved to work for her and now she just posts pics from vacations and talks about being a boss bitch all day. She looks like an insta thot so she plays the part well but it’s so sad seeing all the girls she recruits trying to mimic her even though they are literally broke from joining so they can’t even fake a good life
Who doesn’t know who Doug Stanhope is?
Me and my friends had a Gears Renaissance last year and played the shit out of Gears 4 before 5 came out. Gridlock is forever a classic
Yeah that’s true. I would say there’s a less than 0% chance my gf would know Stanhope. But to be a man working in media/comedy in NYC it is pretty unreal to not know who Stanhope is. I know he hasn’t been big recently but it would’ve been hard for me to grow up when I did and not learn who he is.
I mean I’m sure bridges over water get more icy for that reason, but regular bridges that aren’t over water get more icy because they don’t have the earth underneath them to warm it up. Direct contact with the earth is always going be to warmer than being suspended above the earth
His outfits look no different than he rest of the NBA’s weird metrosexual looks
Just tell your waiter that you would like all proceeds to go to the wildfires
I’ve stolen so many batteries from my employer over the years that I’m almost starting to feel guilty about it. Almost
Finally got around to watching The Grand Tour Seamen special and it was awesome. The ending actually made me anxious. Definitely some of the craziest shit they’ve ever done
It’s really not a sick league
Into my shoebox
That’s how I run in my dreams
All it did was make me feel drowsy and dizzy. Maybe it helped me sleep better but I found that if I didn’t fall asleep before the effects hit, I felt like shit
I’m sure that was their plan at first, they probably thought they would get a bunch of offers from other places after their twitter tirades. After that failed I’m sure they just reopened negotiations with the only place willing to hire them
Macgruber is a top 3 comedy of the last 20 years. Possibly all time
Laura Dern has looked like she’s 60 for 30 years now
My gfs inability to say no to her mom is becoming borderline unattractive. She’s always been this way but since her mom got a divorce last year it’s gotten way worse as my gf just can’t say no and acts like her mom needs all this help now that she’s alone. And she’s not alone, she has an 18 year old son that she could make do whatever but instead she calls my gf up to run errands for all the damn time.
I’m glad you guys know all the details of the situation already so there’s no need for me to respond to any of you
If I’m being honest I just need a hug
r/NBA thinks Paul Pierce is one of the all time greats too. Very weird how much they love him
Yeah it’s a little of both. She’s very caring and I wouldn’t want her to not be but it does lead to her being taken advantage of sometimes. She’s definitely gotten better at saying no lately but often times she’s put into situations where she can’t really say no, or if she does say no it’ll put extra stress on her mom. Things like her mom just leaving town and telling my gf ten minutes beforehand that she needs to be going to her house to let the dogs out and feed them all weekend. I get why my gf does it I just hate that she’s constantly put in that situation. Think I’m realizing my frustration might be more with her mom at this point for taking advantage of her kindness
NDSU is at -1 now but there’s still time to bet your mortgage on it
I believe Shai was an old wooden ship, used in the Civil War
Free talk was a lot different back then
Maybe if she didn’t think her waistline was at her belly button they would fit
I went to high school with Audra Mari, the smoke show dating Josh Duhamel that they reference in that article. Is this what fame feels like
That’s a delicacy in Canada
El Monterey Frozen burritos
Legends Never Die by R.A. The Rugged Man makes me feel some kinda way
So I should try to join the union? I have an interview coming with a non union company that I did a week long internship for school with and I wasn’t really sure what to think of the union. This company has good benefits and will pay back my tuition in 5 years which is pretty big but Idk if that’s standard in the industry. We had a union guy come in to talk to us and he made it seem pretty sweet but that’s his job of course. My instructor also had good things to say about the union but he seemed to only spend half his career or so in the union and the pension was the thing he stressed the most. So should I be trying to join the union right out of school or just take what I can get?
Yes but I also donate $1 to the NAACP every time I do
https://youtu.be/-GNk8EDKFCw Throwback to when the dynasty began. Gives me chills every time and I know the other 2 bison fans here will appreciate it
Well we switched from D2 to D1-AA in 2004 but I think in 2011 is when that became the FCS so maybe that’s what SVP is saying. There was never a time when we were going to be joining the FBS as far as I know Ninja edit: just googled and it became FCS in 2006 so i don’t really know what he’s talking about I guess
That’s Gate City Bank Field at the FargoDome to you
I’ve worked too hard on my reputation to tarnish it by wearing And1 underwear
JMU is the favorite again now
He seems like exactly the type of person who would come here to shit on/ be horny about his coworkers
Bison
You can say that again
THE THUNDERING HERD
JMU kicker has hit the hole in the end zone net twice now. I’m calling shenanigans
Imagine not betting on the Bison today
Does anybody know what that JMU fan’s sign with Carson Wentz on it said? They showed it for a second before commercial
Terrible trick play attempt
Alexa play Thunderstruck
Wow I never knew that. That is awesome
Kirk is about to swing that average size dick all over the field. Vikes by 3
I want Sarah Thomas to penalize my pecker
25k of those are people making FT alts
Do they keep track of how often QBs get sacked on certain downs because I’m pretty sure Cousins would lead the league in being sacked on third down
The AWS catch probability percentage commercials are terrible. The probability of any given catch happening is 50% and I won’t be accepting any other answers
Kinda like how he said he wouldn’t throw at Sherman today and then threw at him once and threw a pick
Math checks out on my end
Ah nice to see a fellow scholar here
That’s what grinds my gears. They just throw out random numbers and it’s supposed to impress me. Idk what the point of the commercial is or how it relates to AWS but considering I’m here talking about it they must’ve done a good job
Well at least the Bison won
Not sure why people got offended. OP didn’t seem to imply that he thought it would be easy or quick, just asked a general question
Why is it that whenever a team loses, r/NFL has to declare the whole team and city is a shithole. Apparently everybody hates Earl Thomas now which I didn’t know
Lol Baltimore was not the best example to use but they do it with every team that has a bad loss
I keep thinking my score app isn’t refreshing because every time I check it, the Chiefs have the ball again. What is Houston doing
Verbal meme I’ve been working on Nobody: My grandparents tablet: *insert image of 64 gbs worth of Slot Machine games*
Will be back in a few hours, stay tuned
Has any team ever given up 6 consecutive TDs in the playoffs before aside from today?
I like that about the NFL. They have 14 million cameras and could easily set it up so there would never be any question, but they let some old guy arbitrarily decide what’s gonna happen. Keeps things interesting
The Break Up and Forgetting Sarah Marshall I will not be taking other answers Edit: fine also Along Came Polly
Are the first two on there?
President Trump personally raped me so speak for yourself
Better as in it may allow other teams to win but nobody really cared about the FCS until NDSU came along
Any adult being upset about not winning a trophy is just sad
Ah that was the day I figured out my older brother is in the FT. I’ll never forget
The Bible
Definitely seems light, but one of the top comments on the r/baseball thread said they were hoping for a lifetime ban? that seems very excessive but what do i know
Idk if it was the Warriors that made me lose interest in the NBA, or the fact that I’m a Wolves fan, but I just can’t get into it anymore. Hockey took its spot in my life
If you can’t spot any idiots, you’re the idiot. That’s what my pa always told me
$100. But I’ll need some time to come up with the money
Joe Burrow, former Fargo resident, and Trey Lance, current Fargo resident, hold the highest awards given at the FBS and FCS levels this year. Is Fargo a football powerhouse city? Stay tuned to find out
How has Big Christmas Tree not started selling Christmas trees year round yet? They could make decorations for every season. It’s only a matter of time until they do and I’ll expect residuals when it happens
Filling out the sleeves of a shirt is a better look than cutting them off. And if you can’t fill them out then don’t cut them off
Also strategically lifting your shirt to wipe sweat off your face throughout the game to show off your washboard abs
Instructor hands out some chart things for us to answer questions. Guy next to me puts his away and then scoots up next to me and says he will just read off mine with me. Would I be out of line to fight him?
Couldn’t care less about it but people could also attempt to just drink in moderation. Not drinking for a month and then going hard for 11 isn’t going to help. It’s kind of like fat people who do weird diets or intermittent fasting. There’s nothing wrong with that stuff but it’s not gonna matter if they don’t stick to it or change their behavior when they’re not doing their weird diet.
https://np.reddit.com/r/EDC/comments/eo3uns/m_26_birth_of_my_firstborn/ r/EDC is my new favorite sub. Guy brought all the essentials to the birth of his first child
MLB The Show 04, NFL 2k5, Madden 09, NHL Breakaway 98, NBA 2k14
If your 3 inch flashlight costs less than $90, don’t talk to me
We’ve got about 3 months worth of food and my gf is acting like we are going to die if we don’t go to the grocery store in the middle of this blizzard
I’ve never zip lined before but it seems like it would be real lame
The original one was so uncomfortable but worked so much better than the new one. The updated version looked good but that was all it had going for it
Did FT finally adjust to daylight savings time
Videos of people playing musical chairs and winning in le epic ways aren’t and never will be funny. There I said it
Tell him to move to a mid size midwestern town where people still somewhat trust the police. He can spend half his day dicking off in his car and then retire at 45 as a relatively rich man
He should’ve just called streaks every time. Smdh
Wild that Missouri had two NFL teams for a while
Sure why not
As a gay man it is very obvious
The mods are going to regret this when I kill myself because the free talk isn’t put up on time
Have these been the worst NFL playoffs in a long time? Like one close game so far. Hopefully the super bowl makes up for it
I mean what games besides Vikings Saints and Bills Texans were even close? Packers Seahawks looked close but it wasn’t until the end. All the Chiefs games have been fun if you’re a chiefs fan but other than that they are close for 5 minutes and the Chiefs go off and blow them out.
Yeah and those were the only 2 good games of the playoffs
Impressive wins but once they gained the lead in the second quarter of both games it was over. They didn’t come down to the wire or even the 4th quarter. There have been maybe 3 games that came down to the last drive or last few drives. Idk maybe I’m forgetting some good moments but it seems like every game has been over by halftime
The Iggles not making it has really made me miss Fran’s electric on camera presence
I love how RA asks every single hockey player that goes overseas what their favorite sights to see were, and inevitably every guy has to stumble through the answer because all of them travel the world and don’t give a shit about any of the sights at this point
There is nothing worse than when a guy is going strong telling good stories and RA completely derails it by asking one of his vanilla ass generic questions
Too accurate. It’s like he’s just reading his questions off a numbered list and is completely unable to go out of order so he just messes up the flow with every question
Enjoy those 2 weeks because you will be listening to her gall bladder complaints for the next 20 years
All washed up at this point. They’re all gonna get the Joe Flacco treatment and go to some shit team and get beaten into retirement
Love all the comments saying it’s sexist to judge this guy. Even if it is, what kind of women is going to want to be with a man who is so scared of everything that he needs his friends to possibly protect himself from her?
I know I shouldn’t expect a whole lot from video game subreddits but their obsession with art and cosplays annoys the shit out of me. Like sure it’s all neat but half the top posts during any given week are art and cosplays. Don’t understand why these nerds think it’s the coolest shit ever
Yeah I’m gay for guys not video game characters
Just make sure you brush after
Rob Lowe wore a hat and it is literally everything
Apparently a girl on my feed is friends with a guy who at one time worked on a track with Mac Miller, so she posted a collage of pics of her with said guy and then a few pics of the guy with Mac Miller, with a caption that was something like “never knew you personally but you were always good to my friends blah blah blah Rest In Peace”. Just disgraceful, I’m sure she will be posting that collage every year for the rest of her life to squeeze any residual sympathy out of whoever will give it to her
All the sports subs are beyond salvageable at this point. I go for breaking news and highlights but the comment sections are horrific
Does Kelly Clarkson really start her talk show by singing a song every time? That’s a power move
Catching up on the last few Chiclets episodes, RA really asked guests on 2 episodes in a row how the skiing in Europe compares to skiing in America. Does he think they get different snow there? Granted he was wasted the first time he asked it but cripes he is a dingus
Ok sure but idk what type of insight he expects NHL players to give on that
Obviously I know snow feels different depending on conditions but I really don’t know what RA expects NHL players to say about it. “Yeah I went faster down one mountain than I did on another one”
Im sure every single nhl player goes on ski trips
You probably could if you wanted to. Lotta weirdos out there
I sleep like that half the time. My dad used to always sleep with the pillow over his head too. I’m shocked it’s common enough to be represented.
You’re a Packers fan now
Sounds like you need a maxi pad
My workplace is slightly colder in the winter even with heat on so wearing something under my pants just makes me feel normal temp in the winter
If the 49ers lose and Garopollo doesn’t play well, everybody is going to hop on that take and act like the reason they lost is because they didn’t throw more and keep Jimmy G warm throughout the playoffs
Can’t stand the Monat peddler on my feed but I cannot stop watching her daily motivational speech videos and endless stories about shampoo. They are just so bad that I’m hooked
I’m sick of r/NFL hyping up Tannehill like he’s the GOAT now. That thread the other day talking about how Gase ruined him was just terrible. Sure Gase sucks but he was only his coach for like 2 years and he was injured half that time. Tannehill is average to good and always has been. Guy is going to go out exactly like Case Keenum. He might get a nice deal next year but if he stays in Tennessee he’s going to basically need to make it back to the AFCCG to secure his job. It’s too late in his career for any team to make him their franchise guy and unless he gets immediate results he’s just going to become another reliable veteran journeyman.
Exactly. Give most veterans a good defense and a good running game and they can stumble into a playoff run. He’s not good enough to carry a team there but he’s a good game manager because he’s smart and that’s about the extent of it
No matter how much I poop during the day, I’m always able to produce a full dump when I get home. Really makes ya think
One day I’m going to invent a yogurt lid that doesn’t give you a yogurt cumshot to the face when you open it and I’m gonna be a billionaire
Over the years I have learned my lesson and now I put my mouth up to it and swallow whatever comes out. My invention will be for the poor souls who haven’t made the same discovery as me yet
I am a gentleman after all
None taken
https://np.reddit.com/r/relationship_advice/comments/ertsws/my_23f_boyfriend_29m_hates_that_i_wear_boxers_to/ I wouldn’t break up with my gf if she wanted to sleep in boxers but I’m on this guys side here. I’m not saying she’s gotta sleep in lingerie but at least some booty shorts, not big old boxers
Definitely big. Says she can’t wear underwear for a day or else she will possibly get a yeast infection. Definitely something fishy going on down there. Also annoyed me that she acted like the only underwear that exist besides boxers are lacy sexy underwear. I was under the impression that most girls just wear normal comfortably underwear and bust out lacy stuff to be sexy
Yeah guy is probably a weirdo for asking her to change if that’s how she’s always slept. I guess I’m just glad my gf doesn’t wear boxers to bed. It’s nice to be able to grab the booty or see it at night and what not. Not for some perverted reason or anything because I know that’s how everybody in that thread would interpret it.
Humans ate raw meat for thousands of years don’t be scared
Gotta risk it for the biscuit
I know Ted Talks suck but the one about tying your shoes is actually worth watching. Life changing
It felt so unnatural when I switched over. Took years before it felt normal to tie this way but I’ll never go back to the old peasent style
15 degrees today feels like T shirt weather after 2 weeks of blizzards and negative temps
I’m calling my congressman as we speak
One of my nipples is way bigger than the other two. I’m not too worried about it
Me and my gf dealt with a guy who was obsessed with his dogs recently and we still make jokes about him. Coulda been you
I paid him to make love to my gf
I haven’t seen a paper ticket in years. Always on the phone nowadays
You could always buy baby wipes but the costs of that add up quickly
Yes. Also keep track of your dumps so you can make sure you split the sewage bill evenly. I saved literally tens of dollars by holding in half my poops last year
Winston Churchill was on the tv and I asked my gf if she knew who it was. Her first guess was Hitler. When I told her it was Churchill she asked if that’s who invented glasses
He wore glasses so it is possible
Yeah I really didn’t expect her to know, I just thought her guesses were ridiculous
Just found out that Canadians call kickball ‘soccer baseball’. Dinguses
Lol I see. Learned it from my gf who is from Winnipeg so the graphic checks out
Bella Thorne has been on a real heater on Instagram lately
Her last few bikini pics haven’t seemed as stinky and hairy as usual
Please ban me mods
I’m sure it must have been shocking for them to find out Joe Rogan isn’t a republican
I caught my UPS guy trying to leave a note saying I wasn’t there before even knocking several times. Every time I opened the door while he was sticking it there and tried to lie and say he had knocked already. Made sure to take my sweet time signing my entire name, first middle and last. And then made sure to examine my package closely before letting him go
I recently revisited that video of her and the brunette chick in a 3some. You know the one
I’m 99% sure I’ve heard that somewhere before and it wasn’t morning radio
No it’s a small titty brunette and she uses a strap on for some of it
If you didn’t watch Dog the Bounty Hunter all the time growing up, I’m gonna have to assume you were born after 1999
https://reddit.com/r/GabbieCarter/comments/e8a53b/feast_on/ In case you have trouble finding it, NSFW obviously
That’s wild. Definitely a staple of my childhood
I hope I don’t offend anybody but diss tracks are incredibly lame unless it’s between 2 real big name rappers
Cuz it’s fun
It’s us against the world ✊🏻
You were on hinge while on a date with a girl from hinge? Or does hinge give you notifications
Exactly. Sure, it’s more responsible to be smart and get a good job and save money. But if we both die at 30, who had more fun, the guy who spent 20 years of his life in school to work a shitty white collar job, or me, the guy who dropped out in 8th grade and now gets to party with his wife’s teenage sons all day? You be the judge
I could really go for a new Hardcore History today
I love when my gf asks me questions like “Don’t you ever get sick of (*insert activity I will never get sick of*)?” I don’t know what type of answer she expects. It’s like she’s trying to reverse psychology me into thinking I don’t like stuff that I have liked forever
Be a real shame if they advertised that shit anywhere. I don’t watch cable tv so I’m sure I miss most of the tv ads for this stuff but it doesn’t make sense that I follow all these different NFL pages and I have no idea when this stuff is. And sure, I could just google it but I expect these things to be delivered on a silver platter to me in 2020
The nut is the tiddy
Yeah I remember hearing about how cool dodgeball was last year and I didn’t even know it was an event until after it happened. And then they make it impossible to find any videos of it. I really don’t understand why they try so hard to hide the shit
Don’t want to offend anybody but posting anything on social media nowadays is lame Inb4 Reddit is social media
Well that just seems like talking politics with extra steps
You’re gettin a Dell, dude
This is the crux of everything that girls post to social media. Sure it’s physically attractive but it makes me very curious as to the state of their brain and mental health. So many of these people are going to have breakdowns when they hit 30 and the next wave of hot girls take their place
Some of you guys never browsed /b/ back in the day and it really shows
They have a point. There’s a reason there are hardly any black people in the NFL
Me: Mom I want Paige Spirinac Mom: we have Paige Spirinac at home Paige Spirinac at home: *Kayce* Little meme I’ve been working on for a while
Imagine not doubling and splitting every chance you get. Couldn’t be me
Sometimes I wonder if my gf has any control at all over any of her extremities. I’m constantly catching elbows and knees when she starts moving around
I’ll look into it and get back to you
I bet they sold a million alone off of idiots just trying to meme. I’m sure they’re not too upset
Chinese people love dying
Filming a man in a strip club is such a snitch move
Chantel from 90 Day Fiancé has some great cans. Big fan of hers
Oh yeah guy is definitely fired. Owners gotta be pissed, has an NBA superstar coming to his place and gets his spot blown up by an employee
PT Cruiser Pinch
People who get upset about the wrong usage of fiancé should move to France where they belong
Just realized it’s been years since I’ve seen one. Those things all disappeared at once
Bro move by the boyfriend
I wonder how much Wayne Gretzky gets paid to be in mobile game ads. Have to imagine he doesn’t get out of bed for less than a a couple hundred g’s
Stephen A should get a job where he gets paid to say controversial things
Damn that is accurate
Has anybody made a joke about cracking a Corona in honor of Kobe yet
I never knew how common it was for parents to freak out about the dome lights being on in the car while driving back in the day. Was there some PSA in the 90s about the lights or something or why did every parent react the same way when the lights got turned on
Lol yep mine said it was both illegal and made it hard for them to see. And now I know neither of those are true so I don’t understand the fuss. Like don’t get me wrong I wouldn’t choose to just have the dome light on all the time while I’m driving because it is annoying after a while but it did not warrant the freak out that they gave every time it got turned on
Yeah it is harder to see overall but they definitely overreacted about how hard it makes it to see
I would like to know what their target audience thinks when they see this. Are they impressed by it? What type of reaction does this get out of somebody who enjoys this shit? I just don’t understand who this is for
Non American redditors love to shit on Americans and say we don’t know anything about what’s going on in other countries, and yet all they talk about is America. Even if we wanted to learn about European issues, most of them would rather just act like it’s perfect there and focus on America instead of talking about their country’s issues
150,000 people die every day. Can’t expect people to mourn every single one. Of course they’re more upset about a person they knew and liked dying
That is nice but I’m pretty sure that happens 100% of the time and they literally never call a lane violation. I have never seen an nba player actually wait to enter the lane until they’re supposed to be allowed to
Oh yeah I know it was a nice gesture but makes me wonder if the refs even would have caught on and realized what he was doing and called it if he had missed
Oh yeah I know what he was doing and it was a nice gesture, I was just saying that nobody follows that rule in the NBA. I would conservatively say the rule is broken 80% of the time and it never gets called. Like if he had missed I wonder if they even would’ve called it without Hayward making it clear by staring at them while he did it
I will never understand what Kobe did to make people underrate him so much. I remember a while back here I said Kobe was top 5, top 10 minimum and I got downvoted and everybody said he’s barely top 15. It any other player had his stats they would be up there with Jordan and Lebron no issue
China has billions of people and the death toll is still below 3 digits so idk why anybody would be worried unless you’re in direct contact with somebody who has the virus
I mean even if they’re lying about their own numbers, if it makes it into other countries, those countries aren’t going to lie. And if it was really terrible I would’ve expected it to spread over North America at least a little by now
Yeah I’m sitting at about a 0 right now. The flu kills like 50,000 people every year, and I’m at about a 1 at my worry level towards the flu. I think about 25,000 people would have to die in the US from corona for me to actually take it seriously
I was under the impression that was Kobe’s personal helicopter considering it had his logo on it? Or is it more of a rental deal
I’m not sure but I’m pretty sure half the people in my city bought a car in the last month or 2 so maybe there is something to it
Oh god what did they do now
I just spent 5 minutes fantasizing about murdering the guy in front of me who paid for his Mountain Dew and cigarettes with a check at the gas station
Marlboro Light 100s of course
That one works too but I worked at a gas station for a year and Marlboro golds were the most common choice among idiots paying with checks and other dumb payment forms. People so irresponsible with money that they won’t even buy the cheapest cigarettes despite having $0 to pay for them. People who bought Paul Malls were usually so poor they didn’t even have a checking account to write checks from. Usually paid in coins
Lady working at the gas station counter was talking and looking me in the eyes so naturally I responded to her. She then pointed to her ear to show me was talking to somebody hands free and seemed annoyed that I was talking to her during her call
The flu kills 90,000 per year in China too. The media needs to stop trying to make coronavirus happen. They just want Ebola 2.0 so they can fill their quota for a few weeks
Doesn’t seem that high compared to all the other big diseases from the last few decades. Ebola was like 30%. 95% survival rate and still less than triple digit fatalities worldwide a week later doesn’t seem like anything I need to worry about
Can’t even imagine the smell. Feel bad for whoever had to bring him home from that
Yeah I’m sure all diseases are a mess over there with how crammed in they are. I just think the media is fanning the flames so hard trying to freak people out about it. It’s definitely something we should all be aware of but you’d think it was a worldwide epidemic with how it’s being reported on
This comment says the same thing as the top comment..
It’s the third top comment according to my app
Is he not at barstool anymore? People were creaming about how great he was here like a month ago
Dumb girl on my feed posted 4 times today about her new CBD oil, and a little bit ago she posted a video of her in the bath putting 2 tiny little droplets of the stuff in the bath water as if that is going to accomplish anything. Can’t wait to hear all about her amazing results
In her 30s she would’ve had a chance. In her 40s now though things are much tougher
I doubt any handheld torch gets hot enough to melt glass it’ll probably be fine
That’s true but if the trailer was confusing and didn’t interest him, it’s not surprising that he didn’t seek out more details about the movie.
Yeah I understood the trailer I was just trying to give that guy the benefit of the doubt lol. Every trailer I saw made it pretty clear what was gonna happen, I figured that guy might’ve just seen some different trailers that I didn’t see
https://reddit.com/r/gifs/comments/evk35v/realizing_shes_cosplaying_as_stay_puft/ Idk why this annoyed me so much. Supposedly she’s dressed as some random Japanese character and she just happened to look identical to the Marshmallow guy from ghostbusters which she happened to be watching. And that led to her little reaction which totally wasn’t planned or anything. And of course loser redditors eat it up. Smdh
That’s definitely important info. Read through half the comments there and didn’t see that. Thought she was just watching ghostbusters on stream. Carry on then
I love how mad Reddit gets about AirPods. Every time you bring them up you get 900 comments of people showing $20 alternatives that supposedly sound and look better than AirPods. Spoiler: they never look or sound better
And all these people would be buying this shit immediately if they weren’t so poor and bitter. They’re unable to just admit that they bought a cheaper alternative because it’s cheaper, so they have to shit on Apple and act like it’s the worst company on earth. Meanwhile they’re buying $20 earbuds from China and supporting the country they all seem to hate so much
My dumbass cousin makes a status anytime she buys anything asking for advice just so people will know she’s buying something. Her status today was asking where she can find tote bins. Does she expect any answer other than Target or Walmart? Like somebody knows about some secret tote bin store
What’s his name
https://i.imgur.com/KsJmDMe.jpg Thought this was a joke at first but I’m pretty sure this guy is a recent retiree from the Phoenix office
All the well paid and more qualified teachers work at private schools
As somebody who doesn’t body shame or vagina shame, can you comment and tell her to frick off for me
I envy the way Russians deal with road rage. Just get out and fight every time. We need to do something like that in America. It would humble a lot of wannabe tough guys and also make people drive better
I can’t even get hard unless it’s froggy style
Awkward moment when he finds out he’s not part of the super secret club :/
Would’ve been shocked if that was the straw that broke the camelbak. Have to imagine the racism is what will finally bring it to and end, and that will be a very sad day when it comes
Ah true. Wish we could lock this place down. At least the FT. Get rid of all the nerds
I got a horrific haircut in 8th grade that looked just like that guy, the commercial came out like a week later and it was a tough couple weeks until my hair grew out normally
Tricking advertisers is one of my favorite pastimes. Love clicking gay dating ads as a prank. Got their asses
Well I am a gentleman of course
Water always finds its level though
I’m about to give my toilet the best 10 minutes of its life
Spotify apparently now has playlists for people and their pets to listen to together? Gonna be a no from me dog
If👏🏼this👏🏼upsets👏🏼you👏🏼you’re👏🏼part👏🏼of👏🏼the👏🏼problem👏🏼
Lol I’m agreeing with you. Idk who started the hand clap emoji thing but it’s one of the worst things twitter does regularly
Would love a Band of Brothers type series focused on each of the major powers of WW2. Germany specifically but I’m sure we are quite a ways away from being able to portray them in any positive light. I’d be happy with any of the allies in the meantime though
I’m not a history buff by any means but I like to think I know a decent amount about WW2 and I didn’t know about that. Definitely gonna be going down a wiki hole now
Yeah I didn’t even realize but now that I think about, on the band of brothers episode before they drop in Normandy, Garnier finds out his brother died in Italy the day before the drop so I suppose I should’ve realized that. Definitely gonna be looking more into it, all the high altitude mountain warfare in the alps is pretty wild stuff that never really gets a lot of attention
Is it available on audiobook? I’ll have to look into it. I’ve been craving some new history podcasts to listen to considering I’ve listened to all the hardcore history episodes multiple times at this point
Appreciate it! Will definitely be downloading that
I know very little about Brexit and I don’t want to know anything about it but I hope it works out in Britain’s favor because of this video: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LIgmfpHBiDw All the Reddit comments are calling it cringey and embarrassing but I thought it was hilarious. Them all pulling out British flags and waving them at everybody basically saying fuck you was great. This Nigel guy seems like a cool guy and European politics seem like a wild time.
Wow he does look like him
Lol I’m not surprised he looks like he’s drunk in the video too. What an animal
You seem to have upset a few blind and deaf people here
cdkeys has decent deals on some stuff. r/GreatXboxDeals has good deals if you’re on Xbox. Not sure if other consoles have an equivalent sub but I would imagine they do
Ah true yeah not sure about switch. There is r/Switch_deals but doesn’t seem very active
Jokes aside, I have to imagine at some point during negotiations, the barstool Reddit’s interaction numbers were possibly discussed, and considering FT is about 96% of all activity that goes on here every day I like to think we deserve at least a few bucks each
My gf: “is something wrong?” Me: “No, everything is good.” [my gf trying to figure out what is wrong](https://i.imgur.com/3dbmQsS.jpg)
Gonna watch the game film and come back even stronger
Been planning on getting a truck for a while but have been putting it off because I know the second I do, my gf is going to start volunteering me to help everybody move anything and everything
The current season is the first bachelor I’ve watched, are they all this bad? I was a big fan of Bachelor in Paradise and Love Island but god damn the bachelor is way too corny and dramatic. Not that they all aren’t to an extent but this is just tough to watch
Rip to your future children’s height potential
If I ran a fast food restaurant I would fire any employees if they ever forgot to give customers their dipping sauce. Unforgivable. Unfortunately I’m stuck working the register and don’t have those powers right now
Told my gf I didn’t have the day off today, but I do have the day off today Please clap
Doesn’t fit this sub
Considering how trash the barstool app is on phones, I am not surprised
Lee Iacocca, inventor of the Delorean
[a little cynicism never killed anybody](https://i.imgur.com/qIKRgvM.jpg)
MoH Frontline and MoH Rising Sun are 1a and 1b
More like .1% of the country. And even that is probably a stretch. Half the people in the Midwest are still a few years away from learning about Trans people
I only eat roast beef sammies in the locker room. As to avoid the gay
I use a case with a built in card holder. Can fit 4 cards (as long as they don’t have raised lettering), and if I need to carry cash I can ditch a card and fit at least a few bills in there. I still carry my wallet in my coat pocket if I’m gonna need more than my regular cards but I could never go back to carrying a wallet everywhere now
Does anybody know where a fella could find the gif of Faryn nude
Found it. Nice
Why not just let the trans person get the job? Does she not trust trans people? Smdh
I agree but does anybody else think the NBA could’ve done better than $500k donated to charity from the ASG? Half the players are probably getting paid more than that for just showing up
Very bad look and yet she still probably has a better ass than 99.9% of the commenters
It’s B Dubs policy to overcook their wings to 190 degrees before serving. Not that I’m above eating disgusting overcooked chicken, but something to think about
Wax is my all time favorite artist and Idk anybody else who listens to him. Also his twin brother Herbal T
No idea, a while back I was eating there with my family and my uncle was so grossed out by his wings that he asked to see the manager. Manager came over and said the wings were chewy because it’s policy to cook them to 190 degrees. That was a few years ago so it’s possible they dialed back but I doubt it. I’m guessing it’s just to avoid any chance of undercooking them and somebody getting sick
My gfs Canadian grandparents think Trump is the reason that the Canadian dollar has been at 75-80 cents to the American dollar for 25 years
Really?. Did it drop like 25 cents in 2014 because I’ve been listening to my gfs family complain about the dollar for as long as I remember. In fact the last time I was there her grandpa was talking about how it recently went up a tiny amount and he said something about how it hasn’t been close since like the 90s when it was worth more. Again I’m sure I’m remembering wrong and he’s also 89 years old so his timeline could be off.
My cousin is one week into nursing school and is averaging about 15 statuses per day complaining or asking people to help her with homework. I’m sure this experiment will last long
My dentist has like 4 or 5 super hot young hygienists and then one middle aged hygienist and he is noticeably less patient with her. It seems kind of mean but I sort of respect him for it
As a Vikings fan I almost wish the Minneapolis Miracle had never happened so Sean Payton could’ve killed the Skol clap forever. Instead it was immortalized because of that
Gotta dust off the ol resume for an upcoming interview, I’ve been at my job for 6 years and before that I didn’t really have any serious jobs, worked a few months here and there random places and all those places probably have completely different staff now, should I even include them? I doubt any of them would even remember me but I also am not sure if it’s weird to only have 1 job on my resume. I’ve held a few different positions so I could stretch it a bit but what’s FTs take on this?
So do you think I should include the gas station job I worked at 7 years ago for 6 months before my current job? I know for a fact that it’s a completely different staff including managers and I feel like it would be weird to put them down and have my interviewer call them and them have no idea who I am because it’s been so long. Is that more of a red flag than just having a single job on my resume. I also interned at the company I’m interviewing with and it went well so I like to think the interview is more of a formality and I’ll probably get the job no matter what as long as I don’t fuck it up completely
It’s nice to know I have over 100k references to use. I know you guys will put in a good word for me
Yeah I went back to school last year so I’m going to be starting basically the day I graduate (assuming I get the job) so that’s not a huge issue I don’t think. I’m just not sure if I should even bother including the places I worked at for a few months 8 years ago when I was in my senior year/ fresh out of high school. None of them were serious jobs by any means
No not really. Bus boy, gas station employee, truck detailer, stuff like that. All low level jobs that I worked in high school and the year after my senior year that I didn’t stay at long. And half those jobs are completely different staff now, or the company’s have shut down
Well my interview is for a job in the trades. So I imagine they are a little less strenuous than a job in a business setting would be. And I mentioned in another comment that I interned at this company for school so the interview is more of a formality than anything I just don’t want to fuck it up
Yeah I’ve held multiple positions here so I’ll be listing all them. Could definitely fill some space doing that
Auto mod left us because we weren’t paying our dues. It had to be done
I realize there are some formatting errors and I’ll fix those before I send it out. I already have an interview set up with the company I interned with through school and that went well so I’m somewhat confident going in. Anything I could add/remove to make it look better? I took a little here and there from other people’s resumes posted here and from what I could find on google. Haven’t had to send a resume out in 7 years or so so I am a bit rusty
So something like “Knowledge of cooling and heating systems”? I haven’t worked in the field so all my experience is stuff I’ve seen in my labs. Which if I’m being honest, isn’t a whole lot but I know the basics
Also should I include my brazing and soldering ability and what not? Wasn’t sure if that was a given in the trade or if I should include it
Got it. So would something like “Able to correctly size and install duct and piping” fit?
Got it. Should I put my skills above my education stuff or is that order not really important
Did he manage to get some free ones like he said on the pod or did they make him pay
Lol yeah I figured just wasn’t sure because Biz and Whit made fun of him when he was hinting that Nardini should buy him skates and gear. But yeah I’m sure if he paid himself there’s no way he would’ve went all out like that
I’ll take things that didn’t happen for $69
Thanks a lot for the feedback. I sent it out to my interviewer a little while ago so hopefully I got it cleaned up nice and good. I rearranged it all putting my skills and education on top. Also fixed most of the weird little grammatical issues I had (I hope). Some of it is still quite generic I’ll admit but I added in some more extravagant words here and there. Didn’t wanna go too overboard cuz I felt like it looked like I was trying too hard pulling everything out of the thesaurus. I’m hoping they don’t nitpick too much since I’ve already worked with them and know them and they know me. It definitely looks a lot better now than when I started, I got a lot of good tips here. Was gonna post my finished version but I figured I already sent it so I don’t wanna stress myself out more by finding out I fucked some part of it up now. Fingers crossed!
Kinda is an understatement. She completely fucked her face up
He’s a weenie but anybody upset about him “stealing” that generic picture is a bigger weenie. Does nobody have anything better to do
Are cheerleaders actually the cool chicks anywhere in America? In my area the cool girls were never cheerleaders, it was always the weird ones. Wasn’t sure if that was some Hollywood lie or just the way it is in my area
Thanks for the tip. One of the things I added to the resume was that I’m able to troubleshoot and diagnose issues using order of operations. Hoping my mind doesn’t go blank if they ask me about it
Exactly how it was for me. Cool girls would rather be in the stands at the games and stuff
Not sure if my gf has ever used her rear view mirror. Her rear window is always filthy to the point that you can’t see out of it despite the fact that she has a working wiper and fluid dispenser
100%
Isaiah Thomas played like 12 hours after his sister died in a car crash. Granted it was the playoffs. Also Marquise Goodwin played right after his kid died too iirc
Yeah my instructors actually said grades don’t matter a whole lot to my employers, I basically just added that because it recommended it on the template I used. Just wanted to add some sort of info about my schooling. Already sent it out though so hopefully that isn’t the dealbreaker lol
Appreciate the advice. I’ll probably take it off in the future if and when I send it out again
Gotta keep everybody on their heels
Yeah I’ll be getting all my certifications through school this semester. As far as I know the EPA is included in that. Thanks for the advice on the app though I’ll look into that
Champion brand shirts from Target are very comfy and come in basically all colors. Also Goodfellow shirts from Target arent bad. Pretty cheap too, can get them free at certain locations
What if we’re living in the parallel universe NASA found in Antarctica a while back? Something to consider
Supernova in the East. It’s the current one that isn’t finished yet but it might be his best since Blueprint for Armageddon
If we all just hugged one black person today, I think they would end the protest. We can do it guys
Congrats on the circumcision
1998 NFC championship would probably give the Vikes their best shot at a super bowl win, but I think i would have to go with the 2017 NFC championship game. Seeing the Vikings play in the super bowl in Minnesota would’ve been unreal
10% of your net worth. Any less and you might as well buy a KKK uniform with your money
Statistics are racist
US president probably has more power in most countries than their own leader does
Sorry my little brother posted that from my account
Video is set up for sure. Very bad attempt at a realistic fall
Why didn’t anybody tell me the new Hardcore History dropped yesterday
If you have to axe, you’re part of the problem
Gf hasn’t been able to pop her ears in months and is going to her second appt for it soon, anybody have secret techniques to fix it?
If somebody came into my group chat saying that type of stuff they would never recover from it. Would be shit on relentlessly for years
They would probably accept the blame for the holocaust if it meant the spotlight would be on them for 5 minutes
Locals only beje
Never done it but a real man would just struggle to do it himself and possibly break it and injure themself. Just my opinion
Gonna be honest I just ignore people that mistakenly text me now ever since I had an incident where some guy got very mad at me for telling him he had the wrong number. I’ve had my phone number for 15 years and before that it was my moms number so if anybody thinks I’m somebody else that is on them
I love titties and I love milk but this does not do it for me
Is the Chiclets episode about all the black lives matter stuff worth listening to? Don’t get me wrong I love black power I just doubt they have anything new to add to the convo and I listen for the funny not for the serious
Damn my guy is getting head and possibly having 3somes. That’s pretty cool
So everybody here is defending these people because in their culture, blackface isn’t considered racist. What is the timetable on when we are allowed to cancel them and ruin their lives? Seems we have no problem destroying Americans’ reputations for doing things that were much more acceptable at one point in their life and are now deemed evil and racist.
Lol I’m just giving you shit man. I too have been known to have sex on occasion so I can relate
Just ask for a coffee dressed like a Big Mac
I have that set too and none of my games ever update automatically. Grinds my gears
I haven’t had to use my computer to back up my phone in years it usually does all that shit automatically for me
I’m about 2 months late but Run The Jewels 4 is incredible
That’s basically 3 years in internet time
Is there some German word to describe a shitty coworker that never wants to do their own projects and instead always wants to ‘help’ somebody else and just tack their name on so they don’t have to hold any responsibility? The Germans always seem to have random words for things and stuff
The amount of things in my home that have disappeared into Bolivian over the years because my gf insists on putting things away in completely random spots and then forgetting where she put them is too damn high. I buy a new fly swatter every year because god forbid we just leave it somewhere accessible and easy to find. Nah better put it in the bottom of a tote in the garage and then put 4 more totes on top of that tote
I hate her and all her stupid poses
eBay is very pro buyer so you’ll have no issue getting your money back if it makes you feel better
Recently learned about [Simon Bolivar Buckner Jr](https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Simon_Bolivar_Buckner_Jr.), a Lieutenant General who was killed in action in the closing days of The Battle of Okinawa. He was the highest ranking member of the military to be KIA (along with 5 other Lt. Generals who died during WW2 before him), until Lt. General Timothy Maude was killed during the 9/11 attacks when the plane that hit the Pentagon killed him in his office that he had moved into only days before. https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Timothy_Maude Reddit formatting wouldn’t let me hyperlink to his page without fucking up my whole comment
LPT: if your house is messy, just clean it!
Just let them have this one, it helps their ego to tell themselves their water is superior to le dumb America water
I enjoyed the week or so on Reddit when everybody began to turn on Ruth Bader Ginsburg because they thought she was gonna die and that she should’ve just retired while Obama was in office so he could’ve appointed her replacement instead of Trump. And then she got healthy again and people acted like she was Luke Skywalker coming back to save the galaxy
Anybody else try drinking water while they were peeing as a kid to see if it was possible to just have an unlimited flow of pee? Me neither
I keep seeing ads for this thing called Fixd that you can supposedly plug into your car and it runs diagnostics and tells you what’s wrong with your car and such. I assume it’s something similar to what mechanics use, has anybody used this thing and can confirm it works? Only $20 seems like a steal
Yeah the ads are on Instagram and every Instagram product seems like a scam. I’d pay $50 for a legit version of that product though if it actually works
Hulu is trying very hard to get me to watch some movie about a black girl from the south who got gang raped by 7 people in the 1940s. Called ‘The Rape of Recy Taylor’, what type of person sees that title and description and decides to sit down and watch it? I understand people being into crime shows but that just seems like a bit much
Seriously was that really the best example he could think of? Makes good points saying it’s the non-stars who get impacted most, then uses a star as his only example
I’m pretty sure both those movies were on Netflix for quite a while
Why does the guy on the right have an M16? You’d think that would be the last weapon a commie would have
Are you saying it’s supposed to be even lower than $1?
Jesus Christ I could probably buy a whole tuna for that much
It’s also on EA access which is like $25 a year and includes a million other games
What more context do you need? Did you not watch the video
How long until people find out the America’s are named after an explorer who definitely had some beliefs that wouldn’t be cool nowadays and try to change the name? Surprised we haven’t gotten to that point yet
Should’ve waited to buy new golf shit until the day I had a round planned. Just wanna get out there and break my stuff in
I feel bad for all the delusional people who think Reddit is real life
Regarding Daryl interviewing for manager, it always annoyed me that he goes and asks Jim afterwards about the interview and Jim basically tells him they’re not taking his interview as serious because they have other good candidates. Why would Jim just say that to his face after making him do the work to get the interview
What comes around is all around
Used it for the the first time the other day when there was a mile long drive thru line and my food was out in 5 minutes. Also ordering on the app allowed me to get like 9 sauces so that was cool
Just guys bein dudes
[bonus panorama while I kill time](https://i.imgur.com/zcq5mKv.jpg) Edit: well at least I tried
They can just say it was a ‘monument to pedophilia’ the same way they do with statues dedicated to people of the past and then it makes it perfectly legal to destroy
Was about a day away from putting my 2 weeks in at my old job when corona started and I got put on furlough. Started my new job about a week after that and found out last night that my old job officially terminated me and I will be receiving a severance package. Love to see it
Yeah. Please don’t tell me that’ll fuck with my severance
Not sure. My old boss knows that I got a new job. It was the corporate office that told me about my severance so I’m assuming they either don’t care or don’t know. Either way I’m gonna take it and just keep my mouth shut
Monthly PSA that public whistlers are the scum of the earth. I know you think everybody around you is enjoying your little tune but we all hate you
The little cheeriness is 100% the worst part. It’s like they think they’re making everybody’s day better by doing it. If they could somehow whistle without any cheer it would be more tolerable
Keep thinking
Grinelli posting pics of him and his girl where she is wearing a bikini and he’s in a long sleeve is a tough look every time. No matter how tiny his arms are it’ll still look better than that
I almost wish they would’ve banned this sub so I could finally leave this awful site
When they came for the fat hate subs, I said nothing for it did not concern me When they came for the commie subs, I said nothing for it did not concern me When they came for my sub, there was nobody left to stand with me
Do what you’re told, try to stay busy or at least look busy. Might spend a lot of time standing around watching your JM work but be ready to hand him tools/parts as he needs. Knowing what he needs when he needs it will save a lot of time and he’ll appreciate that you’re paying attention and trying to help. Ask plenty of questions when the time is right. If you’re asked to get a tool or part out of the truck and you have no idea what it is, just google it on the way out there.
&gt;My mouth felt dry, so I decided to head to the kitchen to get a glass of water. Completely unnecessary details like this trigger me
Does that mean there are journeyman green keepers?
We can always go back to the SupDawgie safe haven if things get out of hand
https://i.imgur.com/AQ5vIa3.jpg
My employer cancelled raises and reviews due to corona and then lost about half of their top guys. Reviews are now happening over the next few weeks. Not sure what they expected to happen
Saw Max Keeble’s Big Move in theaters, one of the best experiences of my life
I’m also wondering this. Would the redskins be one? Idk if Washington D.C. is considered a city. No idea what the other would be
Imagine the smell inside that thing
Love the post from the guy in there who has been unemployed for a year now and supposedly goes out and applies for jobs every single day and goes to job agencies but still hasn’t gotten a job. I refuse to believe somebody applying for bottom of the barrel jobs that often would have no luck after a year. Also love his comment at the end about waking up “early as fuck” at 8 am
