Not your phone. Twitter limits the amount of people that can view a tweet from a third party app. Their way of getting the most amount of people to use their site earning them more money from ad revenue. What app are you using?
He needs to put those skills to use, straight to the NHL
Jalen Ramsey on the other hand, fuck that guy.
C
What did the original sign say, do you know?
Jesus lads, it'll be such a shame if this team doesn't win the league.
I work for a retailer who uses An Post as our main carrier in Ireland and they are at least 8 days behind on collections from our fulfillment centre. We're not sure if, at this stage, they can deliver on the promises we've given our customers that they'll have their purchases before Christmas. They really need to step the fuck up.
Great question. I feel tremendously blessed to have had a great family. My most cherished memory is what my Dad did when I was a kid. We had a small room in our attic that I used to go into as a kid to chill out and read or used to just think. One Christmas, my Dad decided it would be a good place to hide "Santa" presents and used it as a place to store our gifts. His excuse to me for locking the room (I questioned it because I had used it as my personal space) was that the big man Santa Claus had fallen on hard times and needed a place to stay. My inquisitive mind got the best of me and I'd still go up there and try to gain access or at least listen to what was going on inside the room. One night, I heard some noises coming from the room and I decided to investigate, I stayed quiet and tried to listen to what was going on in the room, I heard someone hammering and what sounded to my young brain like toys being created. This scared the crap out of me and fully made me believe that Santa was real and that he was using my house as his workshop. Telling my old man about it made him smile and tell me to stop snooping and leave the big man to do his work. That Christmas morning, my Dad got a Santa key from a gift shop and left it stuck in my bedroom door for me to find when I woke up. Further advancing my belief that the man himself was here in my house. Fast forward about 5 years, I'm about 14 at this stage, knowing Santa is made up, I asked my Dad about the whole episode with Santa in our attic when I was a kid. At the dinner table, not even around Christmas, I believe, the middle of summer, I ask him to explain the situation. He laughs his ass off and explained that his brother, my uncle and himself decided to play the trick on me and create the noises and leave the key in the door just to get enjoyment out of scaring the living daylights out of me because I believed that Santa was in my house. He said it worked though, that, that particular year I was probably the best behaved that I had ever been. It was a great time and to this day I still can understand and appreciate the motive. Things like that made me appreciate the family I have, maybe not in the moment but certainly in my older years. You need to cherish the ones around you. Especially if you believe you have good ones!
I'm sick of hearing you all complain about Fouts &amp; Eagle. Mute the TV broadcast and listen to Socci &amp; Zolak
Gotta get this run game going, will help Tom down the stretch especially with play action to Gronkowski
41 years old with the throwing strength of a 25 year old
Could be in for a shootout here
Brady has been fucking incredible on third down
Brady fucked up there, need to get rid of that
Looks like we're gonna need another Brady 4th quarter comeback
Baltimore are up on KC, this is a must win game for us
Brady has been so fucking clutch on third down
"We're seeing what champions are made of" You're God damn right about that
Amazing that Gordon nearly caught that ball
Not over yet, folks. Sit tight!
Time to avoid this place for a while. Gonna be cancerous!
He most certainly does, you can't be the way he is without keeping on top of it year round.
The ending was fantastic
I know Anfield is nervous but the team needs them to get fucking loud
ALISSON FUCKING BECKER
Taxi for Mane
ALISSON FUCKING BECKER
This is the biggest thing I hope Klopp will take from today. We're through, which is great but fuck me it should have been over a long time ago. A world class stop was the difference between celebrations and commiserations.
So is NYC's, DC's, Boston's &amp; Philly's
Fuck that, I'm in Europe too but I hate when the team has to travel over for a game and potentially lose a home game. We played in Mexico City once and London twice. Let the other teams endure the traveling.
No excuses, gotta win out. Solidify that 2 seed and if KC drop to 2, well and good.
That teacher looks like the Vine teacher "whoever threw that paper, your mom's a hoe"
What up, I'm Jared, I'm 19 and I never fucking learned how to read
Bill Belichick to the vendors: nobody died FTFY
Revolut have a metal card too
The names on the teams are awfully cringeworthy
Bill Burr: "Why would you send your saliva into the internet?" https://youtu.be/pC9m45AIsGY
Mike Tirico is wasted at NBC, really should be in the booth every week
Rest assured they'll have their best performance of the year against us in 3 weeks
You're right, my bad
State of that like, imagine what Fergie and all of his previous teammates think of him after that
Carra wearing a puffer jacket inside his suit jacket?
Such a wild start. Thankfully I don't have a heart condition, I'd be in the back of an ambulance lol
Sometimes when Salah gets into a really good position I feel like he's really indecisive
Keep the fucking pressure on, the first goal is crucial
The vision and the weight and the timing of that pass. Tremendous! Outstanding!
Need to grab hold of the game again. We've let them into this
Atkinson has let one or two questionable tackles go
I thought Clyne had gotten in the way for a second there lol
The stadium needs to do its bit also now, drag us across the line
Lovren gives me palpitations diving in like that
Fucking scenes with Shaqiri burying United hahaha
19 points. Mind. The. Gap.
Stop giving him so much credit, after all, it was United we played
Yeah, we'd be in with a legitimate chance of the 1 seed
Fair play but also fuck the clubs that are robbing their fans with the cost of tops, 20 quid to put a number and name on it too? Joke.
Look, we're gonna have to overcome bad calls if we're gonna win, especially on the road
Way to fucking go Burkhead
Special Teams matters people
I honestly thought we needed a turnover to stop them from going down and scoring again
Of course that's on Ben but he has a history of chewing out teammates for his errors
Surprised they didn't get a flag to bail them out there too
Put the offense out there if it comes back, see what they give us on defense and see if we can get them to jump
Chris Long is such a stand up guy
Of course that's grounding, the ball landed in the endzone
We've gotten away with a lot so far, they should be ahead by more. Let's fucking score now and get back in this game. Stop fucking around.
They're gassed, keep pounding the ball
Running the ball was working very well and we abandoned it. If field goal is what we were gonna do anyway why not keep running it?
All I want for Christmas is to be able to get Pitt off the field in 3 plays lol
Trent Brown has been poor today
"season over" Jesus Christ, some of y'all are insufferable
I'll take Brady over any QB ever to pull us back late in the 4th
All English sides will lose on penalties
That's because he'd rather throw it away than risk a pick to complete the pass
One extra play going our way in both those games and we're 11-3
Such a shame. What a outstandingly talented player. Hope he gets the help he needs.
I keep thinking before games, is this the one where we slip up and start to fall back? And the team keeps winning. Long may this fucking last
Without question, easily the best team we've had in a very long time.
Once Paddy's day hits now lads, then we'll see it
https://imgur.com/AzbLhhV.jpg
Get Houllier back into the Premier League for good measure
Really positive 3 and out to start the game
That's how you fucking do it boys
That piecing Foxborough winter sunshine
Thank God for RKK. May that man live forever!
Need to take advantage of them not being able to do anything on offense, get a nice lead going
My fucking heart stopped with Brady going down there
You win games when you get James White involved
That's a college throw 😂😂😂
We can end the game with a touchdown here
Meh, all good. They'll probably go 3AO anyway lol
Uhh these commentators are clueless. Gronk is known as a pretty fucking stud blocker
Defense has been doing a great job so far
People crying about us not putting up 40 need to get a grip. Buffalo only have 6 points.
Trust the process people. We can win this year.
The Browns could have been in the playoffs this year if they had sacked that clown last year
Plenty'a hot whiskey's into ya. Doubt it'll actually do anything for the flu but it'll get you drunk and you'll forget about the flu.
Lovely. Leave it, cracking a new bottle will be nice tomorrow. Have a lovely Christmas!
Disgraceful that the NFL are allowing the Raiders play on that God awful field
I'm pretty sure my ex had that...
Ah thanks. Woke up this morning with a unmerciful hangover, my own fault. Went pinting big time with my old man yesterday. I just hope I'll be able to eat some dinner, I'd hate to disappoint Mam. Have a lovely day, fellas!
What do you do? If you don't mind me asking
I have no idea now but bus drivers don't make *that* much money, do they?
Merry Christmas from Ireland, fellas. Thread is a bit early though, don't you think? Usually Christmas for Patriots fans falls on the first Sunday in February...
NBC do a great job covering the Premier League
Yeah, it's pretty bad. That's American sports coverage in general though. Ads = $.
Newcastle have set up well initially. This won't be easy.
If Leicester can do a job and we get the win we'll be in a really great position going into the next two games.
Lovely slide off the couch, FOR GERRARD OHHHHH YA BEAUTY, WHAT A HIT, SON. WHAT A HIT!
Klopp fucking knows how to find them, doesn't he? Shaqiri is incredible
The ball boy getting back up to hand the ball to Robbo was pretty cool
Leicester fucking city boys. In more ways than one.
@MIA is marked as an L every year regardless
Is pish a Scottish thing? Always found that word hilarious
Only developed country in the world with a lot of things, multiple mass shootings yearly and a healthcare system that doesn't reach everyone. Shame, really.
No idea what that was but that was fucking brilliant
Is it the Reebok or the Nike?
Ciaran is an Irish name so probably why.
Sokratis is mad as fuck. We know now that we're in their heads.
With the way some of you are talking to swear we were top of the league and 9 points clear.......
Pity people have to go saying things like VVD is better than Puyol, maybe in a few years but not right now.
If you're into feet you won't date a ballerina
tOxIc MaScUlInItY
Fun sponge lol. I love English insults
Then they'd be blamed for the inspiration behind a massive terrorist attack in the UK on the 24th of July
"Mout and I'll sort ya" - I burst out laughing when he said that
Your local authority - your city or county council
Puss
Need a second. Not to win the game, just to settle my nerves
Do you know what? I'm so delighted for Klopp!
Alisson man of the match
Unreal
Do you know what? I've been such a hater of Hendo in the past few years, didn't think he was good enough, didn't think he had the leadership qualities, didn't think he deserves to be Liverpool captain. But I'll tell you what, he's fucking bossed it tonight and he's bossed it all year. Delighted for the boys, they're the ones who have put in the work.
Catholic priests have been behind it for years
Ah the old Gregg Popovich
Curious how this is relevant to the sub?
I'd confidently say these two haven't a clue about Irish history
Adidas was our kit maker in 2010 when NESV (FSG) took us over
[The drone footage for anyone who wants to see it](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WHSVkSBFDxA)
A great team needs many leaders. Look at Ferguson's United teams, multiple players on those teams in their own right could have been captain. I think we have something similar now with the likes of Henderson, Virgil and people like Milner and Alisson.
Yeah, definitely. Stephon is a top corner so if he can learn against him he should have no problem during games against lesser corners come September and beyond.
Mucus plug hahahahaha
You look like an older Jurgen Klopp
Ah yes, the party fighting claim culture
This guy cokes
Oh he's some man for one man is Jimmy
The fella with the blue Nikes has perfect form. He'll be recruited by Millwall.
Even the young lad on the left is facepalming
Our Defence Forces did the sweeps throughout the resort and at Shannon airport so we are picking up the bill
Fucking clowns, the lot of them
I don't believe you require a genuine answer for this. You came here for people to stroke your ego.
The title of the article implies it was the pharmacy's fault that this woman died
I never understood this argument, the percentage that he's giving is still 500 million at the end of the day. That money can make a difference. A hell of a lot more than what the ordinary person can donate
You'll find the reworded version on /r/unitedkingdom in the coming days
Bar Connemara, Galway isn't flat enough
He's crucial to us and does so much GM-type work for Bill. He's also sure-fire for our GM spot when Bill retires.
Whether they like it or not any event or gathering of a large amount of people has to be policed
That makes more sense, cheers
The Poles, a great bunch of lads
Brilliant news, positive endings to both recent missing person appeals!
I'd happily accept all the shite weather we get year-round every year if we could have 2 months of decent weather in the summer.
He's been transferred to Mass. Gen so he's in the best hands possible.
Dublin hasn't a patch on Galway when it comes to traffic
Can you tell us what state you're in? So we can alert the authorities about an imminent school shooting threat...
Grooming 7-year-olds online doesn't count as being married
The same kid that was drinking a pint of Guinness in a previous video
Giving them special treatment by declaring them an ethnic group was a mistake by our Government, it essentially made it harder for us to punish them for being cunts
I thought Pepe Reina was good at distribution but holy fuck
Marketing ploy - to get you to share it online. Easy peasy. Same with Starbucks spelling everyone's name wrong
You're the real-life version of Wayne D from South Park
I'm not sure Reddit can roast her harder than the spit roast she receives on a daily basis
Good. We have to fight to keep Caserio, he's crucial to us.
My personal thoughts on this are that if someone is gonna get offended and snarky over something so trivial they aren't worth the time.
The last time I was here... What? Did he ever appear on the show again?
I think that was what the dude in the video was trying to say lol
The Indian fellas on Twitter do lol
Good. Nick would've been a huge loss. This is a huge win. Now give him the damn GM title.
I used to follow this guy's YouTube, he died a few years ago. He was hilarious. He had lost a substantial amount of weight in the year or two before he died. I can't seem to find his official channel which is a shame. Anyways, think about it!
Boston kids are doing alright, unless they're 4 months or under, they've seen their teams win
Some idiots on Twitter saying he didn't know that was in his contact, like, yeah, right dude, he didn't at all have his lawyer look at the contract before he signed it.
Nick is the GM, for sure, just doesn't have the title. I still think Bill makes the final call on players, though
200 shares of BRK.A is rich as fuck
Simpler times
You have got a target on your back when you drive a car like that so much easier to get caught when you break the law
That's who I thought it was from the thumbnail
Awful is being nice. 2 points in a half is shockingly poor. And to think they scored 10 in the first half in horrible conditions as well
Facebook or cross this post to /r/ireland
Nah, he has crips
A big pint belly on him
Terribly sad. Those fuckers are getting off easy.
The anonymity should be waived now but it won't, her family was exposed to the media while they got to remain anonymous. I understand why but with the guilty verdict they should be named and shamed
I got an ad for 4Ocean before the video https://imgur.com/oEP3G8N.jpg
I'd be looking at the parent, that kid didn't pick up that language from thin air
Old takes exposed
We're talking a few minutes here to get to the next exit. Fucking moron!
It's as if new train cars are clean
Question; does anyone live in any of these buildings? or are they just offices? The light pollution would drive you crazy
Punching so he is
Pls no, I'm still tired of those memes from last year
Her heart and lungs would be giving her a standing ovation
And we don't know what her spending is like. The banks are cunts but they're not idiots, for all we know she could be a gambler
I love the ears and head movement when he's being talked to. Also, the hair stylist's nails are beautiful.
Should see the comments on his FB. Things like "Iran is gonna be pulverized into fine dust."
'Tis lashing down in Galway, sure what's new? Still gutted we're out of the hurling championship. Other than that I'm grand, the breakfast is within, boring porridge with fruit, I would have loved a fry but too lazy to do it. I'll be chilling out today so things aren't too bad. Morning folks!
Unfortunately, it used to only happen in America. Packages being stolen from doorsteps is quite common in Ireland nowadays.
There's a Corofin in Galway and Clare
I hope he sees this and comes back for you, he needs to take one for the team
I know you're genuine but I had to laugh, you'll be grand. Just don't mention to Homeland Security/TSA and you'll fly through. If you didn't say anything on your ESTA, don't say anything to the agents. And anyway, how the fuck would they know an ambulance was called for you years ago? And for what reason? Enjoy your summer!
You were raised in a liberal family and now you hate the gays?
Anyone know if you can do the same with FromMe2You?
Yeah, fuck this guy for following rules 1 &amp; 2
Problem is the perception of safety isn't there
Amplified in cities because the tall structures give the waves something to slap off
Not moral high ground though
I don't understand the hate Ryanair receive, all you'd ever be using them if for short hops around Europe, probably never more than 4 hours. Fly with a different airline if you want better service, you'll pay for it though.
I had a huge smile watching this, dude loves life, it is fantastic to see
This photo shows clearly why we have a housing crisis
Even the ugly girls get thousands of upvotes on this sub, you got 70...
OOTL - Someone fill me in?
I was out in the bog yesterday, scalded - me own fault sure
Was he convicted here in Ireland? Why wasn't he jailed?
He's probably identifiable if he answers that so it's completely understandable why he hasn't
That's a serious issue with prison (moreso in the states but definitely creeping in here too,) people can't handle being out when they are released so they commit crimes so they can get back in, they become institutionalised.
I used the CD to practice tests, install it on your PC and keep doing practice tests. Eventually, you'll know the vast majority of answers
Fair play to ye
Basil loves the person behind the camera, not the camera
That's because the embarrassing behavior would be far more difficult to stamp out because they are all at it
Land of the free...
Wasn't there a report a few weeks ago that the league was frustrated they couldn't find any link between the two? Could've sworn I saw something like that. They really tried their best to find something and they couldn't and you'll still have idiots who think the NFL covers for the Patriots.
Coates bicycle kick against QPR exempts him from our worst team
Agreed. Getting fucking loud when the defense is on the field and help them out, make it tough for Tennessee to communicate. On the other hand, when our offense is out there, shut the hell up. The Brady chants are cool but not when it's a crucial drive and they're in the huddle calling the play.
I think at this stage it's not if Brady would leave it's if Bill would sign him again. It's a no brainer for most of us but you just never know with Bill.
And Jim Irsay is a nut job...
We're really like ants
Klopp just soaking that YNWA in
Wijnaldum is quality personified
What a save from Henderson
They're singing fuck VAR when it was the linesman who flagged lol
The switch from Robbo, wow
Wij was aiming for the female Bobby in the stands 😂
Sheffield are a credit to themselves, incredible what they've done since coming up from the championship
Gomez doing very well
Jim Beglin on about the game being passive, it's great to see it
Tremendous interception from Gomez
The calmness we play with is crazy
Nasty to get a ball to the head like that, if you've experienced it, you'll know
Our lads always seem to know what to do in situations
Firmino nearly took Mane's head off there
Milner has done fantastic tonight, what a machine
Anfield is rocking, it's gonna be a special year boys
It's funny, a few years back I used to look forward to transfer windows when we weren't that good, now I look forward to games, really couldn't give a toss if we don't sign anyone else
That Sheffield striker reminds me of a young Crouch
Commentator is right, Robbo is milking that one, too right as well, he's been immense
Sheffield fans were class tonight, really added to the atmosphere
The time it took suggests they thought it out rather than making a quick decision, fueled by emotion. NFL firing is ruthless so good to see organisations thinking about it and making sure they're making the right decision and not just a rash one.
You're right, and yet I still feel guilty shopping there because if the price is that low for me, what is the farmer getting?
Wait, so the US are spinning this as "we killed a terrorist"?
I don't know why but "you walnut" is a very British insult to me
Andrew Grove - High Output Management, for anyone interested in managing businesses and people. It's like a manual for that, really great read.
Housing in Galway sucks in general, it's tough for professional people too. [This](https://www.mezzino.co.uk/locations/galway/the-westwood/) is the new place that's going up at the westwood. Cheapest room is 157 pppw, ridiculous for students. But I guess it's aimed at D4 students.
We'll have to, I'd imagine. Josh will open up the playbook. Catching them off guard and scoring from a trick play early could set the tone for the game and get the crowd into it from the get-go.
Everyone is freaking out about the rain but we played in 2 rainstorms during the year, against Cleveland and Dallas and Elliot and Chubb didn't play that well.
Some places trading without the required licences after hours with sometimes hundreds of people in the establishment
The problem is, it's the 'beat Garda' so to say that are largely fine and want to serve and do their job well. It's the sergeants, inspectors and further up the management line that are rotten to the core. That's what ends up poisoning the Garda on the street, he might want to do the right thing but it's easier to do what your Superintendent wants you to do if he'll make your life hell or in some cases not worth living if you don't.
I'm of the opinion that if I own a property I should be allowed to do with it what I like. It's the conglomerates they should be going after. Legislation for gov failings to provide housing. E: I should add, I feel if a person has done well for themselves and owns two properties, one that they live in and one that they have available for rent in the short term market. Regulations shouldn't punish them for their success. On the other hand, a company (especially the companies who are talking their profits out of Ireland) who has 10 properties all used for short term renting, that's a different story. We should be looking at ways to control that, of course.
Computer Science or a related course is extremely difficult when you *want* to do it. If the interest is not there, forget about it.
I for one am glad to be back. The break is nice but fuck me it throws you well off, I haven't a clue what day or year it is half the time. Grand to have the routine back.
You raise some very good points. I understand it's more attractive and lucrative to operate in the short term market and they're trying to make it tougher so owners look to the long term market but I think our government have done a poor job of making the long term market more attractive to property owners and as I mentioned before, they haven't done enough to adequately increase supply. I do take your points though, well done on those.
I know you're joking but I think it's not uncommon when you're younger. It's when you get older your friends get more refined
Right with ya, just the way it is. Enjoy the game today!
Buffalo came to play today
Josh Allen is on it
I love the playoffs but the thought of the season nearly being over already sucks
Yeah, it's really tough being a Patriots fan lol
Houston are shook
Should have 'alternates' during the regular season too
*Wild* card playoffs
JJ forgot where he was walking to coming off the field lol
Booger on 3rd and 10 said Buffalo should run a draw to get some yards and then spike it. Dude is paid handsomely by ESPN to commentate
I love Gillette under the lights. Looks eerie.
What a fucking catch Benny boy
Scoring early was important, doesn't matter if it was just a FG. Those 3 points could decide the game at the end
This place is very loud. Baltimore 2014 loud
Gotta hope for a Tennessee mistake
Stiff arm was devastating
Did the Titans do their huddle on the flying Elvis at midfield?
Gillette is loud, crowd is fired up
Do you know what? Fuck Vrabel
Don't know if you've heard but this could be Brady's last game at Gillette...
If we keep this up we will win, that's my John Madden input for the day
What a hit from Jonathan Jones
Patriots fined for the field tripping Henry
Need a defensive turnover
Stadium needs to get loud, give the team the help
I didn't have great expectations, I'm not shocked or even that disappointed. No point in looking at what ifs, can't change it now. If Brady comes back, we need to stack the offense with serious weapons and protection for next year.
Tommy can still play very well and we've seen he can shoot it when he needs to. If he does come back he needs to have weapons and protection. Had neither this year.
He'd probably get open... and drop it lol
Savage hit from Rhodes
Cousins voice cracks every time he's at the line
I don't think Harry did a bad job getting separation, it's just the drops
It's a pity because the offense looked so promising earlier in the year with Gordon and Brown.
Bring back Tommy and let everyone underestimate us again next year
I'm proud of the way the sub has dealt with all of this, usually, after a loss (especially playoff loss) this place can be pretty toxic but we've dealt with it quite well considering our QB *might* be done. Maybe the possibility of Brady leaving has humbled us and made us appreciate what we've seen.
Express it at the ballot box
People are forgetting this, plus, the receiver issues were more personnel issues rather than coaching. Joe was a tremendous coach for us, our special teams units were the best in the league.
Dude threw for over 500 yards and still lost
Doesn't matter what the NFL do, ever since Sunday Night Football took over from Monday Night Football as the main primetime game, MNF has fallen further and further back as a less valuable product. ABC used to put out a good product but pretty much since Al Michael's went to NBC, that hasn't been the case. ESPN even had a great commentary team in Mike Tirico and Jon Gruden but they didn't back them up with a great broadcast, NBC are doing that for Al and Cris, SNF on NBC have the best broadcast quality of all the networks that broadcast the NFL. Romo is good but adding him to MNF won't do anything in my opinion, ESPN have to raise their game when it comes to the broadcast first.
It needs to be corrected and it should be in the offseason. But Bill has absolutely no right to be mad about it, he used it against the Jets, if he really wanted to be smart about it, you could argue that he should have saved it for the playoffs and used it there. Using it in a game that was over against the Jets brought attention to it and came back to bite him.
Cancelled or deferred? I'm seeing both reported
Nah, if FF can survive the recession, FG can survive this. We have goldfish memories.
I have it since it launched, it's grand at best. You couldn't possibly use up the texts or minutes but be careful with the data, 50gb is a lot but it's not a lot if you stream a lot like myself. Beware though, GoMo's speeds are shockingly poor, sometimes I barely get 1 Mbps down but it is only a tenner so I guess it's a case of you get what you pay for.
We're the ones that should be thanking Tom. Now let's get Kraft, Bill and Tom together and get one more ring!
Well, then that makes this whole thing worse because if that was his way of highlighting an issue with the rules it really bit him in the ass. Why didn't he just communicate it to the league office in the off-season?
That's it? 4 games? Quite poor from RTE if I'm honest.
He watches the U.S. Farm Report in a few episodes
Can you blame them?
You'll get insured again but it'll be expensive when you declare what happened. Never go with a tracker again, it's a scam.
You look like an Arbiter from Halo
Hi Karin
2 moments going against the Patriots and none for the Patriots. It was a fan vote though so no point in putting any stock into it, fans can't leave their emotions at the door.
The Bish have reportedly been moving to Dangan for the past 20 years, apparently, residence objection has been the stumbling block
Isn't Varadkar himself of Indian descent? Makes the whole loving the Brits lark even stranger
I always feel so bad for these fellas. I used to work nights and you'd see them on your break rummaging through the business park at 4 am searching for food. Serious question, what food can we give them?
Imagine having the name Hailo as your taxi app name and changing it twice, both times making it worse
&gt;I don’t see a way to translate either On Chrome; right-click &gt; translate to English
Browns look to be looking at all avenues before finalizing a decision. Probably the smart thing to do with all other head coaching jobs filled.
Taking too much credit away from how well New England played in those games. Funnily, when the supposedly purposefully deflated footballs were taken out of the game, we outscored the Colts 28-0 and Brady and the offense played really well in the last quarter comeback against Jacksonville.
Random ass question but does anyone have a list of the injuries Jules played with this year?
Political commercials should be banned from sports
Coveney is far more competent than Varadkar, he should be Taoiseach.
Do people turn their wheels in case their parking break fails?
I knew something awful had happened from reading your comment and it being in the past tense. I'm sorry for your loss.
Is this accepting liability? Wasn't his story from the start that his home was broken into and someone planted the drugs
Woah, east and west still clearly defined
I think FG's mistake was picking Varadkar over Coveney
I'll never tell someone who to vote for but please, do your research and vote for whoever you feel is the best candidate or the person who will address the issues that concern you the most.
I'd imagine it's my comment you're referring to, here's my comment word for word, instead of cherry picking one part and taking it out of context; &gt;I'll never tell someone who to vote for but please, do your research and vote for whoever you feel is the best candidate or the person who will address the issues that concern you the most. Advising people to research who they vote for can not be seen as a bad thing, doing so will eliminate candidates like the Healy-Rae's because people will see their Dàil record. I'm talking about the bigger picture here, the issues that concern most people in the country are the national issues such as healthcare, housing, climate etc.
And Henry's Globe are already trying to make this more about the Patriots
Disliking your home country is SOOOOO Irish
https://espnpressroom.com/us/bios/mike-reiss/
Honestly like something you'd hear the Mexican cartels doing
Hmm according to this Queens and the Bronx are a similar size which is just not true.
Did Poland suffer during the recession? Seems like they built most of their network between 08 &amp; 13 while the rest of Europe was recovering.
Shaqiri party against United at Anfield again? Yes, please!
I mean, so is Brady but when he's consistently beating your team it's hard to see past that lol
I'm not buying it, but plenty are. She and her mates have provided zero evidence to support her claim, simply referring to each others tweets as their evidence.
Kept his composure too, didn't laugh, not even a smirk, just pointed.
A Cavan man and his wife win €10M in the lotto. They're both sitting at the kitchen table discussing what they'll do after hitting the jackpot and becoming rich. "What will we do with all the begging letters?" says the wife. "I suppose, we'll keep sending them" replies the husband.
Maybe, I think the friends part is bullshit though. I get a 'I'll fuck you if you're hot but I put I have a boyfriend in my bio to cover myself in case he sees this in Spain' vibe from this.
Everyone in my group chat is back to loving McGregor now, a few weeks ago he was only a bollix
That's what I gathered from it as well, was chatting to the lads and they were saying they reckon I feel that way because it doesn't get coverage over here unless he's in it, all we see is the Premier League or rugby/GAA but I'm not convinced the UFC has a chance when it's up against the NFL, NBA, MLB &amp; NHL.
Pathetic from United, happy to sit in and hope for the best. And they think they're the biggest club in England? Goal was huge for us, if they want to get anything from this game they'll have to attack which will create space for us in the final third.
Foul or no foul the crowding and abusing the ref is not acceptable, embarrassing really. We should follow rugby's approach with respect for referees.
Never been so nervous 1-0 up haha
I've never been so comfortable with teams talking long range shots, having Allison relaxes me so much, class having a world class keeper
I just hope we don't rue these chances
Salah and Allison is the new Reina and Ngog fellas
Vrabel is a beast
I was going to say that this was foolish to tweet with an election coming up but NYC will go blue regardless so probably doesn't even matter
High heels man, pretty much any woman who wears them often will have great calves
I'm a Patriots fan but delighted for Jimmy G and SF. Now, please beat Kansas City.
They used something like [this](https://i.ytimg.com/vi/7_kR0Vm1kDg/maxresdefault.jpg). They have been doing cleanups along the grand canal for a while and didn't bother checking if someone was inside. The latest news is that the man has 'life-changing' injuries, what I gather from that is he's probably paralysed.
What breed is this does anyone know?
I knew it was going to be disallowed just because the referees always side with the goalkeeper in those situations. Foul or no foul the crowding and abuse the referee got from the Manc players was embarrassing. No respect whatsoever, football needs to start respecting officials like they do in rugby.
Red sky at night, Kopites delight.
I dunno, I'm of the opinion that if Bill thought he was so great he wouldn't have let him go, especially to Miami. Not bringing him back cements my thoughts on that
Hahahaha the Jets making a SB. You should do standup, man
They literally melt in your mouth
It's so fucked up that none of these stories bother me anymore, I've become numb to it. With all the recent gang shooting and murders, then poor Ana Kriegel, the lad murdered and dismembered in Louth, the student stabbed in Cork. It's stuff I always associated with other countries, it's happening here now and at an alarming rate.
https://www.irishtimes.com/news/crime-and-law/murder-inquiry-after-cork-student-stabbed-in-neck-at-house-party-1.4142349
Yeah, they shipped him out of there pretty quickly also
Is there any data on countries who have introduced this and the results good or bad?
Looks like the House of Representatives in the US
The speed they were doing also and the half-assed attempt at slowing down
Legend has it that this frisbee is still skating
They really don't want to win this election, do they?
\\ you dropped this, I got you
How long is a line of coke?
The Red Sox technically didn't cheat though, their former coach did when he was with Houston, do I have that right?
More $
I messaged him months ago wishing him all the best for the upcoming season and I didn't even get a 'seen' 😔
I don't need any scientist to be able to tell me this, just look at Obama in his first term and Obama in his second term
Looks like the set of a movie from the industrial revolution
Does a falling tree in the forest make a sound
Did you speak to them in Irish when they were babies?
Wait, am I missing something? Didn't he say he didn't want the job very recently? I know it's the interim CEO but seems odd that he would take that if he doesn't want the permanent position
Trent switching it to the other wing is porn
Need to grab this game by the scruff of the neck. I think the quicker we shut this crowd up the better
No way in hell that's a free kick, caved to crowd pressure and gave it
Commentator just said we're much better at Anfield than away lol. Our record is pretty much the same, except for 1 draw which was months ago
Baffling how quickly this place can turn on the players, relax guys, even if we lose this we're good
Mentality giants
Kill the game now, suck the life out of Wolves
Always wondered about people's thought process when they do things like this, oftentimes they end up looking worse off than the person they were trying to make look bad. The only thing that makes Leo look bad here is Rockshore...
Great opening game so far, this is the level every team in the country aspires to be
I'd say r Ireland are mostly fiscally conservative
It's only a matter of time for Minamino, you can see he'll score goals
I was there last spring, some of the most beautiful architecture I've ever seen, spectacular!
Give him a full offseason to play with hopefully Brady and learn our offense. People are forgetting how tough our offense is to learn.
For a sub that hates the National Party, you love giving them free publicity
What I take from this is the Social Democrats are struggling big time, they should be way higher among young voters.
You should absolutely not do this. It's a scam. Insurers want you to believe they're doing you a favour with these boxes but in reality, it's their way of controlling you to decrease your risk to them, some of them have a curfew or if you go over a certain amount of km they are within their rights to cancel your policy. New drivers don't need every second of their driving under the microscope by insurers. It gives them the right to up your premium or even cancel it if they see any of this behaviour and let's face it, anyone who says they've never gone over the limit or had to apply their brakes harshly at some point (regardless if it was their fault or not) is lying. OP is better off biting the bullet and paying the extra few hundred to avoid having one of these machines installed, and if they are a year on the road with no claims their premium will come down drastically.
They'd be great to be used as mats under your festival tent
The audience claps and cheers and they'll still go out and vote FFG 😂
I agree with Martin there, it would have been irresponsible to pull the plug on the government while there was a cloud over Brexit
The man asked about rural Garda stations and Mary Lou goes on about Garda stations in Dublin city 🤦‍♂️
The man that asked the question looks like Frank Kelly
Joker meme, we live in a society Mary Lou McDonald
Not one mention of health
Any mirror?
Negatively impacts Brady's possible return also
Gronk hung the org out to dry last year and then toyed with the fans all year about possibly coming back (I know the media ate it up but still.) Honestly, I feel if he keeps this up he's gonna start losing fans in NE.
This is one of the things I love about Boston, the historic buildings immersed in the modern city
Genuine question; Although it's a shitty thing to do, aren't companies allowed charge whatever they want?
Appreciate the answer
Or the drivers who are absolute cunts to you for no reason
That's how I see it. I think he had a pretty good idea that he was going to call it a day. He didn't let the organisation know until late March when there's little they can do to find any replacement, not that you can replace Gronk but TE wasn't high up on need list for the draft. Nobody can dispute he has given us tremendous joy, I didn't say he hadn't.
Fuck sake Salah, should have passed
Allison is such a beast
That's what Iran and North Korea call their leaders too...
&gt;axis of evil Haven't heard that term since probably 2002
How about we eat our own steak how we like it and who gives a fuck how others eat theirs?
All FG candidates are doing this. Cowards.
Both Healy-Rae's incredibly poor attendance. So has Micheál Martin and people think he's fit to be Taoiseach?
In the park
Ireland doesn't have any in the top 10 or bottom 10, so it's safe to assume all of us are in the middle of the pack?
More often than not when someone says Ireland, they're referring to the Republic.
They're taking girls now as well
Has he stopped taking the Jets being garbage out on the Patriots mascot?
This place and Twitter will have a conniption if they draft a defensive player before TE or OL
And his scummer son will take the seat after him, I'm sure
Pat's a feckin divil alright
They're fucked now that they appealed. I thought their original sentence was light. I mean, their excuse is laughable, drinking foreign bottled water? Then the fella getting naked when the Gardai were arresting him because he 'didn't want to get shot.' Throw the book at them!
The US politicians, law makers and people in power clearly don't give a toss about their citizens rights so why would a load of Irish protesting 3,000 miles away change any of that? Or am I just missing the point of it? Is it simply just a show of solidarity?
People are saying if they do it for Ulster, they should do it for Connacht but certainly, Connacht's team would be 15 Galway lads.
People don't know the player because they're leaving the good players on the bench so that they can be ready for next season, bam Bob's your uncle and Mary's your aunty.
The best teams in the world reinvest constantly, especially when times are good. Look at Fergie's United, continuously strengthened the squad. I completely understand the right player for the right amount talk but it's nonsense to suggest that there are no players that we can sign for a reasonable price that would improve the starting 11 or even the squad.
Nothing else to play for at this stage so go for the record I'd say but Klopp will probably use the less stressful games to see how some academy lads do
Deleted my earlier post because the photo wasn't from today. Apologies for that. [More photos here](https://galwaybayfm.ie/galway-bay-fm-news-desk/photos-black-lives-matter-protest-at-eyre-square/)
Buff Egan would be delighted
What a tremendous player and captain Jordan Henderson has become. I was one of his doubters for a very long time, thought he shouldn't have been made vice captain when he was (although, there were slim pickings of suitable candidates.) Was disappointed when he turned down the Fulham switch, I liked Dempsey as a player and our team at the time needed goals. What a great success story he is though, constant adversity and he put the head down and came through it all and has made a great player and captain. Arguably should be England's captain too. I was worried when Gerrard left that we were letting the standards slide too much but boy was I wrong, just took him a little longer to show it but delighted he did. He brought us to the Champions League promised land and now he's on the brink of bringing us to the Premier League promised land. Legend!
Werner wanted Liverpool, Klopp wanted Werner but Werner said no.
Old main stand was pathetic compared to the new one
An absolute banger of a free kick
Hand in under the bicep to push it out haha
It does. Tom Werner is the chairman of our football club...
I get up an hour before work during lockdown, can shower, get dressed and eat something and have time to spare. When I go back I'll be up at 5 and have to sit in traffic for nearly 2 hours to just make it to work on time. Not looking forward to it one bit.
I mean, that's kinda the point. I'd much rather get hit by a rubber bullet than a lead one. But then again, I'd much rather get hit by neither.
Impending lawsuit will be huge
That's in great nick for '97. Safe driving!
Would be very easy for him and I suppose acceptable given his age to sit on the sideline and trash the current administration but he doesn't. Gets on with his work helping the country at age 95. You don't have to like Carter the person or politician but I don't think anyone can dispute his love for the country and dedication to making it a better place.
Carter and Ginsburg, anytime I see their names mentioned my heart sinks.
Rich NYers live in Connecticut and commute daily. Especially places like Greenwich or anywhere along the Metro North lines.
Honestly hope West Ham go down, Karen Brady solely makes me detest the football club. She's the embodiment of Karen's everywhere.
Water breaks and 5 subs is a bit soft for me
Today is the day, boys. The day we go 1 game closer to our first title in 30 years!
Fucking hell I missed this
Which one of you mad bastards rented an airplane to fly over Goodison to watch the match?
The high press is working. Only a matter of time before we force a mistake that leads to a goal.
I love the banter between Neville and Carra
Water breaks are pointless for this. Fair enough is the sweltering heat but only kills the game in this setting.
Carra under his breath about Lovren lol
How do babies know to smile at such a young age? Is that just instinctive?
So it was a publicity stunt?
Obviously hoping it's nothing serious but them not having Zaha is a huge plus
Hodgson with the sideline skills
The quality in that free kick was ludicrous
How come Atletico couldn't have missed like that in the CL?
Sakho still makes me nervous and he's playing for the other team lol
It's so weird hearing the fake crowd noise and then seeing the stadium empty
On current form the city game should be an absolute spectacle.
We've the best front 3 in the world
Cheeky Sky trying to catch the coaches notes
No look pass from Williams haha
Surely Naby wouldn't have gotten any game time if the club thought there was any truth in the sexual assault rumour. Hopefully it's just a rumour.
I wonder what would Klopp think of us if he saw these memes lol
Not his friend but Steve Buscemi was in the FDNY before becoming a famous actor and he helped search for survivors in the aftermath of the attack on the World Trade Center.
This is so gas
Roy Keane would have saved that 😂
Pulisic gets a statue at Anfield
Full time ref, blow it up
This is how I imagine city fans felt when Kompany scored that banger against Leicester last year
Surreal feeling
Go on Kenny you King
Kenny drinking champagne hahaha
I'm going to try to write something meaningful about how I feel right now but simply put, I love all of you
I wanted to try to write something that encapsulates the emotion and feeling I'm experiencing at the moment and this will probably get lost in the thousands of comments here tonight but who cares, I have it to read back on. If you do read my ramblings then hats off to you. This title win is so deeply special for us all as Liverpool supporters, even more special than any other cup you might have seen us win I feel. 25 years I've been a Liverpool fan and don't get me wrong here, we've been absolutely spoiled to witness some absolutely incredible football players wear the red shirt and we've seen some great times but this moment truly is the most special for me. My earliest memories of LFC were there late 90s probably around the 98/99 season because I can't say I remember Roy Evans but I definitely remember Houlier and I remember when Gerrard made his debut. Looked up to the spice boys, thought they were class in their white suits. Even though, they had kinda run their course by that stage. Early part of supporting the club was great, that fantastic season in 2000/01, and that famous night in Istanbul, FA Cup win in Cardiff. Life was good growing up as a Liverpool fan but that league title was always illusive, didn't help that we were up against great Arsenal and Man Utd teams but you can't blame the competition because at this level that's always going to be high. Agonisingly close in 2008/09, too many draws cost us that year, and each year we'd come close we seemed to fall off the next year, further away from reaching our goal again and again. Then the horrible period after Benitez left, I felt we were really slipping further and further into mediocrity with multiple mid table finished but to be fair to King Kenny, he steadied the ship with 2 deep cup runs and a trophy. Rodgers got us even closer than ever before, only for a leaky defence we would have done it that year but who cares now, I still enjoyed that year, some of the football we played was spectacular. I was actually kinda surprised when we sacked Rodgers, obviously the season wasn't going well but I never in a million years thought a manager the quality of Klopp would touch the job with the state we were in. That Europa League night at Anfield against Klopp's beloved Dortmund, what a night that was. Only to get turned over by Sevilla in the final. Everyone kept bringing up Klopp's final record. But I knew he'd get one eventually, especially with the team he was building. Then Karius having a nightmare against Madrid really made me feel bad for Klopp. People underestimate how difficult it is to reach a Champions League final, no mind reach multiple. But they finally did it last year, they couldn't have lost that game after coming back against Barca like that, just no chance. And a CL trophy was the least they deserved after the fight they had with City in the league only to come up short... again. That's what made me nervous about going into this year. There was so much expectation about going on to win the title but people underestimate how difficult it is to keep that level of play up for so long, especially when you come up so short and have to start all over again to achieve. That's what made those United teams so great, consistently year in year out performing against whoever the challenger was. They proved me wrong though, absolutely smashed it again this year, and close to a whole lot of records too, which you can't say is not deserved. I think as Liverpool fans we deserve this too. Not suggesting we've had it bad but we've been through a lot following this great football club and I also think we've all invested in the club greatly, not financially but emotionally and spiritually. Some of us have invested money through buying tickets or merchandise but we've all loved this team for our whole lives and lived and breathed LFC. I was fine today, didn't get emotional but when I saw Klopp break into tears on the telly I lost it. Because I simply thought it encapsulated all of our emotions, thoughts and feelings in one moment. The relief of it all. It's done. We've been lucky as fans because I think the time we've been through while good and successful, has also had many, many heartbreaking moments that make you appreciate the good times. I have friends who support Man Utd and they whinge about not being good anymore. So you have to appreciate it while it's here. But I digress, we're the Champions of England, the Champions of Europe and the Champions of the World and absolutely no one can take that off us. YNWA!
But the Saudi's buy billions worth of weapons from the US so we can't be going upsetting them
Taking after her Dad!
Parts of Spain and Portugal are blue but the west of Ireland where we get 230+ days rain a year is dark red? Or am I misunderstanding the graphic?
We can try to distance ourselves from these people as much as we like and say they're not fans but they are. They're idiots but every team has them. Unfortunate that some can't celebrate at home or even celebrate in the city without leaving it in a state.
He was so OP in FIFA 12. Playing as Bayern and crossing it in was almost guaranteed to get you a goal.
I think that comes from their supporters. They made a huge deal about Leo not getting in until the 5th count and constituencies like Cork South Central where their candidate was elected on the first count but Martin, Coveney, and McGrath weren't elected until the 6th and 8th counts respectively.
This encapsulates it. Plenty of dickhead drivers out there but at least they're identifiable and most of them pay tax/insurance. It's the cyclists who don't wear any protective gear or the ones who insist on commuting to work in the pitch black in the middle of winter on busy roads in dark clothes. The ones who have no regard for the rules of the road. The solution is better infrastructure for the cyclists and for Gardai to clamp down on poor behaviour.
Pair of lungs lol
Someone tried to tell me that the Patriots only signed Cam because they want to improve their image with POC because of what's going on with BLM lol
[Today's view!](https://www.google.ie/maps/@53.2665034,-9.070549,3a,75y,54.73h,91.51t/data=!3m6!1e1!3m4!1sKb8BMDmDGXCzvcMmrOa9YQ!2e0!7i16384!8i8192)
Galway still has a few thatched cottages dotted around the city that are kept in good nick.
Yup, and Ryanair's operations out of Cork and Shannon are tiny on a macro level so I don't think Ryanair are bluffing when they say they will shut them down.
Don't get me wrong, your pint looks lovely but there are almost 300,000 of us here and a lot of us will be returning to the pub at some stage, do we really all need to post our pints?
