Centaur not Minotaur
Are those types of rounds able to fit in a 10/22
Maybe there are downvotes because people are missing “here” in your comment. I missed it at first and thought you said “a lot of people can read basic Japanese” which seems pretentious.
Negging
Where the hell do you work?
Four Rules of Gun Safety: 1) All guns are always loaded. 2) Never let the muzzle cover anything you are not willing to destroy. 3) Keep your finger off the trigger until your sights are on the target. 4) Be sure of your target and what is beyond it.
I hope they get Peter Dinklage to give it little comments and jokes.
That’s pretty creative. I’m curious, how bad a slur is it?
You’ll find that sometimes a small man can cast a very large shadow.
Fucking hell. That’s where from.
Why didn’t you just pray privately? Like in Matthew 6:5-6 And when you pray, do not be like the hypocrites, for they love to pray standing in the synagogues and on the street corners to be seen by others. Truly I tell you, they have received their reward in full. 6 But when you pray, go into your room, close the door and pray to your Father, who is unseen. Then your Father, who sees what is done in secret, will reward you.
Noam Bramson, the guy who ran against the previous county exec, Rob Astorono, released this stupid ad. https://youtu.be/c3jAc5y4uhk George Latimer is the same type of moron. Also he cheated on his wife and lied to police to try covering it up. But he has a D next to his name so it doesn’t matter.
So with that thinking it’s pointless to work against laws calling for the removal of guns from lawful owners, because the government already has enough power to impose tyrant, so tools that can be of some help against fighting tyranny should be relinquished?
But I like to be outside plinking. I get more utility from guns than buying a switch
I already own guns and I can get way better resolution and no motion sickness if I just go outside. Plus outside has dynamic weather, lighting, gravitational effects, and just all around better physics. It’s hyper [realistic](https://youtu.be/MsGNpVlsmQU).
What did you expect from an intro to astronomy?
Intelligent *
I had an Arabic literature professor. He was native Chinese. (But fluent Arabic) With a thick Chinese accent, and a stutter. Imagine a really intense stereotypical Chinese accent saying “N-N-Nagib M-M-Mahfouz” But he was actually a really great professor. His classes were always interesting. And he helped me improve my Arabic a lot.
There is a value to “cold error correction”. Taking incorrect answers and presenting them to the class (while keeping the student anonymous) to have the class correct the errors as a group But just making fun of it is stupid and a waste of time.
So the prof wanted the ability to hack your game?
I can understand the sjw thing but why do you have a problem with age?
Could be an interesting segue into depictions if native Americans in media and the marginalization they experience. I wouldn’t be too put off immediately...I’d see where the prof was going with it.
Twist: it’s a film class
Are you retarded?
Ah ok. When it comes to coding, it’s all Greek to me.
No. “M” as in “Mancy”
16 handles?
TIFU: I listened to a LPT and pissed myself in front of my boss.
I saw you online last night in auridon. The name made me smile.
Kaj-vim is dirty?
I like your breakdown of the costs. But one also has to remember that other hidden cost where the people running the district are stealing and so on. My hometown’s district has been plagued by people stealing materials, faking overtime, being hired for do nothing/no show jobs.
People should always film those meetings. Having a record of what went on at previous meetings can be extremely helpful when trying to improve the community. If the board objects to having the meetings filmed that is, in my experience, a sure sign there is a problem.
Where the original no de wey thing from. It’s driving me crazy
Bites* You don’t need an apostrophe
Any blade play in that? And how’s the weight. I’d love to get a knife slim knife for my suit pocket
I own two guns. The bottom line is I chose to have them because I can. The fact that I’m able to choose to have them is one of the reasons why I love America. As for why I like shooting sports, it’s usually outdoors, it’s a challenge that I can improve myself on and it requires focus and discipline.
I was just reading an article about London where they were saying they would do stop and frisk policing because the knife crime and acid attacks are going up. Yeah the gun crime rate is down though. And you’ll hear about a “big bust” where they find some old farmer who has some antique WWII guns and they act like they busted up a gun trafficking cartel.
When you say you don’t take it out to go shooting, does that mean you don’t practice at a range?
When we’re automatic guns used to kill kids in the USA?
Probably the people who own guns illegally are engaging in other illegal activity which puts them in close proximity to others who engage in illegal activities. Which would cause friction
Adults know they can’t trust themselves? can you explain? (I don’t mind book length, I like reading responses and learning what others think. So go to town)
I help out my county as an election inspector and I help my dad with his news website that covers our hometown. I encourage people to attend local government meetings and to vote. It may sound silly to some people but I do sometimes pause and reflect on how lucky I am that I can call out elected officials, help expose corruption and bad behavior in my city and vote. Some people can’t do that legally or safely where they live but I can.
Just copy or did they pool explanations to give everyone one thing to learn at depth and explain to the others? That seems like good use of time.
I like being further away.
As someone who doesn’t have a handgun but would like to (I’m in New York. Near nyc so it’s a huge hassle to get one) I would relish the opportunity to practice. I’m sure you have the best sense of what works for you, but if I were you I would try to practice as regularly as is feasible for you, to keep basic skills sharp and maybe learn some more, useful skills and drills.
You’re city council people are just people, just send an email asking when the next council meeting is and where, ask the rep from your neighborhood/district to put in amp toon to install streetlights. Take pictures of your street in daytime and at night to show how dark it is (bonus points if you take pics in afternoon, twilight and evening) and just explain your concerns that it’s hard to see and safety is a concern. Mention that kids walking around the area in the evening are at risk of getting hit and you’ll have a good emotive argument. Have copies of the pictures to give to the council people. Talk to your neighbors too and see if they agree with you. Depending on where you would need to place the streetlight(s) the people who live near them may have input. If folks agree with you you can ask them to come to the meeting with you and speak during the public comment period. (Depending on where you live I would refrain from mentioning you own a firearm when talking about concerns with your area at night. I live in ny and the people here are not fond of guns. It would make them lose focus on fixing the lighting issue.) Good luck and if it works out let me know. Your community is *your* community. You have a right to vote and petition your government in order to improve your community. Go enjoy the first amendment!
New outfit system?
Cool thanks.
He went to Belize.
Tbh I have no idea who mike is in this context. I was just making a Breaking Nad reference.
(This is just a basic explanation so there may be some info gaps) Automatic means the gas produced by the fires bullet pushes the gun back and readies another round for firing. The hammer is also made ready when the gun is pushed back, allowing it to strike the following round. Holding down the trigger allows this to happen automatically hence “automatic”. So holding down the trigger means ratatatatatata Semi automatic means the gun fires once per trigger pull. The gas pushes the gun back and that energy also caused the next round to be pulled up and ready to fire, but the trigger has to be released and pulled again. So part of the process is completed automatically but the gun can’t fire again until there is another pull of the trigger. Hence **semi**automatic. Pull the trigger once = bang. Then release the trigger and pull again = bang. You are correct that semi automatic guns don’t need to be reloaded between shots (like a musket) but the process is generally inherently slower than machine guns. I hope I didn’t bore you with the details. I tried to make the explanation clear enough for someone unfamiliar with guns but let me know if I can explain anything else. Have a great weekend.
Hi everyone. I just bought a new leather jacket with a coffee color leather. After trying it on to adjust the sleeves I noticed some brown shadow on my white shirt. I’m just wondering if 1) the shadow will come off. 2) is there a way to clean the jacket itself to wash off any extra dye that may be bleeding onto other clothes, without damaging the jacket. I can post pictures if needed.
I’ve been living in Riyadh for a few months now and the guardianship thing seems far less obtrusive than I thought it would be. I see groups of women going shopping together with no men. They get dropped off by their driver, shop then call the driver for pickup. Another thing which is kind of sad is you’ll see women begging by the side of the road at intersections or walking along storefronts begging because with the niqab on no one can see their face. But their proceeds go to gang leaders who organize their begging activities. As for traveling, guardian stuff is required. My mom is going to visit me here and she needs a letter from my dad for her visit visa.
Or ask a librarian for assistance
Very similar. It was one of those websites that you scroll down and down then at the bottom there’s some book or dvd or class that you can buy. Another thing I remember is a testimonial where this dude was at an atm and his friend saw him from behind and clapped him on the shoulder. The dude at the atm turns and moves to kill his assailant but stops when he sees it’s his friend. The friend says something like “whoa your eyes were like dead eyes like a shark! You were ready to kill!”
&gt; He is immoral. He seems alright
It had more of a fake martial arts training program vibe. Where you pay a ton of money to get videos of untrained morons doing banana kicks.
Women will be able to drive after Ramadan.
Not having enough space on the table. I’m not talking about ordering tons of food. I’m talking about when the tables are so damn small you have to play Tetris if you put down your glass or fork.
What’s the best typical Indian dish I can order that’s consistently spicy? There was one place that had lamb vindaloo which was properly spicy and I figured “vindaloo” meant some extra spice but I hardly see it anywhere now. Any tips would be appreciated.
Next level is the chef baby-birds the food you order directly into your mouth.
The bench thing on the left actually looks kind of comfy. But I’d have to try it first.
Elsa gate?
The problem is people took the definition of institutional racism (prejudice + power) and divorced it from any institution. Racism is prejudice and discriminatory actions based on race. Anyone can be racist. Institutional racism is when racism happens as part of an institution or organization. For example, a fire department has some Arab or Chinese firefighters maybe a black captain. But the lieutenants and the chief are all white. And that situation is intentionally achieved because of discrimination against the minority officers. Instituational racism means that (if you are discriminated against) you can’t fight it within the system (in this case, internally in the fire department) because the whole institution is against you. (The people who have the power within the system are racist = institutional racism) It really grinds my gears when I see tumblrinas twisting a real definition and using it to suit their temporary arguments while simultaneously stripping any meaning from the original words. It undermines some real problems by making it seem trivial or overblown.
I like a lot of his ideas for sketches but then he’s in them and they can fall flat. But he is an amazing impressionist singer. He did an impression of Jim Morrison which was awesome.
I wonder if there could be a SAR video game where the first half of the game you spend time developing your character. Then you are conscripted and find out that you have one life and if you get killed the game is over. To see how players would enter into their first real battle
They weren’t really friends. He was treated pretty badly by the group. Not to say that he didn’t do any saving because they weren’t friends. But also saving him wouldn’t be easy for a guy who’s not even trained to fight.
IRON WILL PITIES THE FOOL WHO FORGETS IRON WILL’S NAME!
As far as I’ve seen, and I’ve been here for about 4 months, the religious police don’t have too much power. From what I heard from my friends here, they used to have much more authority. A few years ago they could arrest people but now they can’t. Of course I stay clear of them but for example during the National Day celebrations (their 4th of July basically) when the final call to prayer happened they had a loudspeaker reminding everyone to go to the mosque. But that’s all (that I saw).
Is that the reason they’ve been all over the place?
For a brick, he flew pretty good
If I ever get kidnapped and held for ransom or made to read some terrorism propaganda bullshit, I’m saying this and hocking a big loogie into the terrorist a-holes face.
And that Jordanian pilot that was fucked up to see.
In early drafts yes.
It was just “nice paneling”
I love hot sauce and want to know what you recommend. I’m working overseas and there’s no good hot sauce here. I can have my family bring me some soon but I want some suggestions.
I drink them up!
عراق
The hospitality is definitely something that surprised me. It’s a little embarrassing how much of a fuss people will make over you.
Sometimes. Or just Saudi.
You’ve never heard of Schindler-ella ?
Why not cash out for millions now then?
What’s in Huntsville al?
He didn’t say “I’ll be beck” ?
It was really dark during the blackout. Hence “black” neighborhoods. It’s a play on words.
Does your textbook have more gun control fear mongering bs?
It can 1 shot a hunter
I’ve been playing it a lot and it’s fun. I’ve tried the eso Plus subscription and it’s what I’ve switched to from destiny.
Or hit in the head by a big rock
Why would I want to drag my finger across his throat?
I remember I was at dinner with my aunt and uncle and their two kids. They are very indulging parents and my cousin wasn’t eating his green beans he wanted to eat the popcorn he had on the side. My uncle simply said eat the green beans and his son said no. I reached over and pulled the popcorn away and said he can have some popcorn for eat bite of green beans he had. He ate a single bean and reached for the popcorn. I said no it has to be a real bite. I speared a forkful of string beans onto his fork and said that was one bite. Then as a reward I gave him a small handful of popcorn. My uncle was impressed but I was confused. It seemed obvious to do that. My parents wouldn’t have tried asking me or reasoning with me. My uncle is cool but he’s kind of wimpy when it comes to his kids and wife.
Shit. I just got my first exotic engram and got a third Skyburners Oath. And I was awarded a third Sunshot from Cayde. Am I missing another way to get good exotics?
Yeah I’ve been out of the loop since I was focusing on eso But I also just found out about armor and weapon mods. Are there any that are highly recommended to get? I got interested in destiny 2 since the announcement by bungie the other day. I’ll finally try out the raid i guess
Say go fuck yourself mr Lopez in all the languages you know
Why can’t they give you enough time to do the work?
I really didn’t like one dawning mission where we had to give Zavala a stress toy. It struck me as really inappropriate. He obviously has very deep guilt over the Guardians and civilians lost during the attack. He is suffering from PTSD and despair. Oh lol let’s get him a little stress toy. The mission text at the end says something like “Zavala squeezes the stress toy...forcefully” Ho ho, he should feel all better now!
http://www.ishtar-collective.net/items/ghaul-stress-toy I hate the flavor text: Zavala will squeeze this and feel better about the events of the Red War. Deliver it to him in the Tower Courtyard.
http://www.ishtar-collective.net/items/ghaul-stress-toy I hate the flavor text: Zavala will squeeze this and feel better about the events of the Red War. Deliver it to him in the Tower Courtyard.
No it’s ok. Just “cleanse it under the light of a full moon. Or burn some sage”
My buddy’s at college has a seabees (IIRC Seabees are like search and rescue) onethat his mom took from her ex boyfriend. But it was always really badass looking so I was really happy when I bought my own jacket at a tag sale. The family selling it told me it was an original. I got it cleaned up and ended up buying the liner and the fur hood from eBay. It’s great in winter. I’m from New York and live near the water. It can get really damn cold but with the liner and hood, I feel like I’m takin a walk on a nice fall day. My next project is to figure out how to rip out the fake fur and line it with proper fur. And maybe reduce the size of the hood somehow. But anyway it’s a great jacket.
Check out eBay. Or buy a reproduction from alpha industries. You won’t get a ‘vintage’ one but the repro is new, clean and you can get any size and color.
Ah my mistake
Unfortunately I’m a few thousand miles away from it. But I’ll see if I can dig one up
Not sure. I have an original one.
I’m in KSA and I’ve studied Arabic but it was still scary. My Arabic is not that great. Plus I kept getting advice. “Only go to the Turkish barbers” don’t go to the Filipinos” “well don’t go to *that* Turkish barber” I ended up just showing a picture of what I wanted the first time.
I went to the market and bought milk for got chocolate. Except it wasn’t milk, it was [Laban](https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Leben_(milk_product)) I boiled it and it started separating and turning yellow. After freaking out my dumb, tired ass checks the english side of the container and sees that it’s the wrong thing.
Schools *hate* when people call them out on their bullshit. My hometown has been letting in bite them in the ass quite painfully the past few weeks. (Heads up:death/stabbing) http://www.newrochelletalk.com/content/new-rochelle-high-school-student-stabbed-death-fellow-student (High school student stabbed, killed) http://www.newrochelletalk.com/content/new-rochelle-high-schools-students-campus-melee-1-seriously-injured (One student slashed, same student who stabbed an elementary school student last year) http://www.newrochelletalk.com/content/new-rochelle-high-school-student-stabbed-today-student-assaulted-pizza-place-yesterday (Slashed student from above story stabbed one of his attacker in class next day) http://www.newrochelletalk.com/content/stab-city-usa-man-seriously-wounded-knife-attack-five-blocks-new-rochelle-high-school (Adult stabbed near high school) http://www.newrochelletalk.com/content/exclusive-final-moments-murdered-new-rochelle-high-school-student-captured-surveillance (Murdered student from top story is seen on video harassed by other students minutes before stabbing) These are just some of the problems that are being reported on.
In Ugandan
Someone choosing to do that for themselves isn’t inherently anti gun. Espousing that view for others, supporting the idea of the government taking away guns arbitrarily , or banning/limiting guns for others is anti gun.
Should could’ve at least had “Nissan” on the robe to aboikd such a crappy pun.
Flogger, you mean a cat o nine tails?
That whole sequence cracked me up
Most places in the Middle East are pretty good about food prep. I haven’t seen anything like in the gif.
Do furries have to wear hairnets to work in food?
Aang, what the fuck are you doing?!
I thought she recently had surgery, couldn’t she be recovering?
&gt; He’s the owner of Chuck’s, John Riggio, R-i-g-g-i-o. We’re going to find you and snuff you out. That’s a death threat.
I wonder if it’s advised by gun control groups. If they have a recent picture of him laughing it could be used against him/gun control. Like, oh look at this guy he’s laughing even though X happened.
Honestly the first song I thought of was Mr. Highway’s Thinking About the End. https://youtu.be/syuXEgyBYmE
What’s a goofy pop?
My brother watches Arrow and there was an episode where the city does a gun “buyback”. Then some African warlord type guy rolls up with technicals and assault rifles and shoots up the place. And no one can fight back.
I think those are anti aircraft balloons. To stop planes from strafing the soldiers.
I think the Bolivian government wouldn’t like combat flights in their territory to support soldiers who aren’t even supposed to be there. (Are aren’t officially there anyway)
I think that sort of stuff should be beneath gun owners who find themselves in the spotlight and representing the culture.
Better than an acid burn
This isn’t NSFW but... A priest and a rabbi are walking together through the small town of Trid. They pass by a park where the townspeople are enjoying a beautiful day out in the sunshine. Suddenly the priest sprints towards the nearest family and starts stomping on them. The husband, wife and two children scream as they are assaulted. The rabbi runs over and asks “Father, what are you doing!? Stop that!” The priest turns to the rabbi, smiles and says “Silly rabbi, kicks are for Trids”
This made me uncomfortable
How did that start? When he filmed himself jacking off in uniform, what was he jacking off to?
So instead of leaving to answer the text (if it was that important), turning the brightness down and shielding your phone screen from anyone behind you to block the light, you think it’s alright to light up everything around you while you ruin other people’s experience? Turn on do not disturb and go without your phone for two hours. If you have an important call, don’t go into a movie while waiting for it, schedule it for after the movie or leave and come back in.
What’s a toffee hammer?
The thing is, it doesn’t matter what size hole it makes. A gun can kill people. They don’t care what size it makes. But it’s lethal potential makes it an effective self defense weapon. And that’s a valid reason to own them.
It’s funny. I’m here in Saudi Arabia and almost everyone wears slippers/sandals. Even the guys who installed my fiber internet had them. And they had to run a cable outside to inside, climbing on the side of the building. I’ve even seen construction people with them.
I took the exams for the NYPD. One for integrity and one for aggressive tendencies. I got high itegrity and low aggression Guess who was told “you won’t be a good fit”
I need something with extensive lightsaber customization and character creation
Is this game based on these neuromancer books? I’ve never heard of either until just now but this game certainly looks appealing.
While hilariously dark and twisted, it’s bullshit how that stuff is a-ok but videos of responsible gun owners enjoying a hobby safely is not.
You might be able to contact whom ever you bought it from and see if they will help you out
Contact their customer support and be nice. Maybe they can refund it
Why did I click that?
It flies out like when you throw a pool noodle
I love that it’s absolutely silent. He had this great ability to talk to each and every person on an individual level. Even when addressing thousands
Well neighbor, tell me what’s going on. It’s ok to talk about your feelings. I’ll be here to listen.
I immediately bought of the Mr. Rodgers video and how everyone in that thread was tearing up. It’s much nicer than all the negative ways of making people cry in their his thread.
I went to a school psychologist weekly to talk about ways to socialize better. I wasn’t very popular and had trouble initially making friends since it was hard to connect with people. I met weekly and it was awesome. It really helps me to do a ‘download’ of information when I’m feeling overwhelmed. When schoolwork piled up I felt like I’d never get anything done. The download helped put all my worries on The table and go through them one by one. It really helped me and now I’m much better off for it. I learned strategies to cope with negative feelings and I was able to break through those feelings of inadequacy and ‘otherness’. You might be able to meet with student psychologists at a local college which would be cheaper and you can help others gain experience it’s a win win
Go at your own pace.
You’re crow is gonna munch your pineapple!
Does the scroll not reset?
It’s a community center not a museum. The piece should have had much better security. That looks like a stiff breeze could’ve knocked it over.
I’m getting the same issue.
And now it’s working. Weird
The permacloud
&gt; Why do you think all conservatives are homophonic? Because they sound the same?
It looks like two people hanged themselves. Their feet are dangling
&gt; he turned a knife on himself to demonstrate the “stab-proof” nature of the **abdominal protection** he had on. &gt;He suffered a **chest stab wound**, and was taken to the University Hospital of North Tees, in Stockton. *abdominal protection* *chest stab* I think I see the problem.
I’d you prepare food try to buy things you will make the same day. I’ve probably spent a significant amount of money on meat that I let sit in the fridge saying I’ll make it tomorrow. Then it goes bad.
I’m an expat teacher living alone. It’s waaay easier to just order food. I bought a slow cooker but I’ve even fucked that up.
They should think of examples like Cortana. She could sound serious, worried and deliver deadpan one liners that made her feel like an AI. Ghost in D2 sounds like he doesn’t take anything seriously and it retards any feelings of immersion. I had the same issue during the Dawning festival when one of the gifts for Zavala was a stress toy because ‘lol he has massive PTSD and depression since tons of citizens and guardians died under his watch and he feels totally responsible’. It just feels inappropriate
Why are we catering to four year olds?
I don’t understand that view. Oh this guy has a voice so it’s not letting the player feel connected to his character. You bet your ass I felt connected to my characters in D1. When I play destiny I don’t want to play as myself. If I did I would pick a game with deep character customization to look like myself. I want to play as a separate person who I can forge a connection with (I had to imagine a personality and name for my guardians but I did).
That’s a fucked up way to give the news. Sorry dude
How did you push them. Every time I try I get killed. Which button do you use?
I can’t hear anything. Just glitches and pops
It depends on the reason for filming. I know journalists who get shit on for documenting things like fires/police scenes and traffic collisions and someone died. But it is newsworthy. Some people wanted a story about a motorcycle crash taken down because it was their cousin or something. And one of the pictures was of the aftermath. The guy was in the street (helmet on and unidentifiable) dead. It’s upsetting but the story has news value and the pictures weren’t objectifying the guy or mocking his death. If it’s for Instagram likes or YouTube hits to show something shocking (not presented in a reporting-focused manner) I think that’s messed up
Oh I get it.
Is this the “do you want a Cheeto?” Fennec Fox?
Is it just me or jas there been a large influx of Lyra pictures recently?
I did it! I got the nice try achievement. Unfortunately I’m still playing in total silence because the sound is totally fucked. But hopefully the patch will come through soon and fix it.
How does a for profit prison work? I guess they get money the more inmates they have but I don’t understand how that comes about.
Or “super excited that 3/5 of the winners were black”
I’d kind of be interested in his reasoning being a little bit of the Force acting through him. And like freaking out that his actions were semi-caused by the Force. (Connecting things back to a new hope when Luke is asking about the force “you mean it controls my actions” and obi wan says “partially. But it also responds to your commands”
I’ve never been a comic book fan but when I saw doctor strange was coming out I was super excited because from what little I knew about the character at that time I really liked the fact that he used real magic to do stuff. Also I was watching venture brothers at the time and liked Dr. Orpheus
A WWI veteran would interesting to see
Yup. Drops em instantly
I’d love to go up to him on the street as if to praise him then asked if his guards are armed. If he says yes then just laugh
I have it on Xbox one X and on my 4K tv it looks fantastic. The textures sometimes are a little slow to load. Like if I run up to a character in a city really fast and look at their armor. But I’m very happy with it.
Shaking my head my head?
Yeah Xbox one. Is there anyone here on Xbox who isn’t facing an issue?
My original post is sarcastic. The people after gun control also think the government is becoming a tyrannical state. They are so incapable of nuanced thinking that they unironically say things like “only the government should have guns” while also saying “the government is a fascist dictatorship (under trump)”
I just meant people in this thread
It should be exetremely painful.
Bsod?
I said t because /u/TheHobbitPimp said he was a large guy. I was trying to make a Batman reference but the comment formatting got messed up
Damn. That’s good
The don’t wear burqas
Pretty spry for an 80 year old dude
Fucks sake. I’m soory. But really it’s IKEAs fault for having such goddamn shitty couches
The dog
They said I wouldn’t fit in with other officers. My aggression scores were low and my integrity scores were high. (NYPD)
Not much. But they can do a lot against a tank crew.
It’s just the quote though. I think you need to add commentary
This dude sounds like the announcer for the Taris dueling ring in KoToR
You mean a fart-induced heart attack?
Pilot episode of Ray Donovan. It’s like it’s own little action movie.
Damn I miss the ram helmet.
It’s like chalkzone.
But should they tell the couple “we will get your ring back once we’ve stopped all the crime in the city?”
Shouldn’t carry in a purse
How do you get on the terror watchlist? How do you get off? Is there due process? Or can the government simply designate a group of people or an individual as a terrorist and deprive them of their rights? Is that a good thing?
Is that the Mr. Bojangles guy from the green mile?
I hope you’re joking. Brandishing is illegal
Why can’t you hunt?
Maybe so he can have it for more than a year.
That’s one of my favorite little touches in the Dreaming City. It’s so cool to have my Awoken warlock acknowledged as a fellow Awoken. I love that they did that.
He’s in the Tower behind the Dead Orbit crew on the stairs.
I like 8 and 9. And 19 I was wondering why it said water closet and I thought it was a shower head or something.
Thank you for articulating that. I couldn’t figure out why I found this video so interesting. I love seeing stuff like this and how it’s like a time machine. That’s why I like watching Primitive Technology
And what if your dog made it out then Waited for his owner who now can’t come to get them?
Why both sides?
Lol. Meatcucks.
No gasoline?
Fucklight?
Although I thought the Speaker said there’s light in all things.
I’m an English teacher at an institute in Riyadh. The classes usually start at 2:00pm and end at 10pm. Students go to regular school or work then come to us after. I usually wake up at 12 to get ready for work. Get home and hang around then go to sleep maybe around 4am
Well the students in the school have zero defensive weapons so they are helpless against a shooter. The cop had a gun, he would’ve improved the chances of stopping the shooter if he bothered to confront the shooter.
Sic*
But it would make sense to rank based on how well you work with your team. Like an actual HRT/couterterrorist team
The theory is Vader ordered his soldiers to miss but make it look like they were unintentionally missing, to capture the rebels.
I like this a lot
It’s stupid but I laughed because I’m an expat and although I have gone out and made friends here some days I wish I could meet other people but then I get drawn back to being lazy and playing video games. Then I make myself feel bad about myself.
What would be a good name for a pup like this?
Sounds like you embarrassed him without reason. It’s hard to say for sure without more details but you come off as a bit of a jerk.
You’re right. It is easy to say with only one comment. That’s why I included the caveat that I can’t be sure without more details. No need to jump down my throat.
Proper firearm?
Zoom out enough and it becomes beautiful though. https://www.google.com/amp/s/www.businessinsider.com.au/overview-effect-nasa-apollo8-perspective-awareness-space-2015-8/amp
Remember the last time you were home?
Saudi is also pretty westerneized in terms of chain restaurants and brand name shopping. I’m sure it wasn’t when you last visited but now it is. I live here now.
Same. Unfortunately there weren’t any around to help/stop these bozos.
It’s an /r/nosleep story about a guy who finds a hole to another dimension in his arm.
https://www.newrochelletalk.com/content/breaking-multiple-reports-arrests-new-rochelle-postal-employees
They’ve started granting tourist visas recently. I’m over here in Riyadh working but my mom and dad came over on a family visit visa. One of my friends is a tour guide who takes I visiting businesspeople and their families on tours. But their visa is for an official event or business reason. But I think it’s worth visiting
👍
I got assaulted at school and went to the hospital for a concussion and I said absolutely press charges.
Those people are not inside the school building because it’s illegal to carry into a school.
He does seem a bit reckless. Maybe so much so because he has a bit of a death wish. Not like he would willingly just off himself but he has a devil may care attitude. Also maybe he felt like quitting the vanguard would be a bitch move so intend he doesn’t make that choice, someone else (who proves to be more cunning or tougher) makes it for him.
CONSTANT VIGILANCE!
You can live and work in one place and take part in hobbies in another.
Skiing = sport Hunting = sport *Man like sport. No sport near home. Sport far away. Sport equipment stay in home until man go do sport.* *Man take sport equipment far away, do sport, come back home.* *Sport equipment stored in man home.* I broke it down for you.
Let us know if he tells you to kill yourself like he did to that lady the other day.
Oh man just found them the other day. They’re fucking badass.
I vaguely remember some news channel showing a fake news report with updates that I believe was supposed to reimagine the birth of Jesus but in modern times. The headlines were like, a pregnant virgin woman is traveling in Palestine and they had some grainy camera footage.
By nightfall these hills will be swarming with orcs!
There is at least one nice little park there. I saw it when I visited. It’s a beautiful area
Love it
Did they add a new shemagh or what?
Just listen to DJ Perrico for news about shootings and stuff
That’s the most egregious thing. Soloing a dungeon without dying while wearing cursed gear is worth fuck all
Usually “allahu akbar” is used like “oh my god” when someone is worried. Seeing the sky light up like that is worrying.
Who came up with the name “genki” and why didn’t they research it beforehand?
I’m proud in the sense that I won’t hide the fact that I’m American. If someone asks “where are you from?” I’ll say “I’m from the US”.
Wtf? It says he’s Muslim and was convicted of terrorist charges and attempted rape? Then there’s reviews mentioning 4chan saying they wouldn’t hire/date/be friends with him
Even
I do bite my thumb, sir.
[The Christchurch Shootings Should Implicate All White Australians](https://www.google.com/amp/s/slate.com/news-and-politics/2019/03/christchurch-shootings-white-australian-guilt-new-zealand.amp)
They were wearing masks
Don’t strain your back lifting those goalposts. Use your legs.
Was it a derisive joke from the past or was the an abnormally large number if farmers getting it on with sheep?
You think those’re words you’re reading now?... Hm.
What is nomap
No. Repeal the NFA
He needs to work in the messaging. I thought it was anti-hunting
Orange man bad
Could more pressure be brought to bear by contacting silencerco and trump’s son? He seems to like guns and suppressors. And he’d be able to hold trumps attention for more than 10 seconds to get it across that suppressors need to be more accessible not less.
It’s me! Bonko the clown!
621
I took it, and threw it on the ground!
&gt; which horses did have. They still do
Like from destiny?
Go Irish!
Just curious, for the people opposed to legalizing alcohol; would you be ok with something like a permit for non-Saudis/non-Muslims to buy alcohol for personal use in the home? I believe a similar system in in Oman. I think that would be a compromise that would work.
Can’t they put the tank in a cage bolted to the ground just in case the top pops off?
I went to Notre Dame (class of 2013) but I wore a bathing suit for the test. I’m glad they have the test though. I knew how to swim before but at the time I wore contacts and the pool was so chlorinated it hurt my eyes. I almost failed because I jumped into the side of the swimming lane because I couldn’t see. But I needed up passing. I do think swimming is a necessary life skill and more schools should make sure their students can swim.
That’s reaching a bit.
It looks like one of those bolt guns from warhammer 40k
I can’t have mint gum or else I get canker sores :(
It’s kind of like brisket. I really like it
And inject it with four kinds of cheese
Awesome
What’s it say?
It’s called equalizing. You do it in diving. After about one meter my ears feel pressure so I do the valsalva maneuver (pinch nose, close mouth and blow out) I also sometime have to turn my head from side to side. Just don’t do it when you’re coming back up
Get your hands off my bay leaves
Combining random letters and sounds was how I learned the alphabet. We also would write something like ب again and again like بببببب just to practice the motions of connecting the letters. I felt like it was helpful. But we progressed to real words of course.
Sweet curry? Shouldn’t it be spicy?
I’m in Saudi Arabia and had Raising Cane’s for the first time out here. It was quite tasty. How do you ensure food taste and quality across locations worldwide? Do you have people come overseas and taste the food to ensure it’s the same as back in the states?
Interesting
The CDC was pushing studies with the aim to make guns “dirty, deadly, and banned” But having people who hate guns doing studies about guns means there will be obvious biases.
What about asking for the toughest guys then telling each one who the other self-proclaimed tough guys were. Then watch them all fight each other. To prove who is toughest.
Isn’t that unconstitutional?
Would it be possible to find a ringer for a test case? Like someone completely inoffensive who pro gun people could raise a ton of money for. Then that individual allows himself to be arrested for say “transporting an ‘assault weapon’ and basically preplan the case to try and get it tk scotus?
Am I ugly?
Well smarter and more articulate can be excused because she’s a Lady of a respectable and noble house.
Actually camels store fat in their humps.
I wouldn’t be surprised if he lied
Even stuff in the bill of rights is constantly under attack. So I doubt it would really help
&gt; Right now the position of one side of the debate is "we refuse to compromise and don't even recognize supreme court rulings on these issues" Solely reading this line I honestly couldn’t tell you which side you are referring to
Is that after they break the law or are the licenses taken from people who own a car and also happen to drink?
Soap flakes? You’re gonna clean it?
They are rapidly pushing anti gun bills forward and ignoring the outcry against them. They’re even doing shady shit like how people were gathering votes for a recall of the governor so they pushed a bill to raise the recall amount from 10% to 25%. And only give 60 days to file
I hope there’s a chance to recreate the Predator handshake meme between antifa and gun rights people. No reason to not have some fun while there
Are you saying that sarcastically?
It’s amazing I feel like I. Can’t tell if this is a painting or not. Is it just because of the lighting?
A travesty of justice
Why is it good to keep the drones away? It might be good to have some aerial footage to see the size of the crowds and stuff
I think the protest is also for proposed bills. There’s HB16 which was rescinded I think. Then there’s HB 961 which is like the New York “SAFE” Act on steroids.
What’s the LGC’s stance on Assault Weapon bans? Like the proposal HB16?
Not the poster but I believe grabber plants means people planted in the crowd by anti gun folks to act a fool and discredit everyday gun owners
Thanks
I don’t think she’s your enemy
There’s some weird (I think french movie) about teenage kids who terrorize a town with their crazily modified cars and one is a silver beetle with porthole windows and spikes all over like the car in the picture. But I can’t remember the name of the movie anyone have an idea?
Lol
What’s the status of HB961? It’s HB16 but alterned slightly
The right is inherent. You aren’t given the right.
How about a leatherman wave?
Thanks. Just out of curiosity what’s your take on it? Yea or nay? (I’m hoping it gets binned)
An AR-15 is a great self defense weapon.
Yes
Long range target shooting. There are competitions for that.
Birthday present for Ralph Northam
It is a reason. You don’t seem to agree but that’s ok As for the Marines; good job, I guess?
So since the device itself is a machine gun, you can take anyone’s semi auto rifle and make it full auto but the rifle is not technically considered the machine gun?
Everyone should be heard
What gun is it? If it’s for free I’ll gladly take it off your hands
Ok, if you could control all the responsible and respectful gun owners, how would you improve the image of gun owners in the court of public opinion? How could these people effectively protest the passed and proposed bills (like HB961) while staying palatable to non gun owners? I take it you are a gun owner so I know you have a dog in this fight, but I am still curious.
What’s that gun?
It should be the HQ for the Pink Pistols
How much does a single round cost the military on average?
Battle of Athens is a prime example. And before anyone jumps in saying, oh but that doesn’t count it was so long ago; good! I’m glad something like that hasn’t happened frequently. It shouldn’t happen until every other option has been exhausted, however it should remain an option. Frederick Douglass said *“A man’s rights rest in three boxes. The ballot box, jury box and the cartridge box. Let no man be kept from the ballot box because of his color. Let no woman be kept from the ballot box because of her sex”.* (Sometimes people add a fourth box to the beginning ‘the soap box’)
I’m a gun owner in New York and all I would like is to own a normal looking ar-15 type rifle, with a standard magazine and a suppressor But none of that is allowed. New York is infamously anti-gun so there’s always more restrictions being pushed. So gun makers build guns to comply with the laws, then legislators say they are trying to skirt the law. The motivation becomes not about safety, but to make owning any gun as onerous and legally-gray as possible. That way selective enforcement of the law can happen and acts as a chilling effect to other people who may want guns. People in freer states see the example of New York and don’t want to go down that road. So they protest.
https://lis.virginia.gov/cgi-bin/legp604.exe?201+sum+HB961 A. For purposes of this section: "Assault firearm" means: 1. A semi-automatic center-fire rifle that expels single or multiple projectiles by action of an explosion of a combustible material with a fixed magazine capacity in excess of 10 rounds; 2. A semi-automatic center-fire rifle that expels single or multiple projectiles by action of an explosion of a combustible material that has the ability to accept a detachable magazine and has one of the following characteristics: (i) a folding or telescoping stock; (ii) a pistol grip that protrudes conspicuously beneath the action of the rifle; (iii) a thumbhole stock; (iv) a second handgrip or a protruding grip that can be held by the non-trigger hand; (v) a bayonet mount; (vi) a grenade launcher; (vii) a flare launcher; (viii) a silencer; (ix) a flash suppressor; (x) a muzzle brake; (xi) a muzzle compensator; (xii) a threaded barrel capable of accepting (a) a silencer, (b) a flash suppressor, (c) a muzzle brake, or (d) a muzzle compensator; or (xiii) any characteristic of like kind as enumerated in clauses (i) through (xii); 3. A semi-automatic center-fire pistol that expels single or multiple projectiles by action of an explosion of a combustible material with a fixed magazine capacity in excess of 10 rounds; 4. A semi-automatic center-fire pistol that expels single or multiple projectiles by action of an explosion of a combustible material that has the ability to accept a detachable magazine and has one of the following characteristics: (i) a folding or telescoping stock; (ii) a thumbhole stock; (iii) a second handgrip or a protruding grip that can be held by the non-trigger hand; (iv) the capacity to accept a magazine that attaches to the pistol outside of the pistol grip; (v) a shroud that is attached to, or partially or completely encircles, the barrel and that permits the shooter to hold the pistol with the non-trigger hand without being burned; (vi) a manufactured weight of 50 ounces or more when the pistol is unloaded; (vii) a threaded barrel capable of accepting (a) a silencer, (b) a flash suppressor, (c) a barrel extender, or (d) a forward handgrip; or (viii) any characteristic of like kind as enumerated in clauses (i) through (vii); 5. A shotgun with a revolving cylinder that expels single or multiple projectiles by action of an explosion of a combustible material; or 6. A semi-automatic shotgun that expels single or multiple projectiles by action of an explosion of a combustible material that has one of the following characteristics: (i) a folding or telescoping stock, (ii) a thumbhole stock, (iii) a pistol grip that protrudes conspicuously beneath the action of the shotgun, (iv) the ability to accept a detachable magazine, (v) a fixed magazine capacity in excess of seven rounds, or (vi) any characteristic of like kind as enumerated in clauses (i) through (v). "Assault firearm" includes any part or combination of parts designed or intended to convert, modify, or otherwise alter a firearm into an assault firearm, or any combination of parts that may be readily assembled into an assault firearm. "Assault firearm" does not include (i) a firearm that has been rendered permanently inoperable, (ii) an antique firearm as defined in § 18.2-308.2:2, or (iii) a curio or relic as defined in § 18.2-308.2:2.*
I was browsing and I think it’s a really disturbing bill. It will ban open carry for shotguns too, something that I didn’t realize. https://i.imgur.com/qsZl8b7.png
I always take 3-4 pictures then stick around for them to check the photos
True Detective s1
I watched Mulan and thought China still fought with swords and spears and stuff like that.
They definitely don’t have more guns.
Well the media wasn’t warning about six people, they were saying it would be a bloodbath to have tens of thousands of gun owners carrying all together. And the media unsurprisingly didn’t work very hard to delineate ‘white supremacists’ from ‘protesting gun owners’
It hasn’t been axed. The legislature pushed through a few bills but there are more egregious bills waiting in the wings. One of which, HB 961, is the one that is drawing the most ire from gun owners.
https://www.wusa9.com/mobile/article/news/local/virginia/virginia-lobby-day-gun-rights-rally-draws-thousands/65-e0456d1e-aae9-4260-8d61-48ba7b274a42
Tell them why you are canceling
&gt; If you have nothing to hide then why so upset? Hey what’s your address? Also send me all of your internet history and a list of your greatest fears.
The intent is to limit dangerous people, But people have been subject to red flag laws in other states. And they have been killed. Imagine you’re a police officer and as far as you know, the guy who you are about to raid has threatened others with his guns so you need to go in quickly and heavily armed because he’s obviously dangerous. So you burst in and the guy thinks he’s being robbed so he grabs his gun and you shoot him to protect yourself and the other officers. So he is now dead but the red flag notice was made by a distant family member who doesn’t like guns and wanted the guy to lose them.
&gt; I thought this was a joke sub, but reading the comments, it would appear it's not. That’s condescension. You could have kept that thought to yourself if you wanted to avoid sounding condescending
Yeah. From what I’ve read the laws are in place as a measure against the KKK So it’s kind of understandable but also kinda sucks. I did read that she was asked multiple times to remove the mask. On the other hand it was apparently really cold that day so maybe her face was cold.
Haha I thought the thumbnail was a tricorn hat
But any proposal from the pro gun side is dismissed as not going far enough. The choice you’re presenting is make gun control legislation on your own or have it done for you. But I haven’t seen anything like compromise from the gun control side. Additionally gun owners have seen past compromises, like background checks in exchange for leaving private sales alone, become today’s “loophole” that needs to be eliminated. Why should gun owners trust a compromise now only to be stabbed in the back later
Depends on the state
I’ve got a perfect name for the app. Paladin
How do you hold that? It looks super uncomfortable
Asset forfeiture needs to be got rid of yesterday
&gt; I am my greatest fear That’s why you don’t like guns? I understand. You don’t have the mental fortitude to trust yourself with a gun, so you project that insecurity onto others. That’s sad and I hope you get some help.
Dumb question but do you wear the pretzel around your neck? It sounds greasy
Deregulate suppressors to combat the tinnitus epidemic.
Yeah that’s what I was picturing Never heard of a pretzel necklace before
Can this phenomenon happen only occasionally? I have this happen on my ring fingers but not every time it gets cold. Sometimes I’ll feel freezing but no white fingers. Other times I’ll be fairly comfortable but have a white, numb finger.
How do you load the magazine after the device is installed?
Emergency surgery?
Don’t forget to update here on reddit
Alcohol Tobacco and Firearms should be a storefront not an agency
Callous *
There is another reason for the trigger pull being so high. Before semi auto pistols the nypd used double action revolvers that had inherently heavy triggers. Instead of training their cops on a lower pull, they modified all the triggers to be higher like the old revolvers
Have you communicated the desire to disarm cops to your local representatives, exercised your right to petition the government? Done something?
I think it’d be impossible to flip the truck
&gt; comes to police brutality. Many instances documented with them participating or at least not intervening. Whats behind that, i can only hazard some guesses Black police showing out for the white cop
It’s the same thing that should have happened to the umbrella guy at autozone in Minneapolis
He didn’t call him one he said he looked like one
It was animated by TiaraWhy
Red shirt guy got mugged
I think that press conference said the child was ok
Which city is this? Some cities have exemptions for press
This is great to see much more immediate consequences for misbehavior by police. Not all of them but baby steps. I think the pressure being applied isn’t just to appease the crowd but police commanders are seeing that it’s the right thing to do.
I’ve heard some people say that George Floyd was involved in an armed robbery where he pistol whipped a woman. However it doesn’t matter in the slightest because in the moment of Floyd’s arrest he was simply a man murdered by a police officer.
I don’t get it. Are you enjoying the events in the US?
You’ll need to learn about the asinine gun laws in New York, especially NYC and work to get them changed.
So a business has to finance and organize a parade for everyone so the locals don’t destroy it? Sounds like Shitty, selfish locals
That could be pretty hard to defend from a legal standpoint. Ideally, the collective store owners would band together to defend all their stores as a group
Needless because people can choose not to loot and steal
Four Rules of Gun Safety: 1) All guns are always loaded. 2) Never let the muzzle cover anything you are not willing to destroy. 3) Keep your finger off the trigger until your sights are on the target. 4) Be sure of your target and what is beyond it.
Push to change NYCs gun laws to allow yourself to defend you life and livelihood
Better to be judged by 12 than carried by 6
In New York City it’s nearly impossible to get a gun
Homie*
Funniest shit I’ve ever seen
That sounds like the Ned Kelly method.
Stop excusing criminality
Low capacity is anything under the standard capacity of 30 rounds
You are a second amendment person. Take responsibility for your own protection because the cops certainly won’t. It’s not anyone else’s responsibility
You want to ban semi automatic guns?
What are you doing about it?
What does the concept of community police look like?
My guess is you can’t be arrested for no reason. So there must be a charge to go with the arrest
Why?
In New York?
Thank the councilors for working hard to keep guns out of the hands of _______ (insert racial epithet). And add something about how gun laws controlling ______ was passed one California and we need to continue controlling them before they destroy ‘Murica
I love your username
Those ARE second amendment people! The second amendment is for every American, it’s a right.
Saudi for sure.
Do you mean mayor? He’s not the mayor he’s the governor. But he is a pos and needs to go
Can it be photoshopped to look like the actual energy sword from Halo?
Gun control is racist
What guns should they be able to own though?
I just left a three year job in Riyadh but didn’t spend a ton of time in the Sharqiya region. I’ll ask my friends back there if they’ve seen this guy.
They are anti Semitic and racist
If you have the ability to defend yourself the odds are evened. It’s harder to bear defenseless people if they get some defenses
I thought they ate crayons
Wanton* death
When did those people block roads?
I’ve been out of the states up until 2 weeks ago. Didn’t hear about that
Wonton death is caused by over eating
Do you believe in the ACAB ideology?
Rights are not granted by government
From what I’ve experienced it started getting traction as a meme due to the Virginia gun control bullshit being pushed. I remember there was a fear that the Lobby Day in VA was going to have some incident which would kick off resistance to a tyrannical government that wanted to confiscate guns. As far as I saw I was never about a race war or white supremacy. It was always (and I think still is) about being ready to resist tyranny. The tyranny would come from anti-gun people who designed to push gun control with the end goal of confiscation, which needed to be resisted. That could potentially lead to a civil war 2: electric boogaloo. The word boogaloo started getting thrown around by some online news sites and even censored/flagged so people started using “big igloo” and also “big luau” to refer to the “boogaloo” without saying the word. That in itself was a meme because people joked that you’d get out on a list for saying boogaloo. The big luau is where the Hawaiian shirts comes from. It’s pretty silly to have a tactical plate carrier with a Hawaiian shirt and flip flops on. I think the connection to white supremacy is being made by media outlets the same way they tried to paint all the attendees of the VA Lobby Day as neo-nazis and white supremacists. It’s not true but it fits with the agenda of pushing gun control.
after some of the shots was the round skipping across the ground?
The second amendment is for everyone so waiting for other people to exercise the same right that you have is silly. I believe in the four boxes of liberty and the protests show that we are on box one and (soon) two. (Soap box and ballot box respectively.) next are the jury box, and the last one is the cartridge box. It’s the very last one because you don’t use it until all other options have definitively and totally failed. I’m concerned that people who are trying to stir shit up want to goad folks into shooting so that it leads to anarchy.
I’d be willing to be a vast majority of the protestors, if interviewed, would be in favor of enacted gun control and weapon bans.
Any free American can exercise their right to keep and bear arms. If someone who doesn’t have a gun is asking why don’t gun owners come and protest with them, the answer is that the person without a gun should go and buy one themselves. Then they can protest with it to their heart’s content. It’s a personal responsibility.
&gt;Thanks for the reply. This is the kind of feedback I was looking for in order to better understand a mentality so distant from mine. To be clear, you don't consider what is happening now (armed forces with unidentifiable uniforms in the streets, peaceful protesters gassed and maimed by their government, etc..) an instance of "government trying to take over". Is that correct? If this is the case, would you have exactly the same opinion should, say, Obama be president now? (as in: same things, different president) To further elaborate, can you give me a few concrete examples of actions from the government that, in your opinion, would qualify as "government trying to take over" from the 2A people? I'm interested in the "government trying to take over" bit because it's always the go-to argument from 2A people. I have always found it dangerously vague. Maybe this is my chance to get a better clarification on the point. I’m glad I could help. And I’m happy to continue the discussion. One note: I can only speak for myself and I don’t claim to speak for anyone else nor any group (so my answers won’t be representative of all ‘2A people’). Also, my thoughts may seem dispassionate or blasé about egregious injustices but I want to discuss things as calmly and rationally as I can, without stirring up strong feelings and letting a conversion started in good faith to get off track. I’m not looking to score any ‘gotcha’ points on you. I think your question is a bit loaded. ‘Gassing and maiming’ sounds like any and all incidents of police dispersing a crowd are just violence for violence’s sake. I have seen protests happening all over the country that have been well organized, peaceful and exemplary of a robust exercise of first amendment rights. Characterizing all incidents of police uses of force at protests as unwarranted is just as fallacious as characterizing all instances of rioting as stemming from protestors. I think that there have been clear instances of misconduct and abuse by police on peaceful demonstrators which should be documented, investigated and punished. However, I will also state that I believe that the push for increased accountability for police and the prosecution of bad police officers is laudable and needed. Any misconduct by an officer should be investigated and the officer should be held accountable. I’m sure that there are many instances of misconduct that go undocumented, uninvestigated and unpunished, which is an unfair reality. Ideally, there would only be good cops with no bad behavior. Since we don’t live in a perfect world we must do the best we can with what we’ve got. It is clear that the current state of affairs is not the best we can do but I feel that things are on the road to improvement. As for your first assertion, no I don’t believe the government is “trying to take over”. I think that things are tense for protestors and police alike. There are inexcusable actions by police like pepper-balling a woman and her mother in their car driving down the street (which should be handled like any misconduct incident) but there are other incidents that are not as clear cut. I’ve seen quite a few videos on r/PublicFreakout that are labeled as completely unprovoked abuse on defenseless protestors. Which it may or may not be. I feel like they miss two key contextual points. First, when police go out in riot gear, that’s not the appropriate setting for a dialogue about police reform with the rank and file officers. They are there for crowd control and to quell a riot swiftly. (Yes, I have seen videos with police agitating people and using the reaction as a cover to start wailing on people. Still, the protests need to be followed up by face to face meetings with a plan for changes) Second, in the case of instances where police are closing off an area, or enforcing a curfew, a lawful order to disperse or the announcement of a curfew should be followed. If it isn’t, it shouldn’t be a surprise to face consequences for it. I’ve seen videos where a protestor is in the middle of the street facing a line of riot police and standing with their hands up not doing anything. Once the police announce that protestors need to disperse, then simply leave. If the city administration enact a curfew then go to them to change it, not the cop on the street. Frederick Douglass wrote about the Four boxes of liberty: the soap box, ballot box, jury box, and ammo box. They should be used in the above order to affect change. I think we are still on the first box. And we should not jump to the last one hastily. (Armed protesters would still, in my view, be using the first box) It doesn’t matter who is in office. I can imagine the actions of a government wanting to take over would include assassinations/imprisonments of political opponents, disappearances of journalists, nationalization of institutions like schools and hospitals. It’s not a be all, end all list but I hope you agree that people should be ready, but not eager to use violence for necessary defense against tyranny. I’m not saying that actions like unwarranted injury and arrest of protestors or journalists are not to be taken seriously. They absolutely should be acknowledged, denounced, investigated and punished. But I don’t see the violations happening that, to me, would signal a government takeover or cause for revolution. At the moment, our justice system and check and balances are working. Not perfectly but as they say, “the wheels of justice grind slowly, but they grind fine”. I’ll be happy to elaborate on any of my answers. I’d like to ask you some questions too. 1. Are there instances where use of lethal force by police are justified? 2. Do cities and towns have a right to impose curfews for its citizens, and are curfews unconstitutional? 3. Could a government become tyrannical, and if so, should that government be resisted, with violence, if necessary. 4. Do you believe the police , on the whole, are bad people? I appreciate you reading through my thoughts and hope you’ll take the time to respond candidly.
I’ve been seeing a few people asking where 2A supporters are and why they aren’t fighting. I’d like to know if other folks here consider the current state of affairs as tyranny. I don’t right now. I could see it happening in down the road, as I’m sure most people here do. But right now I think most instances of police pepper balling or hitting protestors are trigger happy, amped up dipshits who will be punished or protestors refusing orders to disperse. Part of me thinks fuck the police, and screw the curfew. Another part of me thinks ignore the haters and stay strapped for real tyranny.
Wow you’re very privileged
You’re home is looted and plundered and you’d bounce back in “a few weeks” And you’d just be a bit angry about it. Sounds like you’re well to do
Who’s asking the cops to march with them? I’ve seen the exact opposite as it’s propaganda (or “copaganda”)
You ripple nipple son of a bitch
Daedric armor must be forged or gotten from the atronach forge at the mages college
They aren’t. They just want to get in a cheap shot
So then why go out now and start shooting?
The boogaloo is being smeared as a white supremacy movement but it’s simply about being prepared to resist tyranny. It’s being painted in such a way to further division.
Those laws should be repealed as the legacy of a racist era
I think that whether or not Floyd was resisting in that car, no matter how you slice it Chauvin committed a crime. There can be no question that Floyd was under control just before he died. If he’s unconscious and limp chauvin shouldn’t continue to kneel on his neck. I agree that the justice system is working slowly but surely. I think the truth will out
They dress up as trees?
Accidents don’t happen with guns. Only negligence Always follow the Four Rules of Gun Safety: 1) All guns are always loaded. 2) Never let the muzzle cover anything you are not willing to destroy. 3) Keep your finger off the trigger until your sights are on the target. 4) Be sure of your target and what is beyond it.
Peacefully throwing bottles?
Was t it turned into a memorial wall? How would removing it look now?
They’re*
Fuck off commie
Well to buy an explosive like that in the US you would need to pay a tax stamp for a destructive device and get a background check.
These are pretty
And argued it’s pronounced “aag sloot”
Can you feel me?
So what happens to donations if BLM refuses the money or after 60 days pass after receipt of the donation? Your link doesn’t answer that question, which is why people are riled up about it. Here’s what actblue’s website says: Re-designation of Contributions In the event that a campaign or committee (a) fails for 60 days to cash a check from ActBlue which includes your contribution (after ActBlue makes repeated attempts to work with the campaign to ensure all checks are cashed), or (b) affirmatively refuses a contribution earmarked through ActBlue, your contribution will be re-designated as a contribution to ActBlue. Contributions to social welfare organizations which are similarly not cashed or affirmatively refused will be kept by ActBlue and used generally to support its social welfare activities. Contributions to charitable organizations which are not cashed or affirmatively refused will go to ActBlue Charities.
I like the second paragraph though. Hopefully this reopens more cases of good cops stopping bad ones
Suppressors and full auto. Also short barreled shotguns and rifles.
What can be substituted for full auto, suppressors, sbrs and sbss?
Suppressors?
What if the protest is about open carry laws The carrying should be a method of free expression.
Everyone can be press. having media credentials can make you look official and give you access to certain events but there should be a separation of press and citizen.
That’s how I do ghost recon games. Just kill everyone then waltz into the enemy base. Is that not how it’s done?
Charges were dropped against Kenneth walker a couple weeks ago. (Rightfully so)
Aside from the bump stock ban, did trump push for an AWB？ not trying to gotcha, just curious in case I missed something
I don’t like the “fuck you I got mine” attitude. I hope most gun owners don’t either.
Well Biden wanting to push an AWB and being chummy with Robert O’Rourke shows that the Dems are serious about protecting gun rights /s
It irks me that after a shooting the crowd shuffles toward the guy with their hands up. Why not leave the area?
The ATF
It’s like the Reign of Terror in the French Revolution. With an army of digital Robespierres
The endgame is the destabilization of America
You realize that you’re is a contraction of you are
Australia banned a NERF gun. So I wouldn’t trust their “gun control” ideas.
I think if you watch the video past the shooting there’s an officer standing over one of the arrested militia guys holding. A knife in his hand. (The office is holding the knife, presumable the attackers knife)
Live action role play
From my understanding it’s not a desired goal, but something to prepare just in case shit hits the fan
Civil rights attorney who works for the NAACP, maybe
Good catch. I missed that
I interacted with PurpleTinker at one of the very earliest BroNYcons. I witnessed all of the negative behavior detailed in the apology and more. (I don’t know about the other sections of the apology, but I’ll assume they are true) I think it’s commendable to reflect and admit being wrong and sincerely apologize. It’s something that is repeatedly addressed in the show, but it’s an important friendship lesson.
That old windbag. What an asshole.
How long are their terms?
Just one?
Gun control is racist
No bastard ever won a war by dying for his country. He won it by making the other poor dumb bastard die for his country.
Large caliber pistols are more difficult to aim and use, especially for smaller framed shooters. And sawed off shotguns are federally illegal. (Shotguns must have an overall length of at least 26” and a barrel of more than 18”) AR type rifles are easily handled by both larger and smaller framed shooters, lightweight but with a manageable recoil (depending on caliber). And a caliber like .223 has less over penetration potential than a shotgun or handgun. Although you are correct that hollow points are ideal for a defensive handgun to prevent overpenetration.
Wow, what sanctimony.
Tell that to the Covenant
&gt; When I met Daniel, Rupert and Emma, I knew everything about them, their pets’ names, birthdays, I knew their parents’ names. I had to pretend I didn’t. Yikes. &gt;‘It also meant I had nothing to say to them, I just adored them. I found this a bit sad. You get to star in something you absolutely love but you are so deep into it that you can’t connect with the people you work with.
Giggle at the ghosties
What happens when the money goes unclaimed for 60 days or if BLM refuses the money? I think that’s the concern most people have.
That link doesn’t say anything about what happens to donations after 60 days if they aren’t claimed or if BLM refuses the donation.
I understand but there’s been wholesale dismissal of any question of BLM donations connected to the DNC by showing that there’s no direct funneling of money. However I believe that the question you wrote is an important one and shouldn’t be ignored. I would be very interested to see if that happens. If so, Then I’d follow up with why did the funds go unclaimed for 60 days/why were the donations refused?
Bull terrier?
I recently returned to the States from KSA (worked there for the past few years). They have pretty serious measures in place there to combat the virus. I felt more safe from COVID there than in the US. The US should take some pointers.
Did that women end up getting someone to walk her home?
A good amount of the roads are raised up higher than the surrounding terrain. But they have sweepers along the highways who will get called out if the sand is bad. Just like if a road needs plowing in a snowy place.
It’s a smear tactic.
Reno
Meatball sub
Thanks
Thank you
I may just do that. Thanks
That’s clear brandishing. Hopefully the guy is caught and prosecuted
If he’s getting mouthy you can make a high pitched yelp noise and disengage. Just ignore until he calms down. Over time he’ll associate rough play with lack of engagement. I’ve taught my dog to do sit, lay down, jump up, beg, and Left and right paw. I’m trying to do roll over now.
Did you report him?
It should be made easier to buy guys legally especially in DC
Sorry if I clogged up the page. I just saw a post about the flag maybe changing in another sub and figured here would be the place to ask.
Eric holder and co
True but they don’t have a right to search you whenever they feel like it. They need a warrant
Better to let 10 guilty men go free than to imprison 1 innocent person
But don’t people have a right to privacy?
Be vigilant so that it doesn’t happen there
If there’s a good reason (aka probable cause) then have at it. That prevents cops from stopping and searching anyone on a whim. But it’s important that everyone knows their rights and appropriately exercises them. Not respecting the inherent rights of others is abhorrent. It’s a matter of sticking to one’s principles.
There’s a video I saw from a few years ago where these guys went to a college campus and asked girls if they support ending women’s suffrage. A disturbing number said yes.
Didn’t they hVe a massive funeral and Mass
Why do only security guards deserve the ability to defend themselves?
Do you know what a citation is? He made several points and backed them up by referring to relevant cases
And the people buying or considering buying a gun should question why diminishing the ability of people to defend themselves is a major party platform. Consider how people would fare if the police don’t respond when you call and you don’t have the best tools available to defend yourself and loved ones. Think about the laws being pushed at the local, state and federal level and how they will affect your ability to own the best tools for self defense.
Agreed. And follow the Four Rules of Gun Safety: 1) All guns are always loaded. 2) Never let the muzzle cover anything you are not willing to destroy. 3) Keep your finger off the trigger until your sights are on the target. 4) Be sure of your target and what is beyond it.
Jo Jorgensen maybe
