Yeah, for some reason, the hive mind of Reddit gives Reaves a free pass on dirty shit like this because "it's just what he's paid to do."
This whole time we thought DW fleeced Melnyk. Turns out Reddit users aren't the hockey experts we all thought they were.
Burns and Karlsson on the same team has been a complete disaster. They both get burned on their pinches way too often, and it's costing us tons of goals. One of them needs to be traded
Hedican is furious on the radio feed. Samesies Hedi, samesies.
I've accepted it. We are actually one of the worst teams in the league. What the fucking fuck am I watching?
Scorensen is one of the few dudes on this team who actually plays with some balls. Keep him, keep Timo, keep Cooch. The rest? I could really care less if they're not with us next year. We need a new formula because right now we're a bunch of losers.
Just basically that we're playing like complete ass and that we're a frustrating team to watch. His voice was literally trembling in anger, never heard him lose his composure like that.
Yeah but at this point I have no reason to believe anyone else has even a remote shot at beating Bama.
Bad luck, and the guys around him are doing fuck all to help him generate anything. Oh yeah, and we run a dump and chase, bottom to top offensive zone cycle - which is arguably the most ineffective and luck-based offensive scheme in hockey.
It's just all looking pretty bleak right now. DW did the right thing by sacrificing those future picks to bring in top-tier talents. But neither of those guys are performing at the level we need them to be and our window of opportunity is closing rapidly.
A man can dream... What's Alain Vigneault up to these days? I think he's a much more realistic option than Joel Q.
&gt; No NHL defense is bad enough to excuse a .887. For those interested, here's a map of where the Sharks are giving up their shots: https://hockeyviz.com/team/S.J/1819 Now this is interesting. Basically a huge margin of the shots we're allowing are from right in front of the crease. So, in other words, our defenseman are just letting guys walk into the slot to rifle shots past Jones at point blank. Jones has been bad, but the defense has been far far worse. Give us some more big-bodied guys on D who can punish those little skill guys in front of the net and force them to the perimeter.
Unlucky, but not dirty.
I think 2011 was a good draft year, the hype was just all built around RNH who hasn't lived up to the #1 overall hype (imo) Landeskog, Huberdeau, Rackell, William Karlsson, Scheifele, John Gibson, Kucherov, and Johnny Hockey are all products of the 2011 draft
It's called a flair and all the cool kids have one.
Could happen, I just wouldn't expect it to.
Alright Sharks, please don't ruin my sunday.
Turnovers and quick transitions off of them, yes.
Karlsson just got burned so hard on that pinch. Ugh...
What a fuckin hit by Scorensen!
We're playing pretty well but the Habs are also playing pretty trash
Feel like he gets burned on those 5 times out of 10
If we don't score on a full minute of 5 on 3 I will shit myself
This team either plays like a Stanley Cup contender or an absolute fucking tire fire. There is no in between.
I'm sorry but fuck you Melker. That was a gift
Yeah I mean ideally I'd want to see him as a pressbox extra, but DeBoer loves him for some reason so that's not gonna happen. He's the most expendable player on the team imo
oof
Jones bailing us out tonight. When he's playing well, he gives us a chance to win hockey games. I hope this game is a turning point for him
Same. He's big and plays hard. We need guys like that to make a deep playoff run
He fucking leveled someone tonight. Dude's got a man dingo-sized schlong
It looks even funnier when you zoom in
Fuckin sauced a filthy pass right into the end boards. Nobody saw it coming, fuckin dirty as fuck.
[When your team finally wins but you hurt your chances of firing Pete DeBoer](https://media.giphy.com/media/NlR0RF1v972Mw/giphy.gif)
This league is fucked as fuck
Poor stick was just trying its best to get by in this cruel world. Never stood a chance.
Yup. R3hab hasn't been good since he got featured on some high profile collabs on Spinnin back in the glory days. 2015 was his peak and then it was all downhill from there.
I totally feel you on this. Over the years, I've started to realize that a lot of people at raves are actually just obnoxiously stupid people who need an excuse to get fucked up. Not saying every raver is like that, but you begin to realize that a large portion of the people at these shows are super immature, reckless, and vain. It's sort of turned me away from the scene tbh I was totally one of those fuckers when I was 18-19 though so please don't mistake my jadedness as being condescending. I know a lot of you guys are genuinely awesome, fun-loving people.
As pumped as I was when we landed EK65, I just don't think he's the solution for this team. I wouldn't be surprised to see him sent away for some picks and depth to bolster our 3rd/4th lines, or another big-bodied defenseman who can play a smart and physical game.
Clearly this is true since the refs are constantly calling games in VGK's favor. Did so all the way up until the finals where they got absolutely demolished without the help of biased officiating.
Disagree. I like wearing colors at home. I grew up a football fan and that's how they do it in the NFL so maybe that's why I feel that way.
I think if we're gonna make a blockbuster in-season trade, the biggest possibility is us dealing Burns for an undervalued 1C like Ryan O'Reilly or Jonathan Huberdeau. If we could pull it off we would instantly become a legitimate Cup contender.
As far as I know it's only the Cowboys that do that regularly. All the other teams wear their colors at home.
No, it's really not. Pittsburgh in the 2016 finals and Edmonton in 17' are examples of instances where I can accept that we got outplayed by a better opponent. The Vegas series felt like it would have been a different outcome, or at least would have gone to 7, if the officiating had been fair. I lost count of how many no-calls there were for VGK. Noticed the same thing in their ensuing series against the Jets. The league wanted the Vegas thing to work, and they obviously were tilting the calls in their favor so they could showcase their new brand on the national stage. Unfortunately for them, the refs stopped holding their hand in the finals and they got pimp slapped by a much better team. I found it hilarious that Vegas fans were whining about officiating when Collin Miller broke his face after skating directly into Oshie's shoulder.
Sorry but my vote is with John Scott forever and always.
I feel like we only got outplayed in game 1 and 5. The rest were tossups that ended up being tilted by no-calls in VGK's favor, and by questionable calls against us. Game 3, in particular, was one where we really got shafted by the officials.
No more paying $14 for a tall can of Modelo!!! To further clarify, the special starts at 6 PM for 365 members and 6:15 for all other fans.
Big daddy Burns
Eh, we'd sooner trade Burns for a forward (ideally a 1C if that's a possibility) than move him to wing since that experiment already failed pretty miserably in 2014-15.
Good lord man, cool your tits off
His biggest issue is that his vision is nowhere near where it needs to be. Also, he's a major liability in the defensive zone. I don't think he'll be on the roster next season.
Man, nowadays we can barely manage to string together 3 consecutive sellouts.
Hurricanes? More like Hurrican'ts! I tried. Let's go boys!!!
[So fucking hot](https://i.kym-cdn.com/photos/images/newsfeed/001/207/210/b22.jpg)
What makes you think that? He shows flashes of being a capable NHLer but all in all he's been mediocre, at best.
Oh damn... well nevermind then.
From the one game I saw, Simek is lightyears ahead of Heed in terms of awareness and physicality.
Like seeing a pair of titties for the first time all over again. Outstanding.
And your point is?
So Spott is still on powerplay duty. Dammit, Pete.
McBackup's mask is pretty damn sick
That was the same guy who had the "I have a Joner" shirt lmao
CRY SOME MOAR WILLIAMS!!! LETS FUCKING GO BOYS!
Guys, Spott is still in charge of the PP. PDB said so in the pregame interview this morning
Right, I just meant the overall team defense. Should have worded that differently
Leafs fans are just the Hawks fans of the East
The beef is lit
I think it's safe to assume that Connor McDavid is good at hockey
You probably just ruined someones innocence. I hope you're happy
lol that was either Dillon messing around or a Canes player taking a lighthearted jab after calling for the pass and trying to get him to turn the puck over
The guy is a stud. Hope we keep him in the lineup and put Ryan up in the pressbox.
Less emotion and actual musical substance, more pandering to the trashy rap audience.
I can relate to those issues, just not the way they choose to express them.
I just get this weird Insane Clown Posse vibe from them and their fans. I know I'm just being a salty hater but I find their stuff really cringey. But like I said bro, if that's your thing, I can't hate you for enjoying what you like. Just don't expect folks here on r/EDM to be all that receptive of that sort of music.
YES!!! RIGHT BETWEEN THE WICKETS!
Cry some moar
The only blatantly stupid play I can recall from Dillon this year is when he whiffed on that cross-ice pass against Dallas which resulted in a gift wrapped goal for Seguin right in front of the net. Other than that, the guy is physical, never over-commits on pinches when he shouldn't be risking it, and is just a great all around shut down defensive dman. I'm surprised you're so high on Braun. If there's one player who's expendable in our top 4, I'd say it's Braun. His puck control is mediocre, at best, and he turns the puck over more often than anyone aside from Burnzie. Plus he's constantly getting manhandled by bigger players, which is never really a problem for Dillon.
This is exactly how I'd expect a "woo" person to sound.
Reaves is honestly the biggest fuckface in the NHL.
ugh... exactly why I stay away from that sub
Um yeah fuck no, that would be r/hockey r/nba lol that sub is absolute trash
[I can link you to an example of Reaves being even more of a jackass](https://mobile.twitter.com/jessegranger_/status/1070920573105070080?s=21)
FUCK YES! Such a nice play! Kane needed that one badly.
Simek is obviously our guy now. Joakim is good to have in the pressbox just in case
Table topped that dude lol
Just not a whole lot of open ice out there for either team. This one's definitely gonna come down to lucky bounces and mistakes
I don't know why I still hope for good things with this fucking team edit: Don't you dare make me hope again...
This game is ruining my friday night. Why am I so emotionally invested in sports? It's a curse
Probably at the deadline if we're still losing. This team's not getting any younger and if we can't win now, well then it's time to cut our losses.
This team sure loves floating wristers from the point... fucks sake
Welp... we're just not good enough
This. Our forwards are always either late in picking up defensive assignments or just miss them altogether. I envy how you guys were able to completely neutralize our attack. We had to run the low to high cycle all night because there was no open ice in the slot.
People on this sub sure love posting about Asians
I was just pulling your leg, buddy. Glad you enjoyed yourself.
You must be fun at parties
I am here and I have beer. Lots of it
My emergency stash of PBR because I'm a broke ass bum
So who's slotting into the 4th line to replace Suomela?
I'm thinking we've hit rock bottom
I have to say, Radil has already made Joakim Ryan completely obsolete. I'm so happy we got this guy.
Shit, yeah. My blind ass saw "Radim" in the title instead of "Radil"
Nope. This is a total abomination. Definitely his worst song ever. It's even worse than 'Sally' which is really saying something.
JuJu Smith-Schuster is a gift from the football gods. In 3-4 years JuJu will be the Odell/AB type receiver that everybody talks about.
For sure. Maybe even top 10 at this point. I still can't believe he slipped to the 2nd round.
His acceleration is basically the only weak part of his game but it doesn't matter since he makes these types of catches and always seems to win battles for contested throws.
Had to study for finals and missed last game but I'm back and ready to shitpost with you guys! LETS DO THE DAMN THANG BOYS!
Evander "literally a fucking jaguar" Kane
We're playing fast. If we can eliminate the mistakes and miscommunications in the defensive zone I think we'll take the W
Radil had a rough couple of shifts there
Sharks games are definitely not expensive but I understand the monday thing.
Our guys always look so disorganized when we have the puck down low. No one is getting open and the puck carrier is forced to cycle it back up to the point more often than not.
THAT'S MY CAPTAIN/ALL-STAR!!!
Probably doesn't want to celebrate like a winner until him and his team prove they can consistently play like winners. I respect it.
Dillon is playing incredible tonight.
Knew that was going in as soon as I saw that Palmieri had so much speed. We suck at defending the rush.
Which is clutch considering that Vlasic has been a fucking pylon all year.
I no longer believe that Spott is the problem. Our shit ass passing is a far bigger concern.
HE'S SO GOOD HE'S SO GOOD HE'S SO GOOD HE'S SO GOOD
At this point Labanc has to hold the franchise record for the most blown opportunities. The guy can't finish to save his life.
Can't tell if playing good or the Devils are just bad...
Ahhhhhhh so close to the hatty
Whoa... a decisive victory? I forgot those are an option for this team. Looks like things are starting to come together, but then again, this was only the Devils. Still, we have a chance to get our first three game win streak of the season on Thursday which would be a *huge* confidence booster.
Hey buddy, [the Leafs fucking suck!](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FMrFC3Pgu2o)
Earlier this year Kane and a few other Sharks players went out to a Drake concert the night before a game after a long road trip. That's the only story I've heard of his partying antics so maybe he has toned it down.
Sweet! Sharks/Jets will be a fantastic game to watch!
&gt; -making room to acquire...? I think there's a good chance that we'll make a move to acquire a player who can play between Pavs and Kane on the second line. In my opinion, lack of depth at the center position has really held this team back from what it could be. We would be so deadly if we could somehow find a guy to fill the Tierney-sized hole in our roster. I could see someone like Donskoi or Labanc getting packaged with Joakim Ryan and some prospects/picks in a deadline trade with a tanking team that is looking for a cap dump. I'd love to see us get a big-bodied guy who's strong in the faceoff circle and can play a solid 200 foot game. I think DW should be making some phone calls to see if guys like Ryan O'Reilly, Kevin Hayes, or Nick Bjugstad are available. You definitely get the feeling that we're just one or two pieces away from being a Cup contender; hopefully DW recognized this and at tries to add another guy before the deadline.
That's the way I see it too. Labanc is a good player, and I believe that we still have yet to see him play to his full potential, but I don't see him being a crucial part of the teams "win now" approach. He's an attractive asset right now because of his contract and his stats so I think we could definitely get a solid return for him. Donskoi might not land us a high-profile player like ROR or Hayes, but dealing him would be a little less risky and might still land us a solid piece who can bolster the bottom 6 like Fehr did last year.
RIP bounce hype 2011-2015. I'll never forget the good ol' days when dudes like Deorro, TJR, and Henry Fong always brought that heat.
bruh...
Heck yeah! Welcome back! And idk if you guys are drinkers but if so, heads up on the $5 beer and wine happy hour special from 6-7 PM. Enjoy the game!
Buddy, you guys suck at hockey.
That's the thing though, he'd most likely be a rental. This team really isn't in a position to be trading picks for short term deals right now. I think we'll be looking for a guy who's got a longer contract to step in as our 2/3C when Jumbo finally decides to hang em up.
Yo could someone please hook it up with an ID on [this drop](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tizCfxQkvU0)
Love you Karlsson. You can motherfuck me anytime you like
Can we *please* beat this fucking team? They're not even good. No reason we shouldn't stomp their guts out tonight. LETS GO SHARKS!
lmao how many times has this same exact thread been the top post on r/EDM?? We get it, you don't understand when people enjoy stuff that you don't like. Just move on with your life.
Alan Walker is a truly awful DJ. He does that thing where he just randomly switches from genre to genre with no cohesion or flow whatsoever. Like one minute he'll be playing his downtempo 'Faded' type stuff, then he'll play some big room house, next thing you know he's dropping some brostep. He's the definition of a shitty iPod DJ
idk why it hasn't come back around yet. I feel like the few big room artists that do get booked for Insomniac events always have the most hype crowds and can actually get people moving. People eat that shit up live. The bass stuff is getting boring and has been played out for a few years now.
GAME TIME BOIS LETS GO
Sending thots and prayers your way
It's usually not. But when it is, we're a damn good hockey team.
Yeah ok just don't show the replay of the Pavs one-timer chance which was the best chance in that sequence
Experience Stars hockey
I'm beginning to really fucking hate the Stars. Watching this team play is like watching paint dry.
Holy fuck boys. This could very well end up being a 1-0 game
Yeah this just feels like it's gonna be an L. Sloppy pinball hockey through the neutral zone, we gotta be better than this on zone entries.
Out of all the shit they don't call, they decide to call *that?* lol I'll take it I guess
TIMO FUCKING TIME BABY
Gave up a breakaway chance. Drink
Damn dude looks like you didn't do either of those things
He was last seen sailing one high and wide on a breakaway attempt late in the second period. No signs of him since
32 points in 30 games. Looking like we found ourselves a solid Patty Marleau replacement.
I'm definitely becoming cautiously optimistic, and we've looked pretty good during this stretch, but we've also been playing some pretty garbage hockey teams so I'm gonna curb my enthusiasm until we can put together a full 60 minute effort against an elite team.
He's definitely stood out to me in our two prior meetings with Dallas, but last night he was playing exceptionally well. He was disrupting our zone entries all night and then fired a fucking laser past Jones to narrow the lead to 3-2.
Eh, sounds like a wannabe Illenium track.
ROR pls
He needs a better center to play between him and Pavs. A Kane - O'Reiily - Pavs line would be fantastic.
What is your favorite away arena that you've been to so far?
This is the reality I choose to accept.
I once won a Sharks post-game locker room pass and all their wifes/gf's were there. Def were all 11/10
Sorry Philly bros, total boner killer.
They are fielding a borderline AHL team out there. One of the worst NHL rosters of all time.
Banker needed to bury one so bad. Happy for the kid
I'll tell you what, if we can keep playing like this, we're just a goalie away from winning a Cup.
Four straight but yeah, dominant game.
Drunk and bad at math
Rams defense is getting taken to the woodshed. Offense looks completely out of sync. What in the world is happening to them??
Goff seems like he's playing injured.
This team is so damn scary when they're clicking and playing smart. 3rd and 4th lines were money tonight. Give us one more dude to slot in at 2C and I guarantee we will go deep this year.
At first I thought he was nursing an injury, but now I'm beginning to think it's just a matter of him having aged past his prime. I think we're better off trading him for a physical, bottom 4 defenseman who can play with Braun on the third pair, and some of the picks we gave up to land Kane and EK65.
Wheel snipe celly boys
You're talking about the breakdown, and yes, it's what makes big room so good imo. It's hard for other genres to replicate the unique mixture of uplifting euphoria and pure energy that big room brings. [Example 1](https://youtu.be/sVdrDR5md2Y?t=67) [Example 2](https://youtu.be/Aso4wJN0dMM?t=144) [Example 3](https://youtu.be/DuOWii3ELAQ?t=111) Enjoy!
Simek seems like such a chill ass dude. Like he can go hard if you guys want to party but you could also have just as a good time with him sitting back with a beer and shooting the breeze
Yeah, you know, just win those battles to loose pucks
C'mon boys, don't give Kurz any ammunition. LETS GET HER DID!
&gt; Doesn’t fit the locker room culture *anymore* "Look, Vlad, that whole banging my daughter thing was fine back then, but this is a new era - a new chapter in our legacy - and we need you to understand that banging my daughter is no longer going to be part of the culture around here."
FUCK YEAH TIMO FUCK HIM UP
We have looked so fucking explosive over this stretch. This is great hockey
Loved that. That's the type of shit we pay him to do.
Agreed. Donskoi on the third line with Jumbo and Sorensen would be awesome
Complete domination from start to finish. Putting up 8 against Philly was fun, but this was our best all around team effort of the season. It's crazy how good we are when we play defense.
That's how you hope your team plays every night. gg Wild bros, it was just one of those shit luck nights for you guys.
Kinda get more of a San Holo , Chainsmokers, and Bassnectar vibe here tbh
The megastructure was so much more fun than the current Circuit Grounds. It was smaller but it made it a more intimate experience and it had the best sound out of all the stages.
Coachella 2013 and EDC 2015 were my favorites. Production of both was great and the enclosed environment made the crowd less dispersed which made for a super fun atmosphere. Only downside was that they both got pretty sweaty in that desert heat
I'll be there tonight cheering on the boys! Gotta admit, I'm nervous. The Jets are guuuuud. Win or lose, this should be a fantastic game of ice hockey!
That makes literally zero sense. But we also got taken to OT by the Kings and shlacked by the Blues 4-0 earlier this season so I guess that just shows how random the NHL can be.
I've noticed that regardless of who's playing, there is always guaranteed to be at least one person in a Leafs or Hawks jersey in the arena.
Dang, the sad thing is that was probably the most well-attended game I've been to all season. Honestly though, attendance has taken a nosedive all across the Bay Area in the last two years or so. The Warriors are obviously the exception since they're a dynasty right now but AT&amp;T Park, Levis Stadium, and SAP Arena all have some pretty pathetic attendance these days. No idea what's going on with people right now.
Goal 2 was a flukey bounce that no one could have anticipated. Any goalie would have been caught out of position there.
I was at the game last night. Those was the worst ice conditions I've ever seen at SAP center, particularly in the third period. Players were caking it left and right, and if you watch the replay of the fourth goal, you'll see Jones loses his footing when he plants his skate to slide across. The ice definitely had an effect on the outcome of the game, I'm pretty upset about it.
Exactly. After controlling the pace of the play all period as well as throughout much of the game, losing on some shitty fluke goal was just the biggest kick in the dick. This one stings.
I mean that's definitely more on Vlasic than Pavs. Pavs just happened to be in the way of Vlasic's blind clearing attempt. Vlasic should have taken that puck into the corner boards and looked for an open man to pass to.
Mmm yeah no fuck that
GO SIMEK
Can kill off #1 pp in league no problem. Gets fucking daddy dicked by the Kings powerplay. What the hell Sharks
We look considerably more ass than we did on Thursday
He's a very polarized player. He's either playing absolutely spectacular or utterly mediocre with very little in between
Brown played Braun like a fiddle. Fucking hell man
Dilly fucking trucked that dude
PAVS! How do you NOT bury that!!!???
Meier having a pretty shit game so far
We're gonna get demolished today if we continue to play like this
He never fucking learns, he literally can't stop doing it.
Scorensen... so close
I'm seeing us try lots of shots from the point and rebound plays but not generating a whole lot of grade A chances from the slot.
Simek bby what is you doing
EK65 fucking rocked Wagner lol
Burns... can you please just fucking wait for a play to develop before you shoot? Good lord
Yeah we aren't that good
Hmm ok. If we can't win with the luck on our side, this team is lost.
That... probably should have been a good goal. I'll take it. The good teams will take advantage of this type of luck. Get it done boys
I can totally see us getting shut out tonight
We seemed to be getting better about it in the last 5 games or so but tonight we look one dimensional as hell
We look like hot, steamy SHITE today. Fuck
Holy fuck boys, getting booed on home ice. Can't blame the fans here
This game is ass. If we actually get shut out by the fucking Kings my Saturday is gonna be ruined.
Kane vs Brown
Donskoi is an anchor to our second line. Sorry but the dude needs to go. Labanc just needs to find some consistency
Yeah we fucking suck
Yup, we're totally getting shutout today
I wouldn't be opposed to either of them getting shipped out tbh
Suck on four more years of Dustin Brown
Not even that we can't beat the worst team in the league at home, we're gonna get *shut out* by the worst team in the league at home...
NO SHUTOUT TODAY!
There we go boys
FUCK YOU LA HAHAHAHAHAHA **YES!!!!**
We lose every close game because we play reckless and constantly leave Jones out to dry. Fucking pathetic, this team won't ever win shit
This team is disappointment materialized.
What was I thinking being optimistic about the Sharks chances of pulling out a win in a tight game? lol silly me!
He literally stopped a 2 on 0 in OT to keep us in the game and you "don't know how you feel" about Jones that game?? Some people in this sub man...
Just stop dude
Absolute fucking horseshit. This league is a fucking joke
&gt; players getting clocked cuz they dared to keep their heads down is not wanted in the sport. I don't think this is the case. League execs just don't have any balls and can't figure out how to be consistent in these rulings.
Just make sure to gently escort all Coyotes players into the attacking zone if you see that they have the puck with their heads down. Wouldn't want to accidentally get caught playing defense, might get suspended.
I really wonder if anyone would be willing to take his awful contract even if its just for a bottom pairing defenseman and some picks. At this point I'd take anything to get that skating liability off the ice
I mean at least the Seahawks have won a Superbowl
Nah, I'm a Raiders, A's, and Stanford/Michigan football fan... they all have forced me to endure lots of misery, but none have made me feel like this team does. Ugh...
IDK what market you're in but I've literally never seen a Kings game shown instead of a Sharks game.
Fully down to rebuild right now. Toronto, Tampa, Winnipeg, and Washington are all way too good for our current squad to compete with. Gotta start thinking ahead because obviously this team poses no legitimate threat to the top teams in the league. This is a Coyotes team with 6 players out with injury, and one goal through two periods is all we can muster?? Fucking pathetic
To be fair, Pavs and Cooch used to be money in shootouts.
To be fair, I did say "used to be"
Weird, I live in Berkeley and literally never have this problem.
no u
I love Pickles but anyone who's watched this season knows that Vlasic has been some hot fucking trash all year.
You'll get downvoted here anytime you say something negative about our players. I get that we love our players, but it makes it pretty hard to have an actual discussion when no one can handle criticism of our guys, except when it's part of the "Jones sucks, fire PDB" circle jerk. For some reason everyone aside from those two are immune to criticism in the eyes of this sub.
We also haven't scored a single goal in the three shootouts we've had this year. We definitely need some more elite talent at forward.
Getting a true, bonafide difference-maker at the deadline.
Carroll expected the Pats to sell out on stopping the run, Wilson had been pretty hot all game, and the guy just happened to jump the route perfectly. Everybody flips their shit over the play call instead of just accepting that it was an unfortunate break for Seattle and a great play by Malcolm Butler on defense.
Exactly. That's another really good point that I forgot to make in my original comment.
wtf even is Matthews outfit here?? It's like a cross between Santa Clause, a thug, and a male stripper
I feel like you have to be from the Bay to understand how hilarious this comment is.
idk man, Matthews is a pretty chunky boi
This comment really captures the essence of how shit fucking awful the weather is in Dallas.
It's a big game situation so scouts will analyze bowl games more closely than they would tape from other games. If you're on the verge of being drafted it's definitely an important game
How the fuck is that not PI?? This is the worst bowl game I've ever watched
So this is by far the best thing I've seen all day
FUCK THE DUCKS LETS GO SHAAARKS!!!
I think that's true in certain parts of the state, but not so much in others. There are a lot of microcultures within the state of California, so what you're saying still assumes too much.
Maybe not quite as good as Gibson, but definitely a whole lot better than Jones.
Can we please just trade Labanc already
LETS FUCKING GOOOOO
This miiiight be called back... time to flip the coin
Come to think of it, it's not just Kane, we really just lack elite shooters who can consistently make other teams pay for giving up those types of chances. Would love to see us get a true goal scorer at the deadline. You watch guys like Kucherov or Matthews and you start to wonder how good this team would be if we had a guy like that.
Joner status: ERECT
This fucking team shooting itself in the foot, as usual.
Welp, we're getting pretty damn lucky. A better team would probably be beating us badly right now. Gotta clean things up in front of Jonesy
It's amazing how fun the Tank is when the fans actually show up
Kinda funny how everyone downvoted me for saying [this](https://www.reddit.com/r/SanJoseSharks/comments/aa0sw5/game_thread_anaheim_ducks_19145_at_san_jose/ecpklc1/) at the end of the second even though it was obviously true. Take off the homer goggles people, we're playing like ass.
Completely blew his assignment on the second Anaheim goal
What did CHP get you for? They're everywhere right now!
You're right, Hertl should have showed mercy instead of tucking that empty netter.
Probably shouldn't have counted, but that's why you play to the whistle!
I totally forgot the announcer said that. Wow
My ass has actually developed an instinctual clenching reaction for whenever Jones tries to play the puck.
I just can't get over how freaking incredible Tomorrowland looks. EDC is cool, and it's probably the best festival we have here in the states, but it doesn't even compare to Tomorrowland. It's in a league of it's own
It's our top 6. We simply need another elite player on the first or second line. If you watch our losses against top quality opponents this year (namely the Toronto and Winnipeg games) you'll notice a trend: we are getting outplayed by opposing teams 1st and 2nd lines. We need someone who can bury good chances when we get them and help us pull away in those tight contests where the difference between the winners and losers is which team has the players who can come in clutch.
The puck deflected up into the netting after Karlsson's shot. Ref didn't see it
I'll take the win but it's hard to feel too happy after we gave up 4 goals. Should have blown them out :|
41-15 tho
Either way, that's a giveaway by Vlasic in a crucial situation. He has to make a better play there
McDavid to the Leafs would end everything
Yeah we do that
Restrict the number of 4/5 star players allowed in one recruiting class. It would help distribute the talent so that there's more parity throughout college football. I, for one, am pretty god damn tired of seeing these Clemson/Alabama NFL farm teams stomping everybody in their paths. It's made CFB pretty damn boring. Most everyone I know feels the same way and hardly even pays attention anymore. It's definitely hurting the sport and something needs to be done otherwise I really don't see anyone other than usual Bama, Clemson, Georgia, or Ohio State dynasties running the table year after year.
You only say this because you're just some dude on Reddit, not some guy who is shredded from head to toe with muscle and is constantly brimming with testosterone. At the end of the day, you just have no perspective on the type of recklessness it takes to play football - especially at the NFL level - and saying that we shouldn't be celebrating hard hits is disrespectful and inconsiderate of the type of courage it takes to play this sport. Long story short, you're too soft to say something like this.
I honestly foresee this as being the most under attended natty game of all time. Thousands of miles away from both schools, boring matchup that we've already seen three times, and a very expensive travel destination. It's gonna be bad.
I spent a year in undergrad at SDSU and getting shitfaced on the train to Qualcomm was the funnest pregame tradition ever. I miss those days.
We'd probably care more if there was even a glimmer of parity in CFB. Who the fuck cares about seeing Clemson/Alabama for the fourth fucking time in four years? At this rate, it won't be long until there isn't anybody who cares about CFB
Vlasic/EK65, probably one of our 2nd/3rd liners like Donskoi or Labanc, and a bundle of picks.
&gt; The vast majority of college players aren't there to play school, they're there to get a degree while also playing a game that they love. Limiting recruits to a school goes directly against the basic tenets of schooling. C'mon Tulane, that's stupid as fuck. No one would be getting "denied" an education... they could just go to one of the other 119 schools with a division 1 football program lol. I guarantee you that no one at that Alabama football roster is there to get a degree from the historically prestigious University of Alabama lmfao how dense can you possibly be?? At the end of the day, your argument is ridiculous. There are plenty of institutions for these athletes to choose from if one school already happens to have a full slate of 4/5 stars. On top of that, the schools would be getting players who truly value playing for their programs, as they would be the ones who commit first before they've exceeded their four/five star limit. Just seems like it would make college football more meaningful for both the players and the fans.
I could see it tbh. We really need a 1C more than anything else atm. If we sign EK early, he immediately becomes a very alluring centerpiece in a trade.
I think this is only true if you're playing at the college/pro level. The contact just isn't hard enough in high school/youth to actually be dangerous. There's so much misinformation out there right now because all of these studies are being done on college/NFL players, where the game truly *is* dangerous given the sheer size and strength of the players.
&gt; If you live in Wyoming and they’re above the threshold of recruits and you don’t have the money to travel between your town and an out-of-State university, good luck going to college. Or shit, you’re an 18 year old with no agency and your parents refuse to pay for funds related to school if you don’t go to University XYZ. I've reread this a few times now and maybe I'm still missing something, but I'm really not seeing your point here. Travel expenses are paid for by the university. They'll fly you out on move-in day no problem. Are you trying to say that redistributing the 4/5 stars to more schools like Wyoming would maybe prevent a 1/2 star kid from playing there? Perhaps, but even then, there would still be plenty of other schools who would take that kid if they still have unused scholarships available. And, if there really aren't any other schools willing to give that player a chance, maybe the kid wasn't meant to be playing division 1 football to begin with. There's a reason division 2 and division 3 schools have football programs you know... &gt; Second of all, 98% of NCAA athletes know they’re not going pro and work for a degree , even if they’re starting on Bama’s roster. The 2% who don’t pursue this are idiots. Also Alabama isn’t some school for dumb people that nobody would ever go for anything other than football, a degree from there is plenty prestigious. I get what you're saying, but contrary to your point here, I still hold that a lot of the players crowding a roster like Bama or Clemson really don't give two shits about education. They're just there because they know these schools offer the best shot at making it to the pros. So really, the current system boxes out athletes who might actually want to pursue a degree specifically at Alabama or one of the other dynasties. As I said in my previous post, it would make it so the 4/5 star kids who really want to go to that *school* will commit earlier, while the ones who are undecided near signing day will maybe have to choose from a list of similarly prestigious schools who haven't met their 4/5 star recruit maximum which thereby would distribute the talent to other programs who would otherwise stand no chance at competing with the true blue blood dynasties like Clemson/Bama. The current system makes it less about playing for your school, and more about playing for a shot at a national championship and the attention of NFL scouts. I just can't foresee anyone getting "denied" an education under my proposed system. There are more than enough division 1 schools to accept the amount of recruits in any given class, so really all it would do is help distribute the talent in a way that would make the sport much more enjoyable for the fans to watch. Does this make sense now? I'm not trying to come off as a dick, I just want you and other people to see my point and recognize the potential of such a system. I really think the top-heavy nature of college football is a problem that is never gonna resolve itself, so the NCAA needs to revamp this thing from the ground up. That all starts with limiting the power of these dynasties via recruiting reform.
I mean I just don't see how the NCAA can save their product if they continue to allow these dynasties to reload every year. There's no incentive for these recruits to commit elsewhere, so we'll continue to get Clemson/Bama in the CFB and natty until something changes.
Yeah unfortunately it would be really hard to plan on such short notice. Maybe just having it at the same venue each year, ideally somewhere near the center of the country, would be the best option.
That's not fucking true at all but ok lmao All I'm really saying is that if this season doesn't pan out to you guys, I could see your GM going into sell mode. It probably won't be us that gets either of them, but I could see them getting traded.
All good buddy. I really agree with your last point here. That's all I want; if we could find a way to make the talent somewhat more evenly distributed amongst the blue bloods, it would instantly become 10x funner to watch. With all the talent concentrated at Clemson, Bama, and Georgia right now, it's basically become the Warriors/Cavs of football. I'm just real tired of not being able to enjoy what used to be my favorite sport.
I'm not really sure, but I assume these programs would be relatively flexible about that sort of thing. So much of the booster money goes to funding travel expenses; I'd be really surprised if they wouldn't help a kid out if he was dealing with a family emergency.
Pitt's winning the battle at the LOS
You've done it again, internet
Are these receivers just totally incapable of making big plays or something? Even though tix were like $20, I'm glad I decided against going to this game.
Part of what problem?
I would go for it here, but Shaw's gonna Shaw
I have no idea if that was a catch or not
Well we did it I guess
"As you can tell by the 13 points on the Pitt side of the scoreboard, they totally controlled the game for 3 quarters"
GG Pitt bros
WTF TOUCHDOWNS STILL EXIST??
They're fucking ridiculous lol
Yeah I think the Oregon cheerleaders take the W
This is too fucking riveting for me
Playing defense is part of hockey. If he scored 8 glitch goals on you why didn't you just go do the same to him?
It's sad that you have to use your alt account to back you up on all of your shitty "chirps" if you can even call them that. It's hilarious that you're *still* crying about blowing a 3-1 series lead. I can only imagine what a blubbering mess you must have been as you watched a 3-0 lead dissipate before your eyes while the Sharks scored *four* goals on one powerplay lmao
Remember that the Blues haven't won a Cup in 52 years and the Knights blew a 3-1 series lead and allowed four goals on one powerplay. You're pathetic, OP. Sharks are 10x the franchise the Knights will ever be.
Talk to me when your team is known for something other than being gift-wrapped a Cup contending team and blowing a 3-0 lead with ten minutes left in game 7 lol.
Also a lifelong-but-now-former-Raiders fan here. Yeah, I root for the Niners now.
My question is how have none of these NBA games topped any of those? Thought it was just as popular as the NFL at this point and it sure as hell is more popular than the NHL.
I agree. In my experience the NBA is just a chore to watch.
Yeah it just doesn't feel like the same level of competitiveness to me. Like, you'd never see the type of hatred you get in r/hockey gamethreads over in r/NBA lmao.
True. That team needs scoring talent and if they play their cards right in the next few drafts/free agency cycles their top 6 would be looking pretty good.
Haha yeah that's the contract I was using to gauge his value. They're really similar players as far as point production goes. Idk, I'll probably be wrong like I am with most of my sports predictions but this just seems like an exorbitantly high price to pay for a 50-60 point player.
People sometimes forget that Kane is a god
They literally just decolorized the picture of the original uniforms.
I thought Draisaitl at 8 was a good deal. Centers are the most valuable players in the league and Edmonton securing Drai makes for a lethal one-two combo with McDavid.
Have you seen any recluses? Heard those are pretty dangerous.
I personally want to see Portland and Milwaukee get teams.
You absolutely should have MLB and NHL teams. I've seen how nuts Timbers fans are and I feel like an NHL team would have a similar following.
I've never seen this before but it's undoubtedly one of the greatest pastas of all time.
Surely he will be a great fit with the rest of the guys in prison.
No u
But that would imply that he wasn't already a heaping pile of dog shit to begin with, which would be inaccurate.
He's the Russian version of Johnny Bravo
They have to waive it. Didn't Neal waive his when Vegas picked him up?
I appreciate the encouragement my man! Go Raiders!
Stanford is worse.
Oklahoma drill getting banned is fucking blasphemous. Dear god, please don't do this to the game I love.
They're literally in the Stanley Cup Final
The unpredictability of the NHL is what sets it apart from other leagues. No team is safe from the hockey gods.
[You're a disgrace to Sharks fans](https://www.reddit.com/r/SanJoseSharks/comments/be3vlp/if_you_have_game_5_tickets_dont_go/) Fuck outta here.
The amount of emotion packed into one season of hockey is unbelievable. The only other sports that have this type of passion are college football and European soccer.
Fuckin' right, Melo.
Someone is testing bombs. Big ones at that.
This guy trench coats.
BIG DONG DOUG STRIKES AGAIN!!!
Remember when the Sharks swept the Ducks?
As long as we stay healthy, we're like one physical, stay at home defensemen away from being a lock for the Cup imo.
I think we find a way to sign Meier but Labanc's negotiating rights could end up being traded for a high round pick because we kinda need those rn.
For sure, but it feels like that was the missing piece to the puzzle last year and we still got damn near close to winning it all.
My chemistry is shit. The highest it's ever been at is 73. And I have a few players with a pretty high poise rating (Rantanen is a 91, Scheifele is an 86, Ryan is an 85, Schenn is an 85) but I could definitely use another guy in a high 80's/90's. I'm thinking of trading Nyquist because he only has an 80 poise, but his other ratings are so good and adding power forwards and two way forwards to my top 6 always seems to kill my scoring.
I had Blake Wheeler (power forward) and Brendan Gallagher (two way forward) on my first and second lines and it totally killed my scoring. I read some guides that say you should only have playmakers and snipers in your top 6 but idk if that's true.
Toews and Bergeron are both high 80 overall ratings yeah? I'd probably use them as your 1C but maybe u/Makchete here has some different advice.
I saw someone in a thread here the other day joking about how EA will probably sell out to doing battle royale before they ever attempt to improve single player. Wow... just, wow...
Until then you have nothing to brag about lol. I mean it took 52 years for the Blues just to win one *game* in the Stanley Cup Finals. Yikes.
You're right about the penalty frequency slider, it definitely effects the sim. I've personally always seen good results with it tuned to 3/4. I tried testing 4/4 the other day and some AI teams were getting like 350 PP's in a season. On 3/4 the most you see is around 240-260 which is a lot more realistic. That's interesting that icing and offsides would effect the sim for you. I'll try doing a test by simming through a season with and without them to see how the results vary.
Damn he's gonna fuck us up someday.
I go to school in the Bay and I've met a ton of kids who are exactly like this.
This has got that vintage feel to it though. This is the good shit right here.
Same. It's just an ugly looking number to wear on a jersey.
Nah they won't put Heed with EK65. They're both righties and Heed is *barely* good enough to crack the lineup.
That's not very cash money of them.
Hedi is my favorite color guy. Met him once up near the camera booth and he is the nicest dude you will ever talk to.
They do... but so do we
Can't lose to the worst team in the league if you are the worst team in the league
Honestly, one of the worst hockey teams I've seen in the last decade. Can't string together more than two passes in a row without bobbling the puck, passing into the skates, etc. Can't stay on pucks in the offensive zone. No one skilled or confident enough to stickhandle their way into the zone. Nobody with the courage to drive the net and get to dangerous scoring areas. Then there's defense. Karlsson and Vlasic play way too many minutes to be as soft as they are in front of our own net. Burns is a god damned tire fire these days. Guys like Hertl, Meier, Kane, Labanc, and Thornton are pedestrians in our own end. Team in general is just soft and plays with no sense of purpose. I don't think most people understand just how utterly shit this years Sharks team is. If you watched that 2016-2017 Avs team, they're comparable to that.
We are one of the worst teams of the decade and we're only going to get worse in the upcoming years. Just end me.
Hands down the best Winter Classic I've watched. Ice was perfect, atmosphere was insane, and the game itself was super intense and fast-paced. Definitely exceeded my expectations for this matchup.
We didn't pick up Nyquist in free agency we traded for him at the deadline last season.
Talk to me when it's taken us 52 years to win one lol
Not the greatest pass from Ferraro, but Meier needs to chip that puck clear of the zone.
BOOM! What a snipe from Cooch. Great awareness by Patty picking that pass too
Why do Southerners talk crap about the Rose Bowl? Do they think it's a communist tradition or something?
Dell is actually a legit starting goalie don't @ me
Yeah there are too many useless game modes cluttering the home menu. My eyes just automatically pass over those. They need to have a simple interface with online versus, drop in 3's, EASHL, and HUT.
Wat
Simek being in the lineup is huge because without him Karlsson and Burns have to play like 27 mins a night and can't be as effective as we need them to be.
She's a lot bigger than she looks on camera
We just got shut out by them lmao
Holy fuck I slept through the entire game! Thought it was a 4 pm start. Dammit, stoked to see we got a dub though, especially against a CBJ team who we tend not to play well against. Tomorrow will be a huge chance to make a statement against a very good Caps team.
Dude you are really fucking good at drawing wow
Fuck Martin Jones. Can’t fucking believe Doug Wilson is paying this fucker $6 million a year. We win that game with literally any other goalie in net. Fuck fuck fuck I’m fucking mad
https://youtu.be/lzHsxvJ-kv0
Fuck Martin Jones and fuck my entire life
2nd hatty of the year for Kane
You’re absolutely right, but still, make a fucking save. ANY other goalie would find a way to come up big and win that game for his team. Jones had a chance to show that he can still be clutch for us and he fucking blew it, simple as that.
Doesn’t matter. You need him to come up big on at least one of those. That’s the difference between the good teams and the great teams.
This team is absolutely spineless
Welp, pack it up boys, season’s over.
I assure you no one is doing this
We’re about to be what the Ducks have been for the last few years.
Not a huge downgrade but we could have had Barzal instead of Meier
Everything that could have possibly gone wrong for us this season has gone wrong. Fuck my life
Tavares is the most overrated player in the league
Will we ever get realistic puck physics??
Rinne just scored an empty netter in the Hawks/Preds game lol
I feel like both teams are skating fast but have no idea where they’re supposed to be going
FUCK YEAH! What a great sequence of possession and puck movement!
Shitty play by Burns and Dell there. Please don’t fucking blow this
Not a hot take, that’s exactly what happened
Not really. Dell should have passed behind him into the vacant corner where there was no danger. He tried to force it to Burns who was smothered by defenders, Burns panicked in the face of pressure which I can’t really blame him for, and boom, now it’s 2-1.
Same. Just really solid hockey all night long from the Sharks!
Absolutely ridiculous. What a goal
Holy shit he got crushed
Most legendary set ever imo. Changed the entire course of EDM and really helped solidify big room as the top genre at the time.
E
I better hear some thunderous “Joe Pavelski” chants during the tribute tonight. Don’t let me down, Sharks fans.
That whole segment was cringe and came off as oddly racist tbh
I mean we could just see field goals all day
I 100% guarantee the Niners are going to lose this game.
Yeah we’re 100% gonna choke
Lol chill bro
“I’m not just here to be the token female” -Token Female
What does that comment have to do with me being strong or being a man? Triggered much?
Niners starting to have their way
Fucking terrible punt
I don’t cry but that made tears come out of my face
Just a *little* bit high there lmao
Burns with a deflection goal. What a time to be alive
Easily
Pavs and the shirsey giveaway
Our ice is always terrible
Knights down 3-0 to the BJ’s with 3 mins left in the third lmaooo
Lmao please stop talking
I miss the big surly looking Slovakian. Dude is honestly so underrated
Shitty attempt at clickbaiting
Ah I remember my first game at the Shark tank
Whatever virgin. Also, fuck Jeremy Roenick
Daddy! 😩
Not top titty, more like medium titty
Eh, he’s on the ice so much every night that he’s naturally going to make more mistakes than most others. He’s actually really sound in the defensive zone like 95% of the time. Fans just tend to nitpick mistakes and don’t acknowledge all the little things he does to help the team since a) they aren’t necessarily flashy and b) he doesn’t score very many goals. As someone who played defense my whole life growing up, Karlsson is easily the most talented player on the roster and doesn’t get even close to the amount of credit he should be getting from our fan base. It’s sad to read a lot of the comments on here because clearly some folks just don’t quite understand the nuances of hockey well enough to accurately assess his abilities.
They really need to figure out a way to schedule the Cuda on separate days. It’s a bad look for us tbh
Actually?
Whoa, 72 overall is insanely good for a goalie fresh out of the draft. Most of the goalies I’ve seen drafted are 50-60 overall even if they are elite potential.
Huh, somehow that flew under my radar. Was he missing practices, games, etc. because of it or was it more just effecting his personal life?
Those are insanely sick. Anyone know where they’re selling those?
Honestly one of the best skaters I’ve ever seen at his age
Problem is that the level of raw talent on this team isn’t even close to what St. Louis had last year. It’s even worse now that Cooch is out but hey, it’s hockey, anything can happen.
Ah, bummer. Would totally snag one if they sold them at the Sharks store.
Lets make these desert dogs our bitches tonight. Go Sharks!
Good pace to the game so far but we need to start tying up sticks and laying the body on them. Seeing too much open ice in our zone
Would like Dell to come up big there but damn what a snipe
Yo Vegas, your GM is a fucking idiot.
So basically like the Sharks last year. No wonder they hired DeBoer!
This is some shit one of the AI teams would pull in NHL 20 franchise Mode. Vegas GM is a fucking moron.
As someone living in the Bay Area (where Harris is from), I’m curious to hear how Bama fans feel about Harris. Coming out of high school, this guy was hyped up like crazy. Lots of people thought he was gonna be the next Adrian Peterson, but it seems like he has mostly flown under the radar. Do you guys think he’s lived up to the hype or has he been a bust?
I’d love to see the Winter Classic and the All Star game added to franchise mode. No idea why it doesn’t already have both tbh
Oh god these are awful
Gonna be a yikes from me dawg
You know we’ve only had this goal song for like 4 years right?
I would rather they just give us a goal song that allows fans to chant along with it. Something like the Rangers goal horn would be sick.
The 25 year limit is absurd. I should be able to sim all the way to the next millennium if I please.
How the hell do we only have 4 fewer wins than the Avs?
Sometimes it’s hard to believe that this game was made by a team of professional developers. Such a huge “fuck you” to all the people who spend hours of their lives grinding away on franchise and BAP mode only to be greeted by this lazy ass bullshit.
I think so, but it’s hard to judge a goalie who plays behind this defense.
I feel like firing DW after two bad seasons would be a huge knee-jerk reaction. This is a guy who has proven he can assemble a winning roster in the NHL. Did he dig us into a hole with these contracts? Sure. But he did it in order to give us a legitimate chance at winning a Cup and we got damn near close to winning one under his teams. DW is a smart GM, and I trust that he would get us in a position to start winning again sooner than most other GM’s out there. I think we should let him rebuild it from the ground up. Give him some earlier draft picks to work with and let him find our next Jumbo/Pavelski/Couture.
Excellent take. There’s simply not enough raw talent in our forward group. Need a strong right handed shot in the top 6 and some more guys in the bottom 6 who can skate, produce offense, and hit people.
I agree, and honestly, I’m fine with it. I know it’s a tough take, but this group just didn’t quite have what it takes to go all the way in this league. We were always good, but never the best. Let DW learn from his mistakes. Let him build it from the ground up and find a core group of guys who he thinks will give us a legit shot at winning the Cup.
Figured it was only a matter of time with all the other sports streaming subs getting shut down.
I’ve tested this. Changing player type will change which attributes develop the most. For example, the passing attribute will grow faster and higher for playmakers, TWF’s will develop a better defensive awareness rating, Snipers will see more growth in their shooting attributes, and so on.
No problem. And no, there’s no downside to changing player type that I’ve noticed. Just make sure that a player has attributes that match the player type you’re going to choose.
I just hope we score a goal tonight
So how many miracle comebacks are the Caps gonna pull off this season? There was Canucks earlier this year, the Sharks, now the Islanders. Any others that I’m missing?
I could give you 4 variations of it in 5 minutes
What can you say? We’re just on a whole different level than everyone else this year 🤷‍♂️
Lets goooo
I’m starting to think the Sharks might be entering a rebuild.
Rooting for the Knights as a Sharks fan is absolute blasphemy
The EK65 contract was the nail in the coffin but the Burns, Vlasic, and Jones contracts are weighing us down much more than his imo. We’ll see if DW finds a way to move one of them. If not, could be a rough few years for us.
I didn’t downvote you dude! I appreciate you trying to stay positive in the wake of this abysmal season
We are the Red Wings without the Cups to look back on
That’s been the strategy for the last ten years. Hasn’t worked out too well for us
WERE GOING TO THE SUPER BOWL BABYYYY
Fitting that the Packers defense looks like Swiss cheese
**WOOOOOOOOOOOO**
This team is about to be a dynasty
I mean Sharks/Knights game 7 had everything this game had except it was all done in a 5 minute span. It’s objectively a much better game than Leafs/Bruins game 7 but I get it, gotta appease the original six traditionalists.
Top line should consist of 2 snipers and a playmaker. At least two of them should be 90+ overall and the other should be 88 at the minimum. I’ve used that formula for years and have had many players put up 100+ points.
Ferraro? Fuck no. The way I see it, we need to dump one of our big defensemen contracts if we want to build a competitive forward core. So one of Burns, Karlsson, or Vlasic.
Would you fire the GM who only missed playoffs twice since 2003?
We could only trade him to a team that has Cap space and prospects/picks to give us, AKA the Islanders.
He won’t get traded. I doubt any team would want him
Beard obstructing his vision.
I think losing Cooch has revealed just how thin we are at forward. Gonna need a few seasons to stock up on prospects who can make an impact up front because this roster ain’t winning shit.
Yep and it’s way better that way.
He’s the enforcer and the flames represent the fact that he’s a hot-headed guy.
He was overrated, plain and simple. He’s too small, gets knocked off the puck easily, shies away from plays along the boards (scared of getting hit), skates with his head down and tends to miss open passes because of it, and honestly doesn’t look very shifty for a guy of his stature. Too early to call him a total bust for sure, but from the games I’ve watched it certainly doesn’t look like he should have been the #1 overall pick.
So much this. Then there’s the classic “I see you aiming at the guy wide open for a one timer but nah you meant to pass to the other guy 50 feet behind him didn’t you?”
Honestly the 2 keys to playing defense in NHL 20 are abusing L2 (so that you stay square to the puck and can block shots) and using hit stick whenever you get within reach of the puck carrier because checking is super OP this year. Don’t ever chase an attacker to the boards or behind the net if you’re controlling a defenseman. I see shitty players do it all the time and it opens up a huge lane in the middle of the ice for an easy goal. I recommend playing as the center while in the d-zone, staying camped near the front of the goal, and hit sticking the opposing player whenever he tries to skate into the slot.
Needs more red circles and arrows pointing at obvious things.
Hmmm kind of looks like the Bruins jerseys.
Gotta love a guy willing to sign at a discount to help the team win.
DICK TRICK!
Ah yes, we’re the insufferable ones.
Lol I would think after getting swept by us you’d learn your place and shut the fuck up.
That’s my dad!
I expected Manning forehead
Really? That’s corny as hell. Sounds like the name of a minor league roller derby team.
Yeah because that last sentence doesn’t seem opinionated at all. I just hope the guy can get some help.
Nah we just don’t have enough talent rn
Look at this guy acting like he has the right to talk shit when his team hasn’t even made playoffs in 5 years lol
This is nightmare.
The curse of the hand pass is no fucking joke. Fuck this season.
