You and everybody else that keys in one bad word about their leader and they blackball you.
I went through these comments on this subreddit and now I don't have to do my Duolingo Spanish 20 minutes today. I know some dirty words in Spanish too!!
It almost sounds a little like Watergate and the break in that brought the president down. It can't happen too soon now.
Yeah. They just walk through central America and Mexico with kids and nothing else just for the pure hell of wanting to hang out in America cuz they got nothing else to do. Got it.
Cohen as quite a story to tell. Someone will write the story of the 45th President and it will be unbelievable.
It is a mess. There's a story in there somewhere but so many actors it reads like a Russian novel..(No pun intended).
I've read and watched quite a bit of info about what Mueller is preparing to expose soon but it still seems difficult to believe that Trump would have been so confident that his hustle to be both key player in Oligarch world power and president is hard to fathom. This is Nixon times 20.
Technically wouldn’t you?
Its Watergate after Viagra.
Oh this should be good.
Woodward writes about him in "Fear'. He's way out on a limb and Gary Cohn tried to stop his enabling Trump.
He reflects badly on America in general. 8 years repub and what they do and then Dems come in and its all changed around and now this one is tearing American Democracy up in shreds. I"d trade elsewhere if I was another country. Can't depend on US anymore.
Trump returns to swamp and its caught fire. Trump is in a very bad mood right now.
Actually I'm kind of happy Kelly is still around. I hear he's leaving soon but I hope he stays. He's not one of Trump's ass kissers.
When I think of a broadway play about the Trump Presidency, I think Sweeny Todd.
Trump was not swaggering and pushing people around this time. He looked pissed off and tired and haggard in all the photos. One could see him in the background looking dejected when MBS and Vlad high 5'd each other. I think from this one can make a fair calculation that all is not well with Trump's presidency right now and Vlad has found another political amour in MBS.
I'm sure he's regretting it now too.
I think she is pretty cool
Just don't run Hillary in 2020
Bush-Style Grace?: He started it. Willie Horton.
He should have been fired.
Have Senator Cindy sit in between Senators Duckworth and Senator Gillibrand. YeeHaw!
And widdo trolls fly to the moon...…………...bye widdo troll.
Its amazing. People around here all talk Jesus, put Christian icons and bible passages on their websites and FB pages and greet each other like the fucking apostles would have and then will steal the shirt off your back if you let them.
He most probably wanted to show the Bush's that "See, See where I am? See me getting out of the limo with all the SS around and the motorcade behind me, see Bush's!! I made it to the top, I'm king of the World!!!". Problem is too, like last year in Brussels, he can't walk too far with that corset squeezing the living shit out of his stomach. He is getting more fat and bloated by the day. He wears a corset when he is in the public eye. It makes him look like a jacked up Jake LaMotta looking piece of shit.
And Hillary was one of the contributing factors to his election. So many people detested her and voted for Mango just to spite Hillary.
Because as old Bush said in so many vids I watched this week, (and I'm paraphrasing), "politics today is different from politics when I was a president. We talked to each other then. Our families lived in Washington and we as peers, played golf, drank cocktails, joked with each other. Not now. There is too much hate that all began when my campaign guy Lee Atwater made the Willie Horton commercial".
Yes!
Their lying seems to be pointless. All you gotta do is look at MBS. He looks like the perfect movie villain and the high five he did with Putin sure cemented that fact.
Hatred for a black president was one thing but I think Hillary's candidacy by the Dems probably was the single most important factor to his election.
Daddies widdo girl is back there. Can’t wait to see her in prison orange.
Mueller is the swamp Santa Claus and “he alone” can fix the swamp thing now.
You’ve never been a fan of Disney animations have you?
That’s what bob Woodward says as well
He may be wanting to be president after this guy is out. If trump could pull it off then why can’t he IMHO.
Maureen Dowd is a columnist for the NYT and has been for many years. She has written about women’s issues and several books on that same subject. She is widely read. She is no hack. She is a success.
Do you use a diaper or something while he is inside? Chickens are poop machines.
So perfect and so beautiful
It always seems especially good in hot weather
You wouldn’t do that if you had my family. They can pound a salad bowl of corn chips in a mere heartbeat.
Yes but the similarities in HOW they both manipulate and con the stupid is scarily similar.
Yes. And over the winter, I'm going to go back over it and read it all again. I think its a little confusing the first time so the 2nd time around and after making a ton of mistakes, I should be able to get more out of it this time.
Yes. I will get one. Thanks. I will save this.
I found after a very humid summer that it was really difficult to keep the humidity level down in the grow tent. I kept adding fans and vented through the openings during the day. But still the humidity indicator I had kept showing humidity levels higher than they should be in my notes. I had the tent on the ground level of the house because the heat upstairs even with an a/c would have been too much I think for the plants. Its difficult to get ideal growing conditions in a home. They always seem so much happier outside. Thanks for advice. My notebook/calendar is covered in notes and figures. :)
Repubs are not confident in their record. So they cheat.
They get sued.
Thanks. Hoping my next season will be a better one. The weed I grew indoors was good but might have been better with more understanding of the nutrients and their effects on the plant.
The author does not seem to be downplaying climage change as much as saying their are few viable solutions to the problem. IMHO both sides of the aisle HAVE TO SIT DOWN with experts on this and come up with solutions rather than arguing about it. Its so Jonathan Swiftish to be arguing about the very thing that will destroy us.
Just got in from outside where its way below freezing, snow covered and the ground is still soaking wet from all the rain all summer and fall. I don't know quite what you are getting at but sooner or later these geniuses that run this govt have got to do something about it rather than argue about costs and effectiveness. Just do it.
He probably can't speak very well because he's wearing a corset that squeezes his middle so he can get into the pants and jacket he's wearing. problem is, he can't breath or fart too well in them which makes him look very "plugged".
IMHO, Its just his narcissism and infantile world view on display.
Whatever we will be paying for his learning disability and stupidity for years to come.
I'm finishing up "Fear" by B Woodward and the author doesn't come right out and say it but from the scenarios he writes about, it does seem that Trump does not spend anytime going over documents. He yells out orders like someone screaming orders during a battle. Everything is impulsive. He sure likes signing stuff though even if he can't understand it. He just signs it.
Keep those paychecks coming boss.
Also in "Fear“. Woodward’s book, he forgets documents he wants to sign. His aids take docs off his table that are crazy and he pretty much forgets about them. But his extreme self loving is something that I find horrifying. How anyone at 72 can be so childishly focused on his own perfection is very weird to me.
I like "Individual 1" It has so much more a stronger sounding name than his name calling best of collection including Crooked Hillary, Sloppy Steve, little Marco. I am so sick of his dumbassed name calling.
Perhaps the type of saw or acid to use. I wouldn't put Kushner to far above that.
I feel like the USA's roof is caving in.
I don’t even bother making pancakes. I just pour the discard into hot cast iron skillet swished with bacon or sausage grease and put a lid on it. Turn in a few minutes and cook the other side.
Gun issues aside, I am still wondering if she had a breakdown.
The more I read about weed industry I hope the powers that be will allow home growing. This $$ view of weed makes me scaredid
They said the same on PBS Washington week. But I’m still worried
I really think its a very deep secret.
I'll try that. Thank you.
I read it that he came out. Oh well.
I've wondered a lot if Trump will resign later next year. Having read "Fear" which I think gives a very accurate portrayal of Trump in the WH, if someone could persuade him to resign and that it would be to HIS benefit to resign. For Trump its about him, his money and his family. Make him a deal he can't refuse and he'll follow it.
that would be none other than Trump himself then.
At this stage, do you flush her? Mine are about like your girl. I’m figuring end of this month so I flushed yesterday
Thanks. Maybe I'll try hydro next time around.
That’s what you become in hell
Your going to jail Jared. Don't try to act like a peace broker.
I totally agree. I didn't always agree with him and I always felt he sold his soul to Wall Street but he was a good president.
Then according to you, Walter Cronkite should have kept his mouth shut about the Vietnam war instead of speaking out against the futility of waging a war without an achievable end.
Care to substantiate that?
Maybe start with you. Have Don jr use ya for target practice. He’s a bad shot I hear
Very obvious blonde woman has serious anger issues.
President trump would like to find her and hire her as his replacement for John Kelly
Jeez. I gotta copy paste this and reply it to the nice American guy who says the civil war is soon and Donny jr is going to lead the charge and defend daddy against lib assholes like me.
Hate to say this but that looks remarkably like the urinals used by guys in flights both in ww1 and ww2 during combat sorties.
Trump will unleash the next American civil war against “libs” wherever they may be. As soon as he gets in a few more golf games, eats a few more fried chicken dinner and chocolate cake, watches some more tv and bangs his blow up doll a few more times. He’ll get around to it.
Were the 10 terrorists they got at the border butterfly collectors?
Trump has done this stuff before. He bulldozed or tried to bulldoze sand dunes on beaches near his golf course in Scotland. Not sure why.
He just liked to f__k. He did it with out emotion or caring anything about the women he was with. As soon as he finished, he left the room. He was otherwise a good father to her kids and they genuinely seemed to love each other. She adored him.
Better yet. If you have Netflix. Check out Babylon Berlin I think the 3rd or forth episode when the investigator takes a plane ride to photograph a suspected airport in Russia. They use the urinals to vomit into during a rocky plane flight.
That was funny. She's sitting on a veranda in her white colonial clothes and the pith helmet on the table. She looks like something out of "Out Of Africa'. She is a pathetic joke.
And he is Jewish. His family has spoken out against what he is doing.
Scott Walker? maybe with the right amount of karma, he'll stand in the path of a raging buffalo stampede.
Scotty Walker!!!
Is he going to ride out on the horse he rode in on? [https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xEhfJbSMwsM](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xEhfJbSMwsM)
Method acting made famous in 50s to get away from traditional theater acting
A child of the corn goes to a leather bar.
Yes. pour the hot soup all over Trumpie's ugly head.
that has to be from the 90's. A lot has changed.
She's as boring as old rotting wood.
Time has a way of changing things "bigly".
Mine still has its LEDs glowing and awaiting santa and the little elves.
Well not if you are growing the seeds. It takes a lot of time, money into nutes, good composted organic planting material, taking time to water when needed. Its a shitload of work and hassle so no..OP is not petty and greedy.
I saw a video yesterday showing a non profit showing some desert dwellers how to make cute little adobe houses out of empty plastic bottles filled with dirt and then painted over with adobe stuff. They looked so cute and the starving natives just were loving them. Maybe Trump could get us to collect a go-zillion empty plastic bottles and make an adobe wall that would look so fabulous and it wouldn't cost much and help save the environment. I mean its a win win!!!
Replace with Bernie. Medicare for all. Education for all. Make America a better place.
Well you can tell because it has crayon marks on it.
Trump will nominate himself as SC justice to avoid the law.
They always gotta push that old chewed up toy right into your face. :) &amp;#x200B;
Yeah.. Like everything Mango does.
At last!
??? (I respect your right to prefer this stuff but ??).
It’s done in the sense do you want it rare or medium or well done couch lock. It should be smelly and flushed out good.
Hope he was ok
He looks like a 1990s Ralph Lauren ad.
Would the yield be low? There are no clusters. It looks like a big snapdragon.
There is a picture on [CNN.com](https://CNN.com) right now of Trump with his hands wrapped around him like he has a restraining jacket on.
He's a good used car saleman. He can sling the shit like a car salesman. And so many believed him.
I have never tried pure sativa although this post has got me interested in trying to grow that. I’m just saying that if you grow over time you figure out what to look for or what you like based on experience and experimentation and preference.
Just checked in. Are we fucked yet?
Back then guys used this really thick goop to style their hair and make it look shiny. It gave the original meaning to 'Sculpted hair'. Very good work!
Rammstein. I have a bunch of their lyrics on my anki cards.
"I am Stephen Miller", Thunderclap. [https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hs5j8uUR2nc](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hs5j8uUR2nc)
I've been hearing resignation from all directions. But you are right. Trump is so boneheaded stupid he might resist. Maybe he'll start kneeling and praying in front of the White House portraits like ol' Nixon did.
I think one of the wings just came off of the Trump plane.
Wasn't that about the time old Sphinx-face wife of his went off to the border dentention centers wearing a jacket that said "I just don't care, do you?" Donnie gave her the jacket. &amp;#x200B;
Rob Blagoyovich
Oh thank Christ! We are saved!
We need Jared and Barbie Doll right now!!! They will make him understand.
Its No wall no Christmas
Watch "Dark" on Netflix. Maybe we can all go back to 1983 and fix everything.
Time for more rallies Donnie. Gotta get that tool up before the new year begins.
Why do ad vids show up before the actual vid and have a pause button on them but when you go to hit the pause button, it disappears and sometimes you get punished because then you gotta watch the whole damned ad again.
That's it.
Time for a rally Trumpie.
I think he's in for a real rough period starting early January. President is crazy and the dems are out for his blood.
I’d give it a little longer.
That’s the National Geographic of cannabis life cycle
I just did 100% whole wheat using some very rough cut wheat it wasn’t real pretty and came out kind of block like looking. But the sourdough starter gave it a great taste. I’m loving it.
This is getting to be such a drStrangelove/Network story. I hope we all live to see the Netflix version of this.
He got pissed because mattis’s letter was being so widely read and then he found our Mattis was critical of his foreign policies and got even more pissed and so he kicked him out. Classy.
I keep thinking “American horror story”. Jessica Lang can play trump’s mother who still lives in his head.
"I alone can fix it"! Bullshit. Merry Christmas.
They look delicious. But I always remember this crime story a few years back where a woman murdered her husband and in order to dispose of his carcass, served him up in her empanadas.
Merry Christmas Asher you handsome devil.
May the ghost of Christmas present visit you with a happy high.
I hope he can sucker punch the next fucking poacher after gorilla body parts to send to china.
There is a story there somewhere. His face almost reflects tragedy.
That's some bad karma.
That little Guatemalan boy that died on Christmas morning is really going to make her coming week a living hell.
I just hope that karma you speak of does not affect the entire country.
They gave him some antibiotics and ibuprophen and sent him back to his dad and on to another detention center. Yup they really tried hard.
Millions of innocents vs an 8 year old innocent boy. Perhaps ask yourself sometime today (if you want to be completely honest with yourself) what is the difference? Does death fit into a math problem? If we have come to comparing the value of life as 1 million minus 1, then we are not far from mass genocide here in America.
I read it. I read several news services accounts of what happened. Its an inhuman and insane policy and Trump and his administration will pay a hard price for that kid's death.
Actually father came alone with the boy and crossed illegally. However, its ISIS and Trump Administration's direct fault for a poorly executed and terrible program of appeasing mass hysteria caused by Trump's evil policies.
They need fresh blood in Africa, especially Somalia.
Resign you orange bastard!
Stay ignorant then. More for me.
Of course he did while others w/o the rescources and connections went off and got killed, maimed, FUBAR'd. All the while rich as shit Donnie parties in NYC like no tomorrow.
Fred Trump was a creepy looking perv in that picture.
You hoo Vanki! Remember those inaugural tickets to trump parties? Remember how you jacked up the prices at your own businesses to cash in? Remember? No?? Wait till 2019 you shitty human!!
I read several on this /r/politics thread about it and I cannot remember which one but I read somewhere that the father and son had tried to go across the border illegally about 2 miles from border crossing. Then they were apprehended by border police. They were put in this one holding tank for 2 days (I think) then sent to another one. During that time, the boy showed signs of illness. He was sent back to his father at one point with some antibiotics and ibuprophen but then was again hospitalized. I don't remember the entire story and I'm sorry but I don't remember the post. But I remember roughly the story. They did not cross at the border crossing...they went down below and tried to run it.
You ever hear of the frog test where they put the frog in water and then slowly turn the heat up? The frog is us.
Is it 100% whole wheat (USA here)? If so, did you ferment the grain first before adding sourdough?
I tried this recipe from this youtube video. It didn't come out very pretty. My whole wheat flour was very dense. I got it from an Amish store. Hers seems more finely ground. But mine had a great taste. The sour flavor really came through and made the whole wheat bread taste somewhat like pumpernickel bread. I'm going to try again and adjust the H20 and flour ratios. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jd_r69WauPk&amp;t=734s
Bernie is the man for 2020
I'll take old over crazy any day. And Trump is crazy.
Is it a woodcut? Very nice.
maybe they could recommend this idea to the poor bastards locked in cages at the border and beyond who were looking for asylum. They can clean toilets, wash dishes, empty trash, do yardwork etc.
Not with Kav. Ocare is f\_\_ked.
I was in r/the_donald earlier today. Sorry. Its bizarre place.
Psst. He colluded with Russia too.
From the Constitution: he President, Vice President and all civil Officers of the United States, shall be removed from Office on **Impeachment** for, and Conviction of, Treason, Bribery, or other high Crimes and Misdemeanors. Does the president first have to be convicted n order to be impeached? How do you convict a sitting president? Wonder if Kavanaugh will have influence on this. I think myself that its going to be impeachment all the way into the Fall of 2019.
He must have one of those secret back channels to Putin's office somewhere within his grasp.
Thoughts and prayers aren't going to soften what Mueller might have to say. He could recommend impeachment from his findings and the senate can't furrow their brows at that.
Ok.. that explains it all. Nothing to look at here.
Hello Kiersten Nielson!!! Monday morning huddle coming up.
Problem with some of these old patterns, is the sizing has changed. Size 16 of 70 years ago is not the size 16 of today. They give upper body meassurements and gauges which helps. It would take a bit of testing before getting started on any of the garments.
It would have been so cool to have the John McCain moored right next to wherever Prez Poopy pants was going to give his speech. I wish he would have seen it. I wish he would have messed his already bulging Depends. I wish it would have stunk up the entire place. I wish he would have thrown up his burger and fries all over himself and spewed it into the audience. I wish he would have gotten so sick he would have fallen over into the ocean and fucking drowned in seagull shit. Peace everybody!
Trump verbally fellated Putin in Helsinki. DailyCaller is trash.
Breitbart eats shit every morning and then publishes the result online
I watch a lot of german movies and I will remember german words and their meaning from recalling the scene in the movie
Is trump visiting Berlin?
I just was looking at a bush I protected all winter by fencing it in. Then I thought it was ok because most of the deer herd is having fawns now. ITs all chewed up. Back up goes the fencing. I spend a lot of time cussing out deer. But they are sure really cute.
Great looking crust!
He's a mean little pussy of a man.
It was an image of a polar bear wanker. It just got lost in the translation.
He just exudes arrogance like a strong perfume.
JK's father is a huge asshole. He's used to assholes. He is a junior asshole surrounded by assholes. He fits right in with the Asshole administration.
&gt;pricey and I'm sure America is paying for it. But we don't have funds for helping Americans. Gotta rob from Medicare and SS.
He's going to regret going there.
Oh please stop. His Depends will need more frequent changes. He shits brown and yellow.
Maybe Meghan M will carry a milkshake to his Lordship, the earl of shit.
This is 2015. Bernie ain't changed one bit. Bernie2020!!
There is a meme floating around on FB showing Trump's face meshed with an old painting of an native woman, entitled "Brokeahontos"
I heard the crowds are not as large as last time FatOrange visited the UK. I hope today the Brits really put the pressure on and show the Blob From America how they really feel about paying for his wide ass at the banquet table.
I like Warren but Bernie is the real deal. Put em together on the same ticket would be great.
No he didn't. They had a Happy Meal for him with crayons and a placemat he could color on while the queen was talking. Fake News!!
I've noticed none of them look particuarly happy about being there with the Trump freakshow entourage.
and she knows what Alzheimer's is when she sees it.
Harry looked like he wanted to say "Fuck you" to the Trumps. He looked really miserable.
Sanders/Warren or Warren/Sanders in 2020. Now that will upset the old OrangeBlob.
I am going to walk over to my neighbor's house. He just bought a Tesla and he loves it. I'm going to walk over there right now and tell him God wants him to give me his Tesla. God told me to tell you to give over your Tesla or face almighty retribution. I know he will give it to me. I know he will. God told me.
Me and thousands and thousands and thousands of others.
and a bit dangerous. He, the stable genius is injecting himself in European politics again. I hope he gets boo'd to oblivion.
Oh shit Brits!! Check for dalmation deaths! Its Cruella deVille and her evil henchmen!!!
Prince Harry would agree with you. His face when they entered the room with the queen and Trump was a sight. He looked miserable.
Well it could have been dog poop. At least he can lick it off.
The president told Morgan that the interview was supposed to be 15 minutes but it went on for 90 minutes. Sounds like poopyFace was pissed that Charles kept hammering him on climate change.
They promptly inserted their blackwater hose into Buckingham Palace's sewer knowing the queen wouldn't mind at all. Where the food at??
I wanna go out and review the palace guard again!! I looked so pretty in my suit and my wife is so hot.
But he's old Joe!!! Freind of Barack. He is a sweet old white guy.
He has no real platform. He has nothing to offer. Warren who is a strong debater too is going to bury him.
first debate, end of this month.
That governor who looks like a senile kindergarten teacher should remove him
Tim mcveigh already did and Americans did nothing to prevent another one
What is it then?
Hey,NPR reported this today. Maybe Reddit doesn't but NPR talk radio had a lengthy story on it.
Well why don't you put your money where your greasy, bad breath mouth is and lock her up! She'd love you to do it. Go ahead. Do it.
Independant
The first one is going to win.
If this guy goes to jail, this country is in deep trouble.
Mike Huckabee? Where in hell did Sarah Palin go? Irrelevance seems to be a thing these days.
We are all challenged by the Brits now. They really put on a good show!! Loved it when they boo'd Vanky.
WTF Ireland??? You let them get away with this? And for fucks sake! You made me pay when I was in Ireland!!!! Fuck you Ireland.
Not so fake grift alert.
I envision Barr parachuting in the dark of night into enemy territory. No I can't.
Nobody is a nobody. I had many conversations in Irish bars with people from Ireland. They are very friendly people. I just can't figure out how they allowed these grifters worth millions (not billions) slide through without paying.
Donnie has no soul. He's feral. That's why he doesn't like dogs. They are more human than he is.
That's it! The youngest one who was fourteen in the recent Netflix movie was beaten up by the police after their arrests and while watching it I kept thinking, "who does he remind me of? I've seen that puffed beaten face before somewhere." It was the coffin picture of Emmet Till.
The Mexicans promised to give him some nude pics they have of Ivanka.
But he's Jewish. Just throw his scummy ass overboard.
Impeach the orange turd.
Poor little tree. Didn't hurt anybody and Trump killed it.
Yeah American Speculator, we really want us some Kim Jong Uni president.
They are the people the people of their districts elected. Its a sad statement about America these days.
Tiger Mom licks some SC ass.
Why do they say thoughts and prayers for Maureen Dean, John Dean's wife? I don't see anything on her in the news.
I'm trying to find it. Hope it gets posted.
figures.
Meanwhile his accuser Christine Ford has had to move several times because of death threats. Congratulations to the fearless tiger mom. I never knew tigers were scavengers.
Donald Trump is a racist bigot piece of dog shit and I'm glad the director made the movie to show this at this time.
Six foot pile of dog shit speaks
The one thing anyone can say about Bernie Sanders is that he is no flip-flopper. Very unlike Biden who has flip flopped on let's see.... The Hyde Amendment, his ties to the Koch brothers, GOP being good guys, the Anita Hill testimony. You can't get a straight answer from him. Bernie has some hard balls. They must hurt sometimes when walking.
But ya'll, da's God's holy will. Sez so in the good book. God'll take ceer of ever thing!
Using his own adjectives, "a very filthy disgusting" dictator.
The president just implicated himself as a treasonous president. This debate is going to be crazy and froth frothing in all directions.
AT least in Arkansas, she and her family can go out to a public restaurant again.
Yes. Very fine people all of them
But that’s it. She has a future with the creepy right. But that’s the end of the road for her. She has lost all credibility in the real world
But that’s it. She has a future with the creepy right. But that’s the end of the road for her. She has lost all credibility in the real world
Tears all down my cheeks
I love that word. I heard it a lot in Brooklyn and that is a very fitting word to describe someone who gives himself to help others.
You are so messed up. May Peace and love für other people not exactly like you fill your hardened heart.
So how many destroyers do we have on their doorstep? We pulled out of a hard fought negotiation to promote peace and Cheetos fubars it. Sanctions starving Iranians. We are asking for a fight just like a pack of bullies in a school yard.
It’s the only transparent issue on the trump agenda
So let’s compare. Iran sends battleships into the Gulf of Mexico Just because. Then they apply crippling sanctions. Population pissed at its leadership. Leadership bombs a few of the battleships in retaliation. That’s it!! WAR!
Would you negotiate with trump? Hint: political bankruptcy
Stränge. He didn’t proof it. Just one rise
America is provoking a war by their presence in the Gulf. Trump started this by destroying the peace agreement and applying crippling sanctions on its people. Way to go Trump. Your political war is coming right this way.
You go on believing that. :)
Trump just saw the poll numbers. YEs we are going to war with Iran. Get out the flag.
If it was to commemorate Farah Fossett, bet it wouldn't have been delayed.
She must like to eat alone. She can't set foot in any Washington eatery.
To be honest, Donald Trump looks sicker every time I see a new photo of him.
Its like having Ed Kemper as president. Who will he violate next?
I'm sure she will rise from the scum and blink those smoky eyes into a TV camera once more. The smell must be pretty rancid.
Trumpwitz.
Did you read the article? Sounds like you didn't.
Happy days are here again!! Ivanka sings as Jared humms.
Heads up 99, its a violation when they are working on taxpayer's dime. She can crow and cackle all she wants during off hours. Obama's crew didn't do that.
The law is subordinate to presidential power.
Wow. Grandpa is going full Kim Jung Uni.
Cackle all she wants and send extra time in her coffin. As long as it isn't during her work hours.
I just love the adorable little cup marks around his eyes where the goggles were during his morning tan session.
That's not all he has been licking.
White House aids must be hardened to his rants and screams every morning as he stumbles into the Oval Office and behind the empty desk. I'll bet he is a mean bastard to everybody around him.
His daughter said no?
DailyCaller is garbage.
I have a feeling over time, the American Evangelical movement will take a nosedive. To support an evil person because he does stuff you want him to like limiting abortions, moving the embassy to Jerusalem, limiting rights of LBGTQ people, women, people of color and rawdogging porn stars and putting his nasty little fingers on womens' vaginas is only going to make their cause so laughable in the future.
I seem to recall sometime last week I read where the amendment is not an enforceable law. I think too Conway does it a lot
Or give an online class (free) on "how to get a fucking bill passed in 2019/2020."
Mitch McConnell: Get outta Dodge. And take your fucking grifting wife with you
Vote the Republican bums out and install Obama as SC justice after impeaching Kavanaugh.
Its on tonight! Watch for it.
Sorry. It will be an unmarked grave.
Raw dogg'in Donnie.
The cave you been living in emits gaseous fumes. Get on outta there!
Same defense as OJ
I've read a lot about Lincoln and he was most probably bi-polar and subject to very dark depressive periods. I would be so bold as to say Lincoln was America's first openly mentally ill president more than a possible gay president. His mental illness was part of his character that we all know today and part of his genius. Back in that period, inns had only a few beds and when circuit riding lawyers like Lincoln and Speed showed up, they generally shared the same bed. Maybe gay but most probably, the lack of Made In China beds was just a thing back then.
Have you been watching the demonstrations in Hong Kong? They seem to have had an affect on the old Chinese gobment.
Burn it all down Trump. You crazy orange Nero.
Don't think I'd want eat in that place.
House of Leaves!
Violence was mostly the police. The demonstrators' numbers were what rattled old Beijing.
But those people look like flesh eating zombies. Run!!
I'm channeling a very old Ramblin' Jack Elliott song "Hong Kong Blues". https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Xvib1SlIn0s
When Iran supposedly bombed the boats in the Gulf of Tonkin, oops I mean the Gulf of Hormuz, Shanahan looked like he was going to mess his pants he was so unsettled.
Da wascaly weims got em a troll!
The Central Park 5 story is a parable of America under the Trump Presidency. We all stand before this monster and are time and again falsely accused of just about anything that comes into that fiendish little brain of his.
You forgot loathsome.
Die Gestapo!!!
But more than one would be 'die’ wouldn’t it?
She says "l know I’m hot“
Do it remotely from a Texas concentration camp and have her surrounded by crying kids
Like the Nazis. (emphasis on the s).
Its highly probable that Queer Eye wasn't their fashion designer.
Yes.. We need you in the Senate.
SNL should do a skit on this.
I hated raising guinea fowl but they are wonderful to eat.
Evangelicals should watch Spanish horror movies. Spain has made this genre into some great art. Much has to do with and questions Catholic doctrine. Del toro is one of several very good Spanish directors of horror and the supernatural
That ain’t a bear. That’s my cousin Clifford
Yeah. Guinea broth is way darker and richer than chicken broth. It makes a mean risotto.
When he told the press "wait and see" or something to that effect, I knew his erection from all of Bolton's dick sucking was dictating his responses.
But Trump's the messiah!
Ick gross. Eewww. Donald trump is just a gross old 🐷
That’s a snapping turtle. A big one.
I guess you'll just have to move on over to the\_donald and have your fantasies there. Good bye.
I think old Trump came up with a great promo for Viagra.
You are so right. That trump is a stinky lying skank. And my goodness! We elected that bad breathed skank as president
Oh dear Oh dear oh my gracious sakes
Not to mention the most cruel detainment of children in filthy and inhumane conditions. That Moran is also cruel and will be tried in a Court after he is thrown out of the WH for abuse of the helpless.
Good point
Next time just take a rubber hammer and smash the stems. Then braid
Lulu Garcia Navarro of NPR had an interview with her this last weekend. I think it underlines what most people realize now about the Donald. What he did to her is similar to what he's doing in the Middle East. Forceful rape.
Just like all those other 20+ women. They all just grifters. Every last one. Poor widdo Donnie.
And a wee little handgun strapped to a waist barely visible below bulging beer stomach to which when touched gives massive hot erection.
What happened to Venezuela? Nobody wanted to play?
Don't forget Jerusalem!!!! By God. The 2nd coming!!! Hey hey God!!!
God is on the side of Trump. His spiritual adviser has unleashed warrior angels upon Congress.
Look for MAGA paraphernalia. Its a dead giveaway.
Knit yourself your very own MAGA scarf!!!
When I read about I wasn't surprised. But I thought that now, after 2 years of Trump's shit people would begin to take this seriously because this woman knew she'd be targeted and she was going to be dragged through the mud just like those other women. I think she sacrificed herself. She's a courageous lady.
any woman who votes for Dump has got the mind of a gnat.
Thanks This is helpful.
I like this!
Just say he has a little itty bitty mushroom Megan. That'll make his tweeter tweet.
WTF you mean? There is no law there. Someone said to them. Get out or we are gonna kill you and so they left home.
They should have sent that to your ancestors who ended up here. Your politicizing a humanitarian problem.
and he has a type of woman that he rapes. Kind of like serial killer Ed Kemper. He was fucked up by his parents too.
Old Yiddish word "he's such a putz".
Its on all the news sites. I think they do.
She's not Mushroom's type.
A pig.
But meanwhile Dump and his beautiful daughter VAnky are eating in style tonight and plotting how to make more money while Dump is in office.
your welcome. Got any lipstick for that pig?
Another pesky woman did it!!! You go girl!!!
You didn't know?
Simon Lagrie.
But his daddy is okay with having brown children sitting in their own body fluids with nothing to clean it up with.
No. its not spit. You use piss on that.
It used to be kind of interesting to peep over there and read their comments. It was like a swarm of angry hornets when something bad happened to Trump and his ilk.
Yes they were but he was forced to break the law because he was out of money and had waited his turn for along time with no progress. He had the 2 year old with him and another daughter and he was broke and desperate. I got this from CNN mostly.
This is Trump's MOST worst nightmare. Climate change is going to make these migrations north a continuous caravan and nothing can stop it. The whole CNN story on their family was a testament to the effect it has on populations. Unless something is done to stop or slow climate change, this shit is just going to keep happening and EEEEK ACK... dead bodies EEK. Well your going to keep seeing them from now on.
What we have here is a failure....to communicate. It is our business you orange POS
Anybody know if there is a free online site that features the debate tonight?
Give em hell tonight Bernie!
Thanks!
Hope Hicks probably did a time or two.
To all the commenters here: RAPE IS SEXY to the rapist watching the victim in pain and humiliation and not to the one being raped.
Awww!
My first weim had that problem. I would first flush the ear canal by squirting the ear solution straight I to his ears and then massage the ear flap against his ear to move the solution around within the ear. Then I would take a cotton ball squirted with ear solution and very very carefully grasp it with my thumb and middle finger and carefully work it down the ear canal as far as i could and move the cotton ball to clean off the gunge he didn’t like the flushing but he liked it when I used the cotton ball. I did this just about every other day.
Colorado Springs. Figures.
Your welcome!!
What Bernie ever do to you that you keep bashing him?
Oh no! Joe!
I think SNL could have fun with this one
I listened to newshour and they read robert‘s decision. It’s interesting. He thinks this issue should be worked out within the state‘s own system of government from the lowest levels on up. And he said it is hard to measure politics which is what it is. It makes sense an is probably the most democratic. But I agree with Kagen that it’s societally blind
I thought it was so clever.
Mine is cranberry bread
That waitress should never ever have spit on sonny. Now Donnie is mad at us all.
This is worse than Helsinki. Ms Carroll would not want to venture anywhere near the 'dressing' room these two went into earlier.
Go back to FOX oh deluded one.
Stay where you are and die.
He answered her question. He was avoiding a gotcha question because he lives in a state where hunting is very popular. But not assault weapons.
He's going to war with Iran if we piss him off.
So are you discounting used? I’d love a new one from my list of my requirements and preferences. I have done quite a bit of research on what I want. I’m currently hunting online and at RV places. Your right. It’s a confusing jungle out there in the RV world
I wish I could this first time but better get used in my case. i'll take your advise and do my homework before buying. Thank you.
Fuck you you orange piece of shit.
Stormy Donald is going to be in a very bad mood when he gets home to Washington. Hope somebody hid the nuclear codes.
Say it again Megan! "I'm not going to the fucking White House"!!! She can't bear to shake hands with a misogynist, a rapist, a crook of the highest order, a traitor to the country, an embarrassment to all the men and women who died serving this country, a national disgrace. FUCK TRUMP!! Yeah! Go Megan. Run for office. You rock.
Watching that smiling monster at Osaka made my stomach churn. Kim J U, this creepy slimy lipped piece of shit, Putin and the President of Philippines . we are in turmoil.
Maybe by the end of all this (if there is an end to it), he'll be run out of office. Anybody remotely connected to Trump has the Trump curse on them forever.
Sorry. I don't think so.
Take heart and watch Mueller testify before Congress. I am almost certain something will start those rusted gears to moving again.
His cock pocket
Old Jimmy Carter. Telling the truth in a world full of lies.
No. He knows. Trump is a fraud.
The emperor has no clothes. There was never a truer statement. Trump is a traitor and Washington just squeezes its eyes closed and says "I see nothing, I know nothing, I hear nothing".
Have a feeling 2020 is going to be a long hot summer.
Because yours is a little bitty sawed off thing.
I think most women with some gray matter in their heads would say the same. Who in hell would want to meet a guy who is orange with white puffy eyes and grabs women by the pussy and serves McDonalds because he's too cheap to pay out anything more, AND IS A TRAITOR just like all his creepy buddies.
He may have been a fair president but he was never a Traitor as you are Stormy Donnie.
Kim needs a blowjob.
I've been kind of saving it for a rainy boring day.
Democrats as well. I wish they'd all haul his butt out of the Oval Office and throw him onto PA Ave and make him walk back to NY.
I know that of course. Its just unrequited rage on my part. Peace.
I think a lot of dead presidents did too.
Its not crack. It can spell.
No wonder OrangePrescious loves him so much. He's like a god to the Illegitimate president, alias, Individual #1.
Untethered and unleashed. Someone needs to get him out of the WH soon. He's crazy.
Maybe there is hope. IMHO many companies are adopting clean air standards voluntaraly because it is in their interests to do so. They understand their industries more than OrangePrecious does.
Not smart women. Women that love their rapists will.
NO!!! Trump is a moran who can't read! Let that sink in Space Moran!!!
I can imagine the confederate states arguing with Lincoln before the Civil war and trying to convince him that slavery is essential to the American economy and one of them draws this colorful poster with boxes indicating where the cotton goes after it is picked and how much the north needs slavery if they want pretty clothes and nice drapes in their homes.
Junior is so dumb! I just looked him up on Wiki and he went to Wharton. That is supposed to be one of the premier business schools in USA. I can't believe it. This isn't good advertising for Wharton.
Its just you. Bye.
We would juice them and freeze for later use in salads and fish dinners.
and his ties keep growing longer for some reason.
They went in alone for another 40 minutes of discussion. "How many people have you killed Mr. Kim? My good buddy Putin says he's sent over 20 journalists to their graves?"
Everyone knows he's illegitimate.
Please drop out Joe.
Everything you just said suggests meddling. Carter said if there was an unobstructed investigation into 2016 election, they would probably find out that there was. I know everybody was in disbelief the next morning. Something more than the electoral college was at the root of it IMHO.
don't get your hopes up.
good point!
She is talking about male dominance. Oh wow. How totally clever of her.
Trump's statements about Muslims is well documented. They are an easy target. He likes easy ones. He has so many problems understanding world trade and world economics. But Muslims. That's easy.
They had nothing. They had pallets one on top of the other. That was it. They wanted them to die.
Another Salvadoran died at the border today.
Neither was Hitler. But he had 7 years while OrangePrecious has had less than 3. And, Hitler had some genious thugs he relied on, Goebbels to convince the masses he was doing their will, Himmler to research and institute methods of eliminating the Jews, quite a few very good generals to conduct his campaigns to crush the rest of Europe. Just give Trump time. He finds all the right people.
I can't believe this creepy spawn of that thing in the WH graduated from Wharton school of Business. I can't believe it. How did he get through?
Those are pallets. Not exactly Wayfair beds. And before there were death camps, they dug mass graves and exterminated them right where they lived. The gas came later after much research and use of Jews and gypsies as experiments in mass murder by gassing. Give Trump time and he'll do something similar.
What horrifies me is so many Americans really think trump’s immigration policies on southern borders and for Middle East immigrants are fine. Again it is so similar to germans‘ being fine with hitler‘s sick Obsession with Jews. I’ve had ppl explain their support of trump’s immigration policies to my face and it’s absolutely frightening to listen to them.
Yes. Historians still cannot understand what caused an educated Christian country surrounded by countries not unlike them to calmly justify the vilification of a group of german citizens because they were queer, Jewish, gypsy or judged incompetent. They believed what hitler told them just as they matter-of-factly believe trump’s hatred of others not like him. There is no real explanation
So she should keep her mouth shut and talk pretty nonsense like a good little brown skinned woman.
He like his family have had numerous plastic surgery to remove turkey neck and other nips and tucks.
Ask Xi or president of Mexico.
And Kim wants economic help for his country. But he will never give up nuclear arsenal
Magic mushrooms. Just like trump’s dick size according to stormy D
I liked when she stopped babbling about men, there was a short pause then the rest of group continued their conversation, ignoring what she said
Ivanka is as dumb as an old brick
Awwww. I miss Wegmanns. It’s a class act
Yup. Florida for a few months. But I lived in western NY. I keep comparing other grocery stores to Wegmans and they never measure up. I miss Wegmans.
I don’t eat very much meat these days but that looks amazing. I would love to try the fried foremost
Benjamin Netanyahu Next words or sounds: "suck, suck, gurgle, suck". And another voice. "Oh Precious...take it all”.
I notice the palms. Grow a big group of palm trees. It will look insanely beautiful
Versuche mir mit mediterrane Ernährung zu bleiben. Kein mehr pizza!!
No. It was to get your skanky boss re elected
Das ist ein Vollkorn starter. Sie entwickeln sich schneller wie als Weißmehl starter
We all know from the hearings in congress a short time ago: trump only cares about the big things, his re election.
You betcha mike
Great presentation. I’m in center South Florida and darn it, very few Asian markets!! Walmart sucks
I’m beginning to wonder if Vanki is real. Elsa, from Frozen looks more real, at least to me.
Oh please can you kidnap the trump family and hold them for ransom? I am totally sure the evangelicals will try to bail them out though.
I will give it a go!!
But in just a few years they will grow out and you will have decorative foliage that would reduce the starkness of the gulag wall. And maybe a hurricane will reduce it to shreds in the meantime.
Dementia units are almost hospices in that death is frequent there. My mom was very morphined before she died (not in a nursing home) and called "Ma" while staring straight ahead. The hospice nurse was there and told me the dying often seem to see the departed before they die and that spirit has come to help them through the crossing over. Not totally sure this is true but if there is some truth to it, then a dementia unit must be a fairly busy place for the departed friends and relatives of those about to pass on.
The first thing Bernie is going to have to do in the White House is to somehow remove the corrupt stench of the Trump fake presidency.
It’s good brain exercise and much better than puzzles
What is it going to be?
I would be happier if they kidnapped princess Ivanka. Then we would have a pretty good idea of his net worth
Why didn’t victims say something sooner?
But he drugged and raped men.
I understand his decision
Just put Donnie Jr and Ewic our there with their new Christmas ARs. They will stop those horrible Persians
Many Americans would gladly help
I wish he was able to do that to Drumph
Jeez. That orange goo on his chin is beginnt to take on a bad odor
Very pretty!!
Not sure what method you are using but rather than try to explain proofing and handling the dough, go to YouTube and search “Trevor Wilson” and watch a few of his excellent videos on proofing, stretch and fold and final shaping. I think your dough needed more shaping during the last stage
That was a hard book to read. Can’t imagine it as a film. It was about man’s inhumanity to man basically.
Savannah Guthrie wouldn’t ask Hillary or even Orange Mussolini about a medical condition and almost scream it out. Jeez Louise
Wow. My hat is off to you!!!
LOL A catheter for a RV
I have an ancient enameled pot (probably used once as a chamber pot) with handles. I Pour water in it and let the sun warm it..it doesn't take long and then use it as a hip bath like they did back in the old times. It gets the job done. I'm clean and ready to go again.
Er spricht komisch
Benedict is so old. Very old. Out of touch. Catholic Church is out of touch.
Danke und thanks!! Ich dachte, er wäre ein Schweizer. ich lerne deutsch und muss das video weiter pausieren, um ihn zu verstehen.
Grüezi!!! lol!!
Lol. That was one of the sites I’ve visited. If you go to the reservation site it’s almost full all the way up till March but oddly nobody around. That is why I posted this. It’s so beautiful and if you want to go but you see a solid blockade of "R” on every date for the next two months it might be worth it to call and inquire about getting in. There is a combination # they give you to open the front gate and without a reservation you can’t get in.
Beautiful. I love the birds here
It is a beautiful place. Read “a land remembered “ about this same area after the civil war.
If you believe in spirits in this world these guys better lay low.
Thanks!
I did but they removed it and told me to post here. Reddit mods. You worse than ever
A hot shower. It seems to draw out anxiety and depression
Leave chicky alone!!!
From Crystal Ball: she didn’t vote because she didn’t agree with the direction the dem Congress took. To implicate that trump lied when he bribed Ukraine and obstruction of Justice in trying to prevent the truth from getting out were no more than what the bush administration did when they lied about getting into Iraq and also Reagan for lying through his teeth about Iran contra. Problem with both of these former cases was that the dems were complicit in the lies. So it’s kind of thin what they are doing now. A democratic president in the future could easily be a victim of what shit head trump’s is going through. Both parties are guilty of shitting on our constitution.
If it’s mold you can smell it.
Birds are all cannibals
He can’t swear in English that well poor guy
That is a sad statement from a state known far and wide for its corrupt state politics. I’m visiting Lake Okeechobee and it’s just sad what Florida politics did to this lake all for big sugar. Florida is a beautiful state. It’s politicians are ugly
This article can explain it better than me. I’ve been hearing it over beers at American Legion. https://www.wtsp.com/article/news/local/what-does-big-sugar-have-to-do-with-floridas-red-tide/67-587820301
I have tried to make it like the congee I’ve had at restaurants but mine always seems to come out thick and guppy and not smooth and creamy. I will try again on seeing yours
I think many trump supporters are overweight from a heavy diet of processed fatty and sugary foods and being very sedentary. They spend a lot of time watching tv instead of choosing a healthier lifestyle that they deem elitist. The broken Walmart chairs are from weighty fannies breaking through the plastic fiber.
Spanish rice is good made with domestic short grain rice
WTF?
Do they stay up?
I like both. Cheap and good!
This changes nothing
I’ve used short and long. I think myself the short grain absorbs the flavors of the other ingredients really well
I will talk to them tomorrow.
Looking closely I would say male but not entirely sure
Well that’s a dead giveaway. Usually the males are the best looking ya do healthiest!! At least that had been my experience. Good luck!!
Was this Portland?
Cowards. I hope they kick them all out altogether. They suck. Cowards everyone
Beautiful
I sometimes take the shot and look at it with iPhone effects to see how to tone down or play with color and highlights. I use Affinity but I use effects on iPhone to get a quick idea.
That’s hard to do. Your right but it’s easier to hate these days.
It’s in London
Please post when you get the strap completed. Love to see it on a guitar. Willie nelson eat your heart out
Very pretty colors Love the fish one colors especially
I examine some of my recent bracelets and some do look like the first knot didn’t set right. Will work on your suggestion
I was looking for fiction. I think mark Twain is close but his writing was mostly satirical about humans and how just plain stupid they can be. Also maybe Jonathan Swift but I have only read "Gullivars travels about people and their beliefs and to what lengths they cling to them
I thought that wasn’t Olivier
Thank you. I read Kingsolver’s book "Animal vegetales miracle” so I think I will put your suggestions on my summer reading list. I wonder if later people will write books, not so much on trump but Americans who believe him
There is a new book out called "Mexican Gothic” by Silvia Moreno Garcia that I am planning to read. It’s gotten great reviews. It’s a romance thriller.
