If people would shut up about "keep right except to pass" we wouldn't have an argument every other day about that not being a law here. The law only states to keep right if you're going slower that the rest of traffic. Faster traffic goes on left, not "passing traffic."
Arizona secession?
St. Vincent De Paul has the kitchen to feed the homeless near downtown, I believe. St Mary's Food Bank.
CityScape is pretty decent. It used to be smaller back when they started it but they've since moved it onto Central Ave so now it's bigger and has a Christmas tree in the middle.
That doesn't make it a passing lane which is what's implied when saying "keep right except to pass."
And they have their own oil
It's not just that the tarmac is too hot, it's also that certain older models of planes are not rated to fly above certain temperatures because they were never officially tested at those temps since the air is less dense the hotter it gets and it not able to provide as much air resistance to promote lift.
The Fry's Mercado makes a pretty good one as well as Food City or Ranch Market like the other commenter said but it's quite a drive to Maryvale. Have you checked if there are any local Mexican bakeries close by? Those are usually the best.
America West was once a regional budget airline and it later grew so much it bought off US Airways then American Airlines. Sure, it's difficult for them but it's not impossible to grow with the airport like America West did with Sky Harbor.
Speaking of, is Marlins Man going to upgrade his gear?
I was expecting the stolen then edited photo from that other post.
I was just expecting someone to poke fun at the stolen photo post by saying they found an "old image" and post the same stolen pic again. They couldn't at least wait a week to repost it, instead they posted it 2 days after the original and claimed it was theirs.
Also, remember to always wear your seatbelt and have your small children in car seats and also properly buckled up. In crashes at highway speeds, anything and anyone can become a lethal projectile, even pets. Not saying that the lack of seatbelts was a factor here but I lost a relative because they weren't wearing one but their child was in a car seat and survived. Police said had she been wearing a seatbelt then she would have likely survived since the impact slammed her around inside the vehicle as it spun and rolled.
I only buy mystery jerseys from dbacks authentics at Chase because I want authentic jerseys but I'm not about to spend $300+ for one. I don't mind which player I get.
And zoology because drivers these days are animals.
No u
When you do things right, people won't be sure you did anything at all.
After the Evolution, I got Tomas and Hudson for $40 each. And last season they were $100, iirc. I got Joey Krehbiel's 2018 spring training jersey.
Caps as in the titanium or other metal coating on the teeth? Police dogs aren't usually equipped with those. They're mostly for military dogs.
I prefer to look at it as getting a fully stitched, authentic jersey for $100. The player is whatevs. I don't like wearing those horrible iron on patchy cool base jerseys, they don't feel as natural to wear as the authentic ones since the DBACKS lettering is one big patch and aren't even stitched so they make you sweat more. Authentic jerseys start out at $250 with a blank back and around $300+ if you want a player's name. And Krehbiel was good when he was called up and even signed my jersey.
It's only at certain games. They have an Authentics email they send out sometimes but I usually just check every game I go to if they're selling them. I'd say they do it around 6 times a season.
I would hope so since the other movies were filmed here as well. I forget exactly what circle k location was in the film but i do believe the mall shown is Metrocenter
Likely chandler SE valley cause Phoenix street signs don't look like that one in the background.
Yep, Broadway between the 7s is pretty good.
Which website are you using? Regular season game tickets aren't available yet. The only way to get tickets right now are through a mini plan or by purchasing season tickets. Tickets for Opening Day and the rest of the season are usually sold by late February or early March. There will likely be posts on this sub once they're about to be on sale so just check often. Any tickets for sale on any site may not be genuine or the seller does not have access to those tickets yet as the ticket barcodes for next season haven't even been assigned.
Veni, Vidi, Vici. -Szczyr, probably.
Damn, Rattlers aren't even given a footnote.
If you really want a license plate now, go to a third party MVD service place and tell them you want a different plate. It cost me $15 to do that and I just switched out my plates for a new one since mine were getting all jacked up from the sun and stuff.
Oh, well, then.
That's a good flair.
Phoenix College is beautiful when the leaves start to change
It is. I used to talk to the security guard there and he didn't believe it until he experienced it himself.
Would you say it was the *cat's pajamas*?
Melrose District is 7th Ave and Indian School, not sure what's so scary about the gay district unless you're a homophobe.
Which one do you have? I suck at choosing between different models.
Bearizona is a place I've been meaning to visit for a long time, i just don't have to time to do it. There's also the meteor crater, the Lowell Observatory where Pluto was discovered, Sunset Crater, Sedona is always great to visit and the Grand Canyon Railroad is a great experience. That's all i can think of quickly.
Well, one real female senator and a phony appointed one. Pretty sure I'd rather be elected to a position by the people than to be handed it but i don't think McSally cares since being incumbent would raise her chances of reelection.
No horses in video, 0/10
Except in Florida spring training teams are so spread out it's a whole lot of traveling if you want to catch a few games at different stadiums. Here, they're all in the same metro area.
In the US? It's the largest city park in the world.
It had it. I don't know who Travis Scott is exactly but i do remember him being there when it was posted because "Astroworld Tour" made me think of the Houston Astros.
The wild horse herd in the Salt River areas? Unless you mean the Heard Museum
What exactly are you looking for? There are plenty of accessible/wheelchair sections, pretty much all around the lower and upper concourses. Upper level would probably work best if you're not looking to get accessible seating as Row 4 is level with the floor, although you have to climb over a two steps to cross from the entrance to the seats. Row 3 is just two steps down and still has a great view.
My dog would've slapped those off immediately. No time to even take a picture
What's the Princess?
So you are moving here in the summer and have no plan to buy a car and choose to use public and private transportation? I wish you the best of luck. Even if you live in the more "walkable" places the summer heat shows no mercy. Drink plenty of fluids and replenish electrolytes, especially if exercising. It doesn't matter if you're hydrated, you'll feel like shit and can pass out if you're low on electrolytes. Always keep a few energy bars on you if you're out hiking and such, even if you do it early in the day.
You mean there's a light rail you can hop on to get to Tempe or Mesa.
People are entitled assholes. All is takes is for someone to feel like they deserve better than the other people.
Autographs are free again this year, I believe, ticket is to get into the event. The lines get long really quick and they don't allow bats, I've seen people get turned back trying to bring then inside.
You're questioning my outlook on a post about 8 accidents on the same small stretch of the freeway... Be realistic.
If anyone wants to hang out with me in the STH/VIP fancypants section, let me know. :)
You can buy them there but you can't bring them in.
Maybe both, to be safe
It happened in Mesa though. I know it's not obvious in the title but I just took the one from the article.
Just hmu closer to Fan Fest to work out a meet up spot there.
Season ticket holders get their own exclusive autograph tables.
That's called cloud iridescence
Yes
No problem.
I knew what time it was by what song was playing on the Muzak station
Buying a car on GTAV, though
It's on cruise control though /s
Happens once every 1000 years.
I would've gone "he knows if you drive drunk 🎼" since it would sound better with the song.
Yasmany?
Pretty sure the ancient Chinese proclaimed that fireworks are only for 4th of July and the western New Year, given how much people are bitching about people celebrating their cultural traditions.
* I've wanted a DSLR camera for a while now and finally got one for myself. * Ahmed, as always, was spectacular. He finally received the recognition he deserves when he won his first Golden Glove. * Ahmed, as long as we have him all is right in the world. I've been following his development since spring training in 2014. He always had nice bursts of offense and just needed something to click. I fully expect his offense to keep improving. * I trust Hazen to make the right moves to keep this team on the right path.
Thanks!
We don't really hear about the minor fall injuries or those that didn't involve the fire department.
Yes
Flip a coin, heads yes, tails no.
We have the best sunsets, [our state flag even symbolizes them.](https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Flag_of_Arizona)
Not before we ban posts that call for a ban to ban posts that ask to ban sunset posts.
I went through your history and I don't think I've ever seen that guy in this sub before. Must be a troll going around being a jerk and does not represent our fans or the general population of our city. You're always welcome back to Phoenix and especially Chase Field and feel free to post again.
There's not much to see, i recommend taking the light rail from the 44th St station and getting off at Chase Field then walk around downtown. If you walk from the airport, it'll just tire you out until you get to the more exciting areas.
They were already up in the tree before the chase ended there. Pretty sure OP is the infamous 44th St peeping tom.
They rolled out real turf for the bowl. The Fiesta Bowl didn't want to play on the artificial grass and wanted real turf. The dbacks are playing on artificial grass.
If it makes you happy I'll add the arena.
It seems the wife wants to accept/pay the fine while this guy wants her to fight it based on some obscure federal DOT manual that is not backed up by law. Even if it was, state laws that are more strict overrule a more lenient federal laws.
Plenty of stupid licensed drivers out there. Keep in mind many drivers got their license in their teens and have not had to retake any tests since licenses expire when you're 65.
You know, it helps reading the newsletters they send with the bill. The info is also online on the department website.
Our beer is $4 for 14 oz
That's not the Luminarias. The Luminarias are the paper bags filled with sand and a candle lit inside.
Maybe it was /u/ggfergu?
It's Mesa, they just threaten to get their police involve if anyone doesn't want to work.
Fun fact: You know when you leave the Sonoran desert when you no longer see any Saguaros. 🌵
We can call them white people now.
Okay, I don't know where you learned that gobbeldygook but Papago did not have a Japanese internment camp. They had an Italian POW camp later turned into a German POW camp and had a famous breakout orchestrated with the help of none other than the famed Nazi U-Boat commander Friedrich Guggenberger.
Next they'll say they hate puppies and rainbows!
I like going out in the afternoons since if I get stranded I won't die from the heat as the sun sets. The temps drop faster out in the trails so you don't really get that 110°+ residual heat and a nice breeze always seems to make it's way across the mountains.
Plan more things
It's still 2018...
But why post it here instead of /r/tucson?
Honest mistake. How was the trip?
It snowed for a bit in DT Phoenix that say, too, then it turned into slush rain that froze on my car completely and I couldn't make it to work on time because we don't own an ice scraper.
Do you work outside?
Jumping Cholla cactus
Jumping Cholla cactus
How so?
#X
Pretty sure real emergencies don't care how much traffic or events are being held nearby.
I'd prefer a taxi service over Lyft for the same reasons. My own mother didn't have a bank account and paid everything in cash up until a few years ago when her job stopped issuing paper checks and gave her a prepaid card to directly deposit her checks. The good thing is that many Food City locations provide a free shuttle home if you purchase a minimum dollar amount of groceries.
I'm just wondering what the training will be. It could be a terrorist attack, mass shooting, massive fire at a packed event, health epidemic, plane/helicopter crash, natural disaster... I just hope we score better than Pawnee did on their emergency training.
My dog doesn't like anything on his feet and will kick and bite (gently) if we need to check his paws for anything, like thorns and cactus spines. [He'll also go outside and lay in the hot sun when it's 110°F out and will go deadweight if we try to move him. ](https://i.vgy.me/VZr8r5.jpg)
He's a bit of an oddball. One time he stayed out for hours and fell asleep in the sun. When he woke up he came inside radiating massive heat from his fur and finished his bucket of water so fast I had to refill it. Sometimes he refuses to drink any water during walks and hikes that we have to soak him with water. I feel he focuses on "hunting" for bunnies so much that he likes pushes himself way too much.
[Adam Jones has this as his walk up song](https://youtu.be/SywExJR4lrI), if that doesn't scream American Hero then I don't know what does.
Guy already deleted his account.
Cancer in Spanish is cáncer.
I really don't understand why a Braves fan could possibly hate the dbacks and then resort to using cheap insults like "dbags." Nice edit though.
He's played around with baby shark on his Instagram stories so maybe he'll move on to that.
He also posted a video to his Story of him in a hot tub with a rubber ducky wearing sunglasses just floating around while playing "[baby shark](https://youtu.be/XqZsoesa55w?t=27)" the whole time.
Imagine something like that happening today.
ASU West is home to the New College of Interdisciplinary Arts and Science. 7 if online is counted and also the Washington, D.C. campus https://washingtondc.asu.edu
Not sure, they don't have the Santa Monica one either http://californiacenter.asu.edu
What's more American than bacon? 🥓
He was never cut, he was DFA'd. That's basically the point of it, to designate for assignment.
The unnaturally cool May temps also help. Usually we're hitting a weekly average of 100°F by this time with hot nights.
Could it be Greinke's anxiety? He doesn't look like he's all there right now
Get ready for a scoreless Godley outing
Nah, fuck that couple.
Well, can't argue with that :-P
I do this all the time with my dog
Greinke and Godley just switched bodies.
I used to thing your username was a combination of hi and ciao but it's obvious that's just your striking sound, HICIAO!!!!
#A🐝LA
Thanks! Apparently we get to go swimming in the [sky pool as well, weather permitting. ](https://youtu.be/bxhNCYw3shY)
Box office doesn't have the shitty ticketmaster fees, too. If the ticket is $56 you pay $56.
[Nah, it's really this song](https://youtu.be/SywExJR4lrI)
Nope, but then again I get only $1 fees on my ticket purchases.
I'd say he looks as healthy as a horse on the bases.
#[SIMPLY AJ!!!! ](https://youtu.be/bxhNCYw3shY)
&gt;username Awkward...
( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)
I thought they did
It is your birthday.
Our bullpen has the best era in the national league apparently. BB mentioned it earlier.
Archie was supposed to be a starter
#WE DID IT!!!
#🚫
#🐍
Yay!
I'm assuming you already purchased them and just need them installed, is that right? I can give you the number of the mechanic that replaced my front struts and lower control arms for a few hundred dollars of labor. Message me if interested.
Steele Indian School Park has a few good grassy hills to sprint up. It's closer at Central and Indian School
I highly recommend the new Cookie Monster navigation voice on Waze. It's made my commute much more enjoyable.
Are people doing the pay it forward (backward?) thing again?
1998*
When I worked fast food I would tell people they didn't have to do buy the next car's order so they didn't feel obligation to do it.
I feel for the older gentleman in the very first clip. He's just about doing his job and the meth head girl called the cops claiming she was kidnapped. Sucks he could lose his life due to this sort of thing.
Gee, I wonder what jobs undocumented immigrants are taken away from there hardworking patriots.
Mesa PD would've turned that guy into Swiss cheese
😮
Brakes weren't invented until 30 years ago. You know the Flintstones braking system? That's how you braking worked back then.
I can easily navigate the airport, don't really see what's so difficult about it.
[Well, a least you can play bingo!](https://youtu.be/_j_K7K4gs6Q)
¡Sigue echándole ganas!
But how will everyone know when you make your way from CenPho to RoRo and plan to hit up SoMo to prepare for Supes?
Starbucks
Suuuuure! 😉
Never seen a palm tree hula hoop a dust devil, how bout that.
$330M single
Thanks, I was confusing hsi contract with Machado's
😎
Did Philly get free tacos? 🔔
[DBACKS WIN! ](https://youtu.be/sQ83GPCpZvM?t=10)
President and CEO Derrick Hall is also a prostate cancer survivor.
I saw a sign at Pima Canyon that said they were extending the parking lot hours to 9 pm for June and July, not sure if that's also for the main entrance.
Rather have Tomás than those other contracts
Check out Cementerio Lindo, the first Maricopa County cemetery just southwest of downtown. It's on 15th Ave and Mohave, bordering the I-17. This cemetery was the final resting place for many poor residents, their children, tuberculosis patients, indigents, basically anyone who couldn't afford to be buried in the more fancy Pioneer cemetery and its previous location near the downtown train station. You'll find graves from the late 1800s to about 1950 when it was closed to new burials.
👋 Hola vecino
105? Might want to put on a sweater
When you turn your hot water tap on to get cold water...
OP never said they were on the 17. They're on the 10 between 32nd st and the 17 split. This is near the airport as the 10 crosses the Rio Salado.
We already have six flags
Hurricane Harbor IS Six Flags, you never specified the theme park over the water park.
Since when is the source a mirror?
One time, Greinke looked at me briefly as he was doing his pregame warm-ups in left field. I'm still riding that high.
Mesa PD would've just shot him down.
Just like the state of Missouri
Mille grazie
Control+F "Phoenix" 0 results
The one with his daughter and her friend with the 😯 face the entire time.
\*[shocked pikachu face](https://i.imgur.com/sohWhy9.jpg)*
More evidence that you have absolutely no idea what you're talking about.
The cheapest one Or the all you can eat seats if you're downing 20 hot dogs
County neglected heavily on maintenance and improvements that they were contractually responsible for to keep the stadium state of the art.
I always wanted to go but I always put it off, then they closed :(
I'm Hispanic so I only get a ticket.
There's always a hot breeze in the summer due to the heat. What's weird is that we have this much clouds in May and June. It's usually all sun up until monsoon season storms actually start.
No one can smell your farts either so win-win
Right? It takes like one second to Google and get to the adot/mvd pages
I doubt that maggot debridement therapy was going on if the patient was taken to the hospital.
No, everyone that lives in Phoenix was born here, grew up here, had kids here, and will die here.
and?
It's the new Kik
( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)
So it *is* wabbit season!
Anyone going to Pride night this year?
Yes
Nah, fuck their bullpen copycart
/u/IONTOP can probably answer the seat/table questions but in general it is free to all fans in the stadium unless it is reserved by a group.
I wish I had time to design it but I'm so busy these days.
Inb4 5 inning shut out
The developer is Californian, they can't afford to not make money.
You might want to narrow it down to your specific skills and career.
I have no idea who that is but a quick Google search says probably not.
Well, I hope our department's culture isn't remotely as toxic as Mesa, they're something else, especially having the balls to say they're one of the best police departments in the nation. The meeting is also being held at a black church so it seems they aren't shying away from the community hurt the most from police discrimination and harassment. Police Chief Jeri Williams also being in attendance for the meeting is huge as well.
The 4 year old girl took a doll from the store is what is known. The police report has missing info and inconsistencies when compared to witness and surveillance video.
7th St and Camelback location next to the van that is always posted about on here, for those that don't know.
It used to be shorter because it entirely depends on the dew point being above 55 regularly and during the season you sometimes get long periods without any storms. If you're interested, look up Phoenix microburst, haboobs, and monsoon storms. Most of our rainfall here falls during the monsoon season.
Same with the days just after washing the car
I'm glad you're actually doing your research and reaching out for information. The Sonoran desert has more abundant life than other deserts and that is largely a result of our regular storms each year. The Sonoran desert is also the only place where Saguaro (🌵) cacti are found naturally.
Definitely. I used to have a 3L Camelbak when I used to mountain bike regularly. I used to fill it with ice all the way, then add water about 3/4 of the way, add more ice and top it off with water. The ice will melt and you'll have ice cold water to cool you down as you hike.
I doubt many people would pay that much just to make some money walking with strangers.
Archie the starter-turned-reliver starter is going to be relieved by Godley the reliever-turned-starter reliever
Godley about to launch one outta here
Why didn't you just look on the Maricopa county website instead of asking here?
They were...
They now have the Maricopa to ASU Pathway Program (MAPP) where you're guaranteed acceptance if you follow the course pathway they give you. Also, if you signed up this year but they change the pathway next year and you still follow the one you signed up for, they'll accept the older pathway instead. They also have the other transfer programs for U of A and NAU
All the Maricopa community college credits transfer as being from the Maricopa Community College District so you can take classes at any campus and they will transfer together. I would also recommend Phoenix College and will also add in Glendale CC and Paradise Valley CC. I'd recommend that you look into what each college has to offer for your major and check out the professor's ratings. Check out the https://maricopa.edu website to learn more about what each college has to offer. Some colleges specialize in certain things like Scottsdale CC is the only one that offers equestrian science courses.
That's for Phoenix residents only. OP is in a county island not a resident of Phoenix or even close to Phoenix.
Yes I wrote it, I basically gave /u/hiciao the abridged version over text the other day as Marte got closer to 20 homers.
Or add 4 spaces and press enter. Whatever works for you.
Did you check hispanic grocery stores?
Disable ad blockers
&gt;I don't know if that's the craziest statistic in a season full of insanity, but it's certainly one of those numbers that pops like a Jackson Pollock painting Ketel's performance is apparently a crazy statistic to other people.
Lite rail doesn't have as many calories as light rail, everybody knows that.
Phoenix College has a strong medical program. Nursing, dental, and biosciences are well funded and have great instructors. I would attend the Information Session on [June 25th from 4pm - 5pm](https://phoenixcollege.edu/programs/medical-laboratory-science) to learn the most about it. Phoenix College has open enrollment but certain programs do have competitive admission so it's best to go straight to the source.
Well, from certain angles you can get the atc tower in the skyline because the airport is basically down the street from downtown. But some of those buildings aren't even in downtown. They're part of the business district along the Central Corridor in uptown.
Or don't be/look Black, Hispanic, or whatever ethnicity or nationality the cop dislikes at the moment. It's just that easy.
World records have to be officially recorded by a Guinness World Records official before he can say he has the world record.
Open a window
Not really disagreeing. That guy is all talk and makes any post about police a toxic anti-cop circle jerk. Dude has no real argument except going around in circles with broken logic and reasoning.
&gt;Firefighters said they were planning to attack the flames from the air but there was a drone in the area. Who's dumber, the teenagers lighting fireworks in the dry bush or the drone pilot?
/u/cubman2000 sells tickets from his season ticket holder account and may have some available. Otherwise box office will not charge you ticketmaster fees and you can get will call tickets over the phone for a small fee. Scalpers also hang out near Chase so you can always try them but that's more of a gamble since you're counting on them to have ticket available. If you can, take a tour of Chase Field but buy your tickets in advance through dbacks.com/tour Downtown has lots of great bars and restaurants but the heat can make walkability unbearable.
Low humidity so the heat doesn't feel as bad but it still gets hot. It's like walking into an oven.
What happened to Marlins Man? Is he still a thing?
The reason the map shows little drought is from all the rain in winter/spring. We already got enough rain that now we suffer.
Ask any mexican people you know, pick up the free Hispanic magazines outside of Hispanic grocery stores, call Hispanic event venues, check Facebook/offer up/Craigslist, etc.
Ah, got ya.
I have never hired one so I have no idea. I'd probably just call alot of different ones and ask them what their rate is and how long.
I found these guys https://www.elmariachiaztecadeoro.com They have different mariachi sizes for any budget/occasion and they do free quotes through their website. It's worth a shot.
Drunk?
From downtown Phoenix, the smoke sorta looks like a typical monsoon storm cloud due east. For you, it will be due east northeast. Luckily the winds haven't shifted east to west or we'd be getting along of smoke in the valley.
Portillo's, Chick-Fil-A, and In N Out, a few places here that are severely overrated.
You might want to share these sources of evidence of ICE raids. I haven't heard anything about an increase of raids targeting families lately. Spanish news stations Univision and Telemundo often share resources for families to know their rights when it comes to being stopped by police or raided by ICE. Undocumented immigrants still have rights but police and federal agents love to abuse those rights knowing that the undocumented are ignorant of their rights.
This is why South Phoenix needs the light rail. Giving our impoverished communities better access to education and work opportunities is a great investment. The light rail would give easy access to two ASU campuses and many workplaces close by. I think maybe taking the bus along Broadway may be a better bet. Assuming by the southern and 22nd st stop you listed, you're near SMCC. There's route 30 that departs from SMCC and goes up through 32nd St and follows it past the I-10 and into University St. According to their route map it does go through ASU.
Thanks I'll have a look and I'll see if I can dig out any resources for families.
A quick search came up with this article borrowed from the LA Fox affiliate http://www.fox10phoenix.com/news/us-world-news/reports-ice-to-round-up-immigrant-families-for-deportation-in-10-cities-across-us-starting-sunday It doesn't have Phoenix listed as one of the cities but raids may still happen outside of that operation. Best thing for any undocumented persons to do is know they have the same basic rights as any documented resident, visitor, or citizen. * Police can't enter your home without a warrant or unless you let them in. * You have the right to remain silent. If you don't understand what is happening or what they are saying, remain calm and do not speak until you're connected with a lawyer. * Contact family or friends to get you a lawyer asap. * If pulled over by police, they also cannot search your vehicle The ACLU put out this article titled "We Have Rights" to help immigrants know their rights. They have videos is multiple languages so that many immigrant groups can view and understand them. All people within the US borders have rights granted to them by the US Constitution. https://www.aclu.org/issues/immigrants-rights/ice-and-border-patrol-abuses/we-have-rights
You won't get a bench warrant but they do add on more fees in addition to the ticket. I believe Scottsdale can just pin the notice on the door and that will count as it being served.
South Mountain is the best overall hiking mountain in the valley.
What time are you planning on hiking? The trails are open until 11pm, it's plenty dark by then. Parking lots close earlier but you can still access the trails from the dozens of trailheads.
I just check the Phoenix website for both north and south mountains and they both have the same trail schedule and parking lot hours. Parking lots have summer extended hours so they don't close the entrance gate until 9pm.
I like National trail often gets split as east and west National, I usually have done east but I've heard good things about west. Holbert trail gets you from the main entrance on Central Ave to Dobbins lookout and beyond to National. The western half of South Mountain also had many great trails I've yet to check out but there's three different mountain ranges within the park. https://www.phoenix.gov/parks/trails/locations/south-mountain/trail-descriptions-and-map
How do I know you're the real Gambo if your username isn't TheRealJohnGambadoro?
I want good bullpen Godley to show up
I didn't think the /s would be necessary
Fuck the keyhole, I WANT MY ANALOG CLOCK BACK!!!!
Aliens
Let's not forget that one of the first teams to move out to Arizona for spring training was to avoid racism. The owner of the Cleveland Indians, then owner of the Milwaukee Brewers, once inadvertently sat in the colored section of their spring training ballpark in Florida. The local Sheriff tried to force him to move to the whites section but the owner wouldn't move and argued back, eventually getting the mayor involved. As the Mayor tried to convince him to move the owner threatened to move the team out of their town. The owner sold the team shortly after and retired to Arizona. A few years later he bought the Cleveland Indians and, with a trip out to the great state of Arizona, convinced the then-New York Giants owner to also move his spring training home to Arizona in 1947. Other teams had spring training in Arizona before but none made it a permanent home until the Giants and Indians moved out followed by other teams shortly after. Cubs moved out here in 1952, I think.
Instagram is where all the cool hairdressers advertise these days.
Are you saying this is the result of the white man destroying their culture, language, and steals their land?
&gt;DM me for more details Ain't nobody got time fo dat
MCM?
Here's another one. While elementary and middle schools in Phoenix were required to be segregated, high schools were not. Yet, the Phoenix Union High School District still chose to segregate them. When the PUHSD founded Phoenix College, they chose to not segregate it, allowing men and women of all races to attend. When PC elected a black student body president in the early 1950s, a local businessman wrote to the dean demanding that he remove the black student as president. The dean at the time basically told the businessman to fuck off and that he would respect the outcome of the student elections as the students themselves chose the black student to represent them. The enrollment and admissions building at Phoenix College is called the Hannelly Center, named after the dean at the time, Dr Robert Hannelly.
You can tell because of the way it is. The web, that is.
It seems PUHSD was the only one that built a separate high school for black students, but I haven't really researched other school districts in the valley since many are newer and didn't exists before segregation was made illegal. Before they built a colored high school, the district just separated colored students in different classrooms and latter separate cottages away from the main building. The school is near downtown just south of Chase Field. It is called [George Washington Carver High School and was turned into a museum.](https://gwcmccaz.wordpress.com) It was one of the better examples of separate but equal, where they still had a good education (school administration implemented a policy that all teachers must have a Masters to teach there) and facilities, but funding was still prioritized for the white high schools. Initially called the Phoenix Union Colored High School, it operated from 1926 until it closed in 1954 after segregation in high schools was deemed unconstitutional by a Maricopa County Superior Court Judge.
Check the Phoenix/Glendale Public Library archives, this may require you do go in person as many archives aren't digitized. Also check County archives, Glendale CC was around in the 1950s when they were made independent of Phoenix College so they may have some great photos in their archives.
Personally I prefer Yoan Lopez over Yohan.
Asiendo pendejadas como éstas fue como se murió un abogado en Toronto https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Death_of_Garry_Hoy
Because the county was stupid and kept trying to grow grass. Now that the team took over the maintenance of the stadium that the county severely neglected, they found that it's better to use state-of-the-art artificial grass than play in patchy grass with dead spots and a hard surface. Due to our dry climate, the soil lost alot of moisture so the ball would bounce hard when it hit the grass compared to other fields. The new artificial grass is much more consistent in how the ball plays and is more similar to grass at other ballparks. Plus, it saves alot of water. The infill for the new grass needs to be kept moistened but that's a fraction of what is used to grow grass and the infield dirt still gets wet to prep it for games.
Yes, the infill that makes it a soft, grass-like consistency to walk/run/play on is biodegradable infill made from natural fiber from coconut husks. These need to be kept moist because dry infill will feel more like playing on dried, dead grass. [You can find more info from the manufacturer here.](https://www.shawsportsturf.com/resources/news-blog/b1k-batting-a-thousand-ushers-in-a-new-generation/) The Dbacks installed the artificial grass at some of the fields at Salt River Fields last year so players could get a feel for the new grass before the season started. The Texas Rangers are also installing the B1K grass in their new stadium next season.
[This is one of the fields with the new grass at SRF](https://i.vgy.me/3564QO.jpg)
I was open to the new grass but some traditionalists hated the idea. It saves water, cuts maintenance costs, lasts longer, and plays better than the previous grasses.
Faygo? Might as well drink garbage water.
It's about as close to real grass as anyone's gotten. Here's an article from [Arizona Sports they wrote on the first exhibition game at Chase Field this season and asked the CEO about the new grass. ](https://arizonasports.com/story/1888807/new-grass-awaits-diamondbacks-at-chase-field-in-2019/)
Use a suction cup, adhesives will either melt or crack.
No pos ta cabron
Estandar
O te va a llevar la policía por no portarte bien
Reusable bag is just like those reusable bags they sell at the Team Shop. Like this one http://www.stadiumgiveawayexchange.com/wp-content/uploads/2017/04/tote-bag-arizona-diamondbacks-4-29-2017.jpg
I use Central Ave in South Phoenix all the time. I'm not selfish enough to destroy a benefit to our impoverished communities just because it will inconvenience me. There's other routes to drive south/north.
[MRW I'm watching clips from 5 years ago](https://giphy.com/gifs/spongebob-squarepants-patrick-star-bal0OZzvIWGoU)
#[SimplyAJ](https://youtu.be/SywExJR4lrI)
Nah, just some lonely middle aged woman who tried to get a selfie with Cody Bellinger.
*Hire /u/jmoriarty as the officiant
Well, she can think about her actions in jail because the MLB and teams are no longer tolerating this sort of behavior so she was definitely arrested.
Did you hang out with Cleopatra? 😛
I remember when this meme had Archie's face on it.
Florida. Sorry, I just assumed people knew spring training used to mostly be in Florida before Arizona.
We use Grienke as a Pinch Hitter at least once between his starts.
Nah, Jesus is just saving Mary from that ferocious chinese dragon, just like in the Bible.
Did they increase the price of the upgraded seats? I thought it was still $15. I bought a ticket so I can't look at the ticket selection screen anymore
Come in down
They usually skip BP on day games due to the early start.
The dodgers think Taco Bell tacos are real tacos.
Does it have a battery or capacitor?
Sierra Club helps clean and maintain hiking trails
I wish Leyba could stay up longer
They still didn't do anything to us.
Oh, look. Infrastructure improvements... Tempe Trolley is finally being built.
First person video from the suspect's account: https://www.instagram.com/p/BzJLCIZDgAA/ Fan photos and videos shared by bellinger https://www.instagram.com/p/BzHr3BnFzeA/
Yes and some kid ran on the field at the end of the game Tuesday night.
She jumped in from the bleachers right next to the pool
Fucking Will Smith 😂😂
[Her Instagram shows how just how she got over the fence. ](https://www.instagram.com/p/BzJLCIZDgAA/?igshid=iudak1e3e29b)
If you don't vote for Ketel you might as well be a dodger fan.
You gotta trim the bush at the base to make it look mightier and taller.
I know most of you don't care about baseball but [vote for Ketel Marte of the Arizona Diamondbacks](http://dbacks.com/vote) to start the All-Star game. He more than deserves a spot in the starting lineup and All-Star Roster. Voting closes at 1pm. If you want to learn more about [Ketel Marte, I posted a write up about him on the /r/baseball and /r/azdiamondbacks subreddits.](https://www.reddit.com/r/baseball/comments/c5fdr3/a_story_about_arizona_diamondbacks_allstar/) While he's having one of the best seasons and breaking/setting records, sports media ignore small market baseball teams.
A HR ball during the game? Sure. But a BP ball? Just wait for the next one.
Glad to help
Did the firefighter/author of the book really call it the Gila River? It was the Salt River (Rio Salado) . The Gila River is nowhere close to Papago. The Salt River (Rio Salado) does converge with the Agua Fría River to join the Gila River but that's all the way to the west valley by Estrella. South Mountain used to be known and labeled on maps as the Salt River Mountains and before the Valley was known as the Valley of the Sun, it was commonly called the Salt River Valley. I'm tempted to buy the book just to see what other facts may be wrong.
Thank you!
This was at Chase Field.
I upgraded to section G so I had a pretty good view of that as well.
I used my personal, professional, student, employee, other student, other other student, and the dumb one I made in middle school.
Fuck that, Zack Greinke for DH
Are you betting on the game? The score doesn't matter as long as the dbacks win.
MLB baseballs aren't sold in buckets, [they're sold in boxes](https://www.rawlings.com/product/ROMLB.html). Almost $200 for a dozen.
Mesa residents must be downvoting cause this is gold.
It seems most people that think Filiberto's is great call guacamole "guac" and think avocado is called avocado in Spanish. It's alright, but it's gotten too overpriced for what it is, fast street food.
Chipotle is just fancy taco bell.
Why does it have to be inside the car?
Without a/c?
I gotchu bby ❤️
Laveen is basically South Phoenix Jr.
&gt;One day the wireless carriers may offer 5G home internet. Sounds like something /u/Logvin would know 🤔
Because Grienke is nearby
Zack Greinke is 12-3 with a 2.34 ERA (32 ER in 123.0 IP) in 19 career starts vs. Giants, including a 5-0 mark with a 1.37 ERA (7 ER in 46.0 IP) in 7 outings @ Oracle Park.
And you guys say Avila is slow
Ahmed should be an All-Star
Yes and because he's a dback.
Doing the Baseball Lord's work.
Not the Yankees
Where's /u/ThisMachineKILLS when we need him?
#In Greinke We Trust
Thanks!
[Jabroni, cool word! ](https://youtu.be/Hmvc4CMWkEw)
#FOGO POWER!!!
Get a new one
Photographing for what? Are you a photojournalist? Are you affiliated with any news organizations? Pretty sure getting a press pass through the appropriate channels would be better than showing up and asking to be let in.
Some places don't exactly care about their dancers as long as the money keeps flowing.
#AHMED 🐐
Because the architects and the giants completely forgot about bullpens when they were designing and building the stadium.
Most of the swole is from the balls that hit him.
If he's on fire then he needs to go to the Maricopa County Burn Unit, they're one of the best burn centers in the nation, I hear.
R
Well, you have to put out the fire first.
#[AHHHHHHHHHHH](https://youtu.be/SywExJR4lrI)
A quick bot 9th and he can get there easily
Hopefully he phoned in his order ahead of time
That wasn't a hit
Southwest Key is where they keep alot of the families/children. There's many locations and only some hold immigrants as far as I know. Not entirely sure on their location but there was a story not too long ago of a caretaker sexually abusing the kids. I'm pretty sure the article mentioned the location.
What's with these losers going to different team subreddits and trolling?
/u/ThisMachineKILLS
/u/ilonzo /u/Jakooboo /u/notocho
How about 5 samurai swords and unlimited guacamole?
#NICK SCORES!!!
Greinke about to go yard on MadBum, too.
I doubt that player rings are gold plated so this is likely a replica ring sold to the public. Gold plated jewelry covers copper or another metal with a thin coat of gold that eventually tarnished or wears away.
Joe died in 2016, they wore a patch for him and everything.
The umpire could eject whoever is in the sound booth.
Some dude's mom just got deported after running out of appeals for protection and now he has to go back to the army cause he was on leave for Christmas and can't visit his mom in Mexico due to military regulations. https://amp.cnn.com/cnn/2020/01/03/us/army-officer-mom-deported/index.html
I was also there that game and remember it was one of the games that dodgers travel group attended where they bring out that disgustingly huge dodgers banner they unfurl across the whole section. They got all the other local dodger fans all riled up and after about the 5th inning they all quieted down after getting shut out with only 1 hit. I always wished they would've kept Archie as a starter after he lost the starting position to Taijuan Walker out of spring training. He began to rely more on his fastball as a reliever and lost his other pitches so players began to hit him.
As requested by /u/Nick96311
I gotchu fam https://www.reddit.com/r/azdiamondbacks/comments/ekeywd/20110709_allens_monster_solo_shot_to_rf/
I still don't know exactly what Momo is
The dbacks partnership with the Naranjeros of Hermosillo, Sonora has made many of their fans also dbacks fans since they have alot of outreach events for families and local little leagues. New Mexico is more dodgers and Rockies around ABQ. I've noticed Vegas has a good share of Dbacks fans, not too sure about the rest of NV, and Utah is a bit all over the place. I highly doubt any significant amount of desert CA residents will be dbacks fans as it seems anyone remotely connected to Southern California claims to be a dodgers fan.
They could've opened it for the cooler temps but closed it because a monsoon storm was coming and nobody told the roof guy.
The county owns the stadium and according to the lease contract at the time, was responsible for all maintenance and for keeping the stadium "state of the art." The county began to neglect the stadium, causing multiple leaks and structural issues, among other problems, and it's no longer state of the art. The team kept demanding the county fix the issues but the county refused saying the stadium was fine and tried to prove it by hiring their own inspector. The inspector concluded that the stadium needed around $180 million in basic repairs to keep operating safely. This did not include cosmetic repairs or improvements, like new technologies or display screens that fall under the "state-of-the-art" clause. The diamondbacks told the county that they would fix the stadium and would take care of future maintenance but in return the team would keep all revenue from ALL stadium events and would take over operations. The county operated the stadium and the team only kept renevue from their own games but any revenue from non-MLB events went to the county. The county refused this deal so the team began legal action against the county. In arbitration, the county and team agreed the the same deal the team had proposed previously and additionally received a one time sum payment for maintenance and the ability to abandon the lease earlier with conditions.
Still doesn't make it right
You won't get to choose, they'll give them out randomly.
The world does, humanity doesn't.
*el airecito se intensifica*
Do it for the free game, just say no at buying a package if you don't want to.
Pitchers reporting means something if you're there for spring training. All practices are open to the fans and you can find many opportunities to get close to your favorite players and snag a few autographs and make small talk. Even if it's only pitchers and catchers, it's exciting to be at the start of baseball season.
I'm in downtown so I'm pretty much in the middle to all clubs for spring training.
You should go with the '98 expansion teams, Tampa Rays and Arizona Diamondbacks. Then you'll have a team for each league and will only have to root against one in interleague play every few seasons.
I'm surprised a baseball player hasn't been killed in a car crash in the Dr this offseason. It seems like it has happened for the past few offseasons.
["Call 1-800-THE-EAGLE" ](https://youtu.be/YmedOyBt33U)
From what I remember from last year, I just got the tickets from the normal fan fest site but since I used my STH account to claim them they were changed to STH tagged tickets about a week before fan fest. I claimed like 20 tickets and gave them out to people and no one had any issue getting in that I know of. I'm not sure how they'll do it at Chase Field but at Salt River Fields, they had early entry at the same gates as normal admission. Gate B and J (weekends only) are the early entry gates for STH during the season so I'm guessing it may be the same for Fan Fest.
Yeah, I would have them claim tickets now. They can also contact the rep to be sure. I thought I replied to you and I just sent another message 🤔 I just checked my sent messages and nothing recent is showing up ¯\\\_(ツ)_/¯
Now we need to extend Ahmed.
Eh, it seems someone likes to follow me and downvote most comments and posts.
Remember when "everyone" was saying Robbie was getting traded?
1988
Padres are gonna win a WS before the dodgers do.
I was there until the 13th. I left cause I had work at 3am...
No one is mentioning tipping the brinca brinca in its side. The best was a sideways brinca brinca getting unplugged. There was nowhere to go.
Papá = father👨 Papa/patata = potato 🥔 Papa = pope Never heard anyone use patata. Everyone in my family says papa for potato. Like papas con chorizo, papas fritas, etc.
Eh, saw some misinformation in some of the comments. MLB already investigated this instance, Ariel Prieto voluntarily gave them his phone and watch to inspect, and found no instances of cheating. This incident is what some use as justification that the dbacks are also involved in cheating.
I don't get it
Your parents did taxes?
Always heard colita de rana, not culto de rana. That just sounds weird to me.
You should feel special that Greinke even stared at you. I've seen many fans try to get his attention and he usually just ignores it and does his own thing.
Hazen just playing 20D chess
ok, boomer
For those out of the loop: Gurriel - 👉😑👈
If you can ride a horse through downtown Phoenix you should definitely be able to ride one in Portland.
I wish I could find a longer video showing just how long Machado stared into the dugout at Yoan.
Yeah, he was such a bum. Only held back the team.
Yeah, formerly because they went out of business and now other brands are filling the void.
Have some respect and add a # to the beginning of your comment
Definitely. At least he's still BFFs with Robbie Bae. I like to think he truly felt comfortable with the Dbacks, enough to start making good friends.
/u/cubman2000 remember this?
I'm still gonna cheer for him when he comes. It sucks that he's basically stuck with the Astros now unless they trade him.
Physics
Big if true
Phoenix is the 5th largest city and one of the largest metropolitan areas but the dbacks aren't really considered a big market team. The problem here is that as a retirement location, (basically Chigago/Midwest Jr) and its spring training roots, the city's baseball fans follow all teams with the Giants, Cubs, dodgers, and Yankees among the most popular. Not defending Houston cause the whole city seems to back the Astros and their baseball market is much larger than ours. Just pointing out that population size doesn't necessarily mean a proportional market.
What position did he play again?
Basic dodger fundamentals
Dodgers pumping money and still can't win gold. Even if the Astros wouldn't have cheated they still would've found a way to lose.
2020 is our year, you heard it here first
Back when the dodgers were trash they had such a hard time filling up their stadium. Most dodgers fans today are just bandwagoners that hitched onto a winning team. Being a dodger fan is the current fad for socal residents and LA celebrities.
This is the only true answer. #FUCK THE DH
I said longest not largest ಠ_ಠ
Also, Ahmed with the heads up baserunning getting a triple to tie the game after a Caleb Joseph single after trailing the Cardinals after a Goldschmidt home run. Staying the whole game and seeing Baxter run out of extra inning rally costumes was great.
Looks like Justin Turner's cousin
A true organist. Love the bit about playing Takin' Care of Business for Mark Grace.
No, they actually signed an extension with the City of Phoenix to stay in Maryvale. They got a whole renovation of the complex out of it. https://www.azcentral.com/story/news/local/phoenix/2017/11/15/milwaukee-brewers-25-yearsphoenix-approves-deal-revamp-maryvale-stadium-keep-milwaukee-brewers-25-ye/866658001/
Your fault for moving to California in the first place
Eh, I prefer the sign say something like "Even without the cheating dodgers would have lost 2017/2018, change my mind"
Bigger twist than M. Night Shamalamadingdong
I posted a different one the other day that also involved the dodgers
Well, it's a travel plan so it should include airfare right? That's a pretty good deal if so. Just get a cheap airbnb or a hostel.
While smacking a bat against their hand
I'd argue that Zack Greinke's social media is the best, it just fits him perfectly.
The sobadora
They already announced a case where I live so I'm about to stock up on Vicks
This sub: DbAcKs ShOuLd TeAr It AlL dOwN aNd Do A fUlL rEbUiLd! Mike Hazen: Nah, hold my beer. \*cracks knuckles*
Rodney still has a ring before the dodgers tho. Rodney&gt;dodgers
Definitely, though I'll add that I'd rather the Astros Win again before the dodgers.
No, he just finally hired a competent GM
Ok, boomer
Obviously the baby is going to the beach to get tanned so a shirt isn't an option
There was never going to be a tank
The tours are worth it and they're only like $7 but make sure to schedule them ahead of time as spring training visitors buy up the tour tickets pretty quickly. Roof will likely be open.
You spelled NL West wrong
Which part of the movie is Chapter 13?
Aren't their social media accounts their own personal accounts? It's like your crazy uncle posting conspiracy theories on Facebook, they have a right to post whatever they want. Just because they're a sports journalist doesn't mean they can't post about other things. You follow them at your own risk.
The other 10% [lean like a cholo](https://youtu.be/7fpta-CXnhs)
Congelar = freeze Descongelar = unfreeze Literal translation
Not really
I'm talking local, which is the one that matters most as the local government is what affects the local residents. The federal government didn't vote in the racist Sheriff or appointed the police chiefs. Mesa is still the worst PD here because they refuse to change and the city leadership refuses to do anything about it. They forced their police chief to resign because he wanted to hold his officers more accountable for their actions and the police union fought against it. Ducey sure as shit didn't care that downtown Phoenix was destroyed, it was only until the violence was close to the affluent in Scottsdale that he decided to act. There's a pretty clear difference of demographics between both locations. Neither political party is perfect but it's really apparent which one cares more for us, the people. You're right in that we must vote out those who go against the will of the people as apathy in the polls is what got us into this mess.
We're Arizona time.
Saying they're from out of state isn't saying much considering how close the neighbor states of PA, NJ, and CT are to NYC.
That's what I call general haberdashery! 🎩
I'm assuming that's 12 credits/full time? If so that's really good. I paid a few hundred less than that for community college here.
#🤯
Neat! 📸
That's fucked
I loved how Emily was so ecstatic when Zack initiated a selfie with her.
It's Santa Monica, Minnesota, you know, from how much Spanish influence there is in city/town names in Minnesota and the Upper Midwest/Great Lakes region.
I'm down.
Not sure about the embassy but other groups are protesting across Mexico due to the death of a young man that was arrested by the police for refusing to wear a mask in the beginning of May. His lifeless body was then returned to his mother by the police in late May. They're protesting police corruption and brutality.
The final dry is never from the towel
The most popular one was Operation Repo where they'd get repo jobs that other companies refused or couldn't complete because of crazy people since it made for good TV.
It was a new apartment complex under construction. Apparently the cops saw someone shooting at the fire and arrested them, no word if they are an arson suspect or not.
Or sched.
Confirmación que Homero es un mod.
Because that boy ain't right
Even AZ allows you to vote by mail permanently without any reason, just check the box to enroll in the permanent early voting list when registering or updating your voter info. We also get early voting, which has been expanded by 2 additional weeks due to the pandemic. You can mail your ballots back or drop it off at any polling station.
I'm outside all the time, I play with my dog in my yard every morning and evening. I take him on walks and take him to the Rio Salado, never seen a scorpion. My area doesn't have any since it's one of the oldest neighborhoods and they've long been eradicated from here.
I live near downtown Phoenix and one morning I almost ran over a coyote on my drive to work. The Rio Salado nearby has coyotes but they're are known to travel way into the city in search of food.
I never said there weren't scorpions here, only that I've never seen any. I saw my first rattlesnake a few weeks ago and I've lived here all my life. I know people who see them frequently. I see plenty of coyotes and I know people who've never seen any.
Glendale Ave is new compared to my area...
I like the current colors aside from the horrible light grey. Personally, I want to explore a design with mix of the original and current color scheme. Use Sedona Red, Purple, the true Turquoise insteal of teal, black, and Copper instead of sand. I'd make a mock up but I'm not very graphic design savvy.
Downtown Phoenix, AZ no signal at all. Wi-Fi calling only works on landlines
Los mods usan [esta bicicleta](https://youtu.be/QZdqjt8ihkY)
Everyone gonna pick El Boracho.
No, NZ is up to 2 cases, not down to. They were completely free of any cases them two women from the UK was allowed to forgo the mandatory quarantine due to a family emergency (funeral).
Much more from the Midwest and Chicago. We have a good amount of local Chicago chains in Phoenix. The Chicago-Phoenix influence can be traced back to the early history of Phoenix. William Wrigley Jr. built a mansion here and many early tuberculosis patients were sent down to Arizona because of the "clean", dry air.
Doesn't change the fact that Florida has a suspiciously low death rate compared to other states with similar case numbers, yet less high risk residents. Mexico has been covering their death numbers by classifying deaths as "atypical pneumonia" so they can report low deaths.
🌮🌮, 🌯, 🌯
I love living here, but then again I love the outdoors and there's no shortage of nature here and I don't mind the heat since I grew up here. I find most people complaining about the Phoenix area live out in the suburbs, which is understandable since it's just as the post describes. I'd be miserable too if I had to live in some planned community under HOA rule that constantly smells like manure because they built over the farms and ranches that date to the late 1800s/early 1900s. Take the same location in the photo and tilt the angle so that the mountains enveloping the valley are shown and add in a sunrise or sunset and, boom, tourism ad.
Why do you choose to live or work so far away? I never get why someone would willingly choose a miserable commute.
Well, the suburbs here aren't exactly being developed with greenery in mind. We're a desert, having whole developments with grass and big, leafy, water-hungry trees isn't sustainable environmentally and economically. Most of the homes built in the past couple decades have xeriscapes with drought resistant and local plants.
Yay!
Low T
He started smiling in public more after he left LA and signed with the dbacks. The photos of his and Robbie Ray's double dates are great since you can see how happy his wife makes him.
He loves hitting so if they do implement the universal DH then it may influence him to hang it up. I'm hoping he stays as long as possible.
To be fair, at that age most kids are pretty awkward.
They're called Matachines and they can be from any tribe in Mexico or Latin America but most people just call them Aztec dancers because it's easier. They normally perform to honor the Lady of Guadalupe on Dec 12th. The Virgin of Guadalupe appeared to a poor native man and performed miracles, becoming instrumental in recruiting many native tribes to catholicism. The headdresses vary in style but, in general, the dances and beats are the same.
What if someone did manage to release the aliens which unleashed the coronavirus after one was captured and eaten in China 🤯 😱
Ya ves lo que hiciste
Maybe Friday's will reopen.
We already have chemical peels that use acid to burn off the top layers of skin. We're halfway there
I hope he's been more careful since his dad got it a few months ago. But Archie is Archie.
Ponte en la cola means get in line, for those wondering why they would write that. So in their intended meaning it is: STOP Use gel (hand sanitizer) and get in line and please wait for your turn. Thank you.....!
Only if you have hemorrhoids
103°F is sweater weather, watchu talkin bout?
Obviously it's not ["his African American."](https://youtu.be/KcklUUIsdcw)
Don't forget Arizona, where an isolated league was proposed.
&gt;You don't see shirtless men acting this way about a "no shirt, no service sign". You'd be surprised...
It's tamal, not tamale.
Production Quality 💯💯💯
Weren't they good until the last of May?
Well, you see, I merely reacted to the title without reading the substance of your post so I was not aware of such details. 🧐 That sucks though. They should've been refunded by late April.
Douchey just closed them again https://ktar.com/story/3348748/ducey-shuts-down-bars-nightclubs-gyms-for-30-days-as-virus-cases-surge/
These are awesome!
Volvo language is ok though
