FOR THE MANY
Never thought 4k restoration had a point until now
I'm supposed to be reading actual *books*, so absolutely yes I will.
If you wait until evening then downtown will evacuate itself and you can minimize civilian casualties.
Every rink should have a hole to crawl into for moments like that. Edit: upvote that person for being honest about their mistake
Chewing your barbecue food loudly in the theatre is good praxis
[Leave Giamatti out of this](https://www.nydailynews.com/resizer/MVsicQZVYvgrIZ8UwAXT3A-amqU=/1400x0/arc-anglerfish-arc2-prod-tronc.s3.amazonaws.com/public/4M2LHJPKNCFRMOG4VWNN2FRL2Q.jpg)
But do we laugh with the chuds?
Hear me out What if these articles, instead of saying Elon Musk, just said SpaceX?
hell yeah, brother
He's there for the insider analysis
"I was saying Blues..."
As though anyone who watches a single period would say that
I haven't been able to rest easy on a 5-0 first period lead ever since that shitshow against the Hawks years ago.
Lac Megantic
nah
69
[PISS] [PISS] [PISS] [PISS]
You can't be serious
The taste of boot never leaves some lips
Thanks for showing us this
*aboard a runaway train* "Is there an engineer on board? It's an emergency!" "Well, yeah, but..."
Personal property, dummy
&gt;Have a look. What do you think? "Whomst amongst us wouldn't have cast those shitty votes?"
[Of course it's been done already](http://img14.deviantart.net/3d57/i/2012/193/9/d/baraka_obama_by_machriderz-d5716vv.png)
Semper post
Engels can't be less than forty there
&gt;2 books Til, thank you. I still have my copy of (what I assume is) the first
Chug your gato
mmmmmmmmmfffffffffff
Keith is almost that
Usually when they score I just post "HOCKEY" so don't be too hard on yourself
"It's amazing to me how popular (Bennett) is in this city," Francis is a fucking moron and I'm not surprised that he doesn't understand popularity.
&gt;suck my trudeau Incredibly lame
Oh, well that's a goal
Love the mood whiplash in here Flames: best Goddamn faith: have Win: incoming
Better
HOCKEY
Did I see Backs cursing on camera?
Shootouts are lame
Even if. Look at this snoozefest, compare it to the game.
I just thought the comments in this thread were overly credulous. You're not exactly under deep cover.
Pretty wholesome throughout, with the minor exception of "finishes his career with 1003 tilts" being kind of funny. Scrappin' Matty!
Mind-boggling that anyone needs this explained
I wish
Optimism is a defining feature of the left
Oui
Incredible dunk, considering
Merci, c'est vrai
Shame on you for taking care of your child Edit: don't upvote me for a lame joke, upvote /u/TogetherInABookSea for raising their child right in a fucked up world
Argue with me instead of your relatives, comrade. I'm making a distinction between leftism and nihilism because I believe the former intends to do something about it whether we die in the fire or not, while I see the latter (and you right now) as having abandoned all hope and foresight in favour of being right. Believe me, I get it; anti-natalism has never felt more right. I'll die optimistic, though. What's the point otherwise?
Astonishing that he wasn't already fired for this. Into the sun, even.
The true originals
How?
Black Jeopardy is the exception that makes the rule.
&gt;I dislike everything about Cobain Inspirational
8yrs/$9.5mil per? I'll take Mackinnon at $6.3 for that particular criteria.
I thought so too, but not sure what makes three years such a great term in that case. Not saying $9.5 is bad now, and it certainly won't be in the end of his deal as long as he's still scoring, but it's only the right price, not a steal.
They haven't taught the bots to read English yet
Rose emoji is a DSA symbol. "Bread and roses."
Her disgusted yet resigned "Jesus Christ" was one of my favourite bits
Twenty James Neal goals for the Flames, and a full recovery followed by a new contract for Micheal Ferland.
Poorly repping the Buffy fandom
I was just thinking along the lines of we standardize a few talking points to spam every police dog post with, some unassailable appeal to emotion that doesn't bog itself down with overt anti-police or anti-capitalist sentiment.
You can easily tell Maine from Canadian by the shape of the lobster's skull, I don't know where he thought he was going to wind up by insisting they're the same species.
*poses the lobster holding the calipers*
Mmmmmnope
ayyyyy-natural
But how much time has elapsed?
Who are these guys
Chapo fave Matthew Walther speaking the truth in the top third of the article, I always knew he was on the ball.
Imagine being here at 10k
Gaudreau for the hat-trick answers my question
Buff retaliating for [this](https://thumbs.gfycat.com/PhonyParchedGrison-mobile.mp4)
Anyone who says "that was so badass" without acknowledging the tragedy of the moment can get fucked.
I go for highlights. Every fucking chicken. Jon vs cavalry Light of the Seven These are just some latter-half highlights. The whole thing is 60+hrs right now, only commit if you haven't done it twice already. I feel like such a shithead for saying that unironically, but it's a really fun re-watch.
My very good friend who was poisoned by centrism like the rest of us: "capitalism can be reformed." Me: "here's a couple books and a podcast with an active subreddit." Him two months later: "I started browsing chapo and my immediate reaction was 'I agree with everything here!'" This reflects either the efficacy of an active community in normalizing viewpoints that sound untenable or radical coming from one breathless drunk, or the overall shift of /r/ChapoTrapHouse to succdem as it grows, in which case link to more radical subs and refer back to my first possibility.
Every time I start to like them a little bit
Are you just saying that he looks like Key?
Consistency is a hell of a thing. Even hitting the legs twice in one week will dramatically reduce recovery time, provided enough rest and nutrition. Hitting them every workout will make you forget why you hate doing them.
Ding ding ding
Gonna need to see some citations first. Start with a couple dick pics.
I'm looking forward to revisiting it at some point. All I remember is black protagonists and wealthy white villains, with a more frightening take on zombies (because they're live, imprisoned people rather than supernatural beings).
I'll be right over, don't finish it yet
Laphroaig and salt, separate
I need the peat
My Laphroaig habit stems from a weekend at Emerald Lake Lodge so I'm unfairly weighting it as the smokiest, only scotch there is. I'll consider the Bowmore next, pyro solidarity.
Gaudreau-trick: 3G, 1A and an uncalled slash against
Dube with a goddamn shot New fave
&gt; the little guy That's why you're so consistently critical of police violence, I'm sure.
HE CALLED IT
GENUINE EXCITEMENT
Gudbranson sucks
Mark SHGankowski
tbh I think there's a case for "he lost sight of the puck behind a goalie who was "covering" without much traffic to stop him" but it's still infuriating
Hamonic with two goddamn shots New fave
In the heat of the moment I think I missed that the quick whistle on Backlund's no-goal was because of a delayed penalty call. Is that right? What's the rule on when the whistle should blow, in relation to the offending team taking possession? Could it be revised to keep play alive when the goalie plays, but doesn't cover the puck? Should a delayed penalty call be the reason that a high danger chance evaporates?
Neal scores tonight
I've texted my friends at the game to request a chant of either "REAL DEAL" or the extended "REAL DEAL JAMES NEAL" in case the crowd needs spoonfeeding. Anyone else able to contribute to this important effort can consider themselves a part of the Flames' imminent success thanks to the hero we need and deserve, James Neal.
Randorf things
HEART, SOUL, GOAL
YOU ARE LOOKING PERFECT WE'RE LOOKING ALMOST AS GOOD
He had a good keep-in at the point in the first
lmaoooooook
I invite you to spend ten seconds trawling my comment history to figure out where my allegiance lies
It's perfect, but such a shame to trap him inside the card
Good shift
You're 1212
No, that's BAFTA. Bopha made hockey helmets back in the day.
This fucking memelord
Two spirited, close.
Martin running the Clinton '16 strategy, very bold.
It was at least a couple mistakes
Rachel Let's Cook
I want to play along but I'm trying to visualize an impossibly obtuse cube
This is substantial criticism
Then they get to the Future bit and they're sucked right back in
Playing to his base. You don't get as far into linguistics as knowing what a preposition is without understanding that AAVE is a thing, so his whole "I don't know what this has to do with a canine" is just "blax r dum, yeah?" with ~~plausible~~ deniability.
This is like the enlightened genius I spar with on Facebook who insists that Benny can't be racist, he's Jewish.
&gt;getting laid This sub isn't really the place for talking about obscure hobbies but cool, I guess.
Really could have had a chance at getting "Fush Yu Mang" back into the memestream, but they blew it again
Now, starvation, that's exciting
Whereas, dude, I am observing that rampant inequality under capitalism means that many people are still struggling to have their needs met, and the notion that "equality is boring" does nothing to take the edge off that fact.
Less jokes, more theory
Nah, you should learn about communism every chance you get.
Ironically, many of us grow up so privileged that we become convinced that our good fortune is the result of hard work and good ethics, while at the same time condemning drug users for demanding handouts without a moment of introspection.
Quality double entendre
Political compasses are astrology for men
lmao moron
Imagine thinking drag queen story time isn't the raddest shit
Thank you
Nah, it's pretty new. Source.
This. Putting a polite, technocratic face on regressive policy isn't some noble, laudable act, all the less so when it's done in concert with the extremist right wing they claim to oppose. This shift is why the Liberals are so easily bought by capital, too.
Those don't sound like workers
*theme music* SAM: "Okay." *pause* "Uuhhhhhh, let's" MICHAEL: "This was going to-" SAM: "Hmm? It seems, that is, Dave Rubin... Dave *thinks* that" *laughter off-mic* SAM: "that I am, I guess, obsessed with him." MICHAEL, JEWISHLY: *tangent*
I've been wasting so much time debating centrists and chuds online that I've just resorted to insulting them instead of trying to convince them of anything other than that they're wrong and dumb. People who take criticism in good faith tend to seek it out.
[Me reading the news](https://youtu.be/0w6L93kD3xw)
But who's cumming in their grandpa's pants?
Yeah, that'll teach her
No, we need to fill as many boots as possible. Remove *penises* from the military and see where that gets us.
RIP Tony, one of my fave songwriters of all time
I got milkshaked so hard I had DOMS for a week
Come on, this isn't consistent with the effort you put in to understanding "socialism"
No, you're just parroting anti-communist propaganda as though it can be divorced from your understanding of socialism.
If Vishnu was real we'd steal his children to be chattel slaves in restaurants
Looks like whiteness just got a little more exclusive
Even the Church of Satan knows ACAB
Did Phil Spencer drop an unironic "strategery"?
You think it's one boxer's responsibility to get rich so he can personally fund his government? lmao
It was a cow house
good bit
[In 2012, there were 292,074 robberies of all kinds, including bank robberies, residential robberies, convenience store and gas station robberies, and street robberies. The total value of the property taken in those crimes was $340,850,358. By contrast, the total amount recovered for the victims of wage theft who retained private lawyers or complained to federal or state agencies was at least $933 million in 2012.](https://www.epi.org/publication/wage-theft-bigger-problem-forms-theft-workers/)
I'd like to seize a vowel
He can't miss them, they're huge
There's a podcast called [The Trial of James Alex Fields](https://m.soundcloud.com/wtju/sets/the-trial-of-james-alex-fields) that everyone should listen to. The evidence presented at trial left absolutely zero room to dispute that Fields was a Nazi who killed Heather Heyer with intent. His only true regret is not killing more. It can get graphic, so anyone who might be bothered by the details should probably avoid it, but anyone else with questions about the incident or the trial should queue it up yesterday.
I'll spark that big doint with my Meow The Jewels matchbook
"You will never swim again," said the Three-Eyed Raven, "but you will climb."
&gt;+31% accepts the science of climate change "Climate change is a fact and is mostly caused by natural changes" is not remotely equivalent to "accepting the science" when the science is pretty clear in identifying human industry as the primary driver of climate change. /u/TheRadBaron was right to say only 49% of us accept the science.
*extremely woke voice* It's foolish to think the Liberals could bring running water to so many reserves when the Americans can't even do it for *their own people*
The only good cop
If you're using mass tagger, it's probably people who go there to argue with lobsters.
Solidarity forever
Cops -&gt; white people -&gt; PoC
As a proposal for expanding their output?
A bunch of signs on lampposts that say "you've got the truck, we need the pulling" should get er done
Cool
Can't wait to hear you explain how one person "creates" $300mil in a week without leveraging existing infrastructure
I haven't seen Mad Men. Is Draper a grifter who has no fucking idea what's going on throughout? That's the implication I get from this tweet.
&gt;a majority of people My take here is that this pitch won't mobilize new voters, thus losing 2016 in perpetuity
The artist isn't being credited with "$300mil in a week" you fucking dunce
lmao thanks this is good
"Musk was a worker"
I believe the scale of exploitation that allows Musk to be such a sack of shit is a significant enough reason to differentiate between him and the artist here, and I don't see what point you're trying to make.
I'm guilty of being a dipshit who needs to read more so maybe I just don't understand why a business model based on taking a cut from every transaction you can isn't exploitative, extractive, rent-seeking, or anti-social.
Implying that the Warriors don't have that ability? 🤔 Or should I be more concerned that you think that separating the man from the position is a good thing we should aspire to? Is the presidency not already marred by a long history of racial discrimination?
It would be inconsequential, because any meeting between sports teams and political leaders is just theatre. I'm more interested in why you would say that NHL teams visiting the White House is a neutral activity done by rational people, while the Warriors skipping the visit signifies their inability to reason their way into accepting the invitation (assuming they were invited, I'm not clear on that).
Shoutout to /r/AskHistorians for brooking no shit and setting it straight at every opportunity
I see what you're saying, I think; the value of celebrating the win on a prestigious national stage should be a motivating factor. Where I believe we disagree is on whether either office truly holds that prestige. I would argue that the current trend of NBA teams skipping the Oval Office is a good conversation starter, and will really get interesting when Trump leaves. As for the prestigious stage, whatever, they get the media blitz. We can accommodate the spectacle and let it involve people who deserve to share the honour instead of clowns like Trump and Trudeau. How's that?
Wow
Were they even necessary questions? Are there equivalent questions being asked of white politicians? I know, I know, gotta tailor your image to the electorate, but fuck.
Why am I crying and erect at the same time
"The other person" responded clearly and coherently to each facet of your argument, making a case that is both factually and morally supported. You leaned into shallow idealism and pretended they weren't running roughshod over you. lmao dude
Stereotypes aside, even white people have more ass than that
You can terraform Mars with that money, idiot
GMBT doesn't take *prisoners*
Any relation to mon ami Français, Guy au Tine?
In my heart I want to be an anarchist, but I've never heard a good anarchist plan for dealing with climate change, let alone the fash.
&gt;lmao no get fucked -anarchists
I hate you forever
He answered a question about his pay when he did an AMA, I don't recall exactly because he was a little cagey about it but I believe he implied that he's paid a salary, not a cut.
We're talking about how they make their money.
Socialism is when you don't know shit
juche gang
&gt;They are all Easy now, it's only the vast majority
We really need more axes
I'm still in the trenches, cursing out my MLA
I'm starting a degree next year so that's probably not on the table. I'd rather agitate, educate and organize anyway.
There is power in a union
cheers from Iraq
The full value of my labour
Implying there will still be ice in 2050
&gt;fren Kill your family then yourself
Rookie numbers We can hit 1mil/yr, I know it
Well yeah, WWII was effectively a massive wealth transfer from Europe to the US, so of course the trend that follows will be the leveraging of that capital. The people follow the work and the work follows the money. Doesn't mean that North Americans are fundamentally more enlightened than the rest of the world, just more privileged.
How fucking dumb are you
No, you misinterpret me; I don't think you're annoying for your use of fascist talking points, (for that I find you contemptible,) but rather for your flowery language meant to portray you as a reasonable, measured commenter when in fact what you're saying is unsupported by evidence and useless to any discussion. Thanks for nothing.
Atheist comrade checking in, I'll keep you in mind and look forward to the update. Solidarity!
Believing this is proof they don't
I'll bet your grandpa lost his plantation and you're still mad about it
This photo is pre-revolution you fucking dunce
Hey, dipshit, when do you think this photo was taken?
Anti-communism is reddit's lifeblood and if you doubt me, look at the sort of shit that gets gilded.
I think you're missing my point. The overreaction is a tactic to undermine the quality of the institution.
Yeah, that's definitely my tendency
&gt;great point Counterpoint: it's actually very dumb
I immediately came here for confirmation
I will fistfight every fucking one of you
&gt;~~spent money~~ *given money to reddit* It's worse than you think
Jews are made of carbon, idiot
Electoral victory comes from the barrel of a gun
There are only two classes that merit the distinction.
Gotta maintain that rate of profit somehow
While the commenter you replied to rightly admitted that his wording could have been better, and while trying to quantify and rank tragedies is callous and pointless, it's worth acknowledging that the crash was a tragic failure of one man's driving and one company's training, but the consequences Sidhu is facing are a tragic failure of an entire country's justice system. Far worse people than Jaskirat Sidhu walk free and enjoy the benefits of citizenship.
I explicitly ask my guests for feedback, especially on shit I don't drink. Make them important, keep them coming back, learn me any goddamn thing.
I just see a bunch of people having a good time. Go hard!
Beef Wellington, you're a champ
Fair.
Really consistent argument you're making here
&gt;customer complaints At least actually *read the fucking article*
wtf I love something something now
My thought exactly
Would you care to help me farm vertebra shackles? I'll give you, uh, several rotten ghru shields.
Did you get it done? I'd love an excuse to get back into that fight.
&gt;both sides when you're using your *whole brain*
youve gone way over your ellipsis budget and now the rest of us cant punctuate our sentences so thanks for that you useless concern troll
"Why don't you just invite homeless people to live with you?" I've been expected more than once to take that question seriously.
You still doing this? I'm in the exact same boat.
Demon Princes first phase is brilliant, wtf
Finding out that you can choose the Prince's moveset changed my whole perception of this boss. In the first phase, I find it easier to focus on the demon who aggros immediately, but once I realized that was causing me to suffer against the Prince I switched tactics. Now when I do it the first phase is slightly more difficult, (because managing the aggro is different), but the second phase is a lot more manageable as a result. No other boss has gone from "I hate this" to "I love this" so dramatically.
Pionk? The karate guy?
&gt;no defining ethos besides owning the libs. Maintaining existing hierarchies, which is also why the libs so readily collaborate with them.
Username relevant Bars are doing straight men a favour by incentivizing patronage from women. If you don't like paying a cover, go somewhere shittier where you belong.
The most fun.
Yes please! I just got home, good timing. I've got to get up to speed on password summons, and I suppose I owe you a +karma or something, at least. I'm currently at Farron Perimeter, but give me like ten minutes to get set up.
Good analogy, thanks!
I remembered too late that my controller batteries are dead, so I'm on the m+k meaning I don't know how to wave, but hi! Let's assume I need like twenty-five of these, and you can provide as many as you feel like.
Seems like I've got to lay the sign and invade your world
Do you want anything in particular in return? Want to help me walk all over a few bosses after this for kicks?
Sorry for the suboptimal pace, I'm learning the kb controls as I go.
Nine more! My nephew is fascinated. Lil nerd has no idea what's in store.
Yup, turning them in now.
nails, at church of yorshka
I'd happily take you to Aldrich and Yhorm after this, if you're down.
+karma
I wound up with another helper, thanks! We're at Anor Londo about to smash Aldrich, pw: nails if you want to join up.
Hang tight for a minute, there's another sunbro who might join up
Yhorm is next but I've got to start from Distant Manor, feel free to join in if you'd like.
Distant Manor, you bet
+karma
Cool
Dancer?
Dancer?
Nice. Dragonslayer Armour, fiveish minutes?
All good, thanks! You've been a great help.
Thanks for helping me farm!
I'm farming sunlight medals on PC and I'm ready to go for Lothric and Lorian, if you feel like it. pw:nails at Grand Archives
FWIW I have the shortcut available if you want to start at Dancer and meet at the boss door instead
I can escort you there after this if you want. Do you know the way, roughly?
My sign is down at the top of the ladder/bridge
I'm not sure where the fog gates go up between areas here, so we might need to do the summon in the lake proper, but find me at the bridge and we'll see.
Do you have a sign down? That may prevent you from seeing mine.
That's why. Let's try after the first bonfire in Smouldering, you can sprint to it quick.
I'm just outside the cave after the Abandoned Tomb
Do you need to beat this guy too?
Say no more fam
I'm not even a woman, I just expect other men to take responsibility for their own ignorance once in a while. I also have better things to do than explain to one moron how race and gender are different vectors for discrimination.
I find it interesting that you have to rely on speed to beat Gael when my experience was that the Heavy Claymore was pretty reliable at staggering him every few hits, encouraging me to be aggressive but still cautious.
I'm at work right now and all I have left for platinum (DS3, PC) is Leonard's quest line and farming Concords. If you're still at it in an hour or so when I'm home, I might have you come walk all over Aldrich with me (NG+5, so I'm not ashamed to ask for help).
Thanks /u/Galaxy91122
I'm gonna get servers on board with unionizing restaurants by making auto-grats on gift card purchases a thing.
Another closing shift with school in the AM so unlikely, but thanks! I'll watch for your sick handle in this sub.
Ah, the finest prose
Once I realized that I understand what people are saying even though they mix up homophones or whatever, I gave up on prescriptivism entirely. Imagine being a prick for the sole purpose of accomplishing nothing.
Briahna flexing on the chapos by pointing out that she had Daou on already was gold
&gt;Josh gulag
People actually self-identify as Josh?
no u
My dude, we had a pretty entertaining game against the Wild just last week... I was amazed, to be fair.
Do I need to listen to any of the run-up, or do I just jump straight to the ownage?
Thanks
Virgil's utter disrespect gave me chills
Ten cents of a proposed thirty cent raise, but basically yes.
He's improvising
Have his parents ever heard of vaccine injury?
ctrl+f virgil+respect *upvote*
The only sub that's worse is... /r/CalgaryFlames
I'm hearing great things about OP's pipe game. OP, I need a little extra motivation to get my life in order, could you maybe dangle that dick my way?
There's no cure for being Tkachuk
You see, the state is a neutral actor, I am *very* smart
Because 2pts
Big W
One of the only spelling corrections worth making.
1st place
Spelling
Show up on a game day and see what I mean
It feels great and you're only making it better
&gt;15s Stop👏 screenshotting👏 your👏 own👏 tweets👏
I'm not sure, but I definitely remember hearing that Brown earned respect by fighting a teammate.
I'm not disputing that Avery and Thornton scrapped
If you have to disclaim your statement at the outset and then go on to describe a bunch of hypothetical scenarios that don't apply to the discussion at hand, maybe consider just mashing that backspace key and focusing on the actual topic rather than trying to score karma by pointing out that someone's absolute statement is a little too broad.
Thought I was done with /r/hockey for the day
Lesson #1: uuuuhhhh, hey, so... aww jeez
Is there a dril tweet that does climate change as well as the vertical graph that xkcd did a few years back? If so then I cosign the sentiment.
Really great point, changes the tenor of the whole discussion, definitely a salient argument in favour of sending militarized police to evict people, thanks,
Citation needed
Sell to your staff
Upvote for trying. Calgary has a higher population, Edmonton has more cups, it could go either way but I strongly doubt it's to the same degree as the disparity in charitable donations here, by a long shot.
Check out the forecast in Alberta for more of this
All Coppers Are Blokes
Me: "that's adorable, I love him!" Also me: "FUCK HIM UP, OTHER KITTEN"
I'm sorry you went through that, but thank you for sharing.
&gt;the ghost of colonialism It's ALIVE! actually though
I really hope McDavid takes a path comparable to Crosby's, in that we regularly get to see him level up in particular skills where there's any room for improvement. He's already demonstrated the work ethic, so I'm optimistic. Caveat: I assume he gets traded to a team that isn't Edmonton, but frankly I'll take his best anywhere as long as I get to see the highlights.
Then Mr. McMahon's limo blows up
The Duality of Fandom
lmao we've got a moron here folks
This reminds me of when I found out sunflowers, artichokes and thistles are related. Looking at them it's actually pretty obvious. I guess there's some overlap there with my interest in etymology.
no need to besmirch the good name of being gay with your dad
Any Canadian heads in here remember when the G&amp;M endorsed "the Conservatives but not Harper"? That was 🔥🔥🔥
Donate to your local prison
&gt;real friends &gt;real life How can I trust anything you say after this? Thanks
Maybe conservatism is relative, and all the governments you named sit on the same side of a given line.
inshallah
Solidarity is wholesome as all get out
I also just accomplished this on PC due in no small part to the generous help of two or three jolly co-operators from /r/summonsign and I hope to pay it forward some day.
You know the ladder you take when you sneak around the first adjudicator after the Demon Prince? On the side of the building with the stairs that lead down to the main bonfire? I like to just hang off that ladder and look at the whole fucking level. It's so good.
&gt;power-hungry employees the EMPLOYEES seek POWER in their WORKPLACE!
Literally the only correct answer given the parameters of the question. I infused a bunch of random shit and got the trophy, OP can too.
Seriously?
Me: lmao Wolnir more like lolnir Also me: I will never fail to leverage this necessary advantage against this big skinny boi
Don't forget the Kirkland Overcoat
To the extent that dipshit's actions can/do cause actual harm, there's some justification for involving the authorities. As for punishment and rehabilitation, obviously we'd like it to be constructive for the offender and not unnecessarily punitive (such as rendering him unable to continue working because his license is suspended). Half of the issues here would be mitigated by good public transit, which of course we already know. So, justice reform, health care, transit, and the ethics of calling the cops before we fix all the other shit. Dig in.
&gt;millionaires Billionaires. Let's leave the players out of this. Overpaid as they may be, they're not the ones who benefit from public funding for arenas. Chances are they'd be making *more* if their team moved south.
My family used to have a Siamese cat named Ralph who had cataracts. His voice was a little gurgly, so sometimes it sounded like he was saying "mmrrraaalph." He would take walks around the neighborhood with us and always came when called. That huge-balled motherfucker lived twenty years, died almost that long ago, and I still remember how good it felt to see him at the top of the stairs when I got home from school. Ralph was a top ten kitty. Nader saved a lot of lives, though. It's a wash.
When '16 ain't enough
Her disappointment is palpable
A justifiable hierarchy if ever there was
BlazeBro2020
I think the point goes a little bit beyond what you've just said, but you're right about that much anyway.
It's pretty advanced photography, if nothing else. I'm sure someone smarter can explain how this can be important to, like, medicine or something.
It bangs, it slaps, it owns
fine work, skeleton
It's not like they were scraping it
[I mean, this may not be complete worker ownership but it's more socialist than your examples. ](https://www.cnn.com/2019/10/14/politics/bernie-sanders-worker-ownership-plan/index.html)
On certain terms, yes it was. It's not like capitalism has been an unmitigated success.
Solid case for either way
A woman? With real thoughts?
Such mechanical efficiency. I am genuinely afraid of this guy.
Beats the boomers who sit at the far end of the bar and greet me with "where's the other bartender?"
Thanks for spelling this out. As frustrating as it can be to tip out significant amounts, it's still important to keep in mind that we don't singlehandedly generate sales.
The word you're looking for is rape.
Me, a grown man talking to a teenage girl: "I, uh, like the stickers on your laptop."
I'll check her out.
lmao big dum
My heart: no gods, no masters? My brain: SHUT UP SHUT UP SHUT UP
Thanks for speaking up. Downvotes don't matter.
Who am I to second guess McDavid? HERE I AM
Absolutely part of the discussion of whether or not Kobe should be lionized as a great dude
Telling people they shouldn't discuss his personal failings because they're "between him and his wife" (which is bullshit) is a neutral position within an ocean of mostly uncritical praise, so you don't have to be explicitly endorsing his heroic status to effectively support it.
"the beaten tracks" not proving that RV dealers *aren't* stupid
Dope
I like to think she can be gotten rid of eventually
Do you genuinely believe that this specifically gendered slur came to be used to take the piss from the lads entirely independent of its specifically gendered nature?
A dude?
Yup, I don't know whether to be very mildly impressed by these pigs or just disappointed in myself for fitting the description you've provided.
Here in Canada (and the US), when we call a man "bitch" it carries the connotation of "inferior because feminine". How is the British "cunt" any different?
I think it's Kerrobert where my family always used to stop for wonton soup on road trips.
If you're not a liberal after being inundated with capitalist propaganda for your whole life, you've got no heart. If you're not a communist by the time you've lived through multiple recessions, you have no brain.
Just because you only see the efforts that people make loudly and publicly doesn't mean they go dormant the rest of the time. I agree that most people who care can and must do more, but criticizing people for showing up isn't how you make that happen.
&gt;it is not a crime but he must be identified listen to yourself
Their budgets regularly receive increases beyond inflation, thank you ALEC
&gt;perpetuates the cycle Implying that police violence is caused by rioters.
If you think the racism within those cops isn't formed by external factors (such as being cops) then you've got a whole world to learn about.
&gt; innocent police officer in a world of pure imagination Since you said please, let me say it again: when the state orders an armed force to commit violence against citizens of that same state, it is fundamentally different from when protesters respond with violence, even if an insignificant minority of protesters escalate to murder. The STATE, my dude, that is an important distinction.
&gt; if your closest loved ones were police lmao this is like the white liberal bit where they're like "imagine if the cops shot little Caleb" except you actually managed to make it even lazier, get fucked dork
The police protect the financial interests of the 1%. They may keep you from physical harm or petty theft, but they don't keep your employer from capturing the surplus value of your labour. They *certainly* don't prevent wage theft.
&gt;I'm not racist, but lmao &gt;when I see a black person, I associate them with criminality fuck you
Think critically
&gt;The black community commits a lot of violent crime. It is glorified in their music (some of which i enjoy). &gt;Therefore when we see someone who fits that mold (ie looks like the ppl we read in the news committing crimes) we are afraid. They might be great people we come to know, but our initial judgment is based on observation. I paraphrased this section. "Our initial judgment is based on observation" would be more accurate and honest if you said "prejudice" instead of "observation".
lmao "biologically incorrect" Never believe that ~~anti-Semites~~ *racists* are completely unaware of the absurdity of their replies.
For what it's worth, I appreciate the post. I feel somewhat rightly called out by it, and I've saved another of the author's papers (linked at the end of the OP, something about transforming individual approaches to anti-racism) to follow up on later. Maybe the utility is limited for people who already get the difference between idpol and class, but I think the topic is worth knowing back to front for when I'm talking to libs. Thanks for the post.
What? No, the women who were persecuted were *not* on the wrong side of history.
Media blackout before the sun goes down, that'll work
Investigators determined that the officer has rhythm but no soul.
So, please don't take this as criticism because I'm not above summoning help when I just want to check a boss off the list, but I can't help wondering: are you doing Dancer early? Will you also be summoning on Armour, Twins, Cinder, etc? What's the point?
I'm no Midir expert, but I've seen it said a few times that the gank squad just makes him harder
Hell yeah, relatable. I'm not on right now but I'm down to help anyone anywhere in DS3 PC. I'm buffing up and practicing Midir so I can squash him (and Gael) at NG+7 with confidence. I've soloed both before, but barely.
As opposed to the very even-handed incarnation of law enforcement present today.
I had to rewind to check, and sure enough, same actor and the character names both had the same initials.
Verso has had my email for years and they've never spammed me. Great books, steep sales, occasional freebies like this; best publisher around.
Nah, no need to pile on
Sounds to me like you're talking about that [$32T](https://www.peoplespolicyproject.org/2018/07/30/mercatus-study-finds-medicare-for-all-saves-2-trillion/) figure that got thrown around by American conservatives, ignoring the difference between national and federal expenditures.
&gt;we live in canada point being?
So we agree it's a problem that still exists, good talk.
It's just weird how you're more upset by anti-racism than racism.
Buddy, I've been riled up since Diallo at least.
Whereas a lot of my favourite teachers are still in Red Deer
It is now *your responsibility* to get 1000 people to an anti-racist protest in Red Deer after COVID
People who don't get how they are products of a culture built on the backs of slaves just baffle me.
Dope
Or we replace the stuff made to celebrate the evil doers with photographs and other relevant documentation to tell the story in museums. They're not fossils, they're trash.
look at those stupid legs
I'll have to explain why Sansa was raped long before I get to say "oooh, piano!"
I'm not stupid, I just act this way
Computer, play 2016 again
listen, jack,
There's scenery? All I saw was dog.
Baseball is just the algorithm by which we collect and sort all available data in the universe, it's really not that big a deal.
I feel the exact opposite about *Blinded by the Light*. I didn't like it until I heard Springsteen's version. It's fun, loose, and evokes a traveling party that isn't stopping but you're welcome to join.
English is just the portion of German you understand
That's like trying to remember the first time you smelled bread
Brony Taxman there, it's ruined
Who watches the watchmen? *Reaves stare intensifies*
Brooks was fleeing the scene on foot, genius.
Preach.
Using it to justify murder is no better
Not through a path of dead bodies
Why shoot him at all though?
Who's your CO
This is my reaction to Woke Stone Cold
Exactly this. I'm of the Stannis mindset here; chop off his fingers for his past, let him keep his mic and twitter to cut promos on morons.
Capitalism incentivizes shitty behaviour
Perks include being a huge asshole
&gt;keeping good workers Not the goal of capitalism, comrade. &gt;I'm a social democrat Collaborator
lmao it's the workplace dude, arguably the most political realm there is
Now back when I was in the march, it was Selma, and you could slip down an alley to roll some dice and come out the other side of the block without missing a chant, Jack. This one fella, we called him Scuffles because he was always wearing those shoes he won off me, he'd getcha on both sides of the street if you know what, you know the thing.
If I were a capitalist, I would simply pay my employees their full value. To be clear, I'm making fun of you.
The amount of things cops get away with because people are scared of them is ridiculous.
You've got to be incredibly stupid to think there's a comparison to be made between a cop with a history of reckless firearm use and a shooting victim with a criminal record.
I'm not arguing with morons today. Prior conduct of police is relevant to cases involving those same cops; a victim's criminal record is not relevant to an investigation of a shooting they didn't commit.
former officer Chauvin, I am pleased to say
Buddy, wait til you find out about whale culture
I think it's fair to at least point out how Taylor's virtuous nature didn't stop the cops from murdering her.
I think the point of the article, and my own belief in general, is that it doesn't make sense to expect protesters (and rioters and looters) to respond to constant injustice in a consistent, organized, constructive fashion. We've seen some response that fits the description, and that's great, but it's part of an uncontrollable organic whole. On the other hand, even though the justice system is enormous, complex and resistant to change, there *are* mechanisms to control it. That's where attention needs to be focused.
Right there in the URL is David McAtee, killed by police.
Oh boy, it's black on black crime time, please excuse me while I sedate myself
And over four hundred killed by US police this year. What's your point and how does it relate to the article?
&gt;all equally possible oh my fucking god dude
When you do a bit it should be funny
Who would have thought that a whole sub full of people who learned not to say the n word would wind up on the path to full-throated, militant anti-fascism? Me, that's who.
TIL that colony collapse syndrome has resulted in thousands of drownings of libs on a gap year
I've always just assumed that he's the devil, but only maaaaaybe not
Hell yeah, abolish prisons and expand public transit, you get it, maybe chill with the misogyny but I'm not gonna cancel you for it
&gt;execution seems to be the reasonable course of action This is what carceral society does to your brain
try being cool, that's all I'm saying
Not only do you have to download a (verified) app that uses the API, you've got to tell it when you get a positive test and then tell it again that you're willing to share your tracing data, which is anonymized and minimally intrusive. I'm entirely confident that you're already providing more valuable data to multiple corporations.
You won't be satisfied until they're going door to door in uniform.
It's less the takeover of any given state than the propensity for racially motivated mass shootings attributable to existing nazis who want to do nazi shit that concerns me. Denounce nazis or fuck off.
&gt;gang violence There it is. We're talking about neo-nazi propaganda influencing dipshit young white dudes to fantasize about, plan and eventually commit mass murder. We're *not* talking about everyday crime, which yes, obviously is a separate issue that deserves focused attention, *but not to the extent that we pretend nazis aren't killing people*. Now, you've made it clear that you're too literate for me to just *call* you a moron, but you're putting a lot of effort into denying the existence of an observable, existing issue that threatens the safety of minorities in pretty much every majority white community, so consider not acting this stupid over semantics.
No, the point is that nazis still exist and act. Don't be dense.
"Mom, can we leave?" "Mom, will you buy me this?" "I pooped."
This isn't beautiful, it's horrifying. Like approaching a black hole.
There go those goalposts again. I've reevaluated my stance on calling you a moron.
&gt;recovery mode Should have wiped him and installed a better OS while we had the chance.
Honey
I won't speculate on whether this factor varies from division to division, but I think there's something about the AL East where no matter how much you hate a particular team (that is probably either NYY or BOS), there is always that one dude where you're like, "it's cool, he deserves it". Maybe it's just the futility of Jays fanhood. For me? Mariano, JBJ, those are the guys I couldn't really be mad about losing to.
One of the greatest hitting pitchers, really
Let me launch that dong
I saw Reiser and Butkus but somehow still convinced myself it was an Adult Swim gag or something, and yet this show made it three seasons. Dream big! Song bangs, btw.
Hey, so I was thinking about how funny it was when you said "boomers wrote in cursive" as though it was somehow proof that the OP is a forgery, so I did a quick search for examples of handwriting from the 20th century and maybe it was my own fault for not finding a more technique-neutral search term than "handwriting" but the entire first page of results was actually cursive. I guess that means you're right about the provenance of the photo, since it's literally impossible for someone fifty years ago to have written in this fashion. Sir, I am owned. Thank you for taking the time to make this extremely important point about Nazism as a political association rather than a simple act of calculated racist violence.
You are insisting that workers be forced into an almost comically dangerous commute because you can't come up with a way to place that responsibility on their employer and/or the state. Why are you a social democrat?
I mean, with a "liberal socialist" flair you have to expect me to want a more thorough explanation of your thoughts than a simple dismissal of people who misuse the socialist label.
The mushroom is wearing a speedo
The USSR was an industrialized nation with the ability to conduct trade.
Down to the 0.01
I concede that there's a dearth of good explicitly left entertainment media, but that doesn't make B99, fundamentally copaganda, better than something neutral or even culturally significant, i.e. Hip-Hop Evolution. I'm not demanding that people read theory instead of watching sitcoms, but I think this sub can do better than "fuck it, B99 is funny".
When you understand socialism
Fuck the Yankees, but this is nice work
If by "not saying the 100% perfect thing" means constantly doubling down on "trans women aren't women" then yeah, and she should do better.
Qualify that
How about you tell me what you think this proves?
With a ton of [helpful feedback](https://www.reddit.com/r/bartenders/comments/g3zei0/how_would_you_stock_a_three_bottle_bar/) from you lot a couple months ago, I took my travel bar back to the drawing board and came up with this significantly more versatile and complete version, which I would leave intact if I didn't want easy access to a few items. Here's the list, left to right and top to bottom: Boston shaker, Jameson, agave syrup in a mini Chambord bottle, brandied cherries that are now covered in maraschino because that seemed like a good way to get two things into one space (the space being a nifty silicone salad dressing bottle, there's five or six cherries in there), Beefeater, a little squeeze bottle of triple sec, a Hawthorne, el Jimador Reposado, another little squeeze bottle of homemade limoncello that's *okay*, a little pithy, a bottle of tonic, Ango and orange bitters. Right side is where I really fucked around: a batched negroni, tools (barspoon, corkscrew, church key, quick pour), Havana Club 7, Ketel One, a tumbler and a can of soda, the Dickel rye with the green label, a couple plastic cups, eleven plastic shot glasses, sriracha because who knows, and then we round it out in the Sazerac Quarter with some cheap brandy, Peychaud's, absinthe and sugar cubes. I'd like to get some vermouth in there, I dream of a miniature version of those oil/vin two-chambered bottles. In any case, there's no point putting it in ahead of time. In the situation where I need to skip town quick with just my booze and the clothes on my back, I can lay low with gin, chilled, up until I can pay cash at a liquor store in another province. Uhh, where was I? I guess it would do to replace the tumbler with a smaller Boston shaker in the one on the Jameson so I can get a few more liqueurs in, maybe get more of the narrow bottles like the brandy is in to replace the pop bottles that fuck up the layout. Narrow bottles, corked and upside down, above a bunch of squeeze or squirt bottles? A terrarium with mint in it? I actually don't see why I can't do that, will report back in the winter.
Yeah, if you're looking for it you can find the same grain flavour as whiskey. It's definitely mild by modern stout standards though
Paranthetical disclaimer? Liberalism.
Flames game day threads are homophobic trash and they're the entire reason that sub tops this ranking
&gt;ever-perpetual
He was doing vape tricks to distract the IDF
I just sprint it every time, I'm a weenie
Yeah, there's value to the torturous experience of exploring every nook and cranny your first however many times, but it crumbles away from the real skeleton of the game once you've learned the layouts. I think watching speedrunners just outright breaking games helped me figure that out.
It does if you think about it.
This is Major Tom to ground control
Without watching again, I offer that the footage is in slow motion
I'm mostly struck by the off-centre placement, but I guess I'm not surprised that an eagle could adjust.
He is singular
&gt;direct threats to people's lives Whose?
Don't you understand, the recent rise in violence against billionaires is directly traceable to chapo shitposts
Some of our covid problems too, in concert with some sort of transfer of ownership from shareholders to workers
BlackWolfFeed and citationsneeded are smaller but similarly relaxed from what I've seen. I would expect CN to impose limits on shitposting sooner than BWF (although there's nothing stopping us in theory from brigading bodyweightfitness to prove me wrong here). Otherwise I'm mostly only aware of more sectarian subs like C@ that somehow maintain a worse posting standard than the heavily degraded CTH. Maybe we're all just better off reading books.
Because when minorities are systemically excluded from positions of power, the aggregate effect is perpetual structural inequality. Should we expect her to significantly alter the relationship between Alberta and the crown? No. Should we acknowledge and celebrate a meaningful achievement by someone who belongs to a group that has heretofore been unable to accomplish what she has? Sure!
They won't admit it's an identity thing, probably because they'd still be mad about a white male appointed by Trudeau.
