When they removed current trials gear from the gold bounty loot pool. Gold bounties suck now
For the 10 prople who use it?
Checks to see if Y3 gear has been added to the gold bounties.... nope OK, guess I'll look next week.
All unique raid loot is not locked behind beating the final raid boss. Anyway enjoy that attitude while the ToO playerbase fades
The DS2 GFAQs forum was such a wretched pit of toxic pissery I could no longer stand it and left about a month after launch.
In 2 is was based off of you total possible weight, not your load %. So you just had to have a low vit stat to make it work, even if it meant you where at 70% load
.... well cant argue on world cohesion or story. Combat is just diffrent.
Wel i diaagree on the making sense part but i guess that convergence thing is the ultimate handwave. Even if it did make sense it doesnt mean it's good. It's super disjointed and hardly goes anywhere. Souls of Cinder was such a narritivly anticlimatic way to end it im in shock that some creature that has never been mentioned before gets to suddenly appear and be the final boss.
Something can "make sense" if you throw enough narritive wooge at it. The space time convergence is a great crutch for plotholes and lazy design. It also means that there is less coheasion in the story. We start out with lothrin being set up as our antagonist, but quickly we are side tracked by the other lords of cinder who are all tied together by Pontif, who is an antagnoist we kill off before we even get to the end of his story. It's like fighting M Bison in order to be able to take on Zangief. Then after that all that setup and story of pontif no longer really matters because its back to lorthrin, who ut turns out didn't light the flame because he was convinced by.... someone and is fighting these angles for..... some reason. There is so frustratongly little to the main threwlines of this game. Pontif has the most charecter work but it goes no where because he gets killed off so early and after that no longer matters. Soul of Cinder is just pulled out of nowhere and only underscores how stupid the cycle in DS3 is. Wait, how was ressurecting 4 people that linked the flame to sacrafice themselves supposed to feed the flame any more? That's like eating your own poop. Why does soul of Cinder want to stop you from rekindling the first flame if he is a collection of guys who all made the same decision? Pants on head stupid.
Gwen was a mibdless husk left over after he fed himself as fuel to the flame. He did not rekindle the flame nor did he want to as he did not want to start the age of fire over, only extend it, you where trying to restart it. Why would he want to stop you now that his age has hardly passed? It's not like SoS was just laying around, it formed itself for a self contradictory reason. Ill tell you what SoS is. SoS is a cynicle way to end a game with a callback to tug at your nastolga rather then having an interesting antagonist that has a clear through line. In 1 and 2 we walk in the footsteps of someone great, who did almost impossible things. With Gwen we slowly unravel his story as we bear witness to haw everything unraveled around him because he chose a beutiful lie over an ugly truth. In 2 we follow in the footsteps of Vendrick who is more of a player anolog, not only learning his story but also inheriting his place. Finally inhareting his confrontation with Nashadra and Aldia. Gwen and Vendrick are interesting antagonists that we play through. We may beat vendricks corpse early but the ramifications of everything he set up are what keep challenging us. Pontif just dies and then his plans are done and on to the next. We dont have any over arching charecters in 3, no one really ties the world together. Its a cobbled together game with 2 or 3 stories stitched together loosly with the Lords of Cinder plot and the handwave excuse of Timey-wimey spacey-wacey. There ia no narritive, just a collection of plot threads that all go no where. Where is the strong theme? Where is the story arch? In your head cannon.
His purpose is to throw the baby out with the bathwater? There is no way in which he helps ensure someone will relight the flame rather then usurp it. The only thing he helps do is make sure the flame will die out on its own by no one being able to get to it, something that goes againt what Gwen and every other person that relit the flame stood for. Why dont you explain what the central plot of the game is, what its themes are and such are. What is the overarching story here that so many people are missing? Go kill 4 lords and choose an ending isn't a story, it's a mcguffen.
I reedited to be clear.
Vit investment is about equal to vig investment at higher levels. It doesnt show up over the course of on HP bar but if it take one extra swing for the enemy to kill you then that becomes 12 extra hits by the time you factor in all of your estus. Once you have more HP then you get back from an estus the gains of vig investment flatten out because past that initial HP your total possible HP (from estus) is still the same.
Right? I can run DS2 on my fucking Cintiqu companion, and its a dedicated art tablet. Though its super nice because it has a very nice SSD that makes loads almost instant.
Thats an objective not a story, or not much of one at all. Meanwhile DS1, ds2 and BB all have big deep through lines of story and all the lore and background storyline all converge in meaningful ways. DS1 is not about linking the flame or bringing on an age of dark, it's about following in the footsteps of greatness and watching how a beutiful lie won over the ugly truth, how this kingdom fell to a husk, everything leads to seeing gwen embody all of that. DS2 is about how great people loose their way, how relationships are your greatest strength and you greatest weakness, and it's what you do when you have an impossible choices. You follow Vendricks journey see where it leads and then find a way to defy that impossible choice. BB is about knowledge humans shouldn't know. That corrupting knowledge cant be fought or understood by humans. The more you fight, the worse it gets (the world literally getting harder and more bleak) the more you know the worse it is (you start seeing all the horrors you cant change or handle) You get the best ending by giving into willful ignorence, and the worst ending by digging as far as you can into forbidden knowledge until it consumes you. DS3 is no where near as good as them.
Just like ill go on believing we breath air and that gravity exists.
Well it's hard to argue against all of your well thought out points that you backed up with solid examples and evidence, i guess i must concied
Well rolling is stupidly strong, your are pretty much unharmable during your roll, learn to use that to get by enemies. For some reason they made that more stamina effecent then just blocking. I had a shit load of experence in souls but still had issues with this lothric knights. If you have a weapon heavy enough to stagger them then you can trivialize them. DS3 is probably the leaste "fair" in terms of combat for the serise. Often enemies attack too fast to think stategy on the fly, you have to think out a plan ahead of time or panic roll away when things go south. Some enemies also have stupidly shot attack windups that few to no people have enough reflexes to dodge. Two bosses have an attack that is only 5 frames from start to hurt, that is stupid. The other games in the serise are not as bad, maybe try them out. They are more stategy and less twitchy reflexes.
Those areas where specificly made for mutiple players to all work together through. Going alone is like trying to raid alone in a MMO, sure you can do it but its just going to make it tedious. Also, there is a path through the Frozen wastes that summons 0 raindeer to fight, there is a way they trigger that you can avoid with timing and the right path. Most the time i do a run i only ever face 1.
The most balanced, solid, and rewarding core mechanics. The system is deep and rewards you knowledge of it but it's not enough to just read up on it because you have to make good decision with it. There are few "correct" ways to play or build a charecter. Sure you can go up to 70% but if you drop below it then you get better rolls. Everything is a trade off or a side grade. It's complex in ways that add depth. Just makes a game that seriously rewards your investment in skill. It's slow enough to give you time to think strategy mid battle. You are also punished for not thinking as panic rolling and claming up behind a shield means quick death. Other games FROM makes i feel are too fast so im constantly in reaction mode with no time to think strategy or space out correctly..
Blocking has downsides as well, you are stuck in one place and can be pinned down, you recover stamina much slower. If you drop you shield between attacks you can recover stamina much faster but you can get in major trouble. Greatshields used to be very stamina effecient in DS2. High stability could even mean an enemy bouncing off your shield giving you an opening. They often had the tradeoff of not being 100% phisical early on, though that trade off made sense in a game with lifegems but no sense in limited estus play.
The developer explicitly stated so and even created open areas for people who didn't own the DLC to be able to coop help with those areas. CoOp was highly pushed both in the DLC promotion and mechanics of how it played. They where trying hard to lrovide a challenge for the people who complained the game didn't provide enough challenge for CoOp players, then those areas became the only areas people refused to coop in, lol. The only one I think is too much is the iron passage, as you can avoid nearly every raindeer and the NPCs are actually pretty good against the boss. The gank squad is perhaps the easiest because the archer never readjusts his position and the other two move at wildly diffrent speed which makes kiting super easy, the stage is also made for you to abuse cover and run circles around the poor havel guy.
In 1 or 2 rolling may have been a risk. In 3 rolling is just hands down the easiest and most effective. DS3 throws so many mobs that the movement rolling provides is invaluable. Blocking almost never makes sense and is horribly underpowered compared to rolling. You can roll once to get away from a 6 hit combo with a single roll or take 6 hits and in the time you take those hits the rest of the mob is circling around AND have it cost more stamina. I can't think of a non boss who ever knocked me out of a roll, the iframes are stupid good.
Haha, yea. Never thought about despawning. Yea the iron passage is a slow crawl of drawing out all melee fighters the running past archers. Some sadistic fuck designed that one. Even with a team I can't imagine that mess, though i guess one guy could get ready to run the hall while the other pulled the lever, never have used that top path. Good thing the rest of that DLC is my favorite content in all of souls.
There is no way a non-greatshield is prefered over rolling except in a handful of uncommon situations. - One on One fights with a low teir enemy, and mob will tear you apart if you lock youself down with blocking. Unless you can one shot them after that block rolling away is better because you will get swarmed. - light projectiles at medium range. At short and you can easily roll past them which more easily tansitions into attacking then if you block, and at long range you can easily move out of the way. Top of the cathedril comes to mind as an area this type of blocking happens. - light shields for parrying. - blocking traps, but most traps hit you from the side or back so running around shield up is not very effective. New players may have an easier time at first with blocking but will quickly find that not only do they need to learn to roll for nearly everything but they have to unlearn the instinct to block
Yes, making even more playstyles unviable and giving less options is an issue, especially in a game where the mechanics have already been simplified so much. The lack of balance in your options is a bit staggering for a serise that is rooted in emergent gameplay and player knowledge and choice. It's like they learned all the wrong lessons from BB.
Sometimes i wonder if im crazy for thinking the Looking Glass Knigh was like the coolest boss fight ever, glad to see he makes other peoples list. Best think was dressing up exactly like him and putting down my sign to get summoned, mirror squire has arrived!
What do you define as moderate? Any knight type enemy will tear through you like tissue paper. The DS2 system for shield effectiveness made far more sense. Medium shields could still block just not for as sustained a time as great shields. You could use them against NPC and even block tougher enemies like Turtle Knights. The issue isnt that the shields have changed much but that enemies are just for more agressive, have larger multihit attacks, less time to recover stamina and they come in bigger packs. Meanwhile rolls cost a lot less stamina, have little to no risk as you have a stupid ammount of iframes and very little time you are vaulnerable. Rolling is just better. You can gimp yourself with a medium shield but you are asking for the game to be harder then just rolling all the time.
Yep, kinda nice to be able to use the touch screen on the inventory menu
Yea, its not going to run it amazingly but on low settings you can run it smoothly
No i was running a cracked version of SotFS, but then i got a PS4 and it was on sale so for lazy not wanting to boot up control driver reasons i play on it now, also online and yadda yadda yadda. I frankly run into way more issues running DS1 on the same computer, that game is so poorly omptomized.
Makes sense with how consoles generally work
The thing is that early on it feels stronger then options that people say are stronger in later game. Maybe it's my lack of mods to make those other weapons good.
I need to read up on syndicates, i have no idea how they work or how to rank them up but people keep refrencing the mods you get from them. How do you get the Wrath version of the gun?
Can you no longer get the wraith version?
It has a 2.5 zoom, really managable, and the fire rate is pretty fast.
Isn't carrier also super easy to make? As a new player i was eyeing it as my first because of the ammo conversion and how easy it was to obtain.
Thinking Carrier for me, because im running Frost/Vulkar, so i think having a nice shotgun inside my snowglobe to cover me while a snipe could be useful and i have noticed that while sniping ammo is an issue.
FUCK THAT ARKWING REQUIREMENTS FOR STARCHART UNLOCK. SERIOUSLY THE MOST FRUSTRATING CONTENT IN THE GAME, HOPE I NEVER HAVE TO DO ANOTHER ONE PAST THE INITIAL QUEST
I started with Volt, honestly the best part of volt vs corpus was the #1s ability to wipe out all the annoying fliers. When i got frost it was an ajustment. "Oh i have to actually aim at them now"
ETHER, AN ENEMA IS JUST AS BAD IF YOU HAD YOUR ICE CREAM BEFORE OR AFTER
OK, so I started about 25 days ago (thank you in game counter) I too came from Destiny (still love it, but was meaning to dig into WF) Currently the best place I have found to farm exp is Draco on Ceres. It's a survival and for where I am on the starchart it is amazing. Now I'm not sure if it's the most effecient run in the game but damn is it fun. There are just swarms of enemies for you to mow down. There may be faster ways but my advice is to have fun while leveling and it makes it so much better.
Yea, i have heard of what it used to be. At leaste if they where going to replace it then it was with a mission where they just heap piles of easily killed enemies on you and let you tear through the piles.
Kinda, in order to make another WF it takes a bit of grinding that is heavily gated by some resources being pretty far into the star chart. Makes building them a pain even if you have all the blueprints. You can buy resources with plat (rip off) or you can ask someone to taxi you to a location with those resources. People seem to like Excalibur as a starter frame.
I had a huge issue with killing the junction frames until i realized my energy regenerated at a stupidly fast rate. Man, playing frost on those junction fights just feels like cheating 1, tap tap tap, 1 tap tap tap (using Vulkar btw)
Pretty sure my neural sensors came from me doing an allert and then staying in that group as they went to a high level survival... The patato I bought with some starting plat (You get 150 on PS4) Find a place you need to farm your part and then ask for a taxi. I too also want to build rhino, im about 500 plastids away but i refuse to farm phobos like i would need to in order to get it, would rather blow through the starchart as quick as i can to Jupiter. I'm one junction away right now. Volt is tough for a starter but honestly it's still a really good frame. That #1 is super great for taking out those really annoying fliers My advice is to focus on building a good primary. The starting stuff kinda sucks. I actually find that primary choice ends up changing up my play style far more then WF choice. Just be sure to look up what diffrent damage types do. I wouldn't worry too much about gearing out for infested, most the starchart unlocking early on is mostly granier and corpus.
You should set the next goal. I rotate through on my goals, warframe to primary to mods and so on. Have anotger objective set for once you clear this one.
Wow, you just decribed almost all the worst gun perks in Destiny that players avoid like the plague. Except for ammo return on multiple headshots, that's fantastic for snipers.
Oh god, when i left Warframe a long time ago I had PTSD over the grind involved in frames. Back then you had 1 unique boss in the game and the rest where just larger versions of normal units and the blueprint drop rates where so awful, you could go 50 runs and not have all the BPs you needed, like I did with ash. Now im back and it feels so much better. Though the gating of some materials via starchart seems a bit more brutal then it used to be. Sucks that you have to get half way through the chart before you can construct a frame you earned the BPs for on the second planet.
I misread, i though they ment back into the magazine, that would be useful
Still shit abilities
If you're Frost dont just keep dropping snowglobes everywhere. I have never raged so much as when i had an incompatent frost on my team.
Haha same here, need more WF and weapon slots, a sale would be nice indeed.
Ahhh, had one guy today join in on a spy mission that's part of a quest line. Was weird but i thought "what the heck" We get to the first vault. I look over at him and he looks at me like "oh, i got this". I start scanning for vents and he bullets dives straight into the lazers....
I feel like you may not even add diffrent statblocks, per say. Just give us a reason to use that less powerful version even if overall it's less powerful. Like you could have a less powerful sniper have less zoom, making it the run and gun version but not as powerful DPS wise. Or if you are going to have a prime version be better then let us turn our gun into the prime version and keep all the formas and patatoes but just transfered to the prime version as a reward for having invested in the less superior one. Maybe im not seeing it from your perspective well, where the prime version is so much harder to make, so why not have it be more powerful? But from a new player it is demoralizing to have to pump serious resources into a gun that i will grow to love but eventually have to abandon and get nothing for it. So i have began just hardly investing in anything because i dont want to deal with wasting resources. I don't think the devs intended all the new players to flat out avoid investment as much as possible until they reached end game level gear.
I find close up snipers like the Vulkar are a lot better with a snowglobe to keep enemies mindlessly firing at, and slow down melee to a speed that makes hip fire point blank easy.
I would like that more. Sci-fi traditionally is a great medium to explore humanist ideas. Then again i don't take SJW as an insult, i think being vical of issues that are important to use in all mediums where those issues present themselves is great and a good change.
Looks like the game recognized that and rained down sweet nanospores as an appropriate reward.
You dont get control modules or plastids for a while after you gather up all the rhino blueprints. You have to clear almost half the starchart befor you can construct even beginner frames.
Despite what they have said you wont be able to contruct Rhino for a while without using plat or getting taxied a lot
Thats like half the shonen anime ever
I often hear peiple say "This frame doesnt do any single thing better then other frames" but that often seems to involve simply cherry picking comparisons. Is there any frame you can stand Oberon up against in a side by side and say he is flat out worse then? Not everyone has every frame at their disposal, nor enough slots to make that happen. Is Oberon a good frame to pick up if you like balanced frames, need a healer and don't already have most the other frames? Also, he just looks awesome.
Oh boy, all the materials distribution if frustrating for new players. Why do we need to unlock Jupiter in order to make a warframe we got blueprints for back on the second planet?
You cant avoid going to Venus or mercury in order to get to saturn.
Pretty sure there is also a requirement you can only do on phobos and a mission in the void you need to do as well before you unlock up to saturn. Let me go check real quick
And a single void mission that you need to do. So basically 8
Started 33 days ago (thank you log in reward counter!) I have 2 frames. My starter Volt and Frost. I have a total of 5 WF slots but i honestly wish now i would have maybe bout one fewer so i would have more weapon slots. Been more obsessed with weapons. The frames that Im eyeing the most seem pretty far away at this point. Mesa/Titania are the frames I have my eye on the most.
You dont get plastids until phobos ether, and in stupidly small ammounts.
An ability to sort BP by how close you are to having enough mats to build it. I slso think having a tooltip on the blueprint that would let you know where you can get the materals you need. Would help new players figure out if crafting was possible for them Maybe recieve a message when you get your first prime blueprint that lets you know the various ways you can use/sell/trade it. Oh and make the auction house comprehensible.
I think having nano spores earlier then phobos would be good as well. I think you should be able to craft Rhino and Frost by Mars in my opinion.
Im only at Saturn right now, how hard is it to get Trinity prime over getting the regular version?
Your colors are too strong, you are mixing white with two mid tones with full saturation. Make the blue much darker and maybe even try adding a grey/eggshell instead of a white to get a more unified color scheme. You should only have one really strong color as an accent if you dont want to look garish
I agree, basically all the weak points I see in Warframe come from me playing Destiny and seeing how they do that stuff well (mostly) Then again inviting the comparison also shows what WF does well too. The speed, the sheer kenetic joy of thrashing an enemy. I think Warframe has to be careful, it is too fast to be able to balance out challenges like Destiny can. Player have a much wider selection of abilities and the diffrence between that can make a fight anything but trivial, to fair, to you getting one shotted. There is no mechanic to balance out players defence and offence so challenges can easily turn frustrating if not just balanced for the top tier maxiumum minmax builds, and then that content is regulated to that. So for a good raid like challenege you need to find ways to slow the game down, even out the player powercurve (maybe normalizing damage and defence for raids to a degree or scaling incoming enemy damage to match each player)
I use Vulkar. Was one shotting everything. Then I realized that I had only been using the +impact% mod and haven't even been using the +damage% mod... now I just overkill everything. If you can stand running sniper it tears them apart.
All necros get ready to use your super serious soul punch!
Only have the regular Sybaris, guess I gotta wait a few months to upgrade... The Sybaris just has serious swag and is fun to use, dont care if it isnt top tier.
So you meant to write the title as "Ways to make Warframe more like Dark Souls"
Wow, i never fire a sniper from that far back, if it take more then a half second from zoom to pop then the shot wasn't worth it. I don't get how people have an issue with using them on current tile sets. Maybe the Vulkar has just spoiled me with its 2.5 zoom, anything too close for that can get hip fired.
Anything too close for 2.5 zoom seems easy enough to hit with hip fire.
They say that it wont run it but they could always make a less demanding build.
Who the hell could endorse StarCraft 2's story. That was utter garbage, especially compared to the first game. "Hey Chris, why do none of the charecters act anything like how they did in the first game?" "Four years later" "That's not a good-" "FOUR YEARS LATER!!....and the Overmind saw a vision of the future... that was part of a prophacy... but then there are also statues of kerrigan so i guess they saw both future A where there was no kerrigan as well as future B where there was..." "..." "and no one in the Xelnaga who had these future telling powers seemed to see the Overmind attack that killed all of them coming." "WHAAAAAT?"
I know, it was just a thought i had before the ending finished
Vulkar and sybaris have been my favorite primaries. You get Vulkar from one of the junctions, and Sybaris you can build from a dojo is you join a clan, both are great. Vulkar is a super close range sniper that dishes out absurd damage early on and can carry you further into the starchart then you have any right to be. Sybaris is a jack of all trades, master of some. Just great for everything and fun as hell to use.
Wow, I guess having an attention to grammer doesn't mean you're also going to have tact. Way to grammar alt-right
Is there a good tutorial for using warframe.market with a PS4?
Vulkar is awesome. One of only two weapons i have liked enough to patato. Well into the starchart it will one shot most enemies, even corpus with overshields as long as you mod damage/Impact/crit chance. Vulkar also has a super low zoom of 2.5, making it great for tight spaces. I would also mod for reload speed as the mag is really short. But all the mods I have suggested are all super early game mods. Have fun!
Interception, snow globes everywhere......
Dont know why you got downvotes, its true. I have never had a survival go below 50% and i hardly see anyone using them. The mode is just so easy I feel like that aspect of the mode is just not important
Sybaris, dojo weapon rank 5. Jack of all trades, master of most. Super easy to mod, does all damage types well, good for everything.
I was a Destiny player as well. Most warframes and weapons will have one part of them severly gated by your starchart. You really can't craft a warframe without plat until you hit Jupiter, thats like 9 planets in if you include moons and voids. I would just focus on starchart unlock unless you join a clan willing to help you out. Clans are much better here then in Destiny
The starchart and junction unlocks are just a good way to pace your progression. Getting bogged down because you have 1 part you need that is 4 planets away is frustrating. What class did you main in destiny?
I need to go look up a tutorial for it. I kinda hate the trade system because i have a PS4 and typing with a controller is painful.
By parts i meant the components because he just reached mars. He cannot build a frame untill Jupiter without buying stuff with plat or serious taxis
Maybe an armor bonus that is only active while sprinting and builds up the longer you are consecutively sprinting, making it easier for him to charge in and dish out CC
This is really the end of discussion here. Cap was 100% wrong in AvX.
This, we don't need the combat becoming like WarFrame
Every year. Pirtland has been and still is a highly racist place to live. I live there now.
Oregon was one of the last states to outlaw Eugenics, and institutionalized racisim was law up until shockingly recently. Pprtland was the skin head capitol for a long time. Portland in more recent years became a liberal hotspot but the quality of Liberal that had been lured here is the worst. Generally people who fled other cities rather then fight to make them better and just want yo bask in cloysters rather then do hard social justice work. There is the thin veneer of liberal idealisim but huge undercurrent of apathy, racisim and gentrification. The Nazis here are in big number and extremely violent. The man who slit throats on the buss for people standing up to his racist comments is the tip of the iceburg. Many people of color have been run down by racist drivers but the news hasn't focused as much on that violence or how the police force here has taken it uppon themselves to board public transit and start interrogating riders over their immigration status.
I follow this guy on DeviantArt and boy his work is amazing. He did a sketch of his versions of DBZ charecters that I woulf love to see made into a comic
Just to put a point on an enemy requiring more then one punch to beat is just Sups showboating.
It's like the writers of X-men are listening to Jay and Miles X-plane the X-men at the same pace I am.
Lol, welp. I made a mistake. Forgot what story i left that comment on. I have had to make a lot of comments on Nazis in Portland OR
Yeah! Like WTF happened to Xorn? Guess he just died and that was never talked aboit again. Or what about the bomb in DC? It shows everything going grey and the explosion site just looked like a sphere had been scooped out of the ground. Always assumed that DC would have just been captured in a pocket dimension. God, i hated how it concluded. Hulk getting giant man serum was the best The Maker could come up with? Also at the end the City agrees to revolt against The Maker and join the heroes but the next time the City comes up it is an irradiated wasteland, what did i miss?
The entire Ultimate comics world after Secret Wars. I want to know how far bavk Ultimate Kang went to try and save the future.
Wow, who did they bring back? I only saw Jimmy.
Wow between this and the solicit showing the OG Ultimates reappearing in the Ultimates comics gives me hope that all the Loeb stuff got retconed. I mean, that quicksilver should be dead, Kang killed him pretty effectively. Im hoping Kang went back far enough to prevent Ultimatum or Reed just fixed that when he put that universe back together.
I think it fell so flat because it was built up so much amd the results just felt pointless. Other then getting Jean in power did it resolve any charecter arks? What's the point of building up Xorn and his brother if they just die like that? There is no resolution after you have just finished building up compelling charecters. It's like Checkov's Gun, except the gun just goes missing in the third act and there is an offhanded mention about someone forgetting something.
That's tough. I have yet to see a western comic get as creative with its action as Hunter X Hunter is. I would say Remender's run on X-Force is as close as it gets.
Ultimates 1 and 2. My reason being that if you dont have preconcived notions on these charecters then it is a really good read. These are the comics that got me into comics.
The Beyounder had to learn to poop from Spiderman.
Its a good story, once you're able to sit down and read it all at omce. Ultimate Forge is particularly delightful
I felt like that was a big charecter ark. It was a bunch of grown ass people thinking they would go out and play hero. It takes this big first adventure for them all to realize they need to be heroic and not just government puppets. By the end of Ultimates vol2 I think most of them are in a good place and are fairly likeable. They live in a world where heroes dont just come back from the dead and people are not emotionally dead to the notion of the earth nearly ending for the thousandth time.
Are you new here? Like to comics in general? But hey, if you want to hold out hope that there is any 20ish that can justify that, then be my guest. Take this all as IMHO
Jackson actually only agreed to let Marvel use his likeness under the condition that if a movie ever get made he would get to play that charecter. That was a damn good move on his part.
In like a death fight? No holds bars? DC, hands down. Superman alone would murder them all so hard. Doesnt matter if you got magic if you can't react faster then the speed of light to cast it. Now if they all have morality intact it's going to be more Marvel because those guys wont hesitate to wipe out your world if it comes down to that. I think Time Runs Out really showed that.
He doesn't move any faster then Hulk and Hulk doesn't move very fast. If you take the text of superman comics for read then his powers are just stupid over the top. He can lift the weight of the entire Earth for weeks on end and barely break a sweat. He can hear a sonic signal from space (Phisics breaking powers?) And travel across the galaxy in minutes. He can move and think faster then light. Basically any time a supervillian who can't move faster then light or blow up the planet swings a fist at Superman and it hits him and appears to hurt him, that's just Superman messing with that guy.
Oh yea, with warning and having Superman slow down enough for them to aim and fire a weapon, sure. All bets are off. In my mind an all out war would be Superman never slowing down, just punching heroes dead over and over till they were all gone. Kinda like the Injustice comics where he takes out the entire paradeamon army in a blur.
But like i have said, Superman can move faster then light. That means he is impossible to see coming. So that first hit (which is backed up by strength powerful enough to bench press the planet earth without breaking a sweat) has to be survivable. Not arguing for why this is compelling or good, but more so in how problematic Sups power has been stated. He almost never shows this level of strength or speed in battle (maybe he forgets, kinda like Syler from heroes would forget about all the powers he has) even against robots and monsters he has no qualms about destroying. Basically if Superman actually used his powers like his powers are stated in the books to function he would be more like Saitama from One Punch Man, bored out of his mind because he wins so easily every single time.
Daredevil vs Batman was the best Marvel vs DC book
Im kinda amazed that floppies are the primary sales for comics. You would think that by now comics would be made with mobile phones in mind first, then adapted to books later.
There are websites that do that. Another advantage is being able to do long virtical reveal pannels. I personally would love to see Marvel start producing free black and white web comics that were supported by ad revenue. I can imagine an X-men serise doing very well and allowing it to me far more decompressed.
People said the same thing for websites on phones but now over half of all web traffic is mobile and best practice is to build your website with mobile in mind first then make it responsive to also work on desktop. I'm not saying it should all be phone based but mostly created with mobile in mind (giving more space for word balloons because of screen size, more virtical pannels) and give us more mobile feature content. I'm willing to be they can make more money in ad revenue with free web comics made with less complex art but more of it (like manga)
It's not damaging, its improving it to take advantage of the medium it can be far more popular in. Like how writing TV shows has changed because of streaming TV, allowing show to not have to build around commercials and end of episode cliffhangers as much. Shows that take advantage of it become much more watchable on streaming even if they dont have as big of hooks during broadcast. If you have comics on both mobile/tablet and floppy format then one will suffer no matter how you design it. The current Marvel work around is abysmal. Pannel radically shifting from horizontal to virtical stretches makes comics on phones formatting awful. Once again, not saying the book size formatting should just be dropped altogether bit I think overall priority needs to start getting shifted away from it and into a far more sustainable model.
And there are tons of creative things to do on phones. It's not a lesser format
Poe's law?
Wow, they actually die? I was so convinced it was going to be virtural reality or something, esoecially with that image of all of them held suspended in the air asleep. I wonder if that was the original intent but then Marvel feared the backlash if they pulled a "it was all a dream" kinda like with Ultimatum that had shit loads of pointless death because it was supposed to be a reboot but then they backed out of it (and Loeb is a terrible writer) leaving a lot of heroes pointlessly dead.
The insecurity and fragile masculinity here is palpable.
Yeah diversity, get to the back of the buss. Quit forcing us to integrate with diversity!
Loeb of Ultimatum and everything post Ultimatum. Just a bad writer now even if had some decent stuff in the past, kinda like Miller
I think he supposed to be a flesh golem or Frankenstein's creature type thing.
Well in regards to Joe the Barbarian who can not love a comic drawn by Sean Murphy?
As much as a love his work, not everything has a place. The Phoenix egg comes out of nowhere, and Cyclops gets killed off without much of a point. He never really matters
Thought the early getting the band together Ultimate X-men was pretty good. Also the milliar Ultimate Comics Avengers was good until the vampire thing that pointlessly killed off all the most interesting charecters.
Lol, font humor is the best, as a graphic designer I often cringe when i see how the sides of public building have their letters kerned.
Yeah, i probably just need more time and games for the game to properly gage me. Thank you for the advice, i appriciate the work put in here. I think it will help
Oh, good. I had no idea there was a way to try out their kit. Ill have to try the practice mode to see.
Wow, the arts getting better. This one is competently inked, much better then issue one.
Ok, here is a critique, if you just wanted praise then please just kindly disregard. Overall, you did a pretty good job on design. The image is framed well though the Hulks feet both get cut off at about the ankle so it may look to some like you are avoiding drawing feet. The inking and line work is getting there. But you may want to consider having more line variation (like having lines that get thicker or thinner as they move to show motion of emphases) and also pay a lot of attention to you line weight because the charecter outline gets lost at some points though this may have more to do with your coloring. The coloring is clean but i wonder if there are other choices you could have made to.communicate this better. The glow effects over the top of line art can be cool, but here they often just cause the line work to fade into the background, at one point I thought the arm on the left side was behind his back because the line art got lost and i had to focus in on that area to notice his forearm was there. So basically, i think you could use more line variation to add more energy and emphases to the image and clean up the coloring to add more contrast so the focus of the image stands out more.
Wow, Vin Diesel just got serious about voting PSA's
And that's how Hydra won the election.
Going back are you going to have Vin's voice in mind while reading his dialog?
Ozmandious can't be judged in a vacuum. He is a product of his world, of its moral and frustrations. All of the watchmen are. It's a book about vigilantism and about how even people with the most power being slaves to their situation. The more power you have the less choices you can make. DR Manhatten has the most power but is enslaved to his own causality, essentially reading off a script. Ozmandious has only two real options in his mind. Let everyone die, or kill a small portion of the planet so that life may go on. His actions are weighed against the destruction of the entire planet, which all the other charecters in the book fully realize may be a likely scenario but never try to adress. No one else is trying to save the world. Dr Manhatten is acting out a script and everyone else is so wrapped up in their personal lives. The real villians of the story are the people in their world who let things get this bad. People more concerned about keeping track of a doomsday clock rather then stopping doomsday. People who can't see past what's right in front of their face and see the big picture. The comedian did, and that's how he figured out too much and had to die. There is a reason why the big monsters at the end are Kathulu looking things. This is classic kathulu type stuff. Knowledge and power ultimately disrupt your reality, the more you know the deeper your drawn into the insanity and the more danger you're in. Ultimately the charecters are helpless in their own world, their knowledge will haunt them or kill them or drive them mad. The lucky ones remain ignorent and safe in their ignorance.
If you don't think a story has political undertones then it is just because it lines up with you political outlook. There is a great extra credits episode where they explain how politics is inseparable from video games, same is true here.
It's really not that bad. People just like to be up their own ends about anyone who uses traces. What he does requires more tallent then anyone commenting has. Just like how people who knock digital pencil/inks/colors for not being as good as tradotional media because it supposedly requires less tallent.
Jim Shooter? Do we really need more stories of the Beyounderer learning how to poop? Remember when he decided that guy needed to be shoved down everyone's throats across his entire line? Jim Shooter sounds like a good idea, just like it sounds great when you say Stan Lee should write a comic.
I would argue the point, though i wouldn't argue with people who just said that his work wasn't their cup of tea or that they didn't like it. I think technically he still produces good art, regardless of how he made it, that efdectivly tells his stories. Id say he is better visually then someone like Frank Miller as of late, who has a style i may like more but is hard to follow, confusing and inconsistent.
When you have to ask if that's supposed to be Bush or Obama..... wow. There is really no redeeming qualities about the Holy Terror book other then being an overt warning about where Frank Miller is
As a midtier player i find ranked to be the far more relaxed game atmosphere and I am not the guy being relied on to carry the team nor the bug on the windshield of someone far better. Pure CBMM feels like hell for me.
Ironically, implying someone is a child is one of the more childish things you can do. I voted for both of them.
Crurrent CE ornamented armor shows damage and reconstructs when you heal. Would love to see more of this.
I like how they used our own supers against us. They were the only enemy besides hobgoblins that could disrupt my steamrolling of all enemies in strikes and nightfalls.
Ultimates Forever. Let Millar take back and explore the optimistic end of vol2 and see what a more morally inclined Ultimates team looks like and just try to forget vol3 forever.
You're equating how stressful a game is to how low your KDR is. Being the one high skilled player expected to carry the team can be just as bad. There are also a ton of other factors that determine how lop sided matches will happen. And no, getting stomped teaches you nothing and undermines gradual improvement as its hard to tell if you really did play better or if you just got the luck of the draw with opponents. You can be a high skill player in a game and not get much of a high KD then some of the lower players because lower skilled players may be more cautious and avoid playing the objective. You can't pin player skill on KD.
Only on the extreme ends and during the later stages of the release life cycle with lower population to draw from. Early in a release it is not noticeable, or at leaste it hasn't ever been for me. Player being in a non MM fireteam always seemed to add way more lag.
I only stated that I feel more stressed in CBMM and non ranked play. You took this as enough to say I am below average as a player. Specifically quoting my experence as your reasoning. My bad experenced came from both being way more experenced then other teammates or being completely outclassed. I never gave ratios, i think you made a lot of assumptions.
Then why bring it up?
It is true and that's what im challenging you on.
Just because I'm not pushing myself right now doesn't mean I'm not good. Your reasoning is bizzare. SBMM facilitates both approaches simultaneously. Not playing ranked for progression doesn't mean you're playing it wrong. SBMM is not about anything other then playing with players around your skill level. I think you just really want to think I'm just not skilled and thus am just uninformed. You have no bases to say anything about my skill at all, no matter how you try to talk around it.
I don't have tougher matches, never said that. I said the experence was all over the place.
I though Harley, Gamora and the Scarlet witch looked better. The ammount of body shaming in this thread is pretty disturbing.
I thought the new costume design was just fine when it was drawn to look more like fabric and not just like body paint. Though i think nearly all superhero costumes would be better off being drawn as less body-paint like, i think it's a lazy way to add detail by just drawing the same muscle anatomy over and over without having to worry about how diffrent fabric moves and flows.
Sounds more like how a manga tells a story.
Even if you think that anyone can get that ripped through phisical exercise ( not really true, you can build uo your muscle but your own anatomy can often hide things like 6 packs anyway.) Then you still can't explain why almost every single female superhero has a petite body frame, few have burly frames and almost none of them have wide frames. I think part of it is female fetishism, but mostly it's lazy art. Artists learn to draw women one way, the easiest way. As an artist myself it's much harder to draw a broader, slightly overweight, overweight, or androgynous woman and still have it read as female. It's much easier to slap on long hair, big lips, wide hips, tiny waste and call it a day.
I know he is a clone but i honestly wish they would draw these guys diffrently. Two charecter that have the exact same body type swapping suits is wildly confusing.
Stats dont like? Im going to suppose your saying stats dont lie... You can think what you want to, im winning more games now then I did during TTK, despite running sub-optimal load outs for bounties. The point is not winning or KD. Being the guy with a 3 or 4 KD can be just as stressful because you are usually having to make up for that guy who has gone 0-14 the rest of the game. I'm just as often the windshield as I am the bug
Did you even read the topic? I mid tier, i have just as many tines where i go big as times as I go low. The only real exceptions have been grinding subclasses lately that i don't normally play to get my moments of triumph or going for the painful Autorifle bounties. I think i have plainly stated many times in this thread that the issue isnt win/loss ratios in kills or games but the huge skill gaps causing anxiety of being the guy the team relies on to carry or the guy who is hindering.
I'm going off the model the Crucible radio guys have going, as there is still some SBMM even now. By their criteria i would be in the later stages of Gold.
Invisibility and then rush a flank.
There is an entire episode about it. Go listen to it.
Well you could always play with loadouts you dont know very well. I have been trying to handle both all my crucible weapon bounties and finish all the subclass quests. The results have been fun, i have learned a lot but I also have probably tanked my score.
... and also let everyone who this pisses off to voice their opinion that this should never have been made. I find it funny to think that people are complaining about someone complaining. Free speech cuts both ways, no one should be quiet just because another person said something that was their opinion. Your speech is not protected against criticism or repercussions.
Both are male fantasies
Is this poes law? Most of those illustrations don't show the hero as obese. I think you idea of fat has been warped. 2/3 of Americans are overweight. Most Americans are. Also saying people are body shaming thin people by complaining about people body shaming overweight people is halarious. Thats like calling Black people racist for complaining about the KKK.
And have it end with Adam X riding in on a skate board all Poochie style
"Is this comic going to be live?" "No it's a terrible strain on the artists hands."
Like i said, most are just overweight, just like most Americans. And almost all of these charecters are Americans, with the exception of a few Aliens. Your perceptions are warped based on what you expect to see and comparison. Most females in comics are drawn to be so petite, even if every once in a while they throw a lot of muscle onto a petite frame.
The patrol stuff is starting to sound more and more like Guild Wars 2's dynamic events, which where event chains that would spawn in the open world and draw players into them.
Except it's not a closed loop. They chose to dig it back up kicking and screaming with the No Time To Explain exotic gun and quest. They even teased us about this gun that we could own various incarnations of along its timeline with a word etched into it... soon. They made this bed for themselves when they made that quest line.
Could be either. Dynamic events were a mixed bag. Some were fantastic but others felt tedious. Overall it would be a vast improvment over current patrol, but that's not saying much
Do it once and they become paranoid. Then you can step into their radar space and back out quickly to make them think you're about to do it again.
I don't feel like publicly having my profile picked over and dissected. I already had one guy witch hunt me here and it was a terrible experence that made me want to just leave this sub. I was thinking about a lot of games but Starcraft 2 in particular where I had to refuse to go into unranked matches because players who didn't have the twitch speed like me realized it was a place where higher skilled players would grind out wins. So lower skilled players go rarer and rarer, pushing the skill curve even further towards the higher end. I mean there were a lot of things at play, going on at the same time. Blizzard driving away casuals with bizzare design choices, huge imbalances at lower skills of play, and an inhospitable community if you didn't love the direction the game was going. But these only added to the fact that anyone in gold or lower was much better off in ranked play then unranked matches.
If it's non-superhero then it does have to be described. Even stuff like Saga gets the "sci-fi/fantasy" descriptions.
I'm going to counter disagree here. Generation X was using highly stylized art. Where as this comic looks like it was drafted by a computer. I will admit that the inking has vastly improved in the 3rd issue. In the first issue all inked lines seen to have the same thickness, regardless of whether it was a detail or an outline and the lines had no variation in thickness at all. The colorist had to do all the work to give the art any depth or composition. This is much better in issue 3 but still not very good. Also the faces look off. Like, maybe they should have been stylized more because im getting uncanny valley vibes here.
Silver Surfer: Requiem. Oh boy, Galactus arrives and an almost dead Norin goes out to stop him and Galactus tells him he is just there to see if he can save him. Then When Norin refuses telling him that every living thing has a time and place and this is his, I was crying as he died half delirious "Look Shambala, I'm flying" The Walking dead got me with the "They aren't the walking dead, we are" (So much better in the comics) and the gut punch of when everyone but 2 charecters ended up dieing horribly.
Would be cool if he was Pansexual and/or polyamerious.
What particularly offensive about that. It really only opens up new storytelling
Pansexual includes women.
Just listen to the Crucible Radio podcast that just came out about it
Lol, with great power comes great responsibility is the opposite of libertarian principles. The libertarian version would be: With great power comes the ability to help if you want but don't have to, not your responsibility to help others who can't get powers because they are too lazy. Also, you should probably try to monetize that power somehow and make out like a bandit. In a libertarian comic all the heroes would charge the people they save a fee for helping them.
Pansexual includes every adult you're not related to. Transexual, man, woman, gender non-binary, cyborg, clone.
Bisexual people often won't date transexual or gender non-binary people. Pansexual people often will use bi as a shorthand because pansexual is harder to describe... i know I do.
God and Satan where pretty good villians in that.
Don't know what to tell you. Traditionally in the LGBTQ community bi means you won't date trans. It's not up to you to decide how people orginize themselves. Im letting you know how it is so you can understand, not debating the merits of the facts. Pansexual is a term, and it has a great utility in that community. Sure you can say what you want and have an opinion. Im just politly informing you on the fact that you are wrong.
The guy who often fakes his own death, has alternate personalities that kill or mind rape you, and had taken the kids under his care into a secret facility where he militarized and radicalized them?
Yeah but he was such a dick to his actual son
There is an awesome Batman vs Dare Devil comic that showed off all the ways that they are similar. It was kinda great because it showed how DD's powerset is almost a perfect counter to alot of Batman's gimmics and his ability to read peoples heartbeat is how he knows Batman is not actually going to kill him and he calls Batman on his bluff.
I know a lot of people throw Goku out there, but if there was any manga charecter I would want in the DCU it would be Saitama. He would be the perfect foil to the Justice League. Funny how even though he is meant to be more satirical, I find I have much more pathos for Saitama then I do for Superman. Anyway, Goku wins easily as he has less plot exploits the Superman. No absurdly powerful weaknesses.
I love this artist. I follow them on deviantart and they have a second account that has some seriously kinky stuff on it lol.
By robust do you mean non-patete?
Ultimate Kitty Pride, pretty much anything she was in. Ultimate Sue Storm Damn, Ultimate Marvel did such a better job with female superheroes.
In the comics the world comes close to getting destroyed so often I think people have become numb to it. "Hey, Bill. Remember that time the whole world got wrecked and Superman had to store us all as data in little ice cubes?" "Wait, was that the thing with the aliens or the thing with the undead?" "I'm pretty sure it was aliens, I think the undead thing was something tottaly diffrent"
I'll never get the digital art bias.
Yeah, those battle are tottaly won.... please let me know where I can enter your alternate reality.
Man, what did Neil Degrasse Tyson do to Nick?
Little girls could be scientists back then too. Women where prodominantly the people performing calculations for NASA before computers took over. Doesn't mean it was easy then or now. The problems are not so simple or one dimensional.
God, I wish I lived in the same country you do. Unfortunately America is not like that.
And I'm sure when people fought against the civil rights movement they were saying the same sort of thing. "What are these guys complaining about? We got rid of slavery, don't act like this is a big deal." Racisim hasn't gone away, it just changed forms. You are living in privileged America.
I think persecution in general is present pretty consistently. But her, guess jews in the 40's were just exaggerating right? Or those SJW's who complained about share cropping and Jim Crow just had a "complex" were super annoying.
Yeah, and you're yhe arbiter of what an actual problem is. My point is that for many privlaged people they didn't see Jim Crow or Share Cropping as actual problems, to them it seemed perfectly fair.
Hmmm, all the fabric looks like satin and wish they had more contrasting cool colors. Other then that it's well done, but not terribly evocative
I think the "Passion first, reality second" approach has allowed them to make games that are incomplete and imperfect are also groundbreaking and fearless. Maybe its just me but I will take a games flaws if the game gives me an amazing experence despite that. I think mediocre games are defined by mistakes they avoided but my favorite games are defined by the handful of things they do amazing.
I still hope the Darkness is just the universe in collapse. That as it contracts it forces those races on the outside in and makes them desperate for resources. If the Traveler is a seeder of life then this is the ultimate antithesis to it, and something it cannot beat, only run from. So it Travels along helping races develope space travel so they too can try to out run the collapse. On earth perhaps it exerted itself and by doing so kept our pocket of the galaxy stable, but since it is one of the few systems left it makes it valuable.
I can't agree with all the comic are comics comments here. Manga and western comics are fundamentally diffrent in so many ways. Format is all diffrent, leading to manga having more pages to work with which allows a vastly more decompressed story and more detailed and complex action. Manga is also released in weeklies that can combine them with other popular manga and helps keep a stream of new IP's going, where as American comics struggle to develope new IPs or even break into new genres. Manga has tighter stylization which creates iconic looking charecters without the need for a costume to tell the diffrence. Mangas are typically one man shows or enough so that all creative control is generally held by one mangaka. You don't see a lot of writers or artists swap in, this creates a huge ammount of consistency in any given manga title that few western comics have (rare cases being like Ultimate Spiderman and Clairmonts X-men) I can really go on and on. But there are a ton of advantages manga has to attract people. Western comics have their pros as well but my point here was to show that they can not be called the same thing.
You can practically fit Ikea instructions in the wide gulf that you made with that definition.
I disagree. Format is key to art. Graffiti and Oil paintings share a lot of the same factors in what they do but you wouldn't call tagging a painting. Comics are a sub-genre of sequential art as far as I see it. Manga has it's own term that doesn't need the term "comic" to covey its meaning. The term comics have come to mean a very specific thing. That's why you have to say "manga" and "comic strips" because the default for comics in our vascular is to mean the western sequential art in monthly and TPB releases. So in terms of both how the word comic is associated in modern context and the diffrence in medium I dont think they can be lumped in together. Even more so I think lumping them in together is detrimental to each because it diminishes the value of those differences.
I think there is a reason why you only see manga influences in american comics. Manga can't work in the western comic format, and same vice versa, they are not compatible, the format means that much. Something like Hunter X Hunter would never make it as a monthly floppy release, despite being one of the more amazing shonen manga out there. The argument really boils down to if you want to say the term comics is an umbrella term or a sub-genre. I say the latter because the word has become so associated with a particular type of sequential art that it defines the word.
Yeah, that art seems just fine to me. I was reading along every week with it because the chimera ant story line is one of the best stories in manga or western comics.
I have yet to see an anthology in the west that had a jumps ammount of content, release weekly, at a jump magazine price point and be buy-able in a supermarket or for delivery.
Not saying you need to have the insane pressure cooker that is the ratings system, that causes mangakas to have to preform unreasonable quality under those tight deadlines. Also most mangaka use traditional art methods which are slower then digital.
Agreed, while i may come at this with a stern tone, all of this always has to be taken with a IMO. Language is subjective and changes. But I think it raises some good points about our discourse about sequential art and how we classify it.
That actually explains a lot about how he was able to keep up his deadlines and be so prolific without the same drop in quality that you saw in manga like Bleach. Gantz was also heavily drafted on a computer for the background, weapon and effects.
Uncanny X-Force, apocalypse solution and Dark Angle arcs were my all time favorites in terms of incorporating action and having the action feel more then tacked on bits between the plot. In a sense it felt more manga like in how it grounds its core logic in fights and how that is played uppon is interesting. Hickman's Avengers and Secret Wars are also a strong example of western comics doing what they do best and avoiding things western comics are worse at. Yes, it's plot heavy but that's what western comics do so well, tell grandiose plots.
Not in the same way. The compressed but detailed nature of western comics tends to push plot over moment-to moment-actions.
I always forget just how steller the coloring was. Moody but colorful without looking too glossy
Sounds like what they put the mutates in during the genosha storyline. Perhaps you're thinking of when she was captured
How is this man not hired for more ongoings?
Yeah, I guess I just am blown away looking back at his old New Mutants stuff and how that was better then most modern comic art today, even with the terrible coloring of the day.
Can we please just realize that 90% of comic stories are written in ways that dont require you to really "catch up" at all to just enjoy the story. Most these stories can be informed by and have depth added to by knowing about the history leading up to it, but most the time if you start a book at the beginning of an arc you will have no trouble understanding it.
The worst are people using the term SJW as an insult. Makes me cringe every time.
It plays it off like fighting for social justice is a silly thing, enough that title should be seen as being over reacting. Social justice should be fought for, even on the internet. Yes, people should be offended by offensive things... even on the internet. People speaking out needs to happen, or we get racisim run amuck, like with the alt-right movement that had it's origin in sub-redits and 4chan (among other places) where they were unchallenged and bred their horrific views.
Most people fighting for social justice don't label themselves like that. We are feminists and progressives, allies and activists.
But you also get members that personify hard boiled detective stories, and samurai films.
Saitama. He seems to me exactly what a man who obtained limitless power would feel like... bored. Except he is also a really good guy and has a ton of heart. It also helps that the world at large doesn't realize just how powerful he is.
Manga is extremely varried. What kinda stuff do you like. I love One Punch Man and Hunter X Hunter, but i love shonen deconstruction with a lot of heart.
God, i wish we could get those pencils and inks but with a good modern colorist. Modern colors have their own issues but those colors back then just look sickly and distracting.
Have you read Gantz? It's action'y horror. A lot about the unknown, being a cog in dark machinery and the nature of life itself maybe being very insignificant. It viscerally bloody and intense.
I wish i could covey some of the moments that make One Punch Man so good without spoiling it but it's hard. Also worth noting that the anime adaptation is steller. Everthing has a fine attention to detail, like how even when Saitama is moving at super speeds he still just kinda looks like he is effortlessly walking, just faster. I wish Superman where coveyed with the weight and power Saitama displays.
Yeah D1 was falling apart like crazy in terms of design by the end. AoT definantly knew it was all going to be scaled back in D2 and just jumped the shark on everything. Dont need to worry about how the armor asthetics will play with future expansions, so crank it up to 11 and make everything glow and holographic. Just go as bizzare as you want with the guns, we are three year in and dont need to maintain design standards for guns anymore, the scout rifle can look like anything. Dont worry about fixing the gun system, just give everyone stupidly powerful rolls on weapons from the vendors and crank one hit abilities up and the TTK will be too fast to tell whats balanced. After AoT, there was no way you could ever make another expansion to D1. So many cobbled together systems. So many diffrent modes and features to navigate through. It was a mess and would have just caused any new player to nope out.
Its always about that mechanical advantage. Thats why when someone says "I just want something to grind for" I always read it as "I dont want guns to be balanced so I can have an advantage, so hide the best guns behind a grind so I can get it and other players can" I prefer the system we have now where my options are pretty huge. I like that guns have personality and not just perks. I would hate to have a system where every time I earn a gun it would either be god roll or degrees of shittier then god roll. Because the god roll is what the gun is balanced around and what it is judged around. Anything less then the god roll is just a shittier version of its base god roll.
Someone never had to grind Imago Loops to find tge perfect Fakebringer. Rolls were important for PvE just as much. Tripple Tap on a sniper was king. In D2 I pick very specific guns for each encounter in the raid. If I am using an AR to wipe skulls then I will go with something that has tap the trigger. Luckily in D2 i didnt have to keep farming the same damn weapon so it had tap the trigger but not also wasted slots like mullagan. More over guns have a place and personality, they arent just parking lots for randomized perks.
Complexity=/=Depth Random Rolls were complex but ultimately lacked any real depth as each gun had obvious rolls you wanted and any other roll was just you getting a gun that was shittier by degrees.
How is this dawning any different then D1 Dawning or Festival of the Lost? I had much better luck getting the silver dust to buy what I wanted this time then I ever did getting the blue skull mask in FotL.
LoL, I almost Poe's Law'ed myself. Good one.
I really wish the community didnt rake bungie over the coals for bringing back old content to pad out new stuff. It's the only way we get the old stuff back.
Midnight Coup is much better for spread out enemies like in the baths. Outlaw and rampage are just savage and enemies are never far enough from you or grouped close enough to warrant explosive rounds. To your point of virtical vs horrizontal progression: it's about what people find fun and what feels good. Having your hand cannon choices locked to fatebringer or suffer severe handicaps sucked. It's not about the choices being prescriptive but the choice being the players. Virtical progression feel to me like paint by numbers design. When anything become too powerful it becomes the baseline making all other options irrelevent.
What are you defining as meaningful? Like I said in the post, i think you may be considering only things that add direct mechanical advantages as meningful. Prestige gear and ornaments are still worth playing for if your looking for loot to earn. Also, you act like you can't simply earn bright engrams in game. Why is prestige gear not viable end game loot, yet people complain about the eververse cosmetics like those cosmetics count as end game? Honestly I wrote about this. Did you skim? Is this post a collection of hyperbole? The campaign is not 30 min and is by far the largest 20$ expansion Bungie has ever put out.
I think it will get better, my hopes are that bungie listens to how people are feeling but none of their suggestions. I think at the end of the day Destiny 2 will play out a lot like Dark Souls 2. Where it will find a diffrent audience that adores it but old fans of the first game will largly hold it in contempt for how it was diffrent.
Looking back I even have doubts about special weapons in PvE. Fusions never had a place and shotguns were niche use. Especially in the raid you almost always had sniper in that special slot and its DPS made it insane but also made boss health pool and raid encounters balanced around it. If we had the same system in D2 is there any doubt that callus wouldnt just have sniper always in the special slot? I think we got more flexible raid encounters now because sniper damage spikes no longer exist and heavy ammo is much easier to control
Great points, I cant imagine that much loot falling. I get annoyed enough by the blue that drop that i constantly dismantle. The Destiny franchise has always been mostly about giving the player an excuse to play the incredibly fun and tight gunplay. Destiny is the best at shooting aliens in the face. All the other stuff is nice. And I do love the Masterworks system. My favorite little part of Masterworks is how they subtly push you to play aggressively. Like they could have just said "gain more super energy from kills" But no they made it multikills and then had it come as an orb that spawns from the enemy killed. Making you have to be constantly be moving forward to claim your orb.
Really? I have seen much more variety. Are you just thinking mostly of the raid layer boss? Because for most end game content I end up doing far more work with primaries and abilities, both of which are super flexible. In regards to rockets I get how people would feel pigeon holled into cluster bombs but in terms of heavy options I don't feel like rockets are so optimal as to say it demands the slot, unlike snipers in D1 raids. With Callus I never use rockets and feel like I get comperable damage with Tarantula or Merciless or even just going full cold heart and having my heavy be flexible. Rockets only become a better option in things specificly like the raid layer. Where you can have ralley barricade up and tons of time and adds to gather heavy. Dogs I'm going to run a sword because it is consistent and flexible and easy Baths and gauntlet I am going to run a shotgun for the flying yellow bars. The raid layer shitgun and Perfect Paradox both are amazing for those encounters and I can't imagine why I would use a rocket over them with rocket ammunition issues. Callus I run Tarantula because I use Nighthawk most of the time and I like saving my primary and energy ammo for the void room. Using rockets makes me use my primary ammo up too much and can leave me very low. Tarantula does really good damage and has the ammo reserves to sustain without me needing to dip as deeply into my other ammos. If ralley barricade reload wasn't able to allow rockets to fire fast I think the picture would look a lot diffrent
They are also the only weapon that kills you because someone steps in front of you. They also have shitty ammo reserves and are mot as effecient as other heavies because you only get 1 rocket per brick.
Not, everyone. Most of my presteige raid groups have been highly mixed in their heavy usage.
Maybe im getting better then. Start of D2 I couldnt crack a win, now i get pretty far on a ticket. The population may be lower but im not sure that means only the sweaty are left and all the "hardcore" players seem to want to do is get on reddit and complain the game isn't D1
I use Midnight Coupe for all end game activities. Rarely am I put in a range situation my energy slot can't handle that Better Devils would be better for. And Outlaw plus Rampage is just absurd. Rampage is straight pumping out better damage then ER and outlaw means you have less DPS drop off for reload time. I also prefer Null Calamity 9 for my energy slot as its recoil is just easier to control, though the trials energy scout has been working well as it has almost no recoil and the sights are super clean. As for power, it depends on the situation. Cluster rockets look good on paper but ideal DPS and actual situations are far diffrent. Yes, if you dont have to reposition because enemies are too close, and you have a rally barricade, and you have enough heavy on the ground to keep it up. Yeah, then you get the best DPS. Not gunna use curtain call for much more then the raid layer boss myself. For most other activities it is a pain in the ass because its ammo inefficiency means you pretty much just save it for the boss.
Those are almost all situations where a one hit kill was promoting flanking, not faster TTK.
Well no. You only get extended range on half of your damage. A hand cannon without ER hitting in its range is doing more damage then a HC with ER hitting outside its range. Where are you getting your information about ER doing more damage? As far as I have seen it only has the properties of increasing flinch a bit, no damage drop off for half your shot and slight AoE. So, no, rampage on Midnight Coupe and it's outlaw perk will mean you are doing more damage over time because your damage is ramping up at the same time you wont be stuck in reload nearly as much. If you need the mitigation of the range falloff of half the damage of your HC then you have put yourself in a bad spot and probably shouldnt be using that HC at that range.
I do not agree with 2 at all. And i think the people who dont agree with that also just arent being vocal because it isnt a problem for them anymore. Double RNG with gun drops and gun rolls was really abusive design. I am so glad all of that is gone and will be super sad if it gets reverted.
There is no way you can get through the campaign that quickly unless you have a sparrow from the start and are running past everything you can. CoO is at least 3 hours played at a reasonable pace. If you are getting into Destiny 2 for campaign length then I think you may be barking up the wrong tree. Just because you replay a part of it doesnt mean it isnt quality or fun. That's like saying that PvP is only quality when it's a map you have never played before. And unless this Assassins creed is much diffrent then the ones before I doubt the whole thing wasn't just repeated variations on the same mission types.
Where were you for D1? There was so little talk about general game direction and priorities. You would be lucky if the Bungie weekly update ever had new information. The only information we got on those topics came from expansion pre-release vidocs. What D1 did everyone else play that had all this communication, amazing PvP, no content droughts, and no Eververse?
Redditors dont want their issues to be adressed as much as they want their specific ideas to be used and validated.
This. Basically Null was my 2nd weapon that I masterworked and the TJ will be the 3rd.. I would add that the kenetic HC is fun but Im not sure how good it is yet and the JQK is really good but wont make me unequip NC or TJ.
Midnight Coupe....
Good thing I like D2 so much I dont miss D1 much.
Jump away from the wall. I am tetempted to run high jump/catapult. Also if they shoot it right at you, run towards it and jump over it, they can't do 180s very well.
I see D1 as a ton of great game built on a very shaky foundation indeed. D1's foundation was a dead end and AoT was about as far as it could have gone. We needed to strip Destiny down. In terms of both gameplay and design. Like, how would you top the AoT ornaments? With fireworks shooting off your shoulders and a spinner on your forehead? Gameplay wise, how where they supposed to do something better with core gun systems of D1? As fun as I'm sure it would have been to be sitting there sniper shotting dogs and callus (sarcasam). D1s foundation was mostly held together with fantastic gunplay and abusive player engagement that kept people coming back for all the wrong reasons. Double and even tripple layers of RNG, making weapons so powerful that you had to balance encounters around them and thus force players to grind for it, and constantly shifting imbalance to keep people grinding were all abusive tactics. D2 is far more respectful to the player and it has to deal with its foundations.
Faster TTK wont solve the team-shot meta. D1 didn't have hero moments because of low TTK, it was because of all the OHKO options. More power weapon drops will get people moving around the map more and power weapons will make flanking more effective. It will make teams that are tightly packed easier targets.
Thats the point. Better Devils isnt the best pick unless you need a gun to make up for your lack of skill. In PvE Midnight Coupe is a much better PvE choice. It rewards your skill with increased power that BD cannot match. This was the issue with random rolls as well. God rolls were never rolls that had perks that rewarded skill but rather perks that made the skill requirement less.
I seriously dont want to be dedicating a whole slot to a sniper rifle I am only going to use to shoot Callus in the face. I sometimes think people cant remember hpw crucible used to be. Shotguns and snipers everywhere, bungie couldnt tone down the special weapon ammo enough and when they did it to the point of wiping special ammo on death the community gave up on everything but sidearms. That system just didn't work and made it to where you didn't want a primary that couldnt do everything. All primaries had to be jacks of all trades. Why have a super close range primary if you can't trust you will have enough special to cover your longer ranges? My fix? Just add a PvP perk to snipers that allow them to keep their heavy ammo on death. I think right now the ammo wipe on death is the only thing stopping snipers in PvP. For PvE just allow them to have a shitload of max reserve so they can dish out damage all day. I think shotguns are doing just fine right now.
You can buy basic ghost/ships/shaders from the vendors. And level up rewards rain them down on you. You dont need to buy anything lol
There is no way you can describe D1 pvp as good. At best it was stupid fun. An endless stream of cheap one shit kills and wild swings in meta that revolved around a couple of OP weapons at a time.
What? Getting a god roll? The RNG stack on another RNG that created an abusive cycle of hunting for a gun only to find the version you got was various degrees of shittier then the version of the gun you wanted? Or are we talking about the end game loot that would invalidate all other choices? Why use anything else but Fatebringer or Vision of Confluence in Y1? Why use any rockets except for Ghorn? Y2 and 3 had examples just as bad as well. Sure if you like the paint by numbers of D1's imbalance dictating to you what weapon to use then that system seem great and rewarding.
To a degree. I dont think power and options are mutually exclusive. Power can be with mods and MW and options can be the gear selection. The problem in D1 wasnt just the OP stuff, it was that you could be both OP or way underpowered based off of RNG. Remember trying to beat strike bosses without Ghorn in D1? It took forever.... or no time or challenge at all if you simply had Ghorn. That wide of a gap isn't good. Look at kings fall. That whole raid got balanced around Black spindal and Sleeper levels of damage. There was little choice in what weapons you were going to bring.
Ah ok. So sounds like you want to work on a few things. Mostly focus on radar and map awareness. When you see that red on your radar try to think aboit what you know of the map and where your cover is. Then plan out how you will get away real quick in your head.
Sequels that change a lot always will. Look at Dark Souls 2 and how people call it trash over completely subjective reason because the game didn't go the direction they liked.
I agree. There is outrage about the smallest issues. A few weapons not showing up in a loot pool get Bungie slammed with people calling for their heads. It's like no one remembers this always happens with every Destiny release.
"Bungie, you need to be quicker about responding to issues!" "Well, we like to thoroughly test all of our fixes and make sure it doesnt cause other problems." "No, we need quicker responses. These are easy fixes!" "OK...." "Stupid Bungo, what have you done?" Water coolers at Bungie HQ get replaced with Rum dispensers.
I bet it's so easy for them to recode those things that came in a big DLC download, probably just a button on their keyboard marked "make it not DLC" and the guy in charge is just sitting there like "screw these fans, im not pressing that button, I got to drink this coffee." And then.... and then.... something.... something evereverse mhaggdhhdbij
Did everyone really expect 3 years of concurrent development could just easily be ported over into a new engine? And I think the positives far outweighed any missteps. I didnt want another D1, I wanted something new. They went in a direction a way for the overload hodge podge that D1 had become with a million different modes and options and systems and boiled it down to a healthy platform to build on. And sure, the marketing could have conveyed stuff more. I think they should have flat out said "Destiny to will respect your time, which is why we have removed many abusive mechanics that kept players grinding."
Web Project Director for 3 years. I have had meeting where people ask for seemingly easy things that I have to inform them is really hard. Like: can we get that interactive element on the home page? And I have to explaine how it would work on some browsers but not others, about how I would need to update other objects on that page so that there were no conflicts with our responsive design. Also making it react to the responsive design which might require a rebuild of the interactive element. That i would have to figure out how to make it work with touch screen as well as mouse.
Lol, this community cannot be for real. You are mad because you did not get guns that you had to look through the API to see? Yeah, D1 tottaly wasnt mostly reskins of weapons and its events tottaly didn't recycle weapons and drip feed them out over the course of a year.
I think Bungie should have never said they read the subreddit or listen to the community. Now they have armchair game designers mad Bungie wont adopt the idea the glommed onto. I miss the days when complaining was futile.
It's absurd at this point. It's not a conversation. It's a list of entitlements people have made up. What conversation can you have around that?
No, there has never been a Destiny even that didnt use the same base set all year round. We didnt get iron banner changes in the first year of D1. We had 3 sets for 3 years. This community build up wild expectations about what the game should be then takes it personally when it isn't. The community is like an abusive spouce, who didnt get exactly the meal they wanted and are now lashing out.
Maybe if I thought it was worse then D1, but I don't. I think people are blowing thing way out of proportion and the issues that are there are nothing new and nowhere near as bad as in D1. Also, you dont have to say "quote on quote" you can just use quotes. That's the point of saying it verbally, is that you dont have a written medium to show it.
You do realize that factions also kept the same rolls for years on end right?
Lost sector grinding isnt fun. You still get a lot of token for doing such a quick activity you just need to do other thibgs as well. Please no more loot caves.
D2 has consistently put out more content then D1 did. It just doesnt lock as much behind tedious grinds or double layer RNG
Even the Youtubers go and make clickbait titles. It's sad to see.
Or the Warframe videos, which was funny because its micro transactions are far more predatory. Or The Division before people remember the shoiting feels terrible in that game. The reason why there isnt a "Destiny Killer" is because it is hard. The kind of game Destiny is is not easy to make.
Yeah, I actually really like Warframe but still felt like I needed to buy Mesa because of how ridiculous the grind was.
People not playing doesnt mean they hate it. LOL. D1 kept player pools due to double layer RNG and other abusive tactics. D1 players want their digital slot-machine/crack but Bungie isnt interested in it and neither am I. This is so much hyperbole.
They have, but players are now angry that there are no new weapons despite rallies having a ton of weapons to begin with. Without the glitch no one should reasonably have all the gear, there should have been plenty.
I like that they got rid of the double RNG of weapon rolls. I always felt like random rolls was just a well of disappointment. I would get a weapon and check to see to what degree it was shittier then the one I wanted. Weapons now have personality. Better Devils help make up for skill you lack, while Midnight Coupe is better but requires skilled play to work well. In D1 your primary had to be a jack of all trades weapon which meant that most of them had to be very general. Now I feel I have a lot more variety that is viable. I like balance and the game is far more balanced then any point I have ever seen. I didnt like all the OHKO options in crucible, in D2 when I die I know why and it was almost always something I could have done diffrently. The campaign was a million times better then in D1, the locations had more variety. Then all the QoL we seem to forget about: World maps Smart LL tracking for rewards Non global shaders Consistent power ammo drops Dont need to go to the tower to get bounties, they are now automatically equipped and called challenges. Bright engrams as an extra reward you get for just playing and dont have to grind a specific activity for. Defined subclasses The Raid (best IMO so far in all of destiny) Guided games Clan Rewards Clear progression path (remember in TTK trying to figure out where the hell you got a high lvl ghost?) Public events matter Exotic emotes That's just off the top of my head Oh and I also like the current token system, where you can buy items or engrams. I love collecting a ton on all 3 charecters but then giving all the rewards to one to get an entire set. I like mods, but only just a bit. Hoping mods 2.0 bumps up the stratigizing
I recently went back and compared my PSN trophies from D1 and D2. Suprisingly enough people complain about the end game but almost exactly the same % of the total playerbase completed a D1 raid as in D2 despite many initially calling the D2 raid the hardest to LFG yet. So the end game content isnt any worse as engagment is just as high (high enough to complete) The real issue is that people dont think they can grind it all day long. Makes me think that all the abusive systems like double and tripple layer RNG (looking at you Kings Fall) and the staggering low drop rates (never got my Vex from the raid nor my Nanophenix despite raiding all the time) were the things driving engagment. So did Bungie respecting players time and not playing bullshit with RNG actually make people mad?
Honestly, i think players do need to be throttled or they will ruin their own game. Basically player will find the easiest route regardles of how fun or actually effecient it is. https://youtu.be/oSVkFrpp6zI This video is funny but very true. Loot caves are psycological traps and farming a lost sector is a loot cave with extra steps. I do agree on juggler being a tiny issue, though I am guessing it affects my playstyle less because I swap a ton. Not saying all these systems are perfect but rather that they all add so much that the smaller issues with them don't bother me enough to not be patient about a QoL adjustment.
The only reason why team shooting wasnt big in D1 was just the absurd ammount of one hit kill options and the 3v3 format. Lower TTK will mean that flanking will require even more skill then it does now. Unless your flank begins with every single person not aware of you then it will be harder with low TTK. For one, the enemy can more easily collapse your team while your flank is getting into position. Secondly lower TTK only affects one type of flank, the showy ones. A lot of flanks are not about one person running in and getting a bunch of kills while the enemy is distracted by the rest of the team. They are about the flanker causing the enemy to get thrown out of position and pushed in a way to make it easy for the rest of the team to collapse in on them. A lot of times a flanker doesnt even need to get a kill to be really valuable, just push the other team into really bad situations and keep them weak. I actually really enjoy Trials of the Nine much better then ToO. But the skill floor is much higher.
I can tell you why I dont like it. It is because Destiny is not like Borderlands where the actual shooting plays secondary to RPG mechanics. The shooting is first and foremost. That makes meaningful perks hard to pull off without inflecting on gun feel. So in Destiny perks largely became about making guns require less skill to use. Sure you have Rampage, Firefly and explosive rounds that add more layer and strategy but in D1 they were never part of the god roll. The god roll was always about making the gun require the leaste ammount of skill to use. Counterbalance so you dont have to learn to compensate for horizontal recoil, braced frame so you dont have to be careful about your engagment range, stability boosters so all your pulse rifle shots land in the same place with no need of careful shooting. And those god rolls are what defined a random roll, and all balance had to be made with that in mind. Weapons have to be balanced based on their most powerful. No matter what you wanted from that roll, unless you were absurdly lucky you always got a roll thay was a variety of degrees of crummier then the roll you wanted. Now guns have personality and situations. What defined a Palindrome? Virtical recoil, decent range, and high Aim assist. What defines Midnight Coupe? Great range, stability and a combination of outlaw and rampage that turns a masterwork version into an orb generating machine. It has a personality to it because its a unique combination of perks that no other HC will have, where as in D1 any gun could have just about any perk in that type of weapon.
I would definantly be disappointed if they went back to abusive game mechanics like the double and tripple RNG of random rolls. I dont have time for that stuff anymore and I like my time respected. Though I wouldnt rant on the internet about it. I would probably still play, just less. I belive in playing the game I have not the game I wish it were.
D2 is far less confusing. You dont need Youtube videos just to understand the basics of how leveling up, stats and gear works. You dont need lore videos just to understand what the hell was going on in the story. It's lost a lot of confusing complexity that I dont think ever contributed to actual depth. Oh and Trials. You dont need to get flawless to see the spire, you dont need carries. You dont have people subbing to channels on the hope that they would get picked in lottery.
I can respect your opinion even if I don't agree with it. Like guns to me don't feel mediocre, they feel balanced. I dont like games that have teired weapons, i like side grades. I like chasing options rather then chasing the next weapon that will invalidate all my other weapons. Maybe balance is the crux of a lot of this. I want the widest possible base of top weapons available and to not have them locked behind a tripple and quadruple layer of RNG.
Yeah, I was playing around with High impact HC this morning and the diffrence between stead hand and True prophacy is huge
The gif showed each peice of armor costing 5 cores.
Like your number play a much bigger factor in if you can win an encounter over raw gun skill and reactions. It has to do with Destiny having enemies that lack hitscan weapons, meaning most enemies in Destiny can be out maneuvered to avoid damage, this makes gunskill matter far more then just needing big numbers
If you want D1, its still there. I like my sequals to be their own game. I never wanted an expansion and just label it 2.
Wow, funny for the people here to call what Bungie does abusive. If irony were strawberries we would all be drinking a lot of smoothies right now.
Yep, this sub reddit seems to remember some mystical time where all was well and fans were pleased. Tgose times were of course the first 3 weeks after each major release. All other times have been filled with vitrol and outrage. It is especially funny to see this sub advocate for unbalancing PvP and reverting to RNG and weapon mechanics that were long hated in D1 but now in retrospect they loved all along. Its a joke. A place to hate for hates sake.
I think kenetics are still seen as being more general use while energy is able to have more push pull in terms of strength and weakness. I think that's why you see stronger PR and HC in kenetic because consistency is king with those and more roll centered guns in the energy slot like sidearms.
Real life is life and death. You dont "play agressive" or "opt for a trade" in real life. And in any game I will take the harder thing to do but has even a slight mechanical advantage. I always take the advantage over the ease, in the long run I want to improve and getting used to an easy to use option can kneecap that effort. If I get used to the weapon that is super forgiving its hard to shift away. Think of all the Street Fighter players who could never transition to more skilled play because the Ehonda palm spam worked consistently for most situations.
I guess I see it as how it will effect my path of getting better. Some strategies pay high returns on low effort but can become pigeon holes. Not saying that's exactly the case with BD but I do think ER stretching its range breeds bad habbits that make it hard to move to other HC. Like if yiu had an AR with no recoil then you would loose your skill for recoil compensation.
As long as those rolls didnt have the possibility to make the guns too power as to ruin the balance of the rest of the guns. People can have their slotmachines and RNG teasing. I sure as hell wont do it.
Always read it as they can be simulated to a degree but sometimes parts are missing or the simulation can be misleading.
It's the same trophy rate as Destiny 1.
The Orxy copy wasnt a simulation, it was a recreation. They can simulate Oryx but when they try to make him they lack all the abilities granted by sword logic because that power cannot be created, only taken. In terms of simulation the IF is a giant computer designed to brute force problems. The Vex possessed no such computer for fighting Oryx, which happened before the events od D1 where the Vex took over mercury.
I think the old ralley was designed to have most people only reach 30 ranks a few ralleys in but exploits pushed the number way up. We will be able to get as many as you can this time. I think this is designed to have dedicated players hit that 50 in one week if they get coordinated in tight groups and develope a good LS clear strat that avoids deaths. Just got my masterwork for Crimson, so look like Linier fusions and long range ARs.
I imagine you can do the same with a hunter and the grasps since they reload on melee hit.
After playing Warframe... no. Asking them to make a new game to tack on to their old one is only going to make the new one half baked. Just give us new recontextualization of the same core game.
Your melee and grenade would look funky. What happens to the other one when you pull up your ghost? This requires actually changing animation models for the guardians. Dont think it's gunna fly.
People liked how gated loot was in D1 to super long grind. It meant that they could have a mechanical advantage over possibly more talented players with less time. For a lot of angry Destiny players a weapon is only good if it's both much better mechanically, super easy to use and few people can get it. If its not rare and everyone can get it the community hates it. Its why the community paradoxically called the MIDA/Better Devils, Urials a broken meta at the same time saying that no guns in D2 stood out. They were pissed that meta weapons were too ubiquitous. D2 got rid of a lot of really bad addictive mechanics from D1 that really were just there to pad the game time and keep the player playing despite little content. Basically they made the game less addicting because they thought it was unhealthy, but players wanted the unhealthy addiction.
Stupid logic, making arguments invalid
And Im sick of this reddit playing back seat game dev. The constant "make it like D1" to me is just irritating. People have diffrent opinions. The streamers have theirs the loud portion of reddit has theirs, and players who like the game but dont feel like delving into the salt mind of reddit have theirs. I think changing back to old slot systems and random rolls will seriously make the game less enjoyable for me but Im not going to go around blaming others. Either I like the game and I stay or I dont and I go.
Much better then my 20th useless Byronic hero drop or every Palindrome drop ever that were never nearly as good as the vendor dropped one.
If you play an absurd ammount maybe. Like I said, I played 2 hours a day and never got a HC better the the one the vendor sells, thw odds were so stacked against that happening. Random rolls were crap and made everything super unbalanced. Even if the chase was fun, which is wasnt for me, then after that chase was just a horribly unbalancable game to play it in and now your pigeon holed into useing the best gun. I like how I have options, real options in D2.
It's kinda scary. Especially with the sort of agressive language those super vocal people throw around. I think people were lagitamently addicted. I think I was at leaste a little, plenty of times playing through with little enjoyment while other games I wanted to play sat on the shelf.
4chan is the meth house of the internet
The art book says he is a cabal with flesh and blood. In fact it states that his mass is so vollumus that he uses his excess skin to cover his robots.
I am doubting that. I was there and I see super unhealthy behaviors and the systems themselves were designed to be addictive, not just addictive because they were fun.
I think random rolls were a huge part of it. The sheer random reward system acts like a slot machine and gambling addiction. Also in D2 you dont endlessly grind, you hit milestones and progress is pretty much capped out for LL. Weapon grinds really dont happen because its much easier to get the guns.
It's common enough. I recently listened to a podcast produced by Mitch from Crucible Radio (Gaming in Hell) were they talked about D1 and gaming addiction. I think a lot of people actually are addicted. Some truths are said in jest.
I've been there https://youtu.be/85t3aLQzTsI
Still a lot of playing if you dont consistently hit streaks.
Part of Bungies original deal with Activision was that if they hit particular marks they would be able to pull people from dev teams to work on a side project called "Antham" not sure if that ever happened because of how Bungie struggled to resolve bugs early on, something the contract was strict on.
Guess we will see. Remember they said weapon randomization and not flat out random rolls. With masterworks already handling stat bonuses and more impactful mods on the way I dont expect more then one perk slot to actually be random, like kings fall weapons. They already stated they do t just want to revert to D1 systems but do something new. And it's not slander, you're just being sensitive. And I was saying I put 10 hours in and its a lot, yet that's not even considered the "hobby" level, which is absurd.
I disagree, i like it better then D1
D2 has always been head and shoulders above D1 in terms of weapon balance, something that is hard to appriciate unless it goes horribly wrong. Nothing has ever been as manditory as the Thorn/TLW meta.
Dudes on a smoke break, leave him alone. Union says at least 15 min every 4 hours.
Yes, exactly like shampoo
Wow, your ability to mind read is amazing. And saying a behavior is unhealthy is not degrading a person. You are being very sensitive a out this and taking it way too personally
Come on Bungie. Make new systems and dont just bring back old ones. If people dont like fixed rolls dont just go back to the old random roll system. Make something new that gives everyone an option. I hope we end the day with whole new weapon and slot systems and dont just revert to old ones that people complained about even back when it was in the game.
Elemental primaries were stupid. It was paint by the numbers for nightfalls. You had 2 primaries to choose from that were viable for burn related activities.
God forbid you play with players of your skill and cant just stomp everyone.
I hope so. We already have MWs for a stat bonus and a expanded mod slot would be cool for additional perks. Hopefully only one node is actually random that you cant change, that would be my ideal system.
Yeah, im deeply skeptical about weapon randomization (ugh, god roll chases and the unbalance that comes with all of it) and weapon slot changes (if we have options that are one hit kill then why use anything else?) But I will wait and see. I refuse to write my opinions about the game before I can play it. If I dont end up liking the changes I will give my feedback but I'm not going to pretend I am a game developer and give my opinion as to how they should make it better like the rest of this sub. I wont blame "hard core" players if I dont like the game, I will simply stop playing and let people who enjoy the game enjoy it without me spouting off as to why they are wrong for liking something.
That's cool. well I'll enjoy balanced PvP while we have it.
I love how people think limited ammo is going to solve anything. If you have a choice between a one hit kill and a non one hit kill weapon the choice isnt really a choice. Most people only put up 14-18 kills per game, not sure how you are going to make ammo economy so tight people dont run special weapons in all 3 slots.
You mean 95% from a vendor purchase and then no roll you ever get really matters much. Did anyone ever find a better Palindrom or Hung Jury ever? What's the point of random drops if only the most hard core players ever get a power boost out of them?
God, I kinda hate that we are regressing to D1 stuff.
People dont want balanced perks, they would call that boring balance. The reson why some player clamor for random rolls is so that if they invest enough time they get a mechanical advantage that can help them preform better against another player who might be more skilled. Its aboit how many people can't have the powerful combination as much as it is about getting something powerful. Its why i really hate random rolls and teired end game loot in general.
People dont want balanced perk pools really. If all perks would good, it would mean most rolls where good enough. Players want less balance so that people who play for a really long time have good weapons and people that dont play that long dont. Its why current players get mad when everyone has the really powerful stuff. Randomization creates imbalance and is reductive to choices in the end game. You just always go with your best roll. I hope they curtail the randomness, allow players to bypass it somehow but I am not feeling too optimistic
I could also see it working with a combination of being a single round with long reload or having severe movement penalties with slow weapon swap. It's going to be super hard to balance
I never wanted this. Every time I made a comment the downvote patrol made sure it would never be seen. I have always been against it. The community is not unanimous. The reason it looks like everyone agrees is because happy players dont bother to go online and fight angry players, they are enjoying their game.
Its all connected. They way PvP is now is fun for me because managing the enemy one shot kills is possible. Yeah I can still run 2 primaries but it would be stupid not to use the one shot kill option. Not really a choice. Same with random rolls. If you want to use the new weapons you have to go back to the stupid grind or just be happy with vendor weapons.
More like who sees who first. Not a skill I want pvp based around.
Escalation Protocol and chill?
Is 370 really a hard point? I am high 360's depending on what exotic im rolling
Yeah, time investment and luck. Jeesh, i dont have much of either. I just want to enjoy my game and be given cool tools to play with. I care more about playing with the toys then making the road to get them long.
Lol what? Shotgun rushing is a million times easier. The skill is in counterplay and how to turn situation around. With OHKO options that just isnt really there. And I dont think "adapting" to shitty rolls because you didn't have extreme time or luck to get a good roll is depth or skill in any way.
Lol, i guess if sniper laining and shotgun rushing counts for "skill" then no, I dont want that, it was stupid. I'll take the game we have where counterplay is actually possible any day over OHKO fests of twitchy lightning tag.
Rolls are far more powerful then that. There is a reason why one roll of DoP was considered god tier meta and every other roll of it was trash. Wow, just wow to the rest of your comment. I think it speaks for itself.
Dude, you are pulling this out of your rear. DoP didnt have HCR, it was strong because it was max RoF and had persistence and Counterbalance. Literally no other combination of perks worked with that archetype. It showed how critical rolls really were and the vast diffrence one perk could make.
"If you like crucible how it is, enjoy it while it lasts" my heart sank. I like my options and balance. They seem defeated, trying to make a healthy game but backing back into the corner to make their digital Skinner box crack again. Something tells me players just want the dopamine drop of quick kills and dont really think about the frustrations or actually care about supporting a skill based ecosystem.
Darn, maybe after this week
Thats stupid. Its not like casuals payed any less. Casuals made the game a hit and D2 sold more then D1 even before eververse.
This is exactly what happened. The entire game ended up being balanced based off of the god roll and so if you didnt have it then you were at a disadvantage in most content. This is why raid guns had to have strong raid perks to make up for the power diffrence in rolls
I think you can casual NM raid but not presige. The time investment to build a team and crack into having experence is pretty big. Most the tine you are subbed and playing at an 1.5 a day pace means peoples requirements for raids keep going up while you are just trying to level up to play it.
I put about 1.5 to 2 hours in. Im just hitting the 370's right now on one charecter. I do most of my milestones and I get at least 1 nm raid in a week. Havent had the time to find a group I can do prestige raid in. That's the pace i play. In D1 I did every single raid on HM and all challenge modes except for Oryx. But I also never found a HC that rolled better then the vendor Panidrom, or a scout better the Hung Jury. I do not look forward to random rolls.
I dont think there is much in D2 I would describe as no lifing because the game isnt designed to feed addiction... for now. But I also dont think super dedicated players are any more insightful then people who play 1-2 hours a week.
I dont think D1 managed both side very well. Random rolls were at first punishing to players that didnt sink in large hours as some archetypes just didnt work without particular perk combinations. Later on Bungie threw more casual players a bone by having Vendor weapons be much better but that had the flip side of nearly garenteeing that most players would not find guns better then the vendor ones they could by. Early D1 was pretty brutal on leveling even into the Taken King, let's not forget that even raids could drop power level below your current level and the infusion didnt full transfer the power, it more averaged it between the two weapons. And since none of the weapon slots shared any weapon types you had to get super lucky just to level up. So you had RNG of getting a higher LL, then RNG of it being the right slot, and then RNG of if it rolled with the perk you wanted (even raid weapons had a rolled perk) and if you wanted to use it for infusion it wouldn't give you its full value. It really wasnt till RoI that they stopped treating people with less time respectfully and even then it wasnt perfect
Why is it casual or hardcore? The term hobbiest is out there but it seems reserved for hardcore players only.
I have tried and it was a pretty big failure. I have gotten 1 or 2 parts down, but there isnt the will for people to come back every week to try again and slowly learn, it's pretty brutal in terms of how experenced players won roll with people who dont have several clears.
Wtf does this have to do with the topic? Your dead horse is in another castle dude.
Just my personal experence. I tried and it didnt work and was a huge waste of time for me.
Exhibit A, ladies and gentlemen.
According to others I'm just a filthy casual who plots to ruin D2 so I can abandon the game later.
I agree 100% They dont care about having powerful weapons as much as them being exclusive. Imagine the kind of F'ed up mentality that makes your enjoyment better by keeping others from it.
K
Ok guess I am lying then. My personal experence cant have possibly been diffrent.
They can speak to their experence, not game design. Just because you have rode in a bus for 4 years doesnt make you qualified to drive it.
I hope there is a punch out system where you cant get the same perk combinations 2 times so eventually you will get the one you want
Mr Titan, I don't feel so good....
The "non-standard overshare" almost seems like a hint at hosting Guided Games
What do you mean pick up where they left off? Even RoI had a ton of reskins. The raid weapons where just foundry weapons with SIVA bits glued on.
Yeah, the community has gotten Bungie to take a steaming crap on balance. Arm chair game developers.
It actually adds more reward for skill. If you can compensate for your recoil then you get the best of both worlds.
I would call that a rebuttal, not a refutal. I still take hbomberguy's side on this. Mathews video is a nit picky mess of personal preference being pushed as game design fact. It deserves ridicule
43 right now and still no damn legs. Wouldnt be too upset if I could unlock the chest ornament without them. This grind is pushing the edges of what I can do with my hour and a half to play a day.
I think the 720 SMG may be them trying to give console players a more rapid fire SMG that they can control
Except the predictability of ark striders makes Risk Runner super strong. I see it as kinda like competitive smash. Counters can take a while and it can be a pain to suffer under them but they breed familiarity and eventually train bad habbits that players who choose novel playstyles can exploit.
Sweet. Kinda hate random rolls. Glad I will be able to stick to my fixed rolls and now have to bother with that crap.
Yeah, but 99% of random rolls will be crappier then just about any of the fixed roll guns. You remember ever getting a Palindrom or Hung Jury that was better then the vendor version? I doubt I will be finding a HC I like more then Midnight Coupe, DFA, or the Ikeloes HC (though looking at vangaurd 180) anytime soon.
They cant really have guns you can only get with the expansion ve that much more powerful then base game equipment or it's like pay-to-win for PvP. Then again, it looks like the fan community has made them stop giving a shit about balance in PvP so who knows how much of a shit show that will become.
Shotgun cocks.
Lol Community: we hate bloom it takes away from mer skills! Also community: what? I have to pace my shots! That's absurd! Community: We want 3 tap HC, they were good high skill weapons! Also community: What? We do have 3 tap HC, they just require all 3 headshots? That requires too much skill, we need to go back to the old HC that only require 1/3 of your shots to be crits to get optimal TTK.
Not if you're using high skill HC. We still got 3 taps over here with CD. You just have to learn to aim.
Just feels like this is back to defacto D1 weapon slots as that is the only logical way to play and if you play like D1 you are at a significant power disadvantage in just about any activity.
Reddit is a steaming pile of hyperbole where only disgruntled voices are heard. I would take any concensious here with a grain of salt... ok more then a grain, a whole lot of salt.
You dont currently have OHKO weapons all the time and when someone does get one the hud tells you where they got it and what type it is. You can know not to go down that hall because that guy has shotgun or not to go down that lane because there is probably a sniper waiting. I haven't died to a Colony in forever because I see it coming and position myself so I can easily jump over them and make them waste their ammo. And sure, why not lower TTK to add on to the dumpster fire. Not like the crucible is ever going to be balanced again. Why not just make everything about who saw who first and discard any sense of counterplay or teamwork.
If you play long enough, sure. Most don't. Most i collected in a vault but never used because vendor palindrome was better for PvP then any other HC I ever got rolled.
Kinda have to.
So basically you are in an even worse position by running a D2 style loadout then you are now. Right now running 2 primaries pulls ammo from two pools, in the expansion running two will pull from one pool. This means if you run two primaries you can get serious ammo issues, Callus is already an issue. This is an active downgrade of the D1 option and presenting a more powerful D1 option.
That's not really a choice because the solution is obvious and it is using the D1 load out. Always have primary ammo and have Special weapons as much as possible and a heavy for when that ammo comes up. It doesnt make sense to not run a heavy for the power spike it gives or give up the one shot kill potential of a special weapon.
Maybe, but when Josh Hamrick gets on crucible Radio and says things like "If you like how it plays now, then enjoy it while it lasts" i dont have a ton of confadence I will actually enjoy the new changes.
Oh yeah. Once TTK is lower people will finally realize it also means they die faster. Oh, you're going for that flank? Still doesnt matter because unless the TTK is so fast that you can kill one guy off and then aquire a second target before they notice you it still wont help, also it will make sure your team gets folded on faster while you were getting into position to flank in the first place.
Dont even pretend that HC Optimal TTK was "moderately difficult" It was super easy. The guns had absurd AA and by the end nearly all of them had amazing recoil direction, palindrome was like 95 I think. You only needed one crit and 2 body shots. That's what people miss. Easy mode that made them feel skilled. Titan skate shotgunning wasn't difficult but it made people feel skilled. Scoping a lane isnt difficult but it makes people feel skilled.
If you like D2, play like D2... if you want to be gimped.
If you die to the colony in the current game then I call for your card because that's just sad. The game tells you when and where they pick up ammo, it requires 2 shots to hit and is countered by the amazingly complex maneuver of (checks notes, ruffles papers) eh jumping. The colony is one of the worst wastes of an exotic slit in the game. Even in quick play it is predictable and the only time you will ever not know someone has it is if someone died with full heavy and a colony user picks it up. If they pick up a used brick then they wont even have enough shots to kill you. Back to D1. Blink had severe restrictions after the blink shotgun nerfs, bones was fast but mostly for quickly getting around the stage, you have more dodge ability sticking to the ground then predictable control jumps because AA is so sticky in D1 and if your first shot was a crit the two body tap clean up is far easier then anything in D2 and it was optimal TTK. Basically if you catch anyone off guard you were pretty much guaranteed an easy optimal TTK. HC required so little skill in D1.
Currently most lengendaries are viable depending on how you throw them together. Practicing good fundamentals will always pay out more over the long term then rushing to learn a meta. Often meta weapons can ingrain bad skills that show up once the meta changes. Like most people picked up Better Devils early on because it was super forgiving and made up for not being at the right range or landing shot precisely. But learning to be in the right range and landing shots well is a really important skill and make them using the better option we have now harder. If you dont mind your HC having a longer reload then the Ikelos HC you get after the Warmind campaign is really good and garenteed from the first stage of the quest after the campaign.
So you want the game to be easier to get ideal TTK and wipe out people before the can respond... ok, no thank you.
I saw way more passive play in D1, in fact I have never seen as much passive play as D1 trials with it being a sniper fest for a lot of its run. I really dont see a prodominant ammount of kills coming from power weapons right now, not even close to what we used to see with special weapons.
Im not so sure about the player base drop off being just about crucible playstyle. Following D2's release we saw the emergence of the Battle Royal genre which sucked up a ton of players and streamers and demand for streams. All multiplayer games around that time got wrecked pretty hard. People who say fun is way more important then balance are more often then not playing balanced games. Easy to have that opinion when imbalance isnt severly impacting your fun.
If people are getting free kills on you with power then you have a terrible team. The game begs your entire team to be aware and know how they are coming. All D1s weapon economy ever did was reduce the map. Don't go down that lane, its going to have snipers, don't go down themat hall without a shotgun. I guess it all comes down to how much you value counterplay and how opposed you are to one shot kills. In D1 the benifit of the specials was far greater then the skill required to use them. It was far far easier to get special weapon kills to the point to where it was dumb not to use special if you had it. The only time this wasnt true was in the epicly broken Thorn/TLW erra where those guns where so poorly balanced that they were actually easier to kill with then a shotgun was. Hey I get it. Black Ops 3 was free so I downloaded it and I see why people like that stuff. Makes you feel great to get these quick kills. The who sees who first thing lets you eventually get a kill on even the top player if you happen to catch a lucky angle. The quick kills really give the sense of skill even if you really didnt earn it. It's fun, i get it.
But here is my deal. Aside from #4 maybe I cannot see for the life of me any way they can make running a d2 style 2 primary loadout just as viable as running a D1 style loadout, especially in PvP.
But D1 also didnt really have competitors in the same way D2 did, especially not in terms of massive Free to Play hits. Warframe had been doing ok but that game is far more entertaining to play then to watch. Nitty gritty stuff like weapon slots and cool down times are more about why the reddit crowd moved on. Streamers saw far bigger numbers in FortNight and Destiny streams had toxic trolls in salt spirals driving people out.
It was also novel, a new game experence that captured peoples imagination and was almost tailor made for twitch. I find it one of those funner to watch then play thing myself. With stiff shooting, floaty animation but its decent for free.
I like the new system. CammyCakes is also a big proponent as well as most the people on his streams.
Just sucks to be teased with the version of the game you really like and now they are going to patch it and you can never go back. At least people who liked D1 loadouts could always go back to D1. People who like D2 have no game to go to because they game we liked is being replaced.
Oh, i have no doubt it will be dumb fun, but I will enjoy it like I do with Black Ops or Mayham mode, something to kill time but not something worth investing time as a skill. Guess gamers dont really want that. They want dumb fun that gives an illusion to high skill. Kinda reminds me of how Starcraft 2 vs Starbow went.
To be fair, if it was that sweet Rasputin trans mat I would grind it till i got 3
So your into it for more of the PvP?
Landing 4 shots is harder then 3. It increased the demand by 33% Also HC in D2 dont tend to have good perks as well as perfectly virtical recoil and absurd AA like in D1 (Palindrome)
Or maybe I just disagree, but hey it's easier to belive anyone that disagrees just doesnt know better
I like the current system because it keeps the cheap one shot kill to an actual managable level and allows for counterplay. D1 really didnt have counterplay unless one side severly messed up. Shotguns and snipers had the effect of being reductive and restricting map flow. You just didnt go into a lane or tight hallway without a special suited for it. Specials were your actual primary weapon that you built around and the primary was your backup. I find one shot kill mechanics shallow. Having it be the prodominant form of killing in D1 sucked. D2's system gives you room to fight back. It rewards tactical decision more then just seeing the other guy first. It opens up the lanes as snipers are not a constant threat. I find primary fights far more interesting and fun. Primary guns also have way more variety in perks and options to play with then shotgun and snipers that have obvious choices due to special playstyle being how to get you one shot kill the easiest. I like how D2's system encourages you to be aware of your team. Even if you are solo you can use your team, predict them like you would an enemy and use that to formulate your strategy for how to topple and fold the other teams. It feels like actual teamwork in D2 where as in D1 most the time I felt pretty independent, like every game was rumble with a few non hostiles thrown in. I think one shot and cheap kills should be restricted. I cant take D1s system seriously. D1 is about as competitive and skillful as D2 mayham.
So when you say PvP you really just mean Trials... ok dude. Trials is not a barometer for the entire PvP population.
Basically i think you will have to run a D1 loadout or be gimped. 2 primaries just wont do against a shotgun or sniper. Its kinda stupid that they act like its a real choice
I would seriously be interested to know how using a D2 style loadout will have any balance vs using a D1 style loadout. Right now it doesn't really seem like "If you like D2, play like D2" but more like "If you like D2 amd don't mind being at a severe disadvantage, then play like D2"
For people that like D2's weapon system, will playing with a D2 loadout of 2 primaries and a heavy be a disadvantage? Because right now it really seems like it will.
I can imagine that special ammo is going to be scarcer then heavy currently is. Hope they respond to how this balances out.
This isnt about a loadout but an entire style of loadouts. My real worry isnt that 2 primaries wont be optimal but that they will be a handicap, the sort of barely viable stuff. That ultimately this is pretty much a reversion to D1 because to be competitive you have to run that sort of a loadout. Thats my fear at least and I havent seen much to indicate otherwise.
It doesnt seem like 2 primaries will just be sub-optimal but sub-competitive and maybe even less then viable. I havent seen much to indicate otherwise. In PvE I worry about having my 2 primaries draw from one kind of ammo, seeing as I already have ammo shortages when Im still drawing from two. Unless there is some hidden mechanic where running two primaries gives you twice as much primary ammo then callus is going to turn into a hell hole.
My big worry is that while you can do all of that, only the D1 style loadouts will really make sense and the rest will be severly underpowered or have massive issues.
That sucks, so if you continue to rock 2 primaries you will go through ammo twice as fast as we currently do, that really sucks.
The point is they make the playstyle that some people really enjoy now into a non-viable build but act like it is. And once again this isnt about a particular combination or type. Its about if running any 2 primaries is always unviable compared to a primary/special/heavy. At the point to where a load out is not useable without a severe handicap then it fails to be a real choice. They said "You like D2, then you can play like D2" but I guess they mean it in the same was as "If you want to melee every enemy in the game and never use a gun, you can play like that"
I hope there are shotguns, snipers and fusions that can go into the power slot but use special ammo. That way in PvP I can still have 2 primaries but not be at a disadvantage for not having a one shot kill option at all times. I think there is something like this because I seem to remember a dev talking about how some loadouts would mean not being able to take advantage of heavy ammo, I think he may have been talking about the 3 shotgun thing.
Bungie is refering to them as just "your 2 quick slots"
Special weapons have to have ammo drop enough to not make it super annoying but rare enough that running a second primary has a significant advantage in ammo economy.
D1 Telesto or maybe my Imago Loop that had slightly better perks then FateBringer for PvE or maybe Waterstar. D2 is probably Midnight Coupe, Crimson or Perfect Paradox Overall I like my D2 guns more. I think MC is a better raid HC then FB, especially aesthetically but also in terms of gun feel. FB was nice but really depended on nightfall burn bonuses and moat other HC not having elements to make it feel strong. MC is just always good, PvP or PvE and it rewards skill, unlike a lot of other guns that just make up for a lack of skill (coughBetterDevilsCough)
Well it kinda looks just like a slightly flatter then normal distribution curve.
Pretty sure that isnt just a knight, I thought that was supposed to be the warpriest, at least what he is outside of the throne room.
No, that's not at all what happened. First of all we gathered essence of Crota while Oryx paused to have a funeral for Crota. Then we immedatly attacked him. The Hive must follow the rules they set up, sword logic grants them power by abiding their rules. We beat his phisical form. He must retreat into his throne room. We weaken Oryx and force him into a corner where he can not turn down a confrontation. He needs our light. One of the grimiour cards talks about this. By killing Crota his excesses became more then his intake, he was slowly being sucked dry and ate by his worm. Then we break his phisical from, challenge his court and destroy his conduits for power. The raid is the covenant he has with his Hive. They are allowed to challenge him and face his court. We are accedent hive so we can do the same. Thats why it says we pass trials. So even if Oryx didnt want to fight us he had to. Not only was he obligated to as a covenant with his hive, but he was starving for light to consume.
Eyeroll
So basically they are pulling a Hunt For Red October thing with language
He might know about the knight through the World Grave files.
They have rose tinted glasses. The reality was that only a handful had gameplay impacting choice and of that handful it was rare that there wasnt an obvious choice.
Sloppy play should always be punishing in end game content.
Lol, any D2 raid is harder then Crota, especially after AoT.
We want challenge! Ah the mods are too hard! They are no fun! Let us have burn again like in D1 where we instantly vaporized enemies because we correctly matched the colors. I think the DTG subreddit suggestions all boil down to: make the game super easy and casual if I have played a thousand hours but still make me think I am super skilled.
Hope people really like the changes, but they wont, Destiny "fans" are never happy. Definantly sad on my end to see the current sandbox go. Already drifted away from PvP because I dont want to bother learning that skill anymore. Sure the new PvP looks fun but I don't think I can take one shot kill metas seriously. Basically in my mind the old D1 crucible was about as skillful as mayham, doesnt look like the new one is any diffrent. Fun but shallow.
Instakills are literally what happened all the time in D1 nightfalls with elemental burns. You had to run specific, elemental alligned passive builds.
Not the kinda skill i respect enough to learn. There is a skill in gambling, doesn't mean I like gambling as a game or want to learn it. Never saw a thing in D1 that I was like "Oh, I gotta learn that!" There were cool clips. A lot of it where the perfect situations. Now I see Cammy Cakes play D2 and boy the way he pushes his skill and uses it. That's the sort of skill that would be fun to learn and use. In many ways I feel like the situation with weapon slots is a lot like random rolls. People are willing to sit through a lot of crap to make the goood parts seem better. With random rolls it's most roles are almost garenteed to be trash for the hope that every once in a while you get a usable one or maybe something good. With PvP people seem willing to put up with getting cheaply killed off on the off chance that they could maybe pull off a string of kills. I got no time for either. Cheap shit bothers me either way and I'm not going to wade through crap for moments of glory.
I didnt see the sarcasam stuff. Lol. Boy, Poes law really gets me sometimes.
But people want there to be bad perks. If perjs were balanced the reddit would complain just as much. The point of random rolls for most is to not get better gun but to make most guns shitty so that the good ones feel better and player that have spent more time (or just have good luck) have a mechanical advantage over other who did not have as much time to sink into grinds. RR is about having people with less time be worse off to make those who invest the most time feel better. It's ugly but its the truth.
They want time investment to be able to make up for lack of skill.
I am dumbfounded as to why people pushed for a pure randomized system over something new like a deep mod system. I dont get why we need to bury the best weapons behind pure RNG luck. You turn the reward system into a shallow slot machine. You could win with your first pull or never.
Doctorin of Passing shows this perfectly. One roll was god tier and any other was trash. Shotguns are another case of god rolls giving significant advantages. There was really only one version of Fellwinters that ruined the crucible for a while, all other rolls where just decent.
They didnt work for me. 99.99% of the time the vendor guns were far better. Never found a better HC then vendor Palindrom and never found a scout better then vendor Hung Jury. Random rolls sucked for me.
I dont even know where to begin as to how this is wrong. There is a reason Bungie started having vendors sell and give away god roll weapons in Y3.
Because they dont just want good weapons for themselves but they want others to have a much harder time getting anything decent so they can be more powerful then other players. Make others poorer so your wealth feels better. And god rolls are no where near 1% chance. Way lower then that. It's absurd.
Like there was ever a perk you would pick over rifled barrel for Hand Cannons.
Haha, if random rolls are anything like they were in D1 its going to take a very long time before you get anything better then MC so this is a really important topic.
Downvote for truth. Current weapon loadouts wont stand a chance. If you like D2 then play like D2... if you want to be at a massive disadvantage.
This is what we get for people crying about SBMM.
Did EP this morning with a moderatly orginized group of 6. Just made sure we ran with a Booper, melting point, and some void stuff. Beat the last boss with a minute and a half left
I kinda hate random rolls. So im just glad we will still have top tier fixed rolls like MC. Plus MC is one of the sexiest HC in the game, Ikeleos is also a monster with it's in air accuracy.
Yeah but any one that cant insta heal itself is still super managable.
I think that final mission should be retooled as a strike. It was really good.
Thanks for the hot take on random rolls. My solution? Well glad no one asked. Have the first drop of any weapon be set-perks just like gun drops we have now. Make this roll really good but specialized. Then every roll after could be completely random. Anyway, i think for the vast majority of players, if rolls are like in D1 then most will never see a drop that is better then the vendor or raid weapons. Like I dont expect to see any of these random rolls beat out my Midnight Coupe. I never saw a Palidrom or Hung Jury drop that was better then the vendor ones, I never had a shotgun drop better then quest reward Matidor. Im not saying nerf vendor stock, dear god no. Just that for most people we will not see decent rolls any time soon. If you want a gun with a good roll the odds are just stupid. You have to get the kind of gun you want, currently thats like 9 diffrent kinds of guns that can go into a slot. Ok so 1 in 9 that it's even the kind of weapon you wanted. Then if you needed it to be energy or kenetic thats another 50/50 toss up. Then you have possibly 3 diffrent perks that have to line up? That's 5 layers of RNG to get by to get a weapon you want. I have 0 interest in that. I dont even want to engage with that system. I will just upgrade my old crap and go for anything fix rolls. I dont like slot machines enough to grind random rolls like I did for the DFA
I hope the kenetic and energy snipers dont have short zoom and they need long aim down sights time. I think shotguns need to be point blank except for slug types. Also maybe give them the slower aim down sights and wider in air spread of TTK patches.
I have never gotten so many kill while hipfiring and Im on Ps4.
What would you think of non-power weapon snipers just having higher zoom to make them harder to abuse at medium range? I think this might be a subtle way that doesnt impact PvE but makes PvP require more skill to pull off plays.
No but shotgunners push the opposing team to camp rather then face sniper lanes or shotgunners around a corner. Passive play is more rewarded with shotguns and sniper then discouraged. A shotgun waiting around a corner is far more deadly then one rushing a flank.
The death of counterplay...
It should be the opposite. Short gaze scope are already the best choice. If they had longer radar delays that would be a nice trade off.
I think radar delay should be tied to a stat like handling. That way it offers another choice for the stat perk of the masterwork and more personality to the gun Especially since in Forsaken we will loose perks as part of gun identity. Having base stats do more would help make up for the loss and make stat diffrences matter more between gun instead of one guns stats being the obvious choice.
... for you. It's only fun if you play enough for that randomization to have generated you good options. I'll stick to fixed rolls for my hunts. Not going to go out of my way to engage with the slot machine if I dont have to, would rather chase rewards that are deterministic.
Heroic quests on mercury almost always drop CoO shader from the chest I belive. If you're doing random crap for working a catalyst you may as well go collect the best shaders in the game.
Why would he want to be convinced to not appriciate something? Byfe is just bitter and let his channel devolve from fun content to non stop critiques. I got tired of ot and unsubbed from that channel a long time ago.
Im not the best at guiding people but I do love to play support for new people. Havent gotten a chance to run the full thing myself, we got up to the 1st phase of the last boss then I had to go to sleep. But i try to soak up every bit I can. I ask guides about jobs I dont even have. Like in the first encounter I ran add control but I asked a ton of questions about how the other jobs worked any why each thing was happening. In my experence its best to learn all the jobs. You dont want to get to Dogs and realize no one knows how to run crystal or that you can't guide the runners.
Rerolling weapons where only found in HoW and it lead to the weapon part shortages, then once you could buy weapon parts with glimmer then people were broke on glimmer. Basically whatever the resource bottle neck became people complained about and at the end of the day was randomly getting resource drops to reroll a weapon much diffrent then getting engrams? It was just engrams with extra steps and not particularly satisfying one for most people. Strike specific gear could also be a pain when there were more then 1 option from a chest. I remember people wanting to farm Imago loop always pissed off when you went 2 or 3 keys only getting the titan mark. I think we should at least be able to combine guns of the same name. Like if you have one version of the gun that has the perk you like in column 1 and you have another version of that gun you like with the perk you want in column 3, you can spend resources to combine them into one gun that uses gun 1's column 1 and gun 2's column 3.
Waste of power ammo. Its gets you maybe 2 kills if they dont think to jump. Just about every other power ammo in a decent players hand is better.
You're going to hate September... and so will I.
Looks more like the Alva set. Going to have to find a good red and metal shader to pull it off.
Yeah i belive what they say when they actually show how D2 style loadout can actually be viable. I would rather trade in my heavy slot for a special weapon then my second primary. Hopefully there will be shotguns in the heavy slot that use special ammo, otherwise D2 style load outs will be boned in the crucible.
By restocked you mean shuffled around the inventory. At least with armor between Vanguard, Crucible, factions and even Iron Banner most the armor stayed the same with slight alterations to the skin, they just got shuffled around. Weapons were largely the same as well with color being the biggest change. Taken King did bring in foundry weapons which helped a lot but most weapons and armor in D1 where heavily recycled.
Some people couldnt do well unless there was mass chaos. I am not too happy about all the reversions to D1 myself. But you can either play the game you got or become the kind of trash most of this sub is that whine day and night like children to try and get the changes they want.
It's almost as if it was an.... objective!
Yeah, I like that. Then guns could have an identity. You can actually review a weapon and talk about how good the collection version is. If a tournament wants it to be balanced they can restrict guns to collection versions. I kinda hate that gun identity will go away with random rolls so this would be cool.
Wow, i feel lucky for getting mine. I do maybe one raid a week. Sometimes laviathin, sometimes just EoW.
But can he limbo!
Can people seriously lay off using autism as a stand in for dumb/bad? Autism is an uneveness in educational development, which usually means that you are a little behind in some areas but also a little ahead of others. For instance i have trouble with spelling and my memory is terrible but I can also pick up just about any non musical art and learn it overnight. The main issue that those of us with Autism have is an inability read or understand social norms. I have autism and work with children that have autism/downs syndrome and the way the non Nurotypical are treated and talked about is ignorent and awful
Really? What mechanism was supposed to stop companies selling superpowers? Or what mechanisim would have kept workers from feeling discontented if Andrew didnt feel like he should pay them fairly? What mechanisims would have possible added an incentive to not be morally bankrupt? Pro Tip: The invisible hand is invisible because it doesn't exist.
I was almost burnt out. Each week I was only really interested in running the new raid or forge for the cool weapons. I finally broke down and decided to level up an alt. I tried with my warlock before but it was a slog and I am stuck at around 540 on that one. But this time we have the progression changes and my top weapons are 650 instead of 600. In a week and light play each day I got up to 500 long before I hit lvl 50 (apparent some gear you can buy off vendors is 500 LL with no requirements for levels.) And then once I hit lvl 50 this morning I was able to level like crazy. Just poured all the tokens I had been saving up and since I had all 650 weapons and a 620 exotic I bought with my 650 alt each gear drop shot my LL up dramatically. With just a few powerful drops I went from 515 to 625 in one 2 hour morning session. Sifting through all the gear and think out neat stuff was fun. And having the possibility to run the raid more then once a week seems amazing. Also, just getting to play Titan again just feels so good. Code of the missle makes me smile every single time I use the super or melee (even if getting it to work can be frustrating.) The game is so much fun to play, especially in raid and weapons with fun perk combos has me constantly thinking. This game is just awesome and more people should try to get their alts up now that it is super easy.
I would rather have that synergy then just the tiny draw time increase.
I like that people bring up Warframe, when that game is the example of why not to keep all of your old content bloating up your game. Like that game is seriously bloated with half finished ideas and jarring changes in development direction. Anyone who has ever tried to catch up in Warframe knows the pain of trying to get people to help with an old activity no one cares for. Large sections of the game are ghost towns. In D2 I can always find someone to do just about anything activity. With the exception of prestige raids which just take longer (Thank good those catalysts still drive people to them) I like the seasonal thing. New stuff comes in, old stuff goes out and every once in a while when there is nothing new bring the old stuff back with a new coat of paint like in D1 when old raids came back
The patched leveling system is much much faster. I got on my pre-forsaken character and in 5 days of playing a few hours a day got through the forsaken campaign, which left me at 515 LL and then I got up to 600 in the same day. It's super generious.
It can be. I used it over my Rampage/Outlaw Bygons for the raid. When enemies are in specific places and you can have a plan it works really really well.
Doomsday kinda seems like he's saying "HEY! I'm walking here!" Or if you prefer Arrested Development "No touching!"
Ultimates 3 for the Ultimates and Ultimatum for the rest of the line. Loeb became a hack writer and should never be allowed to touch a keyboard again. Thanks for killing all my favorite characters off pannel for no reason in a universe where most people don't get ressurection stories.
Yeah, I'm in the same way. Pretty sure if I could merge saves I would get the Wafarer title instantly Also want my solstice of hero's ship back.
I don't agree. I like a lot of the vanilla stuff better. I kinda detest random rolls and prolonged grinding. I would rather play a game for hours because it is fun and not because of a carrot I am chasing.
Well at a staff meeting we annonomusly wrote down facts about ourselves that were read to the staff. When "I am autistic" came up I saw most the staff suddenly start looking around the room and looking suprised. A little triggering because even the "I am a former alcoholic" didn't get as big of a reaction. And I also get this reaction from the people I confided in of "Are you sure?" Though I have had a few teachers I was close to admit they did suspect. And yeah, there are a lot of teacher I work with that set off alarm bells to me, but I'm never sure if they know. I didn't get diagnosed until I was in my mid 20's
You would be surprised how easy you can develope a mask or persona to handle being emotional reassuring to the kids. Often it's just showing them a level of respect and listening with softer eyes and restating what they have already said to show you are listening.
