The cast alone for that show is worth subbing to just watch.
S2 just had too many characters to keep up with. The whole subplot of the biker cop could have been taken out and it would have still worked and probably much better.
The people defending Epic in here are ridiculous.
Seeing people post they were kids when he signed and I was already out of the military and off on my own. Ooof.
I read it was something different. He was on this pedestal the Nats put him on and Paps had enough.
I really wanna believe that was ad libbed and everyone rolled with it.
Good job man! I’m on year 22 of my Reds save. We had 2 separate back to back championships with 7 total won with me, 16 years of making the playoffs and never won 100 games.
I’m a Yankees fan. Have been for almost 30 years. But I can’t bring myself to play them in OOTP. And I never use AL teams. Speaking of pitchers hitting, here’s my 2 way 4x MVP. https://i.imgur.com/WKTM1ws.jpg https://i.imgur.com/u91Aatp.jpg Plays RF everyday he doesn’t pitch. He’s a monster but I think he’s gonna retire soon.
https://i.imgur.com/FT4zl1J.jpg I agree.
The addition of Negro Leagues make it worth it.
Yeah you can turn them off. I don’t play with them on. My first Challenge Mode team was Miami and I won’t play them or turn owner goals on again.
Just one more job!
Been playing online at all? I’ve been staying away but I really wish they’d add a passive server or a lawless city like Deadwood so anything goes.
Belf Pallies also had Seal of Blood in TBC. Bonus damage for a small cost of health.
Believe that.
Wasn’t there a comment that his hair had muscles? “He has muscles in his hair.” - Lefty Gomez
Great song. Gonna listen to that now. The harmonica totally sells it for me.
You can see the parsley on the busted yolk so he had to have stuffed this in that glass.
That’s cold blooded. They’re the only one bringing cups home.
Fuck yeah. I use them too.
Oh shit you got Seth Beer too? He was my 1b for a long time. https://i.imgur.com/IAf6Fsc.jpg He’s retired now but this was close to him breaking out to a MVP.
I don’t know how they could keep track when no one can see the guy..
Not since they were a relevant program.
Updated TP would be great.
I totally traded for him too.
Espinoza has 10 first place votes too.
Complete game shut out with less than 100 pitches thrown. You did it with 77. That’s crazy!
They already said at Blizzcon they’re going to bring all their IPs to mobile.
Looks like DJ Squalls.
GET THE FUCK OUTTA MY FUCKING CAB MAN!
They’ve been shit on and the laughing stock of the NFL since they came back to Cleveland. It’s about time they got their shit together.
False. I live here.
Not all. It’s not retired so let him use it. It might bring him some luck. It is a magical number. But to be pissed over a number is dumb and if you can’t let that go, then idk what to tell them.
I’m sure there’s a file on the OOTP forums.
Will Smith will cameo.
The Cursed Child says that too.
Do you honestly have to ask?
Excitebike was one of my favorites when I was a kid. We’d make fucked up tracks and see who could do the fastest time.
Yellow Daredevil is the best Daredevil.
You don’t get current rosters. Just opening day rosters from this past season. However in the OOTP forums, there are some good fellas that manually update save files for people to use to upload in their own games.
Uh so can someone make me a gif of that cat face he makes? Please and thank you.
The Mariners are on the hook for the 30% they retain until the contract is out.
I live down South. It’s weird to see rednecks rap along to FGL (I don’t know any song of theirs except one where he does a spoken word type rap) but despise hip hop. It baffles the fuck out of me.
Fucking Airbud? I’m there Opening Day.
You just can’t see it because of the packaging.
I guess he’s a little “ruff” around the edges.
It’s pretty close I’d say. Ottawa is in a fucked up situation with Melnyk.
I never played RDR1 and I would get that dlc day 1.
It’s almost like all religions are the same!
I’ve never seen that. That’s really cool!
Is your active roster full? You might have to manually send someone down to the minors, like a bench guy, to put him on your active roster.
It’s fucking great considering it’s a Buzzfeed show
That naked dude? I ran into him and got attacked by wolves so I lost his trail.
Aww man that’s fucked up. I live here.
Play with the editor and build a ridiculous OP team for a few years. Then gradually tone it down. It took me about a solid year to fully get into it and Challenge Mode I just started this year and won’t start another save without it. You basically get as much or as little out of it as you put in.
$10 a month that I already pay to watch the Yankees in an out of market area? Yup.
OR they?
Why would you care what he does in his game or with his money? It’s not like he can’t start a new game.
I signed him on the tail end of his career in my Reds save. He played RF and pitched relief when needed. Stayed with us for 5 years or so then retired at 41. Not even close for the HoF though.
So UCF isn’t a real team because they don’t play in the Power 5? That’s a ridiculous statement.
But it’s really not. They share a name and a couple themes at most. The movies are so far removed from the comics at this point.
Weird. I didn’t think fake teams would be ranked top 10. Nor should they beat an SEC team in SEC country for a bowl win. But what do I know.
They beat 24th ranked Cincy. Not that they are a powerhouse school, but ranked teams are ranked teams.
I heard some guys phone conversation to Uber the other morning working out where and when to pick him up after he got ready to go. I don’t think he ever got ready in time.
If they helped with the kill, then yes. Why tf does it matter if someone that logs for raids gets a special title that someone else that plays religiously gets? If both players were present for the kill, they both should get it regardless of time invested ingame.
Delicious.
Donald Sutherland in Ordinary People.
Aww man I didn’t even see this and I posted the same thing!
So my wife will hate it. Perfect, thanks!
Criterion Channel has about 10-15 of them.
Great BBQ but they drown ribs in sauce.
I’m more of a Memphis dry rub rib guy being from Nashville. I just like good BBQ regardless of how it’s dressed.
Borderline blasphemy using gas for BBQs man.
She was so hot in that movie.
You got em, Tiger.
That doesn’t mean he eating with the photographer. He’s clearly in conversation with whoever is on the other side.
So an Orc walls into a bar with a parrot on his shoulder. The barkeep says “Hey, where’d you get that?”, and the parrot says “Durotar, they’re all over the place!”.
Its not called an 1886 for nothing.
Cambodia and Indonesia has stepped pyramids. Pyramids of the Sun and Moon in Mexico. Imhotep had the Pytamid of Djoser. A lot of cultures had stepped pyramids and for you to blow them off nonchalantly is in bad taste.
Probably has his mom on speed dial then.
[Hard to Google it..](https://www.pcgamer.com/rumor-diablo-4-takes-after-diablo-2-but-a-cancelled-version-looked-like-dark-souls/)
I participated in the first Tech Alpha. Didn’t play long but it got old quick.
I always referred to his bands as whatever Mike Patton feels like doing that day.
This isn’t it, chief.
Oh so now it’s post season stats?
As another franchise that lives in the past sometimes, I fucking love it.
Dark Phoenix started filming in summer 2017. The Disney Fox deal didn’t start serious talks until late 2018. How would they influence a movie that was in the middle of shooting when production was already wrapped up?
Your date is wrong. Hiroshima got bombed on the 7th. Russia invaded on the 8th. Nagasaki got bombed on the 9th. Japan formally surrendered on the 10th. There’s no way to know what exactly caused them to surrender, whether it be Russia declaring war, Nagasaki or a combination of everything considering it all happened in rapid succession.
All of them.
Been a fan of the genre since Diablo 2. PoE isn’t for me. And I’m cool with that.
[You’re sleeping on King Caesar.](https://wikizilla.org/wiki/King_Caesar)
Well we already have Rhomann Dey, who in the comics crashed on Earth and gave his helmet to Rich Rider. I could see them having this happening in the background of the Thanos fight in Endgame. Then him learning through the Worldmind about the Nova Corp.
[When I saw that swing.](https://youtu.be/xZzEzDkeHzI)
Goddamn right.
Or it was an autocorrect. No need to be a dick.
Somewhere Lucky Star is playing.
The owls are not what they seem.
Yellow DD is the best DD.
No they aren’t. They’re loosely connected at best. They refer to the Battle of New York as “the incident” and never once call anyone by name. And if they are, why didn’t the movies ever acknowledge them?
That’s what I’m saying. They could have put them in and given everyone the closure and said “Yes they are connected”, but they didn’t.
Thanks. Autocorrect got me it seems. ¯\\\_(ツ)\_/¯
It is, thank you. I knew Ike and Feige don’t get along but I couldn’t find anything on google to back up my hunt here so I let it be.
SVP is the only reason to watch. Even more so if he has Timmy K on.
Might as well add some pickles to make it 1000 Island at that point.
I’m not talking about gear or mounts or anything like that. I’m talking about a major selling point for this expansion that wasn’t even available at launch then you had to jump through hoops to unlock them 6 months later. Point being they’ve had races available previously by just getting the newest expansion. Timegating them did nothing for us except delay a race people were interested in.
The only rep in BC I have yet to finish.
Trailers giving away whole movies isn’t new and has been happening for decades. Don’t act like this is something new.
A Texas Cheerleading mom trying to kill another Texas cheerleading mom.
It’s a split sequel to both the book and movie from what I’ve read today.
You doing ok now though?
World Quests have been around since BC. They were known as Dailies. It’s nothing new.
Kyrie is going to Brooklyn.
Ruby Sparks?
It’s been a rule.
Jfc it’s not Disney. They (the devs) want a T rating for the game.
Constantine?
Captain Britain maybe?
Once Bitten?
It honestly felt like the Melo trade all over again before the Lakers threw the farm at NOLA. It would have been great to have AD, but not for that price.
I thought I read yesterday you guys don’t have any bench depth now and that max you can offer should be used for role pieces. Do you think Kemba would go on less than a max? He’s offered Charlotte a discount but I doubt that’ll be offered to LA. And AD is better than Melo any day of the week ending in Y, but it’s eerily similar to what the Knicks did. I just don’t think the Lakers are close to competing even with LBJ (who looked like he’s lost a step this season) and AD as they think they are.
Don’t forget us step parents!
Imagine being so insecure you have to tell a puppet you’ll shove a towel down his fucking throat.
I knew what this was before opening it.
I think you got it.
The Lives of Others?
Super cereal.
Well that’s a Dirty Sanchez if I ever saw one.
Well, on the bright side, they aren’t killing you without half the team coming to help.
It should be a one time code for your game that unlocks dismemberment, if you want it.
The Salvation?
Rocket Man?
I thought they’ve had one already this year.
https://i.imgur.com/drJ8D5V.gif
This is a top notch clue.
You gotta wait an hour before answering guesses my man.
If they go under, they’re not going to shutter every store they have overnight. They’re going to consolidate stores first by closing the under performing stores first like Sears and KMart did. Then they will reassess the money and hope the shareholders are happy.
Mining and lockpocking made my epic mount gold.
Well the Canadiens and Lightning do have one other thing in common. Both teams didn’t show up for the playoffs.
Yankees. Penguins. Steelers. Knicks. All since the early 90s. You can see which one didn’t age as well as the others. Downvoted for my favorite teams eh? That’s a new low.
Well I’m from Tennessee and we didn’t have much to pick from when I was a kid.
Chocolate croissants are fantastic.
Dog Day Afternoon?
Do it somewhere else.
be nice. tag all posts with [GTM] (and [NSFW] if appropriate). wait at least an hour after you make a post before correcting/confirming guesses. This way more people have a chance to participate. If you cannot start correcting posts after an hour, please hold your image and post it when you can. Respond only to guesses on images that YOU yourself have posted! Do not correct another OP's posts under any circumstances. No novelty/repetetive guesses. remember to respond to all guesses so users may try to guess again. report correct guesses to our scoring system (see below). upvote posts you like to show your appreciation! Weird. I count 7. 8 with the no novelty guesses.
Read the sidebar. Case closed.
The Brothers McMullen?
Saw the not Irish. Three Brothers?
Rednex is from Sweden. He had to represent.
Just cap Solar Farm for electronics..
It normally goes on sale during the All Star Break.
Fucking Skinny Shaq 😂😂😂
Yeah that Rangers rebuild got done pretty quickly too.
Misery?
Harley Davidson and the Marlboro Man?
Cyborg?
Make sure you flag it for the bot to score.
https://i.imgur.com/LXeRNTO.gif
Over the Top?
Cannibal Holocaust?
I’m sure it is. Maybe some Velcro to hold it in place with pitch signals inside.
https://i.imgur.com/89Pw37g.jpg
The big cock in her drink.
I..I..I want the ball. Pleaseeee.
Gotta wait an hour before answering guesses.
Django Unchained?
No prob. They’re on the sidebar and stickied above I think.
It happens in the book too but with a Roque mallet instead of the axe.
I dunno. Have you been to the Boro?
Ghost Dog: Way of the Samurai?
Pretty unfair to compare the 8th movie of a franchise to the first live action movie of a franchise.
First impressions go a long way and this didn’t have good one.
Loot and sell everything that’s not attached to you. Set up alts for Enchanting and de anything and everything. Most guilds raid on reset so sell on Tuesday/Wednesday to maximize profits. You don’t even have to go hard on farming. Just post it all and if it doesn’t move, repost it. I came back to play for a month and made close to 75-85k gold doing just the bare minimum above.
The vendor is on the wall in Org since she’s a refugee.
Make sure you play the Tiny Tina DLC. Completely worth it.
Thanks I completely forgot that did that.
Don’t look ahead about it. Trust me. It’s fantastic.
Well those parts of her are fake anyways.
Oh. Well that’s something alright.
Didn’t Ripley hit the Queen with the Power Loader when it fell in Aliens? I’d figure the exoskeleton is durable.
It took him 6 years to get elected while having comparable numbers to pitchers already elected. He won at least 11 games for 17 straight years, in the AL East mind you, setting the AL record. 270 wins, 2800 strike outs, and 83 WAR. 5x All Star and 7x Gold Glove at pitcher. He pitched in the steroid era and still put up those numbers. He’s under appreciated and is/was one of the most consistent pitchers of the 90s/00s.
Well Bodhi wasn’t coming back. Where was he gonna go? There’s cliffs on both sides.
He’s a moron, don’t mind him.
Dude has found a legit way to karmawhore LOL.
&gt; Plus some reviews have said some clue aren't available unless an NPC tell you clues which is kinda dumb But isn’t that what being a detective entails? Detecting and investigation?
And he was Dillingers son. That could have been a great end to a trilogy.
If you have them, park a Monk,Rogue and a DH to get them since they all use fist weapons. 15 chances to get it in an hour.
God that movie was awful.
https://reddit.com/r/baseball/comments/c5qho7/dj_lemahieu_11_game_hitting_streak_4575108481358/es3hmop I guess you missed this comment earlier.
Probably what he’s doing right now instead of packing for London.
A red?
Stevie Y coming home helps and that Larkin kid is pretty good. Feels like since you guys went to the East, it’s fallen apart.
Vel, I think that’s his name, on the right has a taunt. But it’s pretty poor.
I thought that was him on YSIV for the longest. Haven’t followed Logic until recently so I was confused af.
Should have been the day he signed with the Jets.
He lost today.
Freddie lookin like Nigel Thornberry our there.
Reflexes.
Same season but I watched them beat Indianapolis 20-16 after the Hail Mary got knocked down. For some reason I knew then they were my team to follow. Then Neil O’Donnell broke my heart 2 weeks later.
Kelvin Benjamin just walked through the clubhouse with a huge smile on his face and breakfast in his hand. Appeared to be feeling okay. Not in starting lineup but his dietician said he will go through a full pregame workout after Kelvin goes to lunch. #hungry.
He’s just consoling them on their loss.
Pedalite my man!
Maybe I missed something somewhere, but why does Big Nate have the same eye color as N’Zoth?
Bad bot
Ok so I googled it. Seems depending on who raises the dead gains their eye color. Syl has red eyes so Nate does too.
Looks like Tom Ford dressed him.
Excuse me but it’s Maureen Ponderosa.
Well steroids only make you big, not tall.
Twilight Zone the movie?
It’s the scene discussing Carlton Fisk willing that HR to stay fair right?
Great scene.
Session 9?
I mean, have you ever been to a cook out? No one is making fries out there.
Maybe he’s a fast cook.
Why not Fred Savage as the villain?
I’ll have Chromie send me back to Undercity.
I’ve never played them but looking forward to it!
You should look into the game more since you can play with the old system.
Man I was reading some FFVII remake thread last night and some guy said “tagged and blocked” to ANYONE that told him his tale was wrong. Too many hurt feelings lately.
He’s saying if player A was a better defender you can move the worse defender, player B, to DH instead of having 2 bad defenders you can’t swap out. Now you’re stuck with a bad 1B or a worse 1B.
He never said one should have gotten better. He said if Ortiz was a better defender, he would have been an everyday 1B/ playing a better position with Ramirez playing DH instead of swapping the 2 every few games.
Lol you literally said the same thing I did but changed their names. Who cares where who plays. If one were a better defender, they’d play 1B full time and the other would DH. That’s the whole point. It’s not hard to grasp.
Can you post something legitimate about lost subs? I haven’t seen anything and you guys are spouting it like it’s gospel.
Jesus Christ that’s fucking spot on.
Because not all VA make good actors. She could also be using something to disguise her voice to remain anonymous.
Dang. The 2017 Astros were already in that game?
That’s so good. Great film.
Not very nice if he helped it then hurt it again.
I never said it was good or not. Just that you had the option.
Amy good gorilla.
Some of us are born blessed.
[The Staten Island Yankees use him already.](https://www.milb.com/milb/news/staten-island-yankees-president-will-smith-discusses-pizza-rats-name/c-281094770)
Faramir is far from second place. Dude becomes Stewart of Gondor and marries the babe Eowyn.
Pop tarts I imagine.
Only because he thought Faramir was inferior to Boromir. Faramir also defended the last human city from the Orcs before they got to Minas Tirith. He also rejected the temptation of the One Ring, which Boromir did not and eventually led to his death.
Cthulhu bows to no one.
Of a new decade..
Or it’s a quirk that should have ended decades ago because there’s HoFers that deserved unanimous before Mo.
Logan you mean?
It was Kerosene.
The Cruise Mummy wasn’t a remake of the Fraiser Mummy.
He is a franchise great. He’s not Mr. November for nothing. You should rethink that username.
It was pretty meh to the point I don’t remember what happened.
Just less tongue.
Doctor Strange isn’t out there?
The decade just started so..
*Ziggy Palffy* That’s a name I wasn’t expecting to hear today.
You do know signing free agents is legal, right? Any team can sign players if they meet the money being asked.
No, they were all true.
Heaven forbid you have to actually turn your lights on and off like back in the caveman days.
He’s not comparing the 2. He’s saying that soccer injury was one of the worst he’s seen.
Madvillainy and Mm..food came out the same year. 2 classics 8 months apart.
Ahh a good ol blanket party.
Every outfit for awards shows are donated. They don’t spend a dime.
Something something Michael Pineda pine tar or something I’m sure.
Looks like him. The small blondie looks like The Ancient One.
He’s so far down the list for the throne now too.
Then why are you here?
TBone steaks obviously have a bone. Some ribeyes do too.
Are you from the future?
At least they’re making the post season.
Well we only have those 2 guys playing CF so..
That was the space trucker episode right?
Have you heard the story of building a Log Cabin in the woods? It’s not a story any other franchise would tell you.
Doesn’t look like a candy bar to me.
I'm not gay, but I want to live in a log cabin in the woods with Greg Bird. We won't ever have sex, but there will be a simmering erotic undercurrent as I stand in the kitchen window watching him cranking dongers, shirtless, sweat pouring off his body. I'll run upstairs and masturbate, the entire time forcing myself to think of women while my thoughts drift back to Birdy. I won't be able to climax and I'll eventually go back downstairs, angry. Sometimes we will look across the table and catch each other's eyes, and in that second, anything is possible, but we both deny ourselves and go back to what we were doing. One day one of us will die, and the other will bury him outside the log cabin. Then he'll go inside, pen a brief missive to his departed friend, and commit suicide, never able to deal with life without his one true platonic love. Substitute Greg Bird for whichever Yankee is hot at the moment.
I really hope it’s not Harry Potter.
https://i.imgur.com/4HRe0e8.jpg When the headband gets talked bad about.
Both seasons which those teams are accused of cheating in.
Barely at all and it doesn’t sound like the bangs from 2017.
Probably not MCU unless they decide to merge universes.
I mean, yeah. That’s his thing.
That black chick sniper? I think so too.
Kingpin is criminally underrated.
The Fist Foot Way?
The Replacements is one. Goon. White Men Can’t Jump.
Who’s going? I need one.
LoMo wishes he banged.
It wasn’t the Knicks ffs. It was the sponsor f the halftime game.
Well it’s a long fucking movie. I’ll watch it again eventually, but I think once is enough.
Like someone mentioned in a thread last night, I’m sure MLB gave players immunity to speak and give evidence. That’s the only thing I can think of, besides the PA fighting suspensions, as to why there is no player penalties. Sucks sure, but the torment they’re gonna see this season will be heavy.
I mean I get it but I wouldn’t rat on anyone unless I know my name was kept out of the findings if I were an Astro player. Also I’m pretty sure the players knew more of the inter workings of the system than Twitter users would know. It makes sense to talk when you can keep anonymous after the punishment happens.
I’m no fan of the Ezra Flash but that’s an awesome scene.
They’re not going to get punished because Manfred gave them immunity.
Exactly. But I feel like Manfred should have taken this fight to them.
Well the Astros had that market locked down with a sponsorship with Waste Management back in 07, when they were trash. So nothing new.
https://i.imgur.com/BF8meTA.png
It’s a solid theory and makes sense. Fuck that dude.
To you maybe. To some people it could mean they can also go out and beat alcoholism.
Maybe you should find a subreddit for remarkable pictures instead.
It’s fucking stupid to compare individual cheaters (I’m 100% against ANY steroid users for the record) and a whole goddamn franchise cheating. It’s crazy to me that you can’t separate the 2 as being completely different situations.
It’s LoMos burner. Rays flair and all.
Ok, that’s a good one.
You know, I had finally come to grips with the lack of punishment for the players but I AM UNTETHERED AND MY RAGE KNOWS NO BOUNDS!
No prob man!
Except for that curve.
Because you can still be a fan of the game and not fucking watch?
Because he was still Cespedes agent when he got the GM job?
It’s a pretty good scene. Fairly short as well.
At least they’ve never lost 100 games in a season ¯\\\_(ツ)\_/¯
Not 3 in a row?
They just don’t give a fuck to do it personally.
You can support and own a gun and also want better gun control laws and regulations. It’s not a one way street.
I read that in LoMos voice.
He did the Panama Papers.
Easy there, kettle.
[Took me 2 seconds to google and find an interview about it.](https://www.syfy.com/syfywire/rian-johnson-explains-how-he-crafted-the-last-jedis-character-arcs)
[You should read about Mr. Ilitch.](https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Mike_Ilitch) The man tried to singlehandedly save Detroit before he passed.
Maybe a private investigator?
You don’t need the mount to get it, just someone with it.
“Uniques” not legendaries.
It’s the placement. Should have been on the sleeve.
Bo with the fucking really high socks.
I thought that too. Like she was alluding that all of Odins treasures were fakes.
&gt; I really do believe that if there was a car accident and the Tkachuk kids were suddenly paralyzed, it would probably save a bunch of NHL players from dirty, predatory plays that end their seasons and even their careers. Dude. That’s completely fucked up, regardless of how they play in the ice.
It’s not a bad logo, just in a bad spot.
She-Hulk is going to be the last D+ show to air. So unless that Spider-Man movie comes out in 2023 I doubt she’s in it.
Yup. I’ve played since 15 or so but halfway through the season I always quit.
Technically the sign is there. Just letters are missing.
It’s bona fide. He’s a suitor.
[i found you in action.](http://pa1.narvii.com/6883/c4587177fec63694bf4e050ea2a87e4e9d7f3332r1-480-202_00.gif)
I fucking knew this was it.
It got posted every other day when S3 came out.
Italian?
I’d rather cleans myself in the waters of Lake Minnetonka during February butt ass naked than coach the Mets.
That was the first year I became a Steeler fan and I’ll never forgive him.
With his username he’s obviously Samwise.
At least he said sorry. These guys are “sorry not sorry”.
It’s a government holiday.
ARod hit .365 with 6hr and 18 rbi to win the WS MVP in 2009. At least google what you’re talking about. Yeah I was wrong. No clue what I looked at this morning ¯\\\_(ツ)\_/¯ He did win some Babe Ruth award for some postseason thing. I guess I though that was the MVP award name.
This happens all the time. It’s nothing new to announce actors being in roles in movies late in production.
He’s also been destroyed in the third movie. Why would he be coming back?
You’re fond of me lobster, ain’t ye?
That’s all that matters.
This dude has a lot of bad takes. Didn’t even need to see the user name to know who it was.
That’s a good one.
And they have a very slender, feminine frame.
90s.
Because they all think the Netflix shows aren’t in the MCU.
Happ until they feel Monty can take it.
Nick Fury is a soldier. He can lead troops. I don’t understand what you think he would be doing during a fight..
Them thangs are juicy.
15 day old account
Those effects wore off after he walked past the seal.
Who cares. He’s said more than enough.
Yes please to straight back Undead. The guards outside the Golden Seal stand upright and don’t hunch over.
Pop Fisher had it certified after BP so it’s a legal bat.
Purple patch with a black mamba
[Braun should take a long hard look in the mirror like ARod did.](https://images2.minutemediacdn.com/image/upload/c_fill,w_912,h_516,f_auto,q_auto,g_auto/shape/cover/sport/57adf2fb701fb6bf66000001.jpeg)
Dave is 22. 24 is Bill Bradley.
Banana hammocks.
HBO definitely. That’s where I remember watching it as a kid.
They’re turning to daily posts now. Low hanging fruit for upvotes.
Props for the toddler book theory.
I don’t think he’s with them. Maybe he’s trying to get the scientist for himself. Edit: Is the scientist Tchernenko? If so, I wonder if the BT somehow got him from Keener and now Keener is using us to get him back. Sort of an enemy of my enemy is my friend sort of way.
It’s been confirmed by the director to not be Rhodes.
Probably the guy from Iron Man 2 that worked for Hammer.
I don’t think it was that bad. It’s Citizen Kane next to Dark World though. Now that was a tough one to sit through.
Aww man I LOVE Hitchhikers. It fits the story is never the same narrative.
Depends on where you go in the state tbh. Central NJ is really nice and parts of the shore are as well.
Well it’s neither North or South Jersey.
Rick was just an asshole but he was a good friend. He knew Cliff was out of work and that’s why he hired him to be his driver.
I used to about 10 years ago. Bricktown/TR/Manchester area. Still got friends in Lakewood too.
Sucks for you guys. Not even 2 years removed from a WS and you’re tearing it all down.
It’s some Dragonball Z shit. I’m stoked for the Tigers this year.
Good luck. You could be the next goat.
There’s flashbacks to that scene early in the original.
Yes.
Where actions?
One country is already authoritative and the other is trying its damnedest to be one.
Looks like the Ion Sylvanas meme
Fantastic movie.
I grew up in Tennessee and it’s been taught as states rights. Pretty sure my daughter has been told the same thing.
The rule of law in this country is eroding fast.
Apparently from what my friends have said, that guy was/is a 3%. He and his friends were throwing neonazi gang signs in photos.
[Here you go.](https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Three_Percenters)
I’m a Marine vet. I got brig time for disobeying a direct order from my CO to go back to field training 3 months after a car accident left me on crutches for 6 months with a possible fractured hip. I’d do years to say no to this shit.
The US Military is to not be deployed for engagement on US soil. They aren’t the presidents personal militia.
Just get the state outline of Utah with mittens on.
Yes, it violates the chain of command. The AG has no say in the military.
“Your Honor, I refuse to kill fellow Americans” is exactly what I would say.
Cop drama.
Since Vanilla man.
Holy shit. Lincoln Project is fucking killin him.
It’s a game.
Are you Undead?
And many of the Forsaken were Lordaeron citizens.
Tom Cotton can’t do shit. Also pretty funny he wants to bring Hong Kong refugees in from an authoritative regime to “another”.
Please.
.15%
Who knows man.
You’re American. You fit the criteria.
Well I just updated my voter registration over a week ago and haven’t heard a peep from them about my new card.
My job you can take between 30 min to an hour between 11am and 2pm.
Excuse me?
Yes we do. Our oath is to uphold the Constitution and protect it from foreign and domestic threats.
Nope. That would be an unlawful order. “I was just following orders” is also not a good defense and people have been prosecuted for using it. In United States v. Keenan, the accused (Keenan) was found guilty of murder after he obeyed an order to shoot and kill an elderly Vietnamese citizen. The Court of Military Appeals held that "the justification for acts done pursuant to orders does not exist if the order was of such a nature that a man of ordinary sense and understanding would know it to be illegal." The nazis tried to use that at the Nuremberg Trials after WW2. Didn’t go so well for them.
Ok so you’re just a dick. Got it.
It’s not but some people will bitch and moan about anything.
Dirk Gently is really good and worth a watch. AFAIK it’s in name only and isn’t from the source material.
I started the book after and never finished it since it’s so completely different. I need to pick it back up and finish it someday.
Not really but worth the watch. It deals with that program a bit more from the ending and other people that’s been used by it. It’s been a long while since I watched it so I’m a bit fuzzy.
Yeah it’s ironic they call the left that but they’re the ones melting down over protests.
Monks have a weapon at Peak of Serenity that hides weapons. It’s a fist wrap.
Anyone that’s seen it has never forgotten it. Unfortunately it’s on private property. The guys been told to take it down or cover it up but won’t. So people have painted it pink.
You disagree with the 2A?
Those are the Legion Outlaw swords.
You did say you weren’t gonna hurt her.
She’s the matriarch of the Blood Knights. Top belf pally.
Apprentice in a Bacta Tank, I know I know, it’s serious.
There’s always one.
And the director of Galaxy Quest.
Baseball is baseball.
A paladin is literally a holy warrior so he’s not wrong.
The Abyss?
Silver Bullet?
I saw that exact showing, along with My Name is Bruce, at a horror convention in Indiana about 10 years ago. Got his autograph and shook his hand. Once it got dark everyone drove to this drive in about 20 miles away and watched all those movies. He then made fun of my roommate and I for being from Tennessee. The Puppet Master guy was there too. Weird night.
When she went goth for Tim Curry. Whoooo lord.
I kill her faster on my 445 monk than I do my 455 rogue. Karma is great.
Do it anyways. Because fuckem, that’s why.
Elbows that are dark.
I thought you were talking about David.
You live in south jersey? I lived on the shore about 15 years ago and everyone from the Pine Barrens thought they were southern.
It’s a coverup that OP posted below so the glass was there prior.
I know what it is. The guy I replied to tried to tell me NJ was south of it.
It won’t. They’d be leaving money on the table if they left PS4 off.
He’s doing it as hard as he can.
Literally in the title?
I asked about this when I had to call about my change of address for my voter card. I was told flat out on the phone that Tennessee does not allow for mail in ballots unless it’s a medical reason and you needed to be doctor approved first. I then mentioned COVID and was told they’re only allowing 3 (THREE!) voters in at a time with delays between people so they can sanitize the station after people leave.
Man you read way too much into my comment. I didn’t mention Nas because I didn’t need to. I could have brought up the Beastie Boys but didn’t. All I said was rap and hip hop both had different messages and used a couple rappers off the top of my head as an example and you took it as a slight to Pacs message.
It’s blatantly obvious who you replied to was never military.
You’re several months away from SL. You can finish the rep grind by then. But yes, it’s a rep and an achievement.
MLB has double awards because they’re 2 separate leagues under one banner. The NL started several years before the AL did.
Lethal Weapon 2?
At least for another couple years. The NL are bringing the DH in.
That’s cool. I didn’t want to be baseball fan anymore or anything.
Actually no. Every post has said if this is Astros level then fuck the team and we deserve the punishment.
I’m the same way. I’ll be half invested and if it gets interesting I’ll finish it. If not I’ll go play a game or just half pay attention to it. I’ll admit I’ve seen half of some great movies though.
Nelfs and Worgen.
When I pvp healed a lot between Wrath and MoP I had my cleanse key bound to S. Kept me from backpedaling and was easier to get to.
I think you forgot “above” in there.
I did the same thing lol
Cool. Thanks for the review. I picked it up for PC.
Dude your first comment wasn’t even a conversation starter. It was just some smart ass reply and now you’re trying to get high and mighty.
Flash Gordon (1980)?
You should probably google Gaylord and see that it’s not disrespectful. It’s a last name, owners or a large hotel chain, with one in Nashville (Opryland Hotel) and the Predators arena is called the Gaylord Entertainment Center.
Centaurs in Desolace.
Bullit?
I started my rogue around Sept 2005. It’s older than my daughter.
Why not both?
They’ve already said it’ll be upgraded to the next gen for free if you buy it for this gen.
Well considering Vader knew where Luke was headed in the trench, it seems he did know about the exhaust port. He also hated the Death Star so maybe that’s why he never said anything about it.
I think he was going to stop Luke, regardless of his disdain for the DS. But he failed to take into account the Han Solo wild card. Now I want a theory that Han leaving was a decoy and he was Plan B in case Luke died and failed his mission.
I don’t think so. I think regardless of how he felt about it, he knew it was a powerful weapon for the Empire.
[You don’t know about the word?](https://youtu.be/9Gc4QTqslN4)
That cheetah is so out of place graphically.
Vito Cornelius!
Still trudging along.
Except the courthouse was set fire by a 3%’er and not someone that was peacefully protesting. The fire was also 2 weeks ago and the guy was arrested a couple days after. https://www.knoxnews.com/story/news/crime/2020/06/01/wesley-somers-arrest-nashville-protests-courthouse-fire-arson/5310092002/
Obviously a lot were.
Karen is the new boomer apparently.
Not very. ActiBlizz has been on the downturn for a while.
This sub is default. You’re automatically subbed when you join Reddit.
It might not, but maybe it’ll make the future better for our kids.
Audrey Strauss.
Captain America: Winter Soldier?
Well they wear leather and most of the leather gear this xpac is pirate themed.
I know you’re trying to make a joke, but my job when I was a Marine was 3381 Food Service Specialist. And I continued to cook for another 15 years after I got out.
Have you ever been pepper sprayed? Because if you have, there’s no way you wouldn’t know the difference between that and disinfectant.
Ok, again. It’s NOT about the flag. It’s about racial injustice and cop brutality.
So you still don’t get it. Got ya. It’s cool though. One day maybe you’ll understand.
Corpse Eater is on a short respawn timer anyway.
I wish Goblins started out at 20 as well. I can’t stand the intro to them.
I’m not sure what I’m missing here. You ran out of reinforcements. So you lose.
No it’s not.
Well he’s already been impeached. Republicans decided no one had to testify and he wasn’t removed.
Maybe he’s had a busy time making sure nothing happens to his files.
This dude has it wrong. He played both football and baseball. He got a bone infection as a sophomore in HS after getting kicked in practice. He got signed to the Yanks out of high school in 49. He tore his ACL in the 51 World Series and forever played without ever getting surgery.
My job just forced everyone back to work from the office last week.
He’s not a bad father. He just doesn’t know how to be one since his father was the same way. But I think the Goku Black arc fixes this.
And also Forsaken Paladins.
Monk have a red lightning glyph. They also have glyphs to change the color of RSK.
So it’s QTs fault? That’s what you got out of this? And how is releasing a movie on 70mm eccentric?
5-6 years or so.
This is new. TW usually only worked in dungeons but they’re adding the rep bonus to all reps on that specific week.
They’re enablers.
https://i.imgur.com/6TZHHYF.jpg
I wish I could find my Cincy save screenshots. It would make you proud.
Some jokes landed extremely well but overall it’s not very good.
Got a list?!
I have that head slot pattern and use it on my rogue as well.
$21 or so after taxes.
She already is for the most part. Except she hasn’t been captured and had a demon take her place to only get people killed on the Broken Shore. Like seriously, Shaw is the worst rogue and SI7 leader.
For such a high ranking Deathstalker, he’s been no where to be found.
Freedom doesn’t dispel poly.
Ahh yes the “it’s only alpha/beta” reasoning.
&gt; The book detailed how the Forsaken bodies of average citizens were in constant decay and that they would grab other body parts from barrels to replace the ones that don't work anymore. So are we in the Ship of Theseus territory then? Are they still Lordaeron citizens if they replace body parts?
Well it is the superior ranged weapon.
It’s not even in the same stratosphere. There wasn’t a fake McCain walking around.
Oh man he’s a junkballer. And not a FB in sight.
PG13 didn’t exist until 1985 or so.
