Dude I fkn love your company. Been meaning to write an email as to how pleasant my experience was, your communications and how quickly my juice arrived!
&gt;numbers Yeah sorry but with pubg being this successful I honestly don't see it happening for quake
Aha. No. I was in that bread when it happened
And no other company is bold enough to do a new one
RiP inbox...
Nope. It's a bullet
Lol with the 6' heels
I had it on repeat 800 times while I laughed until I pooped
Page 404
Except if you're anything larger than XL
Yep, and then they wonder why Americans are disliked. I feel sorry for you Canadians, getting mixed in with them
They can fuck right off. A Powerade/water after a night on the piss while waiting for a train is the difference between a fat hangover or not being hung over
Where do you live? I'll swing by with a case for me and a case or 2 for you and have a party, as long as I get to crash the night
No wiessbier. 5/7
Or until Anarki is pulled
Not very good when you have 3 frightened pups
Public transportation overcrowding due to unsustainable migration
Hang in there guys
What climate change?
Can't make it. Trains fucked
[Wat?](http://i0.kym-cdn.com/photos/images/original/000/799/925/586.jpg)
Lol don't surf in Bondi then
At 20bux a game? Pass
Welcome to the future mate
It's not a bug, it's a feature! You are lucky they don't charge you for more rent
Why do you have the hot sauce in there? It has heat and enough sugar in it to survive a nuclear blast, no need to refrigerate.
Why address the issue when you can ignore it until it goes away?
Mobile cancer. Pass
Explicitly why that office is never productive
Don't think this was captured with an iPhone
That could be Roman numerals.
Diplomacy prevailed today comrades!
I burn shit anyway. The voices in my hair say to do it. Satanism is just an excuse.
Oh boy here we go... Balkan war 3.0
Can't kill what's already dead
What if the roles were reversed?
No little Macedonia? Or Russia? Or anything remotely Slav?
Context behind this painting?
Thank you sir
Yet.
What is stopping everyone you play with from reporting you all the time just out of spite?
Forward retreat is really punishment now
Yep. Confirmed blobber
You misspelled attention whores
Daaaaaaym! If it's the chick on the right, fit to fat indeed!
Quality repost
Lol it's the size of a barn!
Why would you associate educational debate amongst people with neck beard culture? Would you rather we talk about Beyonce and her wish to migrate to Australia?
Nice job! I too bought stocks in CDs. I hear they'll be the next big thing next to the digital cassettes/vhs tapes
Exactly. Liberal arts is wymin studies and the like. Psychology is closer to science than art
CDs are already obsolete mate. I'm saying you invested in a ded gaem. Don't believe me, just look at Oceania servers/games. During beta, 3 minute wait max. Now, 3 fkn weeks for a game
Screw off. I wear nothing but the Strayan iconic akubra (acubra?)
Holy shit! Someone take the ice cream away from that woman!
Dooooggyyy!! Me wanna pet!
While clutching a VB in one hand and a titty in the other
Muh male privilege!!
Speaking of robot sentience, if you like sci Fi, give the British tv show HUM^NS a try
As the Jew watches.
In b4 all workers replaced by underpaid 457s
How do you suggest we get to city if there are no buses where we live? I have a colonoscopy to get to and my car died last week
I don't get it. Why are they all smilies? Are they happy that he lived?
It doesn't mean shit when no one in Oceania plays it anymore
Looks like Homer's car with a Canon
&lt;3 our libraries
Why? They made their choice
Lol and what's going to attract people to Sydney when our night life will become non existent?
Lol you missed the joke. I was taking a dump when I saw this - u fill in the rest
ISU on steroids
He's on strike
At least you're not accessing the secret base and forget to torn it off like in NK
Nice kanon! What year was this beast made?
Nice try Rupert
Charades I think the game was called? Only problem is everyone will be Hitler
Christ that was painful to watch
Bhn mi implies everything in the Viet bakery :)
Ask the US state of Texas
Agreed. Anyone with self worth would've just said "yeah whatever bitch" and started chatting to some1 else
Does it have unprotected radiator like his one?
As a tech process analyst, I concur
Woah. Where and how much?
Double repost
Unless its a maglev, plane will be king, soz.
For when you want to blow odd their shins!
Cancer site for mobiles
Niiice! Source pls?
Anyone who asks that question has never been with a 4D girl
How else do you propose they learn not to do 40 and split lanes?
When have you known NSW govt to do anything remotely that makes sense?
Why would I care about a fat racist shitty radio celebrity?
&gt; never showed Shiieeeett, so this happens to girls as well?
Maybe the boys are waiting on you to say 'morning have a good day' first?
I can be Ur friend regardless of your status
This is why I shave
Oh my what breed is this pup? Its so fluffy!
404
Who is Katie Cummings? E: never mind. Just some fat porn star
Hey WTF, why does I stock have my kinky photo?!
That look in the end
Eh, nah I was merely satisfying my curiosity
Its a self hate thing. Also its a motivation thing.
Cycle of life my man. Eat, fix servers, shit, repeat
This kid is going places
&gt; marksman &gt; woman on poster
Looks like the thief found an easier way to get in
Superb shot
Storing nibbles in plastic on the stove. Brilliant idea.
What a beautiful sight. If it was Sydney it'd be everyone on the phone
WTF?
Thanks for the insight. You've got a new fan now. How do I jump on these meats?
What the fuck?
Random Sunday Question: How do I go about requesting to my friends that I want to be buried in a National Park (so that flora and fauna can feast on me as I have feasted on them) when my time on this earth expires?
Sorry fat cat cant help, just wanted to say dont expect any real replies \- Sydney tends to have a 'go jump' attitude when it comes to these posts
Lel good luck finding drivers to fill in those spots when you pay them peanuts
So then the entire CBD?
Nope. I am. All 6000 of them
That's not cordial you've been drinking is it mate...? Arcade games attract crowds. Crowds bring money. Simple
It's not like you use it in your phone or anything. Oh wait
Finally the people stand up
Jesus you're off the rails cunt
How long until robots take care of our kids?
What about sterilisation?
And yet still no Oceania servers :'(
&gt; Chinesium You watch AvE don't u?
Pushing 6th month of unemployment :( If you hear your company is outsourcing, get out ASAP, don't wait for redundancy
Meanwhile in the real world, people that dislike you ask you to go die as a favour...
Over the calf for EVERYTHING.
In my 12 attendance's with the meat, the only stupid thing I've seen was loudness and some cunt setting an umbrella on fire. Never theft tho.
Step 1 download Firefox
Fuck this isn't good. Creeks were dry when I went winter 2017. Water is lifeblood for farmers
Something very feminine associated with an electric tooth brush for me. Maybe coz my pa taught me to wash mine with a steel brush and kerosene.
Cool blogpost bro. Liked, favourited and subscribed
Blackjack, coke and hookers. Thank me later
Any more left OP?
Hey bud, nah not an issue but I am moving this week... Maybe take a raincheck
Renters getting fucked yet again I see...
Lol single and 150/WK here.
Perhaps learn to sorry I'm deaf in sign language? The card sounds like a better idea rho
Was there any scientific evidence behind this bullshit?
None of your concerns peasant. Now back to you Facebook you go.
Lol gold luck OP
Meanwhile, little miner Joe and his crew are being hit the worst because they can't penetrate local USA market, nor can they sell overseas anymore because of bullshit expensive tariffs.
This works on so many levels: "Jet fuel can't melt steel beams" "Hitler did nothing wrong" Etcetera
Maybe they are just resting because of blisters? Or drunk?
Dude if mining is all you've known, you can't expect a 45 year old to go back to school and get a certificate in Java...
Don't expect Australianised common courtesy at stations that have Asians as the bulk of patrons. Hurstville is the same
Nah, they won't because you spelt Australians without a capital. That's UnAustralian
Happy birthday to the ground?
No, but u can have brown pants
Get that up yer shitty rail!
No shit. Just the drug tourism from Asia will bring in millions
That was most hilarious!
For now. And only in the West
Its a fucking joke. Absolute disgrace. Pay tax for 20 years, get made redundant and then you're told to go fuck yourself
Fuck off you stupid not, no one fucking cares
Seems a bit excessive no? I would say one of the Linux distros
Cancer site
The fags at /fit/ can be so cruel sometimes
That ain't water for sure
Funny enough, the current Moscow metro actually has these doors built and ready to seal it off from the outside. I think they built them as a shelter during Cold War
That lag in audio...
Ffs it's almost 2019, when are we going to promote on merit instead of fkn gender??
Get out while you can
Liberals fault ™
Gillard back stabbed Kevin 07 who was going to revolutionise our internet. Fuck Gillard
Last I read they are being stored in warehouses, awaiting one of the Asian countries to take them in for recycling (because no industry in Australia)
10 years since my uni graduation and I still have fkn 11k to go...
So has beer
Guess protesting does still work! Well done Frenchies
Even a broken clock is right twice a day. This will be the recession we never had.
You've never talked to centrelink have you?
I'm really sorry to hear that mate. I hope you had a good outcome
Thanks OP now I want some milk
Why is this sub always russling the Wehraboos jimmies?
Noice
Art apparently
Wait what? A v8 roomba?
Lol wait till they see the Australian Eastern seaboard
As a bachelor, once every 6 weeks. If I'm to have company, the night before.
Yeah nah. Let's see what you say when you go 9 months between jobs
/r/privacy is also a good one
Have you even the slightest idea what they are protesting and more importantly, why?
Tech giants pull out and Australia goes back to the dark ages tech wise
5 minutes of match, 50 of ads. Fuck this
I think it's more skipping working out and maintaining same calories
OP, go for a walk or something. Find a hobby that will let you have time to yourself. For me, it's lifting weights at 4am
BLINK MOTHERFUCKER!
Unlikely. If said sheeple are using instagram, they already give 2/5ths of fuck all for privacy. It will hurt the small business the most IMHO
Lol UK has the most used CCTV in any deveped country. It was GG for UK a looooong time ago
Take it slow OP and do your research. When you get to that crossroads, remember the physical pain will pass, while the mental lingers for the rest of your mortality. Godspeed!
Get off the internet Dad!
That's a very sweet message OP, as dude, it's refreshinglyunexpected. Assuming you are a drinker, have a few shots of vodka prior to calm the nerves. Always works for me. Keep us posted!
RiP Kanye 2015
Wow what a cunt... People are so fkn cruel sometimes. His loss.
The eternal struggle is real
I'M A SHAAARK!!11 SUCK MY DIIIICK!!1
Here have a hand. Your comment deserves it!
Good one. Do you know the difficulty in changing culture?
Try Gosford Micrographics
Yeah. When it's not delayed or broken down or track work, it works wonderfully
Do you need to be into Sabbath to come to this? What if I'm into Tay Tay?
Nope. That's an American thing.
Until an RPG equivalent hit it eight in the kisser
Good. Maybe the world will see how fucking atrocious our speech liberties have become
As if Bondi doesn't have enough UK expats...
Check your local vinnies if you can OP. I bought collectors edition of Star Wars for $25 once
If it's a baby it'll be hard to distinguish.
Like waxing chets truck at night because sniper can't see you then?
Bankstown. Say a few Arab words as greeting so they don't give you the molasses stuff
Good one.
Meanwhile first home buyers are getting shafted
Is actually a German spy pretending to be Komrade
That wouldve costed you as much as a small car... Hope you had health insurance for pupper
LA was a shit hole even for a foreigner/tourist to meet people. Something about big city Americans I guess
They are scumbags. Don't book with them. Use their search then call hotel directly
Way to sell your kids into slavery so you can eat for the next few weeks Liberals... Those tertiary cuts will have a lot of impact on melenials
Both will get shafted.
What exactly falls into the 'otherwise' category?
NSW liberal
https://www.elections.nsw.gov.au/District-profiles/Ku-ring-gai ? Wut?
No shit I'm fkn hungry after watching that
Can I join you?
That's not even half a pull up
Wow. You should consider writing mate. You clearly have the talent for it. Also I was just gonna share a few tinnies with yer and give you a hug
Whatever your flavour mate. I'm planning to go as a tree decoration
Well that fukn explains the sudden influx of the cunts. Thanks OP
What was the deciding factor for you to choose and work for WW?
This officially beats the 2000 storm. OP where are you?
Don't tell Andy otherwise he might start charging double for drinks!
You can make a random friend of reddit. Start a thread a get all the orphans together
You sure told me. I'm on the next boat out of here
Don't you mean Brisbane every day?
If you can taste the arse clearly you aren't drinking enough
They are already here mate, it's no longer an invasion
Yeah but the Eastern Beaches beg to differ
Cable ties save the day yet again
Care to elaborate?
That cute little thing devastated rural Australian countryside and is the reason for a few species going extinct
Haha yes¡
Why not snease this moment?
That kid Would've got a pelting for spilling the food!
It was only a kiss?
Dog ain't got time for your shit
Wtf u doing drinking mixers caaarnt?
I admire your commitment to ~~alcoholism~~ bringing people across the city together
Them Nuw Zulunder boys can drink!
For now
Yep. Also don't expect them to last longer tha. 20 years before shit starts deteriorating
Lol
Racist. You should've seen the streets of Sydney yesterday...
You mean all 270 dialects?
Too much pollen probably
Lol get fucked mate. I use it as I see it fit. No other cunts gonna tell you otherwise.
... Yet.
Can you please elaborate?
Oh my. I'm stealing this one
Not with a script blocker it ain't
Fuck oath
That turret colour is triggering my ocd
Silence 2000 Just Be Atlantis remix Most of the Gaia tracks Anything by Bobina
you speak from experience or nah?
It really pains me to say this, however my theory is the English language is evolving, particularly online. Memes are having the greatest amount of impact to its evolution, and slowly, said words start seeping into every other thread. (those words in particular are no doubt from dog and bird memes). Similar cases are with young generations using words like fleek in everyday conversations. Note, I'm no linguist (just a failed linguophile writer), I do however forsee it becoming a language similar to that of The Belters (aka beltalowda) in The Expanse universe. E. Smol = small Birb = bird, misspelt Atacc = attack, etcetera
More awwwtf
Fuck me how many cars do you need?? Where is this?
Sounds like it's one of those American jams I keep hearing about
Wtf? YouTube allows porn now?
Purple Drank
50g of sugar guava?
Mate I had a whitty comeback to your whining, but eh, it's too fkn hot
Oh man. I'm sorry to hear this. Perhaps get organised and start a meetup group for people in same boat?
Lol wtf why??
That's how the rest of the world spells it. OP was clearly Amerifat
So then by that logic, classic 4 Chan is iron due to rust
Good luck OP. There won't be anything remotely duff duff ish, only Latin
I think they meant sniffer dogs
Looks more like a P4 than a Tiger
No way that water is that clean
You clearly worked for a competent employer who provided all the training. If you're 50 and made redundant it's not going to be enjoyable
As a fellow Italian turned enviro, fafa enculo. You can be reusing water instead of wasting it
That's a rooster
We're you all as stoned as those cunts in the photo?
Don't you mean Austrians? We use the M1s here
No
No bear bar?
The HAES movement has something to say to you
Nah, healthy at every size, basically deluded fat people comparing their health to that of athletes. 2 months since it's foundation, the Ceo died of a heart attack from clogged arteries. Lol
What if no FB but still want to dance?
So why can't said families go elsewhere to enjoy vivid?
Fine. I'll sell my discounted drugs elsewhere then... Thanks for the information mate
Fuck hydroponics. Permaculture is where it's at!
Extreme summers, now snow... These climate mood swings are getting a tad too extreme
Nope, not in CBD. Too many societies /cultures that drive on the other side of the road = Aus cultural norms neglected. Anyone that blings light to this is labelled a racist.
More like r/holdmyturban
India?
If you identify as a male you'll have a very hard time penetrating that market.
Indians did
What about my fkn norms that they don't follow? Eg: wearing deodorant?
Hard times are a comin'
"Be the change you want to see" - Gandhi
And yet when you bring this shit in an argument, suddenly you are labelled a racist
Fucken Amen
Yell penis as loud as you can and wait for the acknowledgement back. Alternatively msg the OP
If the trade war between the US and China escalate things will definitely change
It means I have the freedom to tell you to get fkd. Not for long tho under these Libs
Fucking yes!
Kek what's an ar15 going to do against an Abram's tank?
They were up against Chaffies, Walker Bulldogs and Hue Cobras, not M1A3 Abrams....
GG Sydney.
Yep, the pinch is starting again. Howld on to your dollaridoos
Doubles up as bong water too
It's Newtown. You need to cater to your audience. They probably lost business because it had meat on the menu
Can I come too?
Oi none of that thanks!
Betoota are fkn miles ahead of the Onion
Ooooh boy, here we go
When you deal with the lebs bushit for 7 years straight, it'll turn even the leftiest of left into a islamophobe.
Excelsior!
They pay minimum wages, if that. What do you expect? Pay peanuts get monkeys
They don't need to. If you own the place you don't have to do didly
The mishandling of refugees makes me ashamed of being Australian :(
Bear bar has top tier cocktails if you have the purse for it
They picked an area with a very high number of pedestrians not familiar with Aus foot traffic laws. Something tells me this was part of revenue raising
1984 is a work of fiction, not a fkn how to guide...
Half of already my half asery? Damn
Cool blogpost bro! Liked and subscribed. /s
\&gt; big guy For you
Thanka multiculturalism
AUD or USD?
2019 they are actual zombies. Ask yoursel when was the last time you conversed with a stranger outside if beggars or retail ppl?
#FUCK YOU! INDIA SUPERPOWER BY 2020
Niiiiiiiice! This baby belongs in a museum
Thanks for the hearty chuckle OP. You did well!
WTF? Hello OSHA? Yeah there's a lawsuit waiting to happen.
What bird is this?
So much for fkn equity
"Hello little one. You must be the second gen of sperm donor kids. I'm S, happy to meet you! You have a lovely -" "GET THE FUCK AWAY FROM. MY. KID!!"
Banking, IT, Construction, Retail, real estate, Telco... List goes on. Farming jobs may increase as we all look to the land to eat, but in the end it's anyone's game
Fuck this australian internet.... 3 days now and Im not even regional
Last GFC super got hit hard to the point where some retires had to work again
Best thing you can do is vote with wallet
Good. Royal Commission when?
How good was it!?
Must be a blonde. If you really wanted alcohol you'd put a flask or 3 in there...
The economy which the Libs created
Rage quit
It's fallen on dead ears. Binchicken has gutted OEH and unless it produces money the state govt wouldn't give a toss
\&gt; high demand Not for long
Hear Hear
r/titleporn
Yep. Police State
How selfish of you... Think about the impact your reproduction has had on the environment
Keep left you fuckwit!
How is this altered? I just see a curvaceous lady squatting in heels...
Better late than never. Hope everyone is safe
Pot calling kettle black
Those are German roaches and are a different breed
Training and years of experience
Can't. Gladys took me job :'(
And then the 2022 fires hit all over again
And Gladys is different how exactly?
❤️ Goldens
Would you rather they die of thirst? Drop in the bucket compared to the 500 000 000 (half a billion) perished due to fires
MURICAH FUK YEAH!
As a fellow Green thumb, good on you mate!
Too distracted by camel toe to notice a pole in this picture
Nah they probably ate them all
Or worlds most massive climate refugees.
Kid should really use some gloves. Some those rocks can have razor sharp edges!
No
Yeah nah. Bf1 had 1 voice actor for every faction. BC2 had 4 voice actors, one for every class for every faction. After BF3 or even 4 EA just made rehashed shit just for more $$$
Meanwhile same amount of people are flowing in to Sydney...
Made in China no doubt
Yeah sure if you want people to be accommodated in 2024
Any other IT nerds finding it hard to land a role?
Bomza yarn mate, but it needs more VB and durries
[No. Oslo does not have near as many Asian drivers as Sydney](https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Oslo)
Go Hurstville shopping centre on a busy day and see for yourself
I've been tboned twice. Twice the driver was Chinese
Wait, you had more than 1?
Can you give us a time frame how long this will last franky?
What's the night life like for the dance music lovers?
Kudos to Karen for breaking rank!
Thank ye kind sir!
What the fuck happened?
Where is this filmed?
That's fkn naaaassttyyyy!!
Weavels?
More variety of music would be better. Get the ravers back!
Gauze
Porn is only part of R. Some movies have extra swearing whilst others have guts and arms and bowels which you can't show in an MA film
Live and learn mate.
Better to be paranoid than use the garden hose
Above ground metro, yes. 4Billion in costs and it broke the first time people got on board. It's raining now and it's broke again. Disgusting
No. Friend hired an electrical "engineer" with a phd from a Columbia ln university and ended up spending 3x the original quote because of said engineers fuck up
Are you sure it's not because we have plenty of fuckwits? Eg, most in federal government?
Seems like an excuse to make fun of white people dancing...
It's there OP, you gotta go for the longer missions
Where would you field this beast?
Single sheet of fibro separating the 2 units. 2 if youre lucky
That's not going to be cheap mate
Ooof. First fires, then floods, now this. The rapture is upon us! Repent sinners! /tinfoilhat
[Not if you don't have social media](https://i.imgflip.com/1l1vwn.jpg)
Fuck that, give me the spider any day
How long until nugs start appearing? I've had one since October still no nugs nor cal I tell if it's male :'(
Piggy backing of dragonsgirl, they have mock tails and sugary drinks if alcohol isn't your thing plus some pretty good snacks. Bring an open mind if you're going, sometimes things get a bit wild. They're a solid bunch of folks
18% for a 400k home is still repayable compared to the same home now at 5% for 1.2mil
Getting them hooked on sugar that young...
HAES movement in a sentence
11101 was the largest I've seen
Until all the Irish have the same idea
I'm very sorry to hear you guys got royally fkd by hail. I hope your state government mobilises more public transport to move people to and from work. On the bright side you have an excuse to light up in public
Lol
Peat moss is shredded coconut that isn't very neutrinos but holds water/moisture really well and is fluffy so it allows for roots to get oxygen and better grow room. Perlite is the same thing I think and doesn't require soaking to get started like peat moss does.
If you don't have any females about, I would leave it be to mature and make canna butter out of the shwag
Perfect for starters. I still have my chromium grinder from when I started. That hesh filter will be magic!
It's already too much. Former colleagues in their 50s are struggling to find a job again after their redundancies because the market is over flooded
Those other cities have far better water security than any of our cities ever will. Maybe Brisbane might
#TRIGGERED
And is 1/3rd the weight
Hey Amp, any singles crap available?
Idiocy the movie is slowly becoming a documentary
And what state is that mate?
It's already here mate
Abc news 24 a day or so ago said they rushed a man to hospital after being identified as positive. Sorry I don't have exact link, was making brownies at the time had stream in background
Always insist on a letter of separation/service. Always. Also hide all your liquid assets and make sure you have under $5500 in savings.
Tonight is definitely a contender
What is the bins inside temperature? Worms like it best between 18°c and 24 from memory, with the bedding being damp to touch but not wet. If these conditions aren't right it's unlikely they'll eat as much
That's a win!
\&gt; 4 trees. Lol you'll need enough electricity for a large business to keep that think cool in summer
Aren't they :D Neighbours staff didn't realise how strong he was moving the table and chairs by brushing them, just chasing the ball having fun.
Check out AvEs channel if you haven't already done so. He does cool tool strip downs
Ken Oath!
Good ol Red Alert. Back when games were fun and not lootbox plagued reskinned regurgitated shit. Example: EA and battlefield
Why would you even brag about it?
Words don't mean shit to people glued to their phone like that
But it is racist /s
You been to Sydney? Shoebox in a battery hen type living, with Zero sunlight and zero air movement, and zero aircon 400/wk
Keep your cats inside pls. Koalas, sugar gliders, and all other native birds are easy pray for cats.
This just keeps getting better and better!
Same with the Gong
Don't forget, once the frost sets, the harbours can be broken down, as well as the gathering/stockpiling places. The good news is, those stockpiles will last depending on how much is piled for a few days
Once the storm hits there are no more boats. The harbour/dock can be dismantled for some much needed wood and iron boost.
This. Use the foragers hut to hunt for food nearby until your harbours can provide you
Kinda the the email telling you to hire nothing but indians
How is "middle aged" defined exactly? What is the age range, etc?
Yeap. 4chan is blocked on cloud fare by all telcos
India wants to have a word with you
I hope you have your pitchforks ready, because if it blows up here it'll be bad
Pls GTFO of here. You and your facts! /s
... That's rich, coming from a swans supporter...
Wish rnb died. It's 90s cousin will be ashamed to be called rnb
What happens when they spend that money and suddenly also need a job?
Press and hold middle click to rotate map mate
Can confirm did deathless and said the overseer is in the right and she kills herself
We need our fix. The gamblers got it, the alcoholics got it, the coffe snobs got it but no let's single out the Jim junkies
Are Iron supplements and red meat insufficient?
Why is September the magical month for everything?
:( I'm sorry
Truth hurts
Get hot pink or the fluro orange!
Yeah you'll definitely be the fun of the party, if you're ever lucky to get an invite
Must be brushing twice a day
Everything is fkn expensive. Pork rolls have gone up to $8
Take a number buddy
Take a number buddy and wait in the queue
Infection rates will sky-rocket after this
Could this be the start of our UBI journey?
And here I was thinking this guy knows a nang bank.. Likely a scam, delete message or report to your scam regulatory body
Fuck Oath!
Pls don't tease we just came out of covid :(
""Good Debt™"" right guys?
Don't forget the looming Depression 2.0
Funemployed, so no
Christ, this fkn year has been one calamari after another :/
#FULL BRIDGE RECTIFYER!
Hang on, this is done in America no? Why would he put a mock gun on there?
They're all hit and miss mate, unless you're willing to shell out some major moolah. I had one guy I used twice, third time around he sent monkeys that dented fkn everything
No you're a towel!
Boom! Right in the Freedom™
Below that actually
Oh look a petrol station on fire! Let's just stand around in close proximity and watch! Really?
Also zero deaths from Covid in Vietnam
That's bitchumen not concrete lol
If Newton couldn't get calculus off, what chances does a dentist clean have?
Things may be tricky with COVID and mental health, get in while you can.
🎶 And I was dancing on this sheeelf, oooh oh! 🎶
Signal doesn't have servers like whatsapp does. Traffic is heavily encrypted before routed through the internet from source to your phone and vice versa. It would take a very long time to hack that encryption. Disappearing messages completely wipes the message from your phone as well as destination.
Even if you fed them carrots they're likely to be like that because no exercise
I pack aerosol sunscreen in my backpack because I burn and it doubles up as a I need to GTFO spray
No no, that's Asian Salad Fingers
That's a hefty fkn fine for those days!
It's happening everywhere mate. Hurstville Forest Rd I counted 12 for lease shops
I still have that pair of ruggers!
You're asking a government with only 4 year vision to do things that will benefit all in the long run. You're dreamin mate
Not with the rent they've paying
Sydney has them as well, no idea what they are soz OP
Where where? Lol, I thinks it's hear hear, coz you know, we hear them
Also remember, the world is very much dependent on China for electronics. Don't quote me on this one, but I think 85% of the minerals required for electronics come from China. If they truly mean to fuck the world, they'd halt all electronica trade
Can't really do that mate considering I have to pay extortionary rent
Yeah I'm with Dodo but I need to fk them off and find another supplier
On dole, can confirm, only eat once a day
