If the problem is a dealbreaker / red flag, then "nearly perfect" is not good enough, imo. Sex is one of basics, I dont see a point staying with her if I dont get what I need at the very least.
Nope. One of reasons is, even if you destroy all active virus copies, you have to remember that it is a retrovirus. In other words, original invader's RNA string is literally transcribed/built into host cell DNA. Not removing said DNA means that said cell will produce virus copies as part of its normal operation.
Nope. Saliva is one of body fluids that do not transmit HIV.
and its not clear which will be first, too!
depending on where: pregnancy (vagina) / inflammation (intramuscular injection) / depending on volume, cardiac arythmia or arrest (intravenous injection) due to viscosity.
5 minutes of fame. even if bad one.
&gt; Fission reactors take heavy radioactive metals like Uranium and squeeze it together in a way that pumps up its radioactivity This is not really correct as to how the process goes. From the start: The reaction that drives the fission power plant, is called a nuclear fission chain reaction. Meaning that an atom nuclei are being split, in a controlled manner, which in turn relases heat and energy that we can in turn use. For the process to work correctly, it needs a proper material (fuel) to split (as not every element can undergo fission chain reaction while also relasing more energy than you need to cause fission). In case of modern power reactors, Uranium is the most used element. (Im not going into isotopes etc. but you need to process the natural uranium into a state that causes it to be mostly its fissile isotope - uranium-235 as opposed to non-fissile uranium-238.). Anyway - once you have the fuel, it can either initiate fission chain reaction all by itself (in apropriate conditions) or it can be forced to do so by introducing free neutrons into the mass (which would be an analog to a spark plug in a car's engine). Neutrons cause fisson of the atom's nucleus , which relases 2-3 new neutrons into the fuel around it, and the rest of the nucleus becomes fission byproducts (essentially, "ash" equivalent, waste. Tho its an usefull one, sometimes.). Small part of nucleus' mass is converted into energy, and byproducts' nuclei kinetic energy is also useable - this is our HEAT that we use in the rest of the process. This heat passes to collant in the reactor pressure vessel, this in turn heats secondary cooling loop (to both take the heat away from the reactor, and separate radioactive coolant from non-radioactive one), and secondary coolant loop goes into the power generator's turbine. The rest is the same as in any power plant - turbine turns the generator, and electricity comes out.
chain would probably be the same as rope. Bungee cord would cause them to bounce around, but my guess is, at a proper speed it would break your neck just as well.
technically, siamese twins are not uniform genetically, so yes. Unless they are identical twins (i.e. two embryos forming from one egg/sperm cell - thus same genetic makeup).
Any source for more info on that reclassification? Could be an interesting read :)
its "less than lethal" / "safe-ish", not "safe".
well, some accidents did happen, as did a few...unforseen developments during nuclear testing. For example, the US Castle Bravo test was not supposed to be a 15 megaton worth of yield - it was supposed to be "only" 4-8 megatons. However, new thermonuclear stage fuel composition included lithium, that, unknowingly at the time, happened to breed additional fuel, and so it multiplied the yield significantly. On one side, this helped the development. On the other, it irradiated several navy ships, and surrounding communities significantly, and also affected a japanese fishing boat, the Daigo Fukuryu Maru (which was well outside a no-entry zone and would be safe otherwise) - which both resulted in civilian casualties. I guess you could call it a trial part of "trial and error"...in a way.
bible is ideology and indoctrination, not a verified knowledge.
Well, they are not better at destroying vehicles more than at destroying people. Its just that they are a MASSIVE overkill to employ against a person. .50 is a big calibre already, but then you have monsters like the Denell NTW-20 that is, essentially, a man-portable 20mm cannon (or, after switching out its barrel and receiver, a 14.7mm for less punch, and longer range). Think of "tearing someone to pieces" on hit, rather than "make a hole thru them" if one gets hit with a round from that. Bonus fun for hits performed with a high explosive round. Or high explosive / incendiary one. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1FMeG60vLfQ edit: another 20mm rifle, test against body armor: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MIOm6N4TgkU
thats why acetylene torch as a dildo should never be considered unless its off and cooled down a bit.
anestethics/analgesics do that - drugs without which, surgery would not really be feasible. Alternativelly, morphine and other opiates. Ketamine is also used in surgical setting. And a ton of others.
gamma photons, or neutrons. Beta radiation is not penetrating enough - it is stopped by even light clothing.
get born
whatever is inducing worst smelling shit. There's a chance that you evacuate your bowel contents on dying...
what if he is not gentle while at it ?
biologically speaking, you have exactly zero idea how this works.
Nah. Many women, when they say that they want a man that feels, mean that they want a man that considers HER feelings, not who voices any feelings that he might have. A double standard. Avoid such women at all costs.
&gt; So does cheating really happen to 95% of relationships?? 95%? Id say no, but my wager is WAY more than 50% women will cheat in some way, or consider cheating, at least one time. No experience with men in this regard, never been in a relationship with one - but probably same. Homo Sapiens Sapiens are not exactly designed as monogamous by the biology.
A work collegue? Dont ask her out. Workplace romance is nothing but trouble. You can really find someone that does not have "workplace/career related problems" attached to her.
Umm, not everyone wants to be a stepparent, and the fact that someone might only want their own biological child, does not mean they are immature or not responsible. It just says that they have right of choice of what their responsibility is (as they should have that choice, really!), and for who they are responsible for. I want kids, but only my own genetically, and not some other man - way too many problems can arise from this fact (both within relationship, and legal/medical too), and if I can avoid them - I will try to, sorry. Why should I be expected to ditch my standards regarding what I want in life, exactly? Just so that this, or that woman gets me as a partner ? I might consider a single mom as a temporary partner for fun, no strings attached sex. But thats about it. More than this, and im setting myself as part-time daddy for a kid that is not mine (and in some legal settings, its enough to force me to pay support...yeah, Im not risking my finances too). Your post says "entitlement", sorry.
\&gt; I am wondering if this is something I should move on from &amp;#x200B; Yes. Move forward, and forget it. You choose to end it. You two were not together anymore at the time. She was a single person as far as anything's concerned. You have no right to hold that against her now, just because you are jealous.
&gt; they pledge their virginity to their dad this sounds so game of thrones, its not even funny &gt;_&gt;
fun fact: we had a male intimate wash on the market that literally said on the bottle: "does not leave the soapy aftertaste" :&gt;
heresy grows from idleness!
heresy was supposed to happen anyway, just not when and how it happened. Good ol' Empy had a thing for killing off his troops once they were not needed anymore - just look at thunder warriors.
so, both commie and a traitor, then ?
my first thought too. Laurie and Annie FTW.
put it in a condom, problem solved ?:)
/r/jesuschristreddit
Easy. If you predict trends, you can concentrate on developing drugs aimed at the predicted conditions. Its especially usefull since R&amp;D takes sometimes literally decades, and tens of billions USD...per drug developed.
population growth, median age, diseases/conditions associated with given age (if any), maybe safety trends ? Probably many more Ive got no idea of, even.
power generation and storage is one thing. Power transmission is yet another. Try to move all that energy into the laser, from the storage, too fast, and you could melt your power circuit wiring. edit: then there's also beam collimation, targeting optics/mirrors cooling, and other things to take into account.
"I have been deleted" ooops! :)
No verifiable evidence spells a lie for me.
she came to me begging for money because her cat was sick. Two sentences later, she was happy for an international trip coming in two weeks. Skewed priorities, at 35 years old? Check. Entitlement? Check. Didnt see a problem? Check. Well baby, im not your pity-fueled ATM.
Yeah. Cured means no remission after 5 years from end of treatment. Doesnt mean you cant go into remission some time later down the line anyway - potentiall for another round will be there for life.
As much fucked as milking a man out of his money and assets, just because woman said so and unilaterally made a life-changing decision. The mistake you make is thinking that men owe anything, to anyone, anytime. We do not.
&gt; Okay, but how many of those are unwilling parents to said children? This is not an issue here. The issue here is that men have no choice that they should have. Women can change the mind after having sex and say it was rape. Thus men should be allowed to change their mind after the fact too. Equality.
If he chooses to not be a father, she has full right to abort. If she does not, all of this is morally on HER and HER alone.
Thats reality of medical R&amp;D for you. Even basic stuff (like antibiotics) takes literally decades to research and do clinical testing. Noone wants another Talidomide on the market.
better yet: child support should be a fund that the child itself gains access to once he/she is an adult. If mom cant raise the child, she should loose the parental rights as she is unfit.
it is. its paying for a kid one didnt consent to have. nothing else matters.
make coke pellets. Even more dense fuel, and its production eats thru coke. You can always burn it in steam plants, or trains, as priority fuel. Or just stockpile few warehouses worth of it.
&gt; I've got a job and a family to take care of. thats why you automate that first, and THEN play factorio.
Meh, we'll just develop an artificial uterus. Its in the works and being tested on cattle as of last year so... If that comes out, we will not even need a stable partner to have a child. We'll just use a gamete bank for that.
you can always make a smelting / material production area, and then pull multiple smaller dedicated buses out of it. One for a level 1 / level 2 mall, one for circuits, one for science, maybe mix and match some for modules later on...etc. Same with petrochem.
you also get crushed stone from geodes (from flotation or washing) crushing (during crystal slurry production) - thats also a nice amount of stone.
blocking the intake could be problematic with how much air volume goes thru and how large the intake is. However, ice blocking wing mechanisation and sensors is a major problem.
Yeah. Gravity has basically infinite range (as in really infinite), tho its strength lessens fast with distance. In orbit, you float basically because you are in a free fall towards the planet, and you are going sideways so fast that you miss said planet while falling towards it. Constantly.
Also, due to physics, one would need as much fuel to slow down as they needed to speed up in the first place. In other words, what one would need, is another full rocket. Which would require even LARGER rocket to put up there.
1% exiwt because they worked good enough. 99% is mostly not doing their part.
This is why you should never belive "victim" without verifiable proof, ever.
Victim testiminy is not a verifiable proof. Its only accusation. It must be independently verified as far as Im concerned. If you dont have any supporting evidence, you might just as well be a false accuser. Why should I trust you. Based on what? Empty word? Feelings? Sorry but words are spoken way too easily to destroy someones life based on just them.
Until he is convicted, he is innocent by rule of law. Stop being an idiot who presumes guilt just because someone said an accusing word. If you dont have a verifiable proof, your word means nothing for me.
If he is not guilty, then victim is a victim of what, exactly? Apart of being a victim of own delusions? Not guilty = nothing happened as far as Im concerned.
If there are kids in the picture, you gather evidence, leave and try to get sole custody.
Teach women not to assault, perhaps. Also, teach men its ok to defend oneself from a woman, also with force if need be.
You are defending a criminal just because its a woman. Fuck off, really. If she hits me, I WILL use my full strength, promptly, to shut her down in order to eliminate the threat. Attack me and you cease being a person, and you start being a target. End of story. Dont want that outcome? How about not attacking me in the first place, maybe?
Nope. Im defending the interest of those that are victims of perjury. Accusations destroy lives, no matter if they are real or not. You seem not to care. If she id'd the incorrect person, and he had any loss because of that, she is guilty of that and must pay aproprietly.
Well, he might have a point. He might be a hardcore bdsm fan. Or something....
Alternatively, he didnt say that the money are legally owned by him now...que the IRS and police at the door.
Religious technocracy. Praise the Omnissiah!
At least he polulled the right cord, not the emergency cutoff. Hopefully. Yeah, you get two cords. One opens the main, another will cut it loose if you need to deploy the reserve. Yeah, its not a good idea to make a mistake.
If its not proven, it still causes damage to the accused. Accuser must pay for said damage, no exception, ever.
"go to therapy / MD".
https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC2782943/ Depending on situation, non-irradiated cells can respond in various ways to signals from irradiated ones (see above), and whole body can feel the results as well - for example you could encounter white blood cells loss in the irradiated area. If the area is big enough (or irradiated area is involved in their production, like bone marrow), it might lessen/incap your immunoresponse body-wide.
&gt; What do you mean I'm not your type? What's wrong with me? oh, how I get what you feel here. We men get that BS from women too. Like we are supposed to be always attracted to any woman in particular, just because. WTF, ladies?
Some types of cancerS are already possible to cure with &gt;95% chance. Notice I used plural "cancerS" - its not a single disease, its a type/group of &gt;200 different diseases....and thats without subtypes, or stages of progression where you need different treatment, or .. (here goes a ton of other factors). tldr: Its not a common cold.
either mass storage bunker, or conveyor belts.
...and soon, the three seashells
&gt; How the hell would a child rapist get it in with enough kinetic energy, everything is a door. Unfortunately for their victims.
you cant really "enrich" U238 while using less power than you will generate later. You can use fission byproducts to breed additional fuel tho.
Countries/government is one thing, a crazy warlord-type actor is even worse.
...weeeelll, at least as far as old testament goes, he is/was kinda dickish, yeah.
Technically, missile will either think that flare is a target (and thus it will steer towards it and detonate), or loose the sight of the target in the much hotter flare background. that is if they are affected by it, since not all heat seekers will be susceptible. Same with radar active/semiactive guidance - not every such system will be fooled by a simple chaff dispenser. Another countermeasure you didnt mention (as its not really widespread) is an active microwave strobe jammer (like the 9K114 Ispanka jammer on the russian Mil Mi24 attack helicopter) - which is basically a powerfull infrared emitter fixed on the helicopter, designed to just overwhelm the missile guidance with brute force of light and blind it to everything else.
yeah, movies tend to be done for show, not for tactical accuracy. Air combat is not really a sub-kilometer turning dogfight nowadays (lol, Topgun...) its more like "point my nose to the HUD marker, select it on the radar, and pull the trigger, because that guy is 60km away and its too close for my rules of engagement...and i've got an AMRAAM or three".
Exactly that ^. Also, if you take into account any explosivelly formed directed fragmentation warheads, where all those fragments go in (mostly) one direction, or cutter bar fragmentation (essentially, a fragment that is not a small piece of arbitrarily shaped metal, but a sturdy piece of rebar few tens of centimeters long and few cm thick) - those fragments are REALLY deadly to an airframe. Its no longer "put a few holes into the wing" but it can be very well be "shear that wing off the aircraft in question".
if they have access to the router, and if said router has some sort of traffic log, yeah - your destination url can be seen (tho, if encrypted, not the exact content). Not that much "tech sawy" to do that.
together with sheer cost, yes. That, and handling radioisotopes (even low emission ones) is not exactly safe, healthy, nor easy.
Decontamination? That depends. Its relativelly easy to remove irradiated material if its like top layer of the soil. Its next to impossible to remove bioactive radioisotopes from inside of your body (and caesium and iodine are both bioactive, and are deposited in bones and thyroid respectivelly), and those will stay with you, radiating happily away, until they all decay.
so, im getting titties, multiple full body orgasms, and one day of period, statistically, per month? Sure, count me in.
3rd wave feminism, thats what.
Yep. Not every woman can do it. But its still way higher chance than with us men ;)
Nothing in flying is about routine. Except incidents. Those happen because routine. Or stupidity. Or both. Flying (esp commercial) is about adhering to safety procedures/checklists, and for a good reason.
No. If you want to see how a proper decontamination sort of looks, go watch the chernobyl series. They have few sort of good examples. It includes a rather not nice scrub/bath in a water full of chemicals designed to leech out/bind to particulates that could be on your skin/in your hair. Tho, for good measure, you should just cut that hair short, so less chance that any contamination remains afterwards. If you happen to ingest/inhale any radioisotopes, there are two outcomes. Either they are not bioactive and your body will just pass them and remove them the natural way - you get some dose, but ultimately they will be pout of your system - or they can be bioactive, and will be incorporated into tissues. That is the bad outcome, because you will be getting the radiation dose until they decay...and some take decades and longer to decay half the original amount (like caesium) Bioactive means that they are chemical analogues of elements that make up our body, and so the body processes them the same way. In the instance of caesium, its a calcium analog, so you are looking at bone deposition for life.
It works for us? Or for you? Because im not really seeing it work for me, lol. And we can surviwe without women. Artificial uterus is coming along soon, then it will be a matter of using stem cells instead of ovae. For anything else... men are better anyway. Yeah, before you ask - im bi, lol. Well, maybe feminism should not have caused that distrust, then? Consequences are here to stay. Dont like it? Welll...too bad. No hate here, tho. Just utter indifference :) which, for some women, I find to be even worse than being hated, for some reason...
real feminism in a nutshell.
what makes a man? what he wants to make him.
...and yet, as a man, im expected to bear consequences of what other men supposedly did to women years/decades ago. Yeeeah...you seem to get my point now. A bit. Second point is, its not us men that started this BS, its feminism who villified men en masse. What response did you expect? Bowing heads in obedience, and listening to new queens of the universe, then doing as told? What about no? Feminism currently only reaps what it sowed.
tested with gmail and my company email. Both received zero emails whatsoever. Nah, I'll not be setting up yet another account for a game. I'll just return the purchase.
Id not say it was a "fucked up" behavior. Looks like reacting and taking back control over situation, or something. Stay safe.
All masculinity is positive, always.
&gt; source that glowed with a blue light for the record - that was the cherenkov radiation. IN AIR. I'd not want to even stand anywhere even remotely near that thing, without some really serious shielding.
"because, dear kids, the state and mommy would have fucked me over, and you along with me".
And hopefully, that change is for the better. Which is extremally rare.
They can, that is correct. But it takes a special kind of person on both sides and A LOT more work than a standard relationship for it to work for all parties involved. Been there, done that, its really not easy. Its way harder than even long distance relationship/marriage (been there too for several years) Most people are not flexible/conscious of their own/partner's emotions/needs enough for that kind of setup, imo.
&gt; wtf is up with sex? Why is everybody so into it? It’s just sex and body touching. for many its a basic need / expectation without which, they will just not feel good in a relationship.
Yes, it takes two. If a man did not consent to that child, its not his child, because it came to be only because her single-sided choice. Thus, she should have no right to support from that man, nor state - ever. State and men are not her pocket change generators.
why would you expect someone to pay if they didnt consent in the first place ?
&gt; It does seem that women are more favored in child custody cases, but if you read about family law, law can be forced to change as to suit us. Feminists shown that to be true, and effective.
&gt; They have to survive they do?
&gt; She has also said she would not expect her ex to support a new child. unless she changes her mind later, lol
&gt; many women say they have no penis, thus no right to opinion anyway. Why should we care what they say in the matter? And what if my sons turns out to be gay, later on? Female opinion has no value here, one way or another. But how he'd react to his father mutilating his dick because of opinion of someone he's not even attracted to?
he's a dead idtiot.
&gt; I'm sensitive and lonely myself, I've never found anyone so accepting of my faults toxic relationships often stem from that imbalance of power / need in relationships. &gt; I think I am certainly at risk of being manipulated. Its a woman and a feminist we are talking about - that is a 100% certainty, not a risk.
she is a feminist. He will be dating her ideology, we can bet on that. Especially if that turns into something long-term.
No such thing as "fair debate". You dont fight to be fair. You fight to win.
Shes a feminist. To her, science and facts are sexism anyway lol
To reduce prison overcrowding, kill more criminals.
Drugs posession is far from harmless.
&gt; particular set of knowledge and experience ...has exactly zero value, since it just applies to you / your brain chamistry aka feelings.
&gt; Lived experience is important to you. Unless you can show evidence how is that going to change legal discrimination of men, for example - otherwise its something that has no value. What you think/feel something is, is often not what it really is.
&gt; First of all, having emotionally/intellectually strong women (a goal of feminism) leads to deeper and rewarding relationships rewarding to men? or solely rewarding to women? :) My experience says - the latter. There's nothing there for us.
TBH, females should not tell us what they want us to be like. Masculinity is for us, not for them.
&gt; First, Of course there is something wrong with being socially dominant! for women, maybe. But masculinity is not for women. Its for men. &gt; Cooperation is what is mutually pleasing for most people Its less profitable tho. Sorry, im not sacrificing my profit (whatever it might be) for your "nice society".
&gt; So the socialization of boys has over the long term been beneficial Beneficial for those boys, or for women?
&gt; . It’s not typically women who attack people for rejecting them. physically, maybe not. Emotionally / socially (by the way of coercion / threats) - I'd beg to differ.
&gt; Nope, it's me stating a fact. &gt; That's how possibilities work. Facts are not "possibilities". Facts are something that was already verified with evidence, beyond reasonable doubt. You expressing that he "might have been violent" is just victim blaming. &gt; If the picture was of a woman who was injured, there would be the possibility that she had been violent too. this is a non-issue. We are not talking about some hypothetical woman.
Possibility is also, that she deserved it, in that case. And we could go on and on, and all this is total bullshit.
And how is female being strong/empowered help her partner? That is not what helps him. What helps is her not being toxic/entitled/self-centered.
Yep. You get what feminism had sown. Why wolud someone, that your feminsm branded as villian, now work with you? Because you want? :) Well I dont see any my profit from that.
Frankly? Im not asking for anything. I manage very well on my own, as a single guy, just as well. Each and every goal I could have, I can acomplish while single. And this includes having a child - I can go one country over and either adopt as a single dad, or pay a surrogate mom and have a biological child. Ill even will be given support from the state, tho I dont really need it tbh. Emotional support? Ive got few great male friends. Dont even start on sex, thats easy as tapping an app these days...especially for us bi guys. Finances? No contest... So... women dont really have anything to offer, that we men MUST get from them and them alone, by building a relationship/marriage with them. Welcome to equality you wanted I guess.
and you are not a single parent
what did she shed, tho? pubic hair ? :&gt;
whats wrong with having something exclusive for men? Women have lots of that tbh.
&gt; If men think that the way to address workplace sexual harassment yeeeeah. Its obviously not about men wanting to avoid false accusers. Its about whoooomen. LOL
&gt; Um I though that women were so smart, resourceful, independent , motivated they might be that, true. But they are also unwilling to make an effort.
nor at once...
well, it can store A LOT of fluid.
&gt; Vs. Lying to someone. Telling them you want a serious relationship, that you love them or whatever. JUST to get in their pants. or, you know, she was just not good enough as a partner, and she did not get thru trial/beginning stage. We dont have to tell you that we are testing you and Im sure you do realise that what you say/do does affect your chances of being dumped.
&gt; The world is one, false &gt; the human kind is one also false Not after feminism.
as usual...nothing but empty words and unverifiable feelings.
he might have had family, but doing what he did is still a sign of a moron.
"rocket"
&gt; In a perfect world, she would be arrested for filing a false report in a perfect world, she'd be beaten down into the ground for such suggestions. Pain is a great teacher.
&gt; He antagonized her nope. SHE acted provocative, and he acted accordingly. In normal times, that woman would be dead on the ground for defaming his good name.
Often its actually family included, too
r/canitfuckandeatme
Repetitive Strain Injury
well, consciousness is a byproduct of certain parts of your brain existing AND functioning correctly. That does not happen after you die, so no consciousness is possible.
Not possible in real life. Even if your suit will hold, inertia will kill you.
vacuum cleaner. No, seriously. Just suck the motherfucker into oblivion. Also works well for annoying midnight flies buzzing around.
Shireen, no contest.
the only problem with that is, it would require prohibitely strong fields for anything with more range than few meters.
&gt; A woman claiming Bob raped her will be stigmatized even before a paperwork is ever touched law is not about women. Law is about just and true resolution of cases.
She didnt prove it as true, therefore its false. If we allow middle ground, we breed false accusers which is not acceptable.
So, its ok to give mom a non-biological child after birth and tell her its hers? I want my kid to have my genes. Im not consenting to another outcome. If you dont like that, we are not compatible as partners, sorry. Im not into cuckolding, and I dont want to be adoptive parent because reasons.
Not his kids, not his problem. Kids should talk to mom, and find oit who their dad really is. Its solely on her.
If they turned out they were not mine? Yes. Its not suddenly not mine. They were never mine to begin with. Dont expect us men to sacrifice for "society". We are not sacrificial lambs.
Well too bad. Talk to mommy whe she fucked you up so much maybe, by lying to that guy? Its solely on her.
So, if a woman gets to leave the hospital with not her child, its not a problem, right? Right?
warden's dick. Grilled. With french fries.
You do you. We men like to consent to what is done to us, beforehand. If you dont give us that option, expect us to leave. We are not your tools. Also, I can very well see woman abandoning her children. They do way more than that, up to and including murdering their children because mommy had improper feelings. Or because mommys partner wanted a divorce. Or many other fucked up things. And thats against her biological children, so why would non-bio child fare otherwise ? Women are not exactly angels, no matter what feminism had led you to belive.
and usually, its not their own money too
lol, with "toxic masculinity" debilism on the forefront. how unsurprising.
no expensive ring? cool, i'll just get myself that expensive DSLR rig, lol.
Maybe for you its just social. For some of us it goes deeper than that and we will not sacrifice genetics, sorry.
&gt; Women supporters are absolutely vital for our movement useful. not vital tho.
if you are not using protection, pretty much ... yes ?
We do. Shame that when we do anything about it, feminists are there to protest / shout us down because what we do, doesnt unilaterally benefit women.
alternatively, society / women first encourage us men to open up, then does a 180 turn and fucks us over just because of us opening up to them, in various ways. Women dont want sensitive men, that have their feelings and open up about them. They want men who are sensitive to that womans emotions. They might say otherwise, but its what they DO that speaks otherwise. Removal of sexual interaction is very often a result of a man opening up to a woman, for example - he just "stops being attractive to her".
opposite SEX, not gender. They are not equivalent.
Im in a basement floor of a new building, so...im dead by being buried alive. Ooops.
That would depend on how big/intensive your flash is XD
Apart from alpha, beta, and gamma radiation you can also encounter neutron radiation. Which means a stream of energetic neutrons that can both damage molecules, AND have a potential to transmute atoms into their radioactive isotope that will, sooner or later, decay and relase another dose of radiation of some kind. They can also cause some materials to become brittle by damaging some of atoms ( neutron activation leading to decay, leaving either an open space or another atom in its place, with different qualities) in the crystalline structure (thus, creating weakspots) - this is called neutron embrittlement.
...and when you try to use that xondom, expect to be slapped with "what, DONT YOU TRUST ME?" spiel. You can also expect your partner fishing the condom out of trash can to stuff herself full of its content (yes, does happen. Noz we have no legal defence against this) As for testing, it should be 100% mandatory thru cortocentesis, before the child is born so that the father can make his informed decision to stay or leave. Its just fair. Remember - we might consent to sex with you, but it does not mean consenting to having a child with you. Your unilateral decision to continue pregnancy can not result in his assets, money, or time being used for your benefit, unless he consents, continously, to that.
Still, that disability / social help comes from taxes. Which means someone's money. So technically, that part is correct.
&gt; Drug companies are beyond greedy!! yeah, you should really check how much does it cost in money/time/effort to put a single new drug on market. If they dont recoup the cost, there will be NO new drugs coming, you do realise that?
they were also expensive to R&amp;D and manufacture. How is the company going to recoup the cost, and actually make a profit so they can continue both their work, and actually get paid for their work?
tasty dingdongs? Now hold on there, Ramsay Bolton...
so, enough to get to the sperm bank to sell a batch, then?
well, its the person who cheated you should shame, not the victim. Anger is good. It enables us to have easier time damaging our enemies, for example.
is that the guy that got convicted of raping a drunk girl while also being drunk himself, while they had sex publicly, or something? Or is my memory incorrect? cant check right now.
maybe the crack murdered more cancer cells here, than healthy ones?
and sometimes, teeth
teeth are a shitty design anyway ;&gt; now, implants...
&gt; sliding the floss between the gum and the tooth! while I dont see this as painfull...fuck, NO. Just no. Maybe Ive got fobia on that, but NO, fuck, NO. Just NO. Putting anything between tooth and the gum is just so abhorrent in some way T_T like, mentally unpleasant. WTF... Its on a level of needle into my eye. Just NO. O_o
Good sex
Well, if thats your thing, so be it!
Airline will gladly fuck you over on ticket prices
Well, he has experience. He already fucked half the continent
&gt; my Dads career and he immensely benefitted from that. She enabled him to grow his career, raise a family, take care of his property. and a past tense is well applied here. She also benefited from that, while the marriage lasted. Continued support for her will not yield anything for him after divorce, therefore should not apply - as nothing should only work one way.
Meh, even fast ICBMs take about half hour of travel globally. Several minutes for submarine launched intermediate range missiles, provided their target is close.
unlimited ammo, meh. Do you have a proper power source? Gatlings usually need an electric power source, they are not gas operated.
100 female lions. In heat. And a rifle. That will keep them busy.
4chan. Just to piss them off more, and lets see what happens.
thats because not just everyone has paranoia.
meh. If you have stragglers in your fireteam, they will just get picked off first, lol. Bad for them.
right? Im partially disabled and I could pass that "test", lol.
Houston, we have soo many problems...XD
feminists usually are unwilling to think that deeply.
Well, if someone can be "upset", why cant we? Because you have a problem with that? If you do, well, you know where the doors out are located, lol.
Its not for them to decide what we read, lol. And we should read whats most profitable to us.
Her luggage is not my problem, lol. She's a big adult now, she can handle it. If she cant, maybe she should have think before packing up so much stuff, that she cant lift it? Anyway, her problems are her own to handle by herself. Thats what adults do.
&gt; Watching a woman struggle without helping is withholding help. Protip: being helped is not free. Not after feminism, lol. Bye. &gt; I joined because my husband ... So? In other words....you are threatning to unsub because you are not getting your way. LOL. Grow up. Noone will do your bidding just because YOU WHAAAANT. protip: "I whaaants" end up at age three to five years old.
Dont. She might have the body, but she's crazy. Consider yourself warned.
iirc they are profitable right now, yeah. There is also a big push towards space industrialisation (i.e. asteroid mining and orbital manufacturing), so this could turn into another direct profit / contract source for them. Also - potential for traffic for future commercial space stations (iirc, bigelow areospace has something planned).
yeah, often the sound is either recorded separatelly, or a directional microfone is used.
&gt; There are some documentaries that also occasionally show the cameraman filming the animals, where you can see how they did it. also, A LOT of tutorial content on youtube. Just search for wildlife photography tips, and binge watch :3
Both gun ranges, and penetration of modern rounds vastly outperform any WW2 counterparts. Not to mention target detection/acquisition. Modern tank can fire while moving, with near-pinpoint accuracy, out to several kilometers. With target detection and targeting taking literal seconds, under any weather conditions. With said weather being automatically taken into account while pointing the gun at target. And most of their antiarmor ammo would go right through a WW2 tank. Sometimes through more than one WW2 tank. Then there are the tank-launched ATGMs...which are even MORE deadly, while also being fire and forget guidance, so your poor WW2 tank is definetly not driving away. All the while, having warheads that can tear that tank to pieces instead of making - small in comparison - holes in them. While also being all-weather kill capable. Thats one side of the story. On the other hand, modern armor can go up to several tens of centimeters of rolled homogenous steel plate equivalent, and thats before any reactive armor system, or hard-kill antiprojectile defence systems (like Israeli Merkava 4's Trophy) that will literally shoot any incoming rounds/AT missiles down, on their own. While also (in case of said Trophy system) giving you automatic targeting solution on the shooter, in case you'd like to kill them. So yeah, old tanks would have...a hard time. They could achieve a mission kill on a modern tank, possibly - by damaging their drive wheels / tracks for example, with a high explosive shell, from a concealed ambush. But that would probably be the last thing their crews did before death. Thats assuming their thermal signature didnt give their position away from 8+ kilometers ;) edit: in other words, tldr: modern tank is nearly omnipotent next to its WW2 counterpart.
It is literally the same.
Yeah, and sometimes its an artificial floating swan :D ots all nice until a real one tries to scare you away, or mate with you, lol
&gt; it would be engaging the older tanks from a range where they couldn't even hope to fight back. more likely, it would be engaging them effectivelly from way beyond their detection/id range.
Hopefully, all-female mission will fail in some spectacular manner
error: erroneous error.
&gt; A huge percentage of girls have been sexually assaulted if you twist the terms enough, even looking at a woman is rape to some of them. So, yeah...credibility of statistics, nowadays, is sometimes...dubious. Especially of those that were made by feminist organisations that literally make a profit from spinning the apropriate tale. Throw money on the problem, and someone will make sure that the problem will remain. In some way.
Coming forward means nothing without verifiable evidence that is separate from words of accusation.
I do understand too. I just care more about us men, than about women. At least, men really do appreciate if you care, usually, instead of telling you that you are a rapist because you were born with improper set of genitals lol. Yeah, thats a blanket statements. But if women are allowed to throw them, so must we be allowed to. If they feel bad...well, bad for them, but its just acceptable collateral damage.
how much stackoverflow.com we use when we code stuff, lol
yeah, im taking a day off, tyvm.
in a prison pocket, obviously.
tits for tats? tats on tits?
That. More elements, specialised glass, and lens coating all play part in image quality.
tbh, some men are pushed into that suppression from infancy onwards, usually by mothers. Then you can add female partners wanting them to be sensitive to just their emotions, but not have emotions / be stoic by themselves because "you are not a man otherwise". Practice that on a person for first few decades of their lives, and that is what you will usually get: someone who bottles up by default.
often its because they were forced into being a parent by the way of "happy little accident" orchestrated by mom. For example. And, while women have a legal way out of such situations, men have none. So they run away to keep their sanity and have a chance at life they need and want, instead of life that a woman built for them, for her own goals and wants.
&gt; but everyone likes to talk about helping people without actually doing anything. this is because if you throw enough money on the problem, someone will make sure that the problem will remain.
thats the point. They have their brain wired the wrong way, so that the kids are actually attractive. Noone can change that. Many do not act on that urge, some go as far as to willingly undergo chemical castration. And some just give in.
from fast skimming through the wall of text: first its "Ready for round 2?", then its "i didnt want it"? Then why did she escalate instead of de-escalating / removing herself from the situation? At best, she is detached from reality / not using her brain. At worst, she is setting someone for false rape accusation. One way or another, she is in the wrong, not him. She has as much power of decision as he does. She must communicate truth and reality, and she does exact opposite. If she expects someone to be a magician and read her "mind" and "feelings", she should go into psychiatric evaluation, really.
protip: RUN.
chances are, its you who is thinking that their relationship is good for them. Usually people cheat because some part of relationship is either gone, or not giving them what they need - and the partner just does not care about that.
thats your choice and your consent - which is what it boils down to. Other men have a right to NOT consent to that - no matter why. Maybe she is just not good enough to be a mother of my child? I expect the right to not have a child if she fails with her pill or maliciously pushes me into parenthood I dont want. The fact that we consent to sex, does not mean that we consent to a child. Just like women have options here - we must have them too (alternativelly, all legal options for women must be removed, no matter the cost). Equality. Without exceptions. I only want the same exact rights that women have as far as not being a parent. Especially that money runs the world, and my wallet must be considered my castle, without fail.
Those have nothing to do with masculinity. That term is just insincere. Also - if an attitude is good and profitable for a man at any given moment, its not toxic.
They are useful to have sometimes. They might be bad for women, but its not our problem.
so turns the circle of life
you mean God-Empress of the Imperium of Man, surely?
also goofy: my dog is same species as me
We rot.
Except, if she is not my SO, then her feelings are not quite my problem, especially if she provides nothing equal in return.
It lends nothing..its not evidence of those specyfic events in any way.
that depends. Classic radiotherapy usually does not discriminate - hence all the side effects known as mild form of acute radiation poisoning: fatigue, nausea, immunologic issues, GI tract issues, hair loss. New generation systems, like the gamma knife, use several precisely aimed beams, which by themselves are too low-power to cause damage, but combined in one spot (where their target is) are enough to kill the targeted cells. Some surgical radiotherapies (like radiobeads insertion) rely on short range emission isotopes (i.e. beta or alpha emmiters) that are put into the tumor mass and radiate away into it, without damaging cells that are far enough to not feel the efect (as alpha and beta particles are powerfull, but lack penetration range in the body - to the point that alpha emmiter can be held safely in your hand, provided there's no skin damage of the surfaces that touch it.)
She does not have same perspective as men do. She does not have same modus operandi. Its enough for me not to allow her to speak for me. Only I speak for myself, not someone else on maaaaybe my behalf...or not.
Yep. We have given a lot, and giving anything for free was mistake. But that was to be expected, seeing as its women that usually raise children - perhaps that should just be changed?
easy way out - dont be a good guy. She can handle her own life. If she cant...too bad, but she's expendable.
so, we are privileged, or oppressed? which one is that, lol?
It is his inherent right to decide what to disclose about himself, when, and to whom. She was just not trustworthy / good enough to be given access to such intimate information, obviously.
She is not entitled to such intimate information just because. Its his sole right to give her only as much information as it suits his goals/needs.
Fuel rods are NOT depleted uranium, tho. They have still very high activity from the uranium, and an extremally high activity from decay / chain reaction byproducts. The latter are THE real hazard from spent fuel, as they are usually both high energetic, and high decay rate isotopes, and some of them are bioactive too (meaning they are chemical analogs to elements used by your body to build itself. For example, Caesium will be treated as Calcium, and will be permanently deposited into your bones).
&gt; These boys even helped me change a flat tire on my car because they felt it was useful to know how. those kids are going to do well in life.
Tbh, sometimes its an acceptable and good thing to do. If only to spare future potential partner from getting fucked over by a toxic female.
Real feminist feminity in a nutshell, lol. Thy name is double standards...
If you are never really punished, everything seems ok to do/say ;)
Nope. We should encourage men to a) find a way to be whole again and b) find a way to legally destroy the lives of the people responsible.
Go pay for it yourself, then, and leave my money alone. They are mine, not "society's".
Its not being in denial. Its called "lying and manipulating". Female in a nutshell lol
Is it profitable for us men to have you not destroyed, tho? Now, or in the future? Sorry, this is about the same as feminism does to us. I dont see why I should not respond with a diplomatic rule of equal response, or even general diplomacy (aka you can be either a tool or an enemy, not an ally) ?
&gt; So still a rude overreaction, but not assault or battery this changes things ;)
&gt; The hellfire missile, as well as the some types of guided bomb, are guided with laser beam riding To be exact: most of versions of said missile are laser beam guided. There is also a milimeter radar designator guided version - the AGM-114L - for the AH-64D Longbow Apache.
Nothing, apart from the fact that the IR signature homing is not the laser beam homing. But, such systems do exist, like the soviet/russian Ispanka or NATOs Loral AN/ALQ-144
so much this. There was a nice showcase of that some time ago - where a known terrorist got a JDAM (a GPS guided bomb) on their head, due to posting a social media photo. Seems innocent? Not really. He had EXIF metadata in the image (as many cameras do). And sometimes, those data include GPS coordinates of the place where picture was taken.
yeah, there is not much of a counter to the good old CCIP sight. Apart from a nearby SAM launcher or three, that is.
or just use an active protection system on the vehicle, like the Israeli Merkava MK4 tank's Trophy. And shoot the missile down, half a second from impact.
&gt; A near miss in A2A combat does absolutely nothing Incorrect. There's a reason why virtually all current antiaircraft systems use directed fragmentation warheads and proxy fusing, and have kill radius in tens / hundred meters or so. As for AAAs, its quite hard to miss when you have radar guidance for your cannons.
it does not focus "on the target" when laser beam riding. It focuses on the designator signal reflection that is projected on/near the target by either launcher entity, or 3rd party.
way too time/effort intensive. Desalination means you evaporate and recondense the water. Doing that is not exactly something you have place/energy/time when you are firefighting from an aircraft.
&gt; uranium pellets of high u-235 concentration were accidentally set off by nuclear scientists in 2 different occasions, that is not exactly correct as far as "pellets" word goes. One of incidents that you are speaking about the Harry Daghlian's criticality event, which used, basically, an unshielded nuclear component of a weapon, and the guy in question was putting it in a near-critical configuration by hand (with basically zero safety measures/margin) - by stacking tungsten carbide bricks around it. Tungsten carbide is a neutron reflection, and was basically causing/propagating the nuclear chain reaction by reflecting any neutrons escaping the core back inside. Scientist made an error that resulted in him dropping one of blocks on the core when it was already in a prompt critical configuration, and that resulted in a massive radiological event. Second event was Louis Slotin's - this guy on the other hand was enclosing similar nuclear core in a beryllium (also a neutron reflector) shell. And he was using a screwdriver for maneuvering one of pieces, which slipped - again, creating a prompt critical configuration and radiation excursion. Both items that happened to be used there were FAR from being nuclear reactor fuel pellets. The fuel is enriched, usually, to 3-5% of U235 content. Weapon-grade uranium is &gt;98% U235 enrichment.
yeah, natural childbirth is one of things that prove that even if we are someone's grand project, it is certain that said project is not an inteligent one.
yeah, both the kid itself, and mothers body function squezee out basically anything that is possible to squeeze out, if its in the way. And both bladder, and bovels are in the way to an extent.
most reactors are not CANDUs, tho, and usually use 3-5% U235 enriched fuel.
&gt; They were able to develop a delivery system at the cost of a couple photo ops. ...and most of their society living way below the poverty/starvation line.
tbh, same can be told about women, since men are usually less happy when married, compared to before marriage ;)
War is never without a reason.
If a female user shits on him, yes its woman's fault. You know why men think that talking about how they feel makes them weak? Because women, that they talk to, put them down and stop respecting them, and show that both in word, and in acting. Men dont imagine and "feel" things, we react to reality of.women beha ing as they do. And negative female reactions are almost universal, in one way or another. If you want men to universally open up, then be, by yourself, good enough for that to happen - good enough by our, male, standards. For you, sex works like emotions work for us - not always, and not just to everyone...and certainly not because that someone EXPECTS us to.
You can think you know her, but she will still do a 180 and fuck you over if it starts being profitable for her to do so. Protip: women change over time. Women also have no problem with using someone's intimate confession to her, against them - female morality is always through a looking glass of her profit, and you will always hear a hundred reasons as to "why". So, why bother? :)
Tbh, they dont consider men as people.
Of course it depends, but no singular female is worth any risk, or too much of work. Men can be as happy in a relationship, as they can be while single tbh, and we dont have to be needy either. Tldr: feelings are only rarely worth any hassle, and vagina is never worth any hassle.
It was never about equal rights. It was always about same rights without taking on same expectations, risks, or burden. Not nearly the same.
Its not inability. Its a lack of good will. If you have an ability to influence criminal law with mass demonstrations, you have an ability to self-police.
Lol, religion. Such a worthless thing.
Being drunk does not exactly turn your strength down. Yeah, I can imagine that above being possible, easily.
That is not even remotelly correct. Source: am biology major.
Trans or cis, its still a man. Why shouldnt he be allowed to speak here?
Im 40. Try to take my factorio from me, and I'll feed you to my precious little logistic bots.
When I was like 7-8 years old, I was pretty certain that a girls vagina is at the front (i.e. where the base of my penis is) and goes horizontally towards her back and butt, instead of vertically bottom towards the top. Friend of mine, on top of that, was also certain that girls clit is her belly button. \#badFemaleAnatomy
1) try to contact guard VHF 121.5 mhz 2) if on airliner, you will most probably be told to use autopilot settings panel (and ILS) more than anything.
as a guy... OUCH.
at first, I have read that at "scheissenwischer". Sorry.
Shoot a sheriff. Not the deputy, tho.
its still non-consensual removal of a child's body part with no medical need in 99,9% of the cases. But in today's world men have no right to not consent.
Yes. Datalinks are used to combine multiple information aources. Be it radar, ground based target designation by the infantry, or other. In many cases, you dont even have to turn your own radar on to launch your missile.
Re: IFF system, it is checked by launcher aircraft systems, not the missile itself. Missile is still able to home in on incorrect signature if unlucky, thats why you dont just launch when you have a friendly behind / close to your target. This is even more potentially problematic with active radar homing systems, since they have their own onboard radar and are able to pick the same target you pick and track it by themselves - and you can also launch those without employing your own initial radar lock designation of the target - "Maddog" NATO radio brevity code is issued just for that kind of situation. Missile, in that case, will generally just pick first target it sees, no matter friendly or not. edit: also, with radar designation, you still check with your friendlies after designating, even if IFF says unknown/enemy. Transponders can fail, codes can be entered wrong. But your wingman calling buddy spike means you might have just locked him instead of your target, if they are close to each other re: bearing/altitude.
&gt; Your penis still works rather than your entire labia and clit removed. and that gives you right not to seek my conscious, affirmative consent, exactly, how ?
there's no "but". There was no consent, period. No cutting should be performed, unless there is a verified medical NEED which cannot be resolved otherwise. Doing such things because "god" said so (which, frankly, does not exist - and its usually the same for FGM which is banned) or because its "tradition" (so is FGM, really, yet its banned) - that is just atrocity. Its not a question of "what is being done", its a question of "wheter male in question consented to a sexuality altering procedure that is being done because mommy or daddy had feeeeeeels as to how a normal penis should look like".
&gt; Do you honestly think this girl had consensual sex with 12 men in one night? protip: women sometimes do like group sex, too. Might not be in this exact event, but yeah - happens. So I dont find it impossible. You really cannot tell what she is into based on anything like looks.
&gt; Can you agree that there is a difference between broken bone and black eye? Everything is relative nowadays.
Nope. If we are forced to be drafted in order to have a PRIVILEGE of voting, women should be forcibly drafted all the same. If you draft by physical ability, 99,9% of women will not be drafted and you perpetuate double standard.
Thats exactly why, where I live, you are taught that if you get sexually assaulted, first thing you do is go to a hospital to get a rape kit testing done and evidence gathered from your body. BEFORE any shower etc. On the other side of the spectrum - going with just a word of accusation, years down the line = knowing that no verifiable evidence exists anymore.
Nope. Emotional distress can still be verified, at least sometimes. Its way better than nothing.
guys, dont have sex just to have it.
thats what happens when women dont really get penalised for pulling that kind of BS.
this is where her face gets hit, tbh. - this solves much of such problems.
Black is also better for not being visible at night, and that is when most missions of that aircraft will take place.
If you tend to freely discuss stuff that you are not permitted to relase, you tend to quickly loose your clearance. Most of such information is relased on a need-to-know basis.
2 months is nothing. Try 6-7 months of mandatory bed-ridden life, if your pregnancy is high-risk enough, early enough.
you can look on the first one, and understand why the second one is not keen on trusting women ;) tbh.
being fat is not healthy, unlike not being some arbitrary height. Why would I want a partner that is unhealthy (and does not do anything about it) is beyond me.
yep. Societal (and feminist especially) push for men not to be allowed to have ANY standards - is insane.
all feminism was like that. Sufragettes were known for arson, among other things. Worthless, criminal movement.
still, it happens. Up to and including laws drafted against us sitting how we want. If you dont activelly do work against such things, you are just as guilty :)
How about letting THEM decide that? The guy in question, not you for them?
there's a reason why all period panties have a dark color.
...and then you get one entitled radfem that calls police just because a guy came to the toilet while she was there. Men dont want that either.
as a guy, I cant see how it is liberating to be told how to dress, but well...if they claim it liberates them...I will not mansplain otherwise :P :&gt;
handgun, or a shoulder fired one?
also, discharging a firearm in tight indoor setting without ear protection AND hearing things afterwards.
noise of military stuff in general. In "Behind the enemy lines" one of characters is standing next to a launching SAM missile (well, looks like 20-30 meters away). He does not even squint due to noise, can hear things afterwards. But, at least its a terminal defence system and he's way out of launch exhaust plume...and not in back blast zone.
apart from Napoleon Dynamite
And then she can claim that she no longer consented at some point, thus it is indeed rape. Why do you want us to take such risk? We can just pay a proffesional for sex, less risky, lol.
This works untill we get divorced because we were not spontaneus in bed :)
More like, its time to end giving women anything just because they want.
Women change drastically and often. They also chqnge after getting married to men. Now what?
Meh. Im saying that person we married could have been right then, but still can fuck us over in regards to topic of the discussion in this thread. Relationship is not safety anymore. Neither is trust. Laws that are passed are safety.
Yeah. Gender quotas for miners, when?
at least not because thats' where dirty utensils go.
&gt; these guys are desperate to relate to others, they just can't since they're rich and privileged, and so they hate everyone instead ...yeaaaah, I dont think you understand that some people, like religious ones, are just malicious. Religion is the purest form of hate.
statistics say its possible, but that does not mean that there is a mechanism that causes it.
yeah, but feminists cry so there is not much of a progress.
&gt; Because men don't understand what the feeling of growing a literal human life in your body for 9+ months is like. and you do not understand that paternity is not about that, really. But, let me guess, you are female... &gt; Then you have a baby and are sent back to work a few weeks later. as it should be. I mean, you dont HAVE to go back, but your employer should have right to find someone to replace you - you are not entitled to fucking up someone's profit because your baby.
we are taught from a small kid to control ourselves. Unlike women, which is why they behave like they do. We have hormones too - testosterone. Guess what it does...aggresion, among other things. If we didnt control ourselves to the extent seen in an average woman, world would not be so calm, belive you me.
Should be attempted murder charges, and jail. But she has a vagina so...
Women - led aka "worthless, avoid" sign for me :)
&gt; But with a guy? He does not have to go through any of that. so, fathers dont need to get to know their child? Mommy's enough unless its time to pay the bill? &gt; The employer will not get a productive worker Then the employer will find someone that is productive, instead of her. You are not entitled to your job if you dont do the job properly.
Nope. Im not a sex toy.
I did my ex. She was fucked up, but good in the sack. That counts?
you get what you give, usually, lol.
Its a woman. Do not expect anything to be seen by her in other way than what she thinks is good for her.
Welcome to feminism, enjoy your stay. Unless you are male.
Law is what statistics are based upon.
Everything has consequences forever.
proper savagery is proper :)
but is that outcome of a proper social study, or what you think it is?
tbh, US and CIA did this to themselves will all the fuckups they did ;) no wonder they are not exactly trusted now. It only takes one single fail of such player for trust to end.
tbh, as eastern european - even if Putin appears pissed of, he's not. You will not find more calculated / evil person. I mean, he's literally criminal with all his deeds through history, both internally and internationally. He's ex KGB. He does not get pissed off or angry. He's just doing realpolitik to the extreme. &gt; He took Eastern Ukraine to control the Oil and Gas into Europe. no control there. Now, Gazprom's new stuff, like the nordstream gas line - yeah. That's control.
Damn. Poor fish. All the aquariums are gone now.
and your crewmen
Weeeelll, technically, there is something called over-the-horizon / ionospheric radar. That bounces the beam off ionosphere, basically, so you have some degree of detection beyond the LOS. They are usually used for strategic early warning only tho, because of energy expenditure, size, and comparatively little accuracy. And yeah, line of sight is one of reasons for early warning / radar aircraft. Another is the fact that radars on fighter aircraft are usually only pointing in the direction of flight. A sensor placed on remote aircraft can either provide information through radio information from its operator, or directly feed data into that fighter's targeting systems (provided both aircraft have an apropriate datalink installed) -thus giving way better situational awareness / targeting envelope capacity.
...yeah, you should keep conspiracy theories to conspiracy subreddits. There's a very good reason as to why drug/therapy testing takes literal DECADES: noone wants yet another Talidomide bs to hit the market and damage people. Now, do you know what Talidomide was? It was really, a great drug. The problem was, its testing was flawed (tho it was OK according to standards which were then in place!) and they did not test against certain group of patients - pregnant women, and specifically the children they carried. This resulted in those kids being born without arm, leg, or the kid got to live as a head and a torso with hands and feet sticking out of shoulder, and so on. In other words, Talidomide was EXTREMALLY damaging to the fetus. Literally noone wants that to happen again, norms and procedures are now extremally tight and control groups are required to be quite large. Which, for some rare cancers can be problematic if you need to test i.e. 100 thousand people, and you get 100 cases per year...worldwide - out of which maybe half will be viable medically for testing, out of which maybe a quarter will consent to testing being carried out on them. Guess how long will it take to test any given drug for that singular cancer type, then? And then, once you took your time, it might very well prove that,for example, side effects are statistically unacceptable and all the work/effort/cost, over last 10-15-20 years, is basically a 100% loss. And then you look for another drug/therapy, and test from scratch, and so the wheel turns here.
Point 4 is totally not true. Men dont even get right to decide on being fathers. If they dont conent, they are forced. And thats just one of many examples. FFS, raped boys get forced to pay support, and you call it ok? But I guess its ok to tell us to "man up" lol.
...well, at least he didnt watch Snatch, so no piggies were involved in the process o_O
&gt; There isn't a single tribe we know of that wouldn't have some kind of religion thats because of fear of unknown leading to generating something "so-so known" to fill the void, instead of the harder way of Science.
yep. Gods came to be when a malicious man first met a stupid one.
that "who" is statistics and quantum physics, really. If someone is activelly trying to push "god" into reality, they are just a fundamentalist.
why would someone want to reconcile with a being that literally murdered the entire world with flood, is a bit beyond me, but then again, im not religious.
She is not entitled to him not fucking someone else. Whatever he did earlier does not mean she gets to play vigilante. There is only one proper court sentence for her, that being death sentence.
You mistake them being malicious as being just stupid.
Greta never had any practical sense. She is a little kid with psychiatric grade problem, given voice that she should not be given. Nothing else.
which cancer? Because there are about two hundred MAIN types of that disease class...notice I said "main".
not much. There's so much safeties involved that you will not get any nuclear output / yield if you detonate one improperly. That includes i.e. acceleromaters control that you get proper sequence of proper g loads before arming. Add to it the fact that conventional explosive used is non-sensitive (meaning that it will NOT detonate unless very specific trigger comes, i.e. proper electric pulse. Fire, for example, is not a trigger for them - they will just melt or slowly burn), and you need an extremally exact and controlled detonation to, again, get any nuclear yield...you get the point.
More like few years, given that artificial uterus is already in animal testing stage ;)
&gt; treats me with love tbh, thread was about sexual attraction, not love...
Yep. Its also not a crime for HER to do that. If a man does it, its legally said to be rape. Equality in a criminal court of law, feminism edition, lol
I can very well imagine that: US had a case where a young teenage boy is now forced to pay support to mom of his kid. Mom that was few decades older than him, and literally raped him and got pregnant from the act. Because well, men are to provide, without fail, no matter what.
Factorio, because factory must grow still.
&gt; Toxic masculinity harms men and boys the most. no such thing as toxic masculinity. Its feminist society being toxic to men.
&gt; Who decide what's manly? Men every Man decides what is manly for him. "society" (and especially women) has no right to opinion on the matter. &gt; Who hold men to unrealistic standards of masculinity? Women, feminists in particular in many cases/topics. &gt; Who emasculate and bully men when they display emotions? Women - who often want men not to display emotions, but do that only when, if, and in a way that suits that woman in any given moment. &gt; I understand it's easier to villainize women than accept your own gender's self-destruction yeah, go talk to feminists on "all men are rapists" of theirs. Or dhe Duluth model. There are many good reasons why a female must not be trusted.
many calls will be made then, thats for sure.
how about if done for free?
&gt; people my age (30) have kids! just remember, that they are just winging it too! ...which is scary.
well, at least he stayed in his own age group...
&gt; Though I am very much in control of my life and behaviours. So are most men. Unfortunately, we are still treated as "potential criminal" just because woman feels that we technically could. Its insulting at best, and life-destroying at worst.
&gt; My body feels warmer. iirc testosterone affects metabolism speed too, a bit. higher metabolism will raise your temperature. IM not sure how much of a dose is used in transitioning, but assuming its high enough to cause going through puberty, it could be a factor. &gt; I can see how men easily make up the majority of prisoners. Though I am very much in control of my life and behaviours. that part is more in your head, tho. Most criminals are pushed into crime by society, not by their emotional side. Especially that we cis men are taught from the beginning to always, always, always be in control. And ostracized if we do not (and that part, women usually never experience, quite the opposite - their emotions are celebrated no matter what and why)
With most women I know, in essence excluding my wife MOSTLY - seeing their reactions to other men opening up, and hearing their comments - I dont even think about not keeping emotions in check. I'll be fucked if I do, that is quite certain. With most male friends of mine, I know I can open up easily about anything, really.
&gt; It's so hard. Practice makes perfect, they say ;)
no such thing as "fringe". If the rest of them do not activelly try and change this, they are enablers. Just as guilty, tbh.
&gt; just didn't care too much about a relationship first. we certainly do care about relationship and emotions. Its just that, to us, those things are like sex is to many women - not for just everyone, not just everything, not just because they want, and not just for free.
lol. how about just properly punishing women that falsely accuse, in the first place? Or proper punishment for paternity scam / lying about birth control to their child-free-declared spouse? Or proper punishment for murder of their own child because sudden "post partum depression" after a birth that took place 10 years earlier (case from my own country - mommy was not punished AT ALL) ? Oh, right, criminal law should only encompass big bad male wolves, not the holy females..../s :P
meh, He3 is overrated. All that hydrolox fuel for rocket engines you could manufacture on site, with that small gravity well to put it into orbit for ships that need refueling, tho...:3
this still needs an amputation of destroyed limb first, tbh ;) unless you want three arms, with one being non-functional...
Yep. A decade or three, and we might be well past the organ harvesting altogether, if all goes well.
It should not be legal unless the patient consents, unless there is a medical reason for it that cannot be resolved in other way. Parent's barbarism aka religion, or esthetics should have no say in the matter.
yeah, evolution did fuck women over on this one, thats for sure.
and the book was first, too. And dont ever belive anyone that says its a book for kids. Never f..ng ever.
Laddish behavior - whatever does not suit her whaaaaants at any given moment.
blink twice if you require an egzorcist to come to your aid...
reality, and that poor accounting (?) guy
or happy if you judge by r/cuckold
Oh, they do acknowledge it. When it suits them, lol
That is exactly what lawyer is for. Protecting his client. End of story. We should always defend someones good name if that person cannot defend himself anymore.
&gt; pretty much the only aspects of "biological sex" that can't be changed are chromosomal sex well, I imagine that someone, sometime, will use CRISPR or similar technique to maybe achieve that, but it will not happen soon.
Time to force women to work more, then. So men can build a bond with THEIR child.
You want as much control over such complicated systems as possible, if only to be able to work through any in-flight emergencies if need arises. And, modern aircraft are quite automated anyway, just compare modern computerized cockpit to one from 1960s. Some aircraft had a separate crew member to just control/oversee the engines and other systems due to super high workload. It is still hard to fly a passenger liner compared to driving a car, bexause you have so many systems there (and often, most important ones are doubled, or quadrupled for safety, too)
&gt; tired then he's not omnipotent.
yep. Why should one be allowed to vote and change the society, if his/her actions are neutral at best, and deterimental at worst? TBH, same should happen with a right to having offspring. Waaaay to many kids are born into toxic, destructive, often malicious families.
yay.
Yep. Thats why I dont bother with signs. Women can just use proper words, in proper spoken language.
Also, sneaker waves. Renisfjara beach in Iceland takes lives constantly, but people still think its a good idea to get close to water there. Dont. Just dont.
&gt; Butt holes are fucking shit this is why you clean up really well before the act.
cars, trees, bridges, fragments of Berlin wall, the Eiffel Tower...
the pilot was proven to actually try and fly the doomed Challenger despite every system failing on him.
launch escape system is there to take the capsule out of harms way before the fireball happens. But there is still a chance of a pressure loss, or them bumping their head the wrong way, etc. and helmet's there to prevent that. Even normal launch is quite the g load, and LES is even worse. Think an ejection seat, but for the whole Dragon capsule + the trunk underneath it.
Challenger ended in deaths preciselly because the shuttle did not have any escape capability in the event of catastrophic launch vehicle failure. While they did have several abort modes, the event happened during a phase where none were available, really - if you watch the recordings, few seconds before explosion there's communication: "Challenger, negative return" meaning that RTLS abort mode is no longer available. RTLS (return to launch site) was basically, if something went wrong with the launch stack early on, they could drop the whole orbiter for it to glide back and land at KSC runway. This stopped being the option due to speed/g loads required for the return maneuvers...which were already close-ish to 20g when performing the return within the abort envelope. And they did not have that automated either, no sensors to check wheter or not the main tank just started to desintegrate itself, so "hey, lets tell the computer to rtls abort".
Its a satellite constellation that is going to provide internet access.
They also recover payload fairings nowadays. But yeah, second stage is lost, as is the trunk.
most games ale totally unrealistic regarding the effects of firearms. have on people and surroundings.
&gt; Low rate of fire well, you can always try to get the Saiga... :V
sand castles on a nearby beach
&gt; hand to hand combat with emphasis on grappling and unarmed versus armed attacker yeeeeeah, you dont know what you are talking about. Watch less movies. protip: melee fight is a straight road to get yourself a real serious injury or death. LEO is not there to "give a balanced, horourable, equal fight" to the criminal. He's there to force them to obey, while not sacrificing his safety or safety of others. If you dont want that, you should have given up when you were nicely asked to do so, or when an order was given to you subsequently.
practically
you really underestimate how malicious a woman can be just for shits and giggles.
&gt; I never said I support circumcision you downplayed the severity of it in men, so a man responded. You shouldnt really be surprised that men act to defend their right to body intergrity and to a sexuality that is not limited by mommy's decision to cut pieces of their body off for petty reasons.
And its not just processor. Everything in the machine is synced to an extent, with it.
That. Also, stack.
yep. We are alike in this regard.
came here to say this.
its a mental and emotional rape to implant any god into child's mind and heart.
any feminism is extremist, by definition. If you are "moderate", you are just a willing enabler.
&gt; extreme people found online I dont think that miss Dvorkin, miss Valerie Solanas, or miss Asata Shakur are "found online". And even those are a mild example of real feminism. What feminists do not understand is, there is no such thing as forgiving ideologies, organisations, or enemies. It literally never ends well for those who do forgive. &gt; Broadly speaking, feminism as a movement aims to change the systemic issues that keep women from the liberties they deserve you mean like liberty to do what you want without any consequences of your words or actions, to the deteriment of half of society?
&gt; They’re kind of the same thing. this is not correct. Feminism was always about furthering the good of women, by any means necessary, often to an extreme deteriment of men.
And you obviously never tried i.e. to subdue a drugged up combative person ;) for example.
well, once your US of A stops speaking about other countries, sure I will ;)
or until you meet someone who takes offence if you dont call them womyn..or one of tons of all that newspeak. At the same times, we get to be called "males" aplenty.
the IKEA will hate me for fucking their couch in their store. So will the police, judge, and general public. So, I'll pass on that one.
good point
but that way he could still get to know one day, and try to be a parent. So, she did what she did.
people in generall, usually, do not change unless someone, or situation, forces them to.
quite creepy to research people like that, tbh.
there's no skill that one cannot learn with time and effort. You can do it!
Left, did not go back.
Only part of fuel is left, true. But you need to consider that this booster is 40 meters high, its the size of a rather large building...so that "small" amount of fuel is still WAY more than enough for an impressive fireball and explosion.
courtesy of a proper GPS positioning and a computer cracking the numbers
yeah, there is no convective heat transfer, but you still have the radiative one. Thus, VERY LARGE radiators are a thing. Half of dragon's trunk is a radiator, ISS has very large radiator panels too. Space shuttle's cargo bay doors had radiators on their internal surfaces (hence why they had them open all the time in orbit, literally - they'd overheat very fast if they didnt) Also, sun is not so powerfull to make metal not survive. People and fragile electronics, tho, is a problem. You can get up to 150-200 C in sunlight, so both ships, and EVA suits must have very efficient cooling systems.
Dont want to die, then dont attack. Its quite easy, actually. Defence should start at lethal one, then go down if you can still be usefull for something. Like organ harvesting for society's profit.
for an extreme masochist in you
technically, infinity is literally forever. this includes "After heat death of the universe".
community programs are way too ideological to cover DV/sexual abuse. You will just get more Amber Hard vs Johny Deep cases that way. &gt; counterfeit claim, which is a non-violent dispute at least where I live that is a MAJOR felony, not a small case. The guy should be on gunpoint since the first second, and shot dead on first non-compliance. &gt; lowering violent crime related to drugs legalise more drugs, you will certainly get less druggies doing crime, lol :V
&gt; . Defund the police is ultimately about making your fiance safer and better equipped to handle a specific scope, instead of 20 scopes without proper support. and this way, once the LEOs get to the situation and it turns out "not their scope" you will have, potentially, a dead LEO because they had neither training, nor means of enforcing law and order - i.e killing a criminal element.
&gt; Traffic accident? Traffic cop, who does not have a firearm. one of parties happens to have a warrant and a weapon on them. Dead LEO results. &gt; Civil dispute? Again, the responder doesn’t need a gun. same or situation escalates. Dead bodies happen again. How about no?
Found a better one.
&gt; What’s a viable option, in your opinion, to an armed police force? Literally nothing, unless you are living in an utopia.
&gt; based on a chapter of a book I read about it written by one of my favorite web comic artists yeah, you should look for a proper scientific source instead.
&gt; , they didnt fire on him for over half an hour until he ran towards the armed officers swinging a golf club after breaking windows in the main town centre. so, what would they do if he went on to attack bystander? Let me guess...50/50 that he'd succeed in a murder? Or, more probably, 100% chance he would?
&gt; My experience has been that police tend to use intimidation and force as their go-to tools when dealing with a lot of situations this is literally what they are for. To FORCE you to obey. Empathy is for people, not for criminals.
yeah, take a person's right to real defence XD what could go wrong?
Nope. You are missing a point. ANY situation can, and does, escalate in literal second. And LEOs are not exactly sacrificial lambs for your social justice feelings.
&gt; I think the fact that police are armed leads to different approaches, aggression levels, expectations, and outcomes. yep. Most perps will fear engaging and escalating in fear of dying.
well, BLM crowd would certainly benefit from being allowed to loot more, lol.
killing an assailant is better than sacrificing an officer in my book, sorry.
Thrust pushes against the engine's nozzle and combustion chamber walls, not against air around the rocket.
&gt; A ticket ?where is the profit in killing or assaulting a social worker when you can simply ignore the ticket?' if you have your mugshot on the BOLO order, chances are they will remember you, then notify that you were seen. For many this will be reason enough to take a life. And its just one example.
"Do what I say" *gets shot and dies*
tbh, even such things were later constructed as rape/sex under duress in court, so...just saying.
or have a criminal case on them later down the line, for any reason . Like "i changed my mind". Or "had to have excuse for my bf".
because that happens WAY more than you'd like to acknowledge. False accusation happens. And we prefer not to have that feminist-sponsored BS in our lives, to our deteriment.
&gt; Well, I had never been in a relationship before and he lived in a different country. I was worried I would lose a friend by making it weird if he didn't reciprocate my feelings- and I thought I had given every opportunity to reciprocate without making him commit to anything so, you just put all the risk and work on him. In the age where literally can, and is reconstructed as rape if we take something that is not a hint, as a hint. And in the age where we have no real right to proper defence either.
option B) have enough money so that she overlooks how you look. There is no person, literally, that cannot be purchased. Otherwise, no inteligence agency would exist.
and it should only refer to YOU. You have no right to expect someone to do it for you.
for me, no comic is 'scientific'. A peer-reviewed scientific source paper is scientific - that is, if you even have an ability to read it properly and fully understand it. Comic is just a comic, its WAY too open to interpretation.
a condom.
I do. Unfortunately, because I've got no real right to carry a firearm and no real right for proper self defence. And police is very limited at what they can do to a criminal, too.
so, sex just for the times of social distancing, then? Just gotta fire fast enough.
well, we could always settle for chitinous plate armor, then
1-800-EVERYONE-GETS-BEES
That is due to the telescopes getting light that was emmited that long ago, and also - extremally far away. To see the light that our sun emmited a billion years ago, you'd have to be billion light years away, AND move there significantly faster than the speed of light, in order to overtake those specyfic photons. Which is not exactly possible due to physics. Any way, if you take a peek far away, you see the light that was emmited long time ago, because due to universal speed limit of C, photons that are being emmited by that source now, will reach us in a distant future. This is even observable with our sun, anything happening there can be registered by us about 8 minutes later at the very earliest - because that is how long it will take for anything - photons, gravity changes, etc to reach us on earth. For all we know, sun might have ceased to exist 2 minutes ago, in that case we would still have few mijutes before getting to know it. (And as this shows - the speed of light is also the speed of causality itself, the max speed of events happening one after the other)
Yeah, resolution is a problem, but that can be mitigated for example, by linking several telescopes and using interferometry. We do it already on earth by putting several telescopes across the planet to work at once. But imagine if we did that with several of them in solar orbit, on the opposite ends of the solar system from each other - that would give some impressive resolution boost. Still not enough, but something to think about.
I guess he knows that, but since the topic is limited to sex, he did not go off-topic...
&gt; I literally said the men in cavemen times don't ask for consent tbh, unless you provide evidence for that, I find it hard to belive. Even animals seek consent in one way or another...well, mostly. Not all of them are duck- or dolphin-grade sexual predators XD And its quite probable that even earliest human communities have had some sort of (unwritten) rules of conduct.
the whole sex thing, back then, was to have children only. Well, unless you wanted to risk being excommunicated or similar ;) Again, its not the tv-style medieval period, reality was not "hey, lets fuck for pleasure or love" back then. Not even close. If not for that goal, noone (not just women, same with men too...) was even supposed to do such "dirty deeds". Sex and sex-positivity as it is currently, is well...quite recent development in society. As in, less than last hundred years or so, and even this with a ton of issues to be yet resolved. edit: and this above does not even touch the issue of societal layers in medieval society. For a high-born knight, that peasant girl would, most of the time, not register on sex scale more than as a plaything to use/abuse/loose. Because, well, nobles and all that. Hell, up to 18-19th century, in some european nations, peasants were literally treated as property of a noble.
Some planets of our solar system you can actually see with the naked eye. Yes, they will pretty much look like stars, because, well, distance is still large. Difference is, planets only reflect the light of their star (in our case, the sun). They do not emit it by themselves usually - while stars do emit on both visible and invisible frequencies, as they are basically giant balls of ultra hot hydrogen/helium/traces of heavier elements, with hydrogen nuclear fusion reaction burning in their core. Well, again, usually (as the stellar life cycle is more than just that - but most stars boil down to that description)
at 100+ hrs, consider going nuclear power ;) or solar, for that matter.
Seablock to Pyanodons is like vanilla to bobs/angels. Just like 5 times harder. And even more fun.
unlikely, unless you use a ton of mods - in that case you will have to wait for mods to be updated, a few days.
Server is, in short, a program that can listen to network traffic and send apropriate content to the user that requested it. In case of a website, it will serve website's content - webpage itself, its graphics, data, etc, that your browser will then use to render the webpage on your screen. Servers can be both physical - aka the machine that runs the program, with a single purpose, and virtual, i.e. a web server program that serves many hundred websites, from one device, under multuple web adresses leading to the same physical network card. Sometimes, for very large webpages ot apps (like gmail, or banking systems) you will have several tens or hundred machines working together for that single web address, usually spread out geographically over the world, and behind apropriate load balancing systems, which then i turn listen to, and reroute, actual user traffic. They can be based in a large datacenter somewherr, or in your bedroom - you just have to install apropriate software on your computer (and have network connection accessible from the outside, some internet providers do block such traffic to an extent to avoid having too much of it to deal with for example), and get an address for it for a few dollars, or for free for that matter.
Skyrim was just a matter of time in this thread, I guesd.
for those that like to watch, of course :V
im bi. bring it on.
well, if you put it in deep enough, the mouth is what is on the other side. technically.
Question remains, do the reruns cause next wave of orgasms? Or does it have to be live tv?
insanity in 40k is in the eye of the beholder, really...and you can replace most visible mutation with cybernetics too.
living conditions are not an excuse to commit crime, nor do they excuse you from consequences of said crime. Dont do crime, its easy. Billions of people, all over the world, day in and day out, do not commit crime their whole lives.
&gt; a cop doing good shit? Cops are supposed to do good shit. They're supposed to help out. They are supposed to do those things. No. The task of police is enFORCING the law, as written. Nothing more, and nothing less.
&gt; And why are y'all concerned about property damage? why should I NOT be concerned about safety of MY money and assets over YOUR issues? Those money and assets allow MY family to prosper and have a living. Unlike your rage. &gt; people are getting actual killed in certain places and neighborhoods, by POLICE OFFICERS link the cases, lets read them. Because its usually way more to the story than BLM says there is. Your latest - now dead - hero was a known criminal with several cases behind him. You want to be trusted, and you have that kind of heroes? Sorry, im not going to trust that kind of 'hero'. Just to be safe.
&gt; defending law enforcement was 'offensive to the communities we serve.' ...ok, they are officially bonkers imo. O_____O
that does not give you right to be a criminal. Especially if property you destroy belongs to someone that is not connected to the case in any way - what this would achieve, exactly, other than getting said someone pissed off on you? BLM will NOT achieve what they say they want, untill they do the things the right way. All they will achieve is even more alienation of black communities, and that is all.
should we call it xTerminatorio, u/xterminator ? :)
its more completed in early access beta versions on steam, than most AAA titles are 5 years after relase, so...yeah.
Yeah, cant blame her for hating him. A decade's a long time. If he wants to fuck someone without her consent, he can do the right thing first, and divorce.
...no? Why would it kill the brain? It is still properly oxygenated for its current level of activity. Less activity = less oxygen need = less blood flow to the given area is how it works.
true, but it is still proper oxygenation that is being maintained. If it was not, noone would use it medically. Inducing a traumatic brain injury by deoxygenation is not exactly helpfull in any way. The reduction of brain activity, in this regard, is nearly glacially slow or unused at all at the moment. Hence why you are not conscious during all that - the conscioussness generating parts of the brain are offline, effectivelly. Once drugs are retracted, the activity kicks back up and conscioussness with it, and only then it will require full blood flow again.
&gt; If I take a plan with a speed of 100 MBPS , my download speed always remains 100 MBPS ? No. It is always UP TO given value. This is because, while YOU might have enough bandwidth, both the target server, and/or a route between you - might not. This will, obviously, limit your conection anyway, to that of the slowest part of it.
well, they implied a second movie AND shown the puberty button on the console at the end of the first one, so....plausible.
&gt; Yer a pervert, Harry Ginny, probably
still better than the Sexy Barefoot Gen, i guess.
...party on, Slaneesh... I guess.
Mad hiv worldwide outbreak.
That sounds just a tiny bit kinky in this thread.
yeah, per unit of volume, the sun is not that energetic. Its scale takes care of the output tho.
also, the photons reflecting off an object, change its state too
plausible deniability. Also, no rejection will happen if you never go out and just expect someone to pull all effort.
because of you, I've just read that comment in seven-of-nine's voice.
in other words: DNA is a file, and chromosome is a .zip archive of said file.
&gt; That spin helps it stay stable for reasons I can't explain clearly. Basically magical physics. Gyroscopic effect. The same physics that keeps bicycle / motorcycle (somewhat) up when its wheels are turning.
Printers just deserve that kind of judgement.
...now thats asserting dominance I guess.
could still be worse. Like anencephaly level of worse. Its amazing how our bodies can fuck themselves up during the manufacturing process, because of a defficency of a single molecule (lack of the TEAD2 transcription factor in this case is thought to be responsible)
protip: they are not about dating that 18 year old. They are about fucking that 18 year old ;)
our sun will not explode, its not massive enough. It will swell enough to swallow us, tho. Not much better, really.
