I mean you could tax some people at 99% and they would still live better than the average person. Is that your bar? Because it's not my bar at all. In fairness the tax load should be distributed fairly evenly through the population. One vote per person and a similar tax burden per person. This aligns everyone's incentives to be thrifty with government funds. If people are too poor to pay the tax then they are too poor and we have to fund their portion, but it should be a reasonable amount. I think even talking in terms of percentages is silly. We should be looking at what the budget is per person as if each person had to contribute that amount. If it's a much larger amount than an average middle class person can afford then we are simply spending too much. This idea that ability to pay has anything to do with how much you should be taxed is silly. The burden should be spread out amongst everyone as equally as possible.
&gt;I see no reason why we can't tax anything over 1million at 50% and anything over a billion at 75%+. You can do whatever you want. I'm saying we shouldn't because of something called morality.
The government does not do that. In fact quite the opposite.
I was thinking more about how the rest of the world had literally just been destroyed, but sure whatever floats your boat. This idea that somehow raising tax rates is going to cause growth like the 1950s is nutrageous.
Exactly. That's the risk you take. This is also why employees get the compensation they negotiate.
Ok? That's not a reason to raise them though. You are asking real people to pay more of their hard earned money. We should be considerate of that and do a much better job with what we have.
&gt;"Earned" implies they worked for it. So if I save up a bunch of money, start a business, am successful and then eventually sell that business I didn't work for any of that money? I dunno man, I just can't really get behind that worldview. I don't think most people would think that money is unearned.
&gt;Employees put their time and effort into their work and salary paid employees put in extra work when the demand exists without extra pay. And they get paid an agreed wage for this. The argument here was that somehow they should also get a cut of the profits, not just the wages they have agreed to.
&gt;So I would argue it's immoral to allow it reach such points What's immoral about making a bunch of money? If this is your worldview then I don't see a reason to even talk about this stuff because you don't live in the same reality as everyone else.
&gt;It's definitely not all about side-by-side spec/stat comparison. Exactly! Personal preference is a huge part of it. You drive these cars every day, but you don't push them to the limit all that often. There are many tradeoffs to be made.
&gt;When people are starving, can't afford healthcare, housing, and all the like yes I consider it immoral for individuals to sit on more wealth than many countries. And if I thought it would solve all of those problems I suppose I would support you, but this isn't a binary choice. If you live in a western country you have vastly more wealth than most of the people on earth. Do you give your wealth away until you live at the global average? To me that's what you are arguing for, you go first. I just don't think that your "feeling" about rich people being the problem has any bearing on the real issues.
&gt;Cars are so damn fast today, it's awesome, but kind of crazy. They are even.... Superfast!
Mine is being built in TDF blue, looks badass. Similar wheels/calipers to that shot you posted.
I mean let's be realistic, on that kind of money you likely don't have a new ferrari or a yacht.
And the only functioning society we can have needs 50+% of your income? Let it fucking burn then, I'll move somewhere sane. Oh wait, I already moved to the states.
I love how people on reddit always assume they person they are talking to is as unsuccessful in life as them.
&gt;Exactly, anyone who thinks paying 50%+ income tax is drunk as fuck and clearly make next to nothing themselves. Bigtime. Although I do know some wealthy idiots who are pretty hardcore socialists. Wealth guilt is a real thing for some people.
Yeah, it's kinda crazy but I guess if you've never made more than $50k it seems like a lot.
I haven't seen much of that on reddit, do you have examples?
Usually by asking them. I've had quite a few conversations about this with people in various subreddits. BTW in another thread today I was talking about how I know some very rich socialists, they are on reddit as well. So not everyone is unsuccessful. Anyway my original point is that in general the default attitude on reddit is that the average redditor is not very successful, is generally young, generally male and often times a student or recent grad. This attitude is so common that everyone seems to assume all people on reddit are like that. Many people simply write from that perspective and assume that others are like them. The reality is that there are many people from all walks of life on reddit. But if you want to claim you are not the default reddit stereotype you literally have to call it out clearly or people will assume it.
&gt;In my experience, in various not so-quality-sub-reddits, people often brag about accomplishments that are not true. Ok, I haven't seen too much of this myself but we may hang out different places. &gt; I do not see evidence that concentrating wealth at the top will magically create any better outcomes generally, just continuing excellent outcomes for a select few. I just don't see wealth concentration as an issue in itself. It's just overblown to me. We do have real issues to deal with, it's a distraction at best. &gt;Others who replied to my initial comment reveal their morality very clearly. They resort to attacks using words like ‘loser’ - do you know who else talks like that? Donald Trump. Just using harsh language doesn't mean much.
Yeah I missed that. That makes it complete fantasy anyway.
That's bizarre.
How many people have you fired? You didn't find that stressful?
&gt;Been sayin this for years. Its not humanely possible. It's not possible to work harder, but it's possible to create something with 720k times more value than the average person. For example just create a software product that sells millions or billions of copies by yourself (yes people do this).
You know this is from a TV show right?
&gt;No, it wasn't stressful. Then you are a very oddball person. Have you ever had to sit someone down one-on-one and fire them? &gt; At the end of the day, you do what the numbers and the board tell you to do. Of course you do but it's still stressful. Maybe you are a sociopath?
I'm learning this. To me that's just incompetence on the part of the school system.
I asked how many people he had FIRED.
&gt;Because a lot of districts have gotten tight with school transportation, and the way they've cut budgets is by expanding the zone where transportation isn't available because "it's close enough to walk". Any idea how far that is? I used to walk to school when I was a kid. &gt;And the reason they've gotten away with it is because so many parents drive their kids to school - which makes it easy for district bureaucrats to get lazy and say "their parents are just going to drive them in any case, so we don't really have to provide as much transportation, we'll just expand the exclusion zone" . . . which leads to more parents driving their kids, and even more of an excuse to reduce transportation. Seems like the parents might be a big part of the issue.
&gt;Depends on the district, availability of urban transport, etc. A mile isn't uncommon, I think - which doesn't seem unreasonable, but it can be a long walk, especially in bad weather. A mile isn't crazy but parents today would probably be put in jail for that ;) I used to walk fairly far when I was in a kid in the snow. &gt;Also, at the high school level a lot of parents make a car available for their older children, so there's even more of a reason to cut back Guilty here, our senior has a car.
Not true, depends on the company. Some of them gave out decent gold rolexes in the past, although mostly for sales people.
&gt; as a senior software developer &gt;Since then, the actual dollar figure has almost not budged at all Then you are doing something massively wrong. Software is one of the areas where comp has exploded in the past 20 years. You may be hugely underpaid...
Actually if you work you also benefit from the tax cuts because you pay taxes...
You are completely delusional on this topic.
&gt;No, very highly paid, but that top end hasn't changed much in 20+years, at least in LA. I don't know who's been telling you that, but software engineering salaries have gone way up in the last 20 years. If a company wants you at this point there almost isn't a top end. Maybe you are just at a dead-end company or something?
Is it? I don't think they are claiming that they can't tell at all. Just that the they can tell later when they have more information. At which point bad feelings ensue on both sides. I think a better argument is that these people consider themselves women and telling them they have to self-identify as a man kind of misses the whole point. It's more insulting to them to make them do that then it is for him to accidentally date someone who is trans. How often does that really happen anyway?
Er, it's a Dr. Smith... yeah that's right.
&gt;If they were to bring in a rule saying the maximum hours worked in a four week period is 200(50 hour week average) that can still be extended to contractors. I'm unclear on what you think this would be "helping" them unless they specifically don't want to work the extra hours.
You work as a game dev and are being treated badly?
This 100%. This is the real issue with this stuff. They shouldn't even be allowed to give a specific tax break to Amazon. If they want to lower taxes for everyone, fine. Giving tax breaks to a specific company or individual I think is unconstitutional.
But your current gig is good?
I didn't express an opinion about unions. I'm more curious about what is driving people to think it would be an improvement. What kinds of things would they press for? What are the issues?
&gt;I know people regularly working 60 hours a week, putting in overtime every night, having to work weekends, etc. Would a union actually change this? You couldn't keep me away from the computer when I was younger. &gt;If you don’t, you’re let go for “not fitting the culture”. Then you have to go find a job where it’s not uncommon to spend 6-8 hours straight in a single interview, often unpaid, with no response at the end. That sounds atrocious. Are you saying they are on 60 hour+ weeks consistently all the time? If so that's pretty dumb all around. &gt;However, game companies have it the worst - they’ll do well most of a project, but towards the end you can have months of 80-100 hour work weeks, which puts massive strain on anyone. Your salary is tied to sales, so you have to put out a genuinely good product, and managers will often tighten deadlines with that in mind. It’s a rough system. So every project does this? Or some?
&gt;There will always be people who want to work more because they’re passionate, and that’s great! They just shouldn’t be part of a culture of forcing others who aren’t as passionate to do the same. Conversely, those passionate people should never be in a position where they feel like they might be forcing others to work. It just helps to keep things neutral :) 100% agree. Forced overtime is lame. &gt;As for your last question, it’s many, but some games are well-managed and crunch time isn’t necessary (very rare) or little is needed (less rare). There are a lot of service style games out there where they don't really crunch. You can always slip a feature to the next release.
What do you think is a reasonable amount of overtime for shipping a game?
&gt;With all due respect, you're the definition of a right wing person disconnected from what the people on the low end of wages endure in modern countries nowadays. No, I think he's someone with PERSPECTIVE on how wealthy even the "poor" are around here. Everyone is so entitled they think that unless they are upper middle class they are living in poverty. Sorry, but no.
She'll get over it. Just give it time.
Yeah, it's a tough situation. I would try more things to put pressure on her to get out of that obviously predatory relationship.
It's a wishy washy metric that doesn't have anything to do with real poverty and real lack of access to food. The biggest issue the poor have in america around food is eating too much of it. That's not to say there aren't some people going hungry, there are, but it's nowhere near the numbers you are claiming. Most of those going hungry are doing so because they either have shitty parents or they are elderly and don't have anyone to help them out.
Don't forget she mentioned convicted felon as well.
Why would you make him feel bad? He specifically asked for advice. Frugal habits are hard to break.
I mean I see what you're saying, but the picture is so bad it's hard to tell. The "Rolex" font seems off to me, but again it might be the picture. I could tell in 2 seconds with the watch in front of me.
What about it exactly? Again the pic is bad so... I mean it's super close so I don't want to argue about it, I'm just having a hard time seeing it clearly.
Still a classic!
I guess I'm not a poet, and don't know it. My 812 Superfast is on it's way from Italy now...
Really cool looking F12. Does it have any engine work?
Well the 812 is in transit... so I only have my F12 here.
What orientation do you want this bread lol? My F12 gets mad attention btw, Rosso Corsa.
What orientation do you want this bread lol? My F12 gets mad attention btw, Rosso Corsa.
You really don't.
Much better and I don't really see any issues with those watches.
Yeah, no.
Beauty! Thanks for these.
&gt;It’s predicating the stability of your nation on a single commodity in the global market that presents problems. That can be a problem for sure. However, Venezuela would still be screwed right now even if the price of oil was significantly higher.
While it's true that college is more expensive, EDUCATION is way cheaper. Information is far more available to everyone for free on the internet than it ever was in the past. The logic here is obvious. Skip the expensive university education and become a lifelong learner.
Meh, I think you are off in your history. You really think you have it harder than a generation that sent huge amounts of people to fight in WWI and WWII? You really think you have it harder than a generation that was DRAFTED to go to Vietnam? You think this because housing and university educations are both more expensive? Unless you got your ass shot off in Afghanistan I think this is just sour grapes and an entitled view of history. If this is your actual attitude I predict life will be hard for you.
&gt; But the fact that these people own houses is predominantly the reason that supply is so low You can't just make claims like these without giving evidence. For example, I think zoning laws and the general over regulation of housing is far more to blame than the fact that current properties are owned. Have you ever tried to build anything? It's insanely difficult and expensive to get the approvals, even if you have raw land. Tons of land that would have been buildable in the past falls afoul of current rules. Healthcare and other over regulated industries have similar issues.
&gt;Required or not, the narrative has already been pushed. True. A lot of people want their kids to be successful and they are repeating the mantra. But just because a narrative is pushed doesn't mean it's the best strategy. &gt;Raising a child for ~18 years and teaching them that, "college is the only way to get ahead in life, and if you don't go to college, you'll end up working at McDonald's," as most Millenials' parents have done, forces that child into college, and, in today's world, absurd amounts of debt. Society is pushing this debt, not just the parents. For example the government will guarantee the loans. This is a massive policy mistake the loads on the debt and makes school more expensive. &gt;Whether being successful in life without a degree is possible or not is not the issue; the damage has already been done. All true.
&gt;But if they could afford it then they would buy the property, demand is still there in a sense, the point is that if the supply increases the value will drop and people will buy the houses Demand might be there in a sense, but this is what supply/demand curve is all about. If all housing cost $1 there would also be a lot more demand that is there "in a sense" right now. You are making basic econ 101 type mistakes here. &gt;If someone owns a house and isn't selling it, and then he decides to sell it the market gains one additional house, if everybody decides to sell their houses the market gains multiple additional houses, thus supply has increased Yes, if everyone decides to sell their house and leave the country there will be more supply... I don't really think you've made any real point here though. Maybe rephrase what you are trying to say? &gt;Could you tell me what economic mechanisms are at play here? And if they are fundamental societal structures or just a product of our society in particular Econ 101 stuff dude. Supply and demand feed each other with price doing the balance. If you want less price you need more supply. If supply is constrained (for example the city won't let you build more) you end up with higher prices. This is basic economics that applies in all societies. &gt;I gave my reasoning. People will slowly sells the houses they no longer profit from, You seem to have this bizarre idea that if all the rental housing was for sale that it would fix the supply problem. That's simply not a supported position. &gt;If you want to call me out you should tell me why this is false or give another reason why it would be problematic. I'm not even sure you understand what you are saying here. Remember, people renting are part of the demand as well. If you stop renting and sell all of those houses you still need places for people to rent (not all people are in the market to buy for lots of reasons). You seem to assume somehow renting is pushing out owning. No, it's not that simple at all. &gt;If housing in some area is way too high why are there empty houses there? There are always some amount of houses empty. In between renters. In between owners moving in. Some people are holding out for a higher price when selling. Some people try and charge too much. Some people just want the investment and don't want anyone living in the house. Having some places empty is normal and expected. What's your point? &gt;If you only allow people to buy a house if they live in it, rich people no longer buy houses intended for less rich people with the intention of renting them out. Again I don't think you understand that rental homes are increasing supply in the market. Why do you think it's rentals that are the big issue? &gt;A whacky idea maybe, but if it works it works. Honestly it seems to me that you know very little of this subject. Maybe you should stick to prognostication on things you have knowledge of.
So what's the replacement? I'm not aware of any better technology for running an economy than capitalism.
The math here makes no sense.
&gt;I find there is a general cognitive inability to understand exponential growth in tech No we understand it just fine. It's people that extrapolate exponential growth forever into the future that are the ones not dealing with reality. &gt;The pace of change is accelerating and when we're confronted with such rapid change, the natural reaction is anxiety and fear - and we see this reflected in the media and in pop culture portrayals of dystopian futures. It's a natural human reaction based on cognitive evolution. What are your facts that show this? Labor productivity isn't massively exploding at the moment.
&gt;Especially as the means of production become more and more automated, there's no better time to socialize the world economy for the benefit of all humanity. How does destroying the economy benefit humanity?
Even with amazing technology people still need goals and purpose in life. If you think everyone sitting around makes sense you don't understand human nature at all.
Almost all countries do bad stuff. I'm not sure what the bar should be but this seems arbitrary to me.
Shit, I just bought another Italian car.
Not in the kind of world that's being posited here. There's just no way.
Why? People get sick sometimes. I don't get why that makes it unethical.
&gt;But the demand will never be greater than a fixed sum, also the demand decides the price not vice versa. What do you mean by fixed sum? I don't think I agree. In economics term demand goes up as price goes down. You don't see to think that's the case, but it goes both ways. It's literally about the ratio of supply / demand which means they both change the prevailing price. &gt;The goal is not to increase supply, it is to cater the supply to a specific demand, the demand for housing that is not intended for rental. This doesn't exist. The housing market exists as a blend between many types of housing. You can't ignore parts of the market, nor do I see why you would want or need to. &gt;Not necessarily, decreasing the amount of money available for expenditure on the demand side will accomplish the same result. If you decrease it equally it doesn't change anything. The prices might go down but everyone has less money to spend. You really need to study economics more. &gt;No my point is that rental housing and housing intended for ownership should be distinct It's nice to wish for things that aren't real, I get it, but that's not how it works. That's not how any of this works. &gt;Again, the value of houses is determined by the amount that people are prepared to pay, people who rent out houses are prepared to pay more, house prices go up, more people have to rent because they can't afford houses. It's a feedback loop. Yeah this is just not complete even to be correct, sorry. This isn't a loop, it's an equation with a bunch of stuff in it. &gt;We should take measures to prevent houses from being empty, that should be obvious. We don't need to do anything in particular to do that except in very exceptional circumstances. This kind of intervention generally is a bad idea. &gt;It's only a big issue when rental homes are homes that would otherwise just be homes owned by people, nobody benefits other than the people renting them out, so why shouldn't the people living there have the right to buy the house for a reasonable price? Why should I have the right to buy any of your stuff for a reasonable price? Because that's fucking ridiculous that's why. You don't get to force people to make transactions just because you feel like it. Imagine you rent out the family farm that's been in your family for 100 years to somehow who wants to try running it as a hobby farm. They now get to purchase it? Sorry no. &gt;Rather presumptuous. I consider economics to be somewhat pseudoscientific anyway, it's hardly falsifiable. No, instead you just want to substitute your opinion. It's not justifiable for you to throw out economics and substitute your uneducated opinion. That's what freakin Trump does.
Then the chinese factories you were using copy your technology and steal your IP. Econ 301. Oh and they sell these cheap copies back to us at Walmart where we subsidize the employees. Econ 401.
They could try but doing that successfully might be significantly harder than you think. The chinese have been trying for a while...
Is very nice. Love the detail work in that movement.
&gt;The fixed sum being the actual population, the demand for housing is only ever as large as the number of people looking for housing right? Yeah no. Again you continue to make wrong basic assumptions. &gt;I'm not saying we should ignore parts of the market I'm saying we should segregate them, it would result in a decrease in the value of houses intended for ownership and not rental. There is no way to segregate a market like what you want to do. That's just not how this works. Anyway I'm done arguing with you. You literally don't have the first clue about this issue.
Looking at a label instead of a policy is always a mistake. Look at what people are proposing, not at arbitrary labels.
Nobody is forcing you to work for them. Cancer you don't get a choice. To anyone that's an actual cancer patient or survivor this is kind of insulting.
I can see a libertarian supporting a basic income as a compromise. Personally I think basic income is one of the worst ideas I've ever heard. I call it communism 2.0.
This argument might hold water in Somalia, but it doesn't in Canada. Canada has strong protections against anyone going hungry. People in Canada have a choice of employers and a giant country to move around in if their local area has issues.
&gt;Right, there has of course been great progress for worker's protections in the last century, but that doesn't mean that the system is equitable It doesn't mean it's not equitable either. &gt;The fact is only some people in Canada can choose what kind of labour they do. That's not a fact, that's an opinion. The fact is that people can choose to do what they want. &gt;Do you think if these Amazon drivers had any better job prospects they would go through the incredible pain and trouble of organizing a union? Oh my god, these poor put upon people. Yes I believe they have plenty of other prospects in Canada. Don't project your own insecurities.
&gt;Communism in China has lifted 850 million people out of poverty ROTFLMAO!!!!!!!
Look, people do have issues. But in general it's never been a better time to be alive. Shitty parents are a real issue I'll grant you.
&gt;I feel like you're one of those zealots who want to make everything a battle of isms. Actually in general what I care about is policies, not the -isms. &gt;The Chinese cultural revolution has a legacy of murder, genocide, disasters... And modernizing the most pupulus country in the world by forcefully pulling around 850 million people out of subsistence. Wait, you are saying the cultural revolution was positive in the end? You are delusional dude. It was market reforms well after that that eventually resulted in some actual wealth for the chinese. &gt;Try to have an open mind and debate specifics instead of just yelling at things because you don't understand them. The idea that you are saying the cultural revolution was positive is just... so out there. I really don't think you understand it.
&gt;It's a one-party system, with extraordinary control over the economy by western standards, and it's shitting all over its competitors. So much for the benefits of "small government". This is a vast over simplification. To the extent they've allowed market freedom they have had growth. However, they were growing from almost nothing. They had an almost completely undeveloped economy when they started. This makes for large growth rates. At some point as their economy matures they will have hundreds of millions of middle class people. At that point we'll see if their one party rule continues. Hell, at this point it's not even one part, it's a dictatorship that's been consolidating power. I doubt that lasts, but who knows. But to say that somehow this one party rule is responsible for growth is utterly ridiculous. To say that they've been "shitting all over its competitors" is also bullshit. I also guarantee you that Cuba will see large growth when they are finally free and to the extent they embrace freedom. &gt; It's typical of westerners to conflate "market" with "capitalism" as if those two were the same. There have been markets for millennia, capitalism for a few hundred years, read a book ffs. If you have a free market then you have capitalism, end of story. Also, fuck off, I'm done talking with communists.
Dude I'm the rich guy who gets his balls gargled. Why else would I have so much time to argue with communists?
&gt; How would you feel if you had to pay more just because you worked harder, and were more successful than someone else? This is how it already works. It sucks btw. You really start to ask questions about where all of this money is going when you start writing big checks to the IRS.
Or maybe you get rich by practicing the principals of it. Regardless I don't consider myself a libertarian. More of a minarchist if anything. Really I just want public policy to consider freedom as a top level goal.
BTW same thing with UBI. Give everyone an extra $1000 and watch everything go up by even more. I don't see why rents wouldn't immediately just gobble it up alone. To make everyone richer we have to make them more productive. Everyone says robots are slaying it but if you look at productivity it's not exactly spiking or anything.
If you have delusions about people forcing you to do a job you should seek medical attention.
&gt;In what way do you mean on automation? On the tech side? The labor side has suffered very much. Machinery that makes labor produce more. So anything from a tractor to a computer. Tools.
&gt;They're the majority population of the world. It'll take bloodshed on a scale the world has never seen before if you want to maintain the status quo. The refugee crisis' of the past few years are a drop in the bucket compared to what's to come. I'm not suggesting genocide. &gt;And multinationals aren't even interested in keeping the status quo. 5+ billion people in the market for the basic necessities for life are a lot more profitable than 1 billion wealthy Westerners wanting luxury products. Except those 5 billion don't have any money. &gt;Companies like Unilever started working on making the southern hemisphere their primary market over a decade ago. Their primary market? Unilever is a soap company, literally their product can be universal if people want to buy it.
&gt;I meant that its not really a black market if 99% of the people are using it as a primary method of exchange and the rich don't care. Exactly. The rich live in their bubble, everyone else does their thing. I still don't think this will happen because I think the rich living in their bubble is not gonna happen. &gt;Right now it seems to be a race to see who can be the last few to get out of the 99%. At some point, the already profoundly wealthy reach a sort velocity that cannot be caught. At some point their magic numbers don't scale meaningfully with whatever adhoc method we proles keep using. I just don't see it this way at all. Wealth moves around quite a bit. The richest guy in the world basically built all his wealth in the last 20 years. I just don't buy what you are selling. &gt;Is that a split? A split would be they live in separate economies and don't interact at all. That's simply not the case.
Cause this isn't gross or anything.
I like the idea. Although a single point of failure for identity might be scary.
You know, chairman meow, the kitty kat.
lol. Everything is hackable. All you can do is make the security the best you can. I think the real question is what do you have in place in the case of a breach?
Yeah, a they get a bit sloppy there for sure with the numbers. Did I read that correctly when he says they have't seen a true pre-1900 single malt in 30 years of testing?
Honestly I have zero idea of what point you are trying to make. You somehow think unilever is going global? Ok. What does that mean? What's your point?
Sure, companies almost go bankrupt a lot. But I've seen it again and again where the shorts get hammered because companies are more resilient than they think. Sometimes the companies do eventually go bust but it takes so long the short ends up not being that great. Overall I think shorting should really only be used for hedging, not as an investment concept.
The problem is that if people repeatedly call you a genius over and over for years on end eventually you start to believe it whether or not it's true.
No such thing as unhackable. It's a nice story people tell themselves at night but unhackable hardware is literally impossible.
The stakes are quite high. As someone who has quite a bit of actual experience with computer security I disagree. I think security is going to be a massive issue.
&gt;A huge reason why a service like Waymo is so heavily protected against remote cyber threats is that A) it spends very little time connected to the internet B) its under constant monitoring C) many redundant processes. Ok? So what. Once they are rolled out en masse security will be a major issue. I stand by that. Yes security is less of an issue when you don't have a full roll out.
Cool, maybe they will succeed in making a decent product! It certainly sounds better than the early efforts I heard about.
Actually it's not necessary, but it also describes the state of affairs we have today. I added the 'all' because everyone is claiming that the state of things will be quite different. When I try to pin people down they always expand their claims. For example, housing prices are a huge problem right now. I don't see how automation really solves that. But maybe it does if you can just order robots to build you more stories on top of everything we already have. The canonical example is "Who decides who gets to live in San Francisco" Do we just build up to make enough room for everyone using robot labor? Surely we could right? Except that we could build taller there now, but we don't. Why? The current locals object. So even though we have awesome automation we still have scarcity of living space in San Francisco. So at the end of the day if it isn't 'all' then how is it any different than now? The values of things will change (cheap factory junk will simply be cheaper factory junk). But things of real value like land, intellectual property etc. will still be scarce and valuable. In other words a society with more automation will look amazingly similar to what we live in now, except the even the super poor will live better lives due to more production.
Note the if.
Nothing is surface level simple. Perhaps you should expound.
What the crap is this. An essay from a 5 year old?
&gt;That claim is such a fat detraction from any real issue that might or might not warrant a basic income That's fine but it's the issue that a lot of people use to justify it. They are trying to manufacture a crisis as an excuse to push this.
Why are we paying these people at all?
To me that looks more like 2001. What's the serial # start with?
The dial possibly, not sure about the rest. The first letter or number of the serial will tell you approximately when it was made.
Wow you are really on the warpath about this. Notice how the guy in the video says this is an important issue that they've designe for. They are taking this seriously. That doesn't mean they will make an unhackable car, or that everyone who makes a car will take security as seriously. Security is a serious issue. It's impossible to make an unhackable appliance.
&gt;Start by defining 'cheaper'. What does that actually mean? You can get the thing for less nominal dollars? An average person can afford more of the thing? Cheaper has a definition. &gt;Maybe you have a good definition, but having a good definition that is also consistent with this assertion about robots and human richness...I'm not yet convinced. You think there is no definition of cheaper that's acceptable? That's bizarre to me.
IQ just means you are smart. It doesn't make you automatically successful. For that being smart helps but you actually have to do stuff as well. Basically IQ = Potential and then you can measure success any number of ways depending on what you are looking for. Acclaim, money, nobel prizes, awards or whatever you choose as your metric.
&gt;Which makes the claim very bizarre, as things like luck, circumstance, career path, randomness, and motivation dominate in financial success Exactly. You have to still do something with your potential.
I like the idea better of trying to skip out on the zero sum stuff and build some actual value.
I feel ilke this is a lesson people need to learn the hard way. For me it wasn't a quad, they weren't invented yet. But a number of years ago I had an electric skateboard. Not sure if the guy had permanent damage or not but it wasn't a good day.
I guess my question then is what does "mostly" vegan mean? Like can I still go buy a steak but it's just really expensive? I always have a hard time buying the idea that people are going to willingly live some kind of minimal existence. No meat, living in small dormitories using very little electricity, no long distance travel etc. That seems unrealistic to me. I think a more likely scenario is that we fight over the resources until there are fewer people left.
This is all paying your dues stuff.
Because life is a competition and you are throwing down. In their mind because you do it they will have to do it, and they don't want to. So instead they bag on you. Best to ignore what other people think. You are going to take a lot of flack being frugal because most people can't do it.
Which is why we should avoid having kids be in poverty. Note that basic income doesn't automatically do that because a lot of kids don't eat not because of money, but because they have really stupid parents.
&gt;Can we get some sources on that? So far I've been under the impression that poor child nutrition and stress levels relate to income insecurity and time poverty among other external factors, first and foremost. Life experience. Also, poverty is mostly caused by people making extremely poor choices. These same choices hurt their kids even more. There is literally no excuse to not properly feed your kids if you live in a first world country. Yet it happens all the time because people are idiots. If you think giving these people a few extra bucks will fix this issue, you are delusional. &gt;At this point I'm particularly concerned about sharing the value of a growth mindset and enabling it, a trait associated with neurogenesis. If you want to solve the problem you will literally need to take kids away from their idiot parents and educate them and raise them properly. Schools could theoretically help but it turns out that parents can systematically undermine that pretty easily at home. In other words bad tradeoffs all the way around.
&gt;Do you honestly believe that a large percentage of child poverty is caused not by a lack of income, but an abundance of income combined with a lack of intelligence? In the world or in the west? In the world people have no money. But in the west food is abundant (you can see this as poor people are often fat) so lack of eating is generally caused by not having life skills. E.g. people being idiots doing drugs and drinking, not taking care of their home etc.
Idiots have idiot kids. Didn't you ever see back to the future?
&gt;You can't live off of calories alone. If the food is nutritionally deficient, you will still become malnourished. Show me this actually happening. &gt;The poor may be fat, but they are simultaneously malnourished. ???
Sure, I just don't buy your theory about all these fat people running around without getting enough nutrition. It's kinda a nutty theory bro. Our poor are fat. "Oh but they lack nutrients so really things are bad". Cue actual poor person from 3rd world country crying.
Now all you have to do is show that they are the same people that are poor and fat.
Or middle class.
&gt;People aren’t idiots That's plainly not the case. &gt;their people trying their best we can help them by listening and supporting This isn't always true either. You think everyone is trying in good faith? Sorry man that's not life.
I don't believe they are all that relevant to what I am saying, sorry.
This is reddit, a place to give opinions. I get it though, basic income people don't want to hear any negative feedback. Loud and clear.
&gt;Obesity is a symptom of malnourishment. No it's not, it's a symptom of having an overabundant food supply. The people who are obese have enough food, they choose to eat garbage.
I didn't say they choose to be poor. I said they make poor choices. Some of this is baked into the system, hence my focus on how kids get screwed by idiot parents. There are lots of reasons people make poor choices, but that doesn't change the fact that they are making them.
I'm well aware. For some reason people think I'm arguing that people should be poor and this is good for kids. That's insane. What I'm saying is that MONEY is not always the issue. Idiot parents who don't take proper care of their kids is more of the issue than straight up just not having money. The way to fix this isn't by giving idiot parents more money, that's simply not going to fix the problem. If it was that simple welfare would do the job, or charity would do the job. Go talk to any social worker and ask them WHAT THEY ACTUALLY DO. Then ask them if you just gave these people more money if that would solve all of their problems. It's just incredibly naive. Basic income is not going to solve their problems, it will solve a set of problems for SOME PEOPLE, but it's not going to fix poverty.
&gt;Now why do you think the poor choose that so consistently? Evolution.
I love how there are a bunch of us that literally have had that discussion with smegko a bunch of times and just refuse to engage with him.
So then we can talk about of the people in need how many of them will it actually help. Not to mention all of the other issues with BI like inflation (what do you think the price of housing does when you dump a bunch of money on people). This basic income idea is far from a proven good idea.
Not relevant to the point I'm making sorry. Go away now.
&gt;I'm not sure what you mean by that. You take whatever money you've taken from the upper bracket into a pool and split it. Whatever the amount is is the basic income amount Ok, how much is that and what is the tax level? You seem to assume this is an unlimited fountain of money. Give me some specifics so we can talk about how silly it is. &gt;Or people save up that money and use it to buy their own house causing the rental prices to drop. The housing/rental market are the same market. It really doesn't matter if you are buying a house or renting, if there is more demand there will be increased pricing without more supply. Since more supply is bound up in crazy amounts of rules we will see increased price of housing whether it is rental or purchasing. &gt;I don't know what people will do with extra money but I do know that most people are paycheck to paycheck. Mostly because the average person is utterly pathetic at managing the money they do make. &gt;I didn't know we were only talking about cities. I'm more concerned about people having a place to live, not necessarily their ideal place they want to live That's fine to say but that's not reality. People want to live in certain places. If you want to go live in the country you can already do that super cheap compared to any city. Guess what though, people actually want to live in cities. &gt;How do you propose we get all the niceties we have like police, roads, military, food regulation, workers rights? Police are a local issue and are easily funded by local property taxes. Roads can be use tax based, we already do this with gas taxes. Food regulation has very little cost and can easily by funded. The military should be drastically cut. Drastically. Overall the government is too large, too invasive and takes too much of our hard earned money which is one of the reasons people feel poor all the time.
Your assumption numbers are far far far from reality.
Still massively bs.
Go look it up instead of ASSUMING which is what you continue to do. BTW top 1% of households is not people. People get married dude. Anyway your assumptions and math are off, go do some research.
&gt;It's certainly non-intuitive that food quality alone can lead to obesity, despite eating less overall. They aren't eating less. We are talking about people that aren't just a bit chubs but obese. Because they have PLENTY of access to food. Yes some of that food might be shit and people make shitty food decisions (continuation of the theme here) but the reality is that very very few people lack access to food in the modern western world. Again obesity is a bigger issue for these people than lack of access or lack of calories. Again, some people do in fact go hungry. Almost all kids of idiot parents. Old people may have some issues as well.
&gt;Correct me if I'm wrong. You're saying: We shouldn't be arguing that there's a lack of food. There is food, and a lot of it. And despite any safety nets we put into place, there will be parents that continue to make poor choices and ultimately hurt their kids. Arguing over what causes obesity misses your original point completely. Exactly. And furthermore, as you say, sprinkling money on these parents is not going to fix this problem. &gt;They didn't make bad decisions, yet they'll grow into poor adults. They'll too be stressed, and the generational cycle repeats. Yes, quite possibly. Which is why the only real suggestion for fixing this involves removing the parents from the equation. But that has it's own set of issues. E.g. this is hard. &gt;So ultimately, you're correct in that adding a basic income won't fix all parenting problems. That said, it can go a long way by reducing overall anxiety, allowing parents who do want to make better decisions to take the time needed to learn how, and give kids with unfortunate parents a chance as they enter adulthood receiving basic income instead of extreme poverty that didn't come from decisions they've made. I agree. It will help lower middle class people the most. It won't help those in utter poverty as much as people think because their problems fundamentally aren't related to how much money they make, but the decisions they make. Some are just plain mentally ill as well. Basic income won't fix that stuff.
I wish I grew up rich, that would be nice.
from the article: &gt;The point here is to show that it could actually be funded year after year without driving up taxes or prices The author does not show this at all, they just declare it and have other people with similar opinions declare it. Every time countries start printing money like this they go into hyperinflation and destroy their economies. All savings are wiped out (along with all debts) and everyone has to start again. Life is not good under these scenarios. Calling for this type of funding is crazy. If something like this was passed you would see massive capital flight out of dollars and real spending power would start to drop. If you do want to try this experiment, for the love of good don't do it here. Pick some other country to destroy please.
If poor people had the balls to "rise up" they wouldn't be poor. That's the whole point about marginalized communities, they aren't capable of rising up without intervention.
I got it by reading others ideas on the topic. Many people have tried to come up with a way to price things across time and space, it's one of the most basic problems in economics.
Just because you don't understand how hyperinflation works doesn't mean that it won't happen if we pump $3T a year into the economy. It's $3T the first year. Then we get some slight price rises. Maybe a couple of years go by and inflation starts to set in. What does everyone do when their purchasing power starts to fade? That's right they complain that they want a raise. So now we raise the bi by a few % and the cycle repeats. Imports start becoming more expensive, the economy starts grinding to a halt. Tax revenues go down in real dollars but look really good because we continue to inflate. You chase your own tail around until you end up like Venezuela is this very moment.
Look if you don't think capitalism is the answer no wonder you can't get anywhere. There ain't no free lunch kid. Everyone needs to create some value for everyone else so that we can all prosper. If you don't want to plug into the capitalist system then I have zero sympathy for you or others like that. That's just being willfully ignorant of reality.
&gt; There's just no way that printing money on the scale needed for a basic income can be enough to drive hyperinflation on it's own. I really don't think you have any basis to make that claim.
&gt;The reason that non-state-run versions of those things don't exist is because they suck... This just isn't the case. It's a lot more complicated than that.
Only so many hours in a day kid.
There are two models. One with a single seat, one with two seats.
A $500k home is actually below average in the more expensive metro areas. The SALT limit did exactly what it was meant to do, hurt people in high taxes (e.g. democratic) states. They want them to feel the bite of federal taxes rates.
Your stats are outdated or something. Where did you get the data? In my area the median is over $700k (Seattle). &gt;And correct me if I'm wrong but Salt goes *up* to 500K so in Oxnard, and San Diego you're still not getting beaten up to badly. SALT limits all State and Local Taxes to $10k. So this used to cover property taxes, state income taxes etc. It was unlimited and now is $10k. That's a big hit for people who pay state and local taxes in high tax states. &gt;You want to make SALT not hurt, Cali should get its crap together and make expanding their housing market a priority. I think you are super misunderstanding the limits here. It has almost nothing to do with the price of housing.
He was offering to show how "everyone" had saved on their taxes, but seemed to be ruling out people who own $500k homes. I mean go argue with the OP not me, I've just been trying to clarify what he means. On the corporate side my company had a huge tax windfall from the cuts. When I did my personal taxes it was much worse because of the capped deductions. Make of that what you will I suppose.
&gt;People are going to take note of this and change it. It may take decades, but it will happen. But not you, because that would be work. lol.
I mean my source is the same as everyone, google it. Here is zillows estimate of Seattle's median: https://www.zillow.com/seattle-wa/home-values/ $723k. Sounds about right for Seattle to me based on home values / listings. Where I live on the East side is slightly higher according to the Seattle Times ($950k).
Nonsense. It was created to keep black people from having jobs.
BTW GPUs solve this by swizzling memory access to make them more spatially local and get better cache usage with textures.
You don't store your wine in the sun?
I love this model in gold so much.
Kudos. You know your shit. Overall it sounds like this additional location was mishandled from the beginning. I wonder how the deal was structured and who is on the hook for what. OP give us more details!
&gt;We are also contributors in different ways to the social and economic life of our society. Great, but you don't get paid for that unless you find a way to monetize it. Taking a bunch of tax money and handing it over probably sounds good to you, but not to the people who have to pay.
&gt;A lot of CEO's are in favor of a UBI Oh, you have a cite for this? &gt;it's practically inevitable Uh huh. In the same way communism is inevitable according to communists. &gt;once job loss due to automation hits a certain threshold people will riot and the 1% will take a serious hit from consumers loss of buying power. Bullshit.
So I'm pretty sure our definition of "lots" isn't the same because a few people aren't the same as "lots" in my mind. "lots" would be you did a survey and a significant percentage support it. Suffice it to say I think the whole idea of AI taking all the jobs is bullshit. I know everyone in this sub basically just assumes it's true, but there really isn't good evidence for it from an economic perspective. It's just the latest excuse to push collectivism.
The economy is doing fine, people have money to spend. Also I think you are shortsighted to think about this from the aspect of only one country. Americans have huge opportunity and are wealthy compared to the average world citizen. Yet you guys are so entitled you think you deserve free money to live while billions of people live on under $10 a day. The time for basic income might indeed come in the far future, but we have a vast amount of development work to do before then and several large challenges like climate change in front of us. This isn't the time to sit back and consume free goods.
Wheel / bearing / axle The bearing is the important part. You can experiment with roller skate bearings to see how they work. Skateboards / roller skates also have some interesting other parts like axles to look at, are cheap and easy to work on. We used to swap wheels/bearings/trucks when we were little kids.
&gt;An economic viewpoint offers no unique perspective as it relates to automation and job loss. What utter nonsense. That's exactly what economics is about. &gt;The only unique perspective is that automation is great for the economy as it increases efficiency, productivity and profits. And that for 200+ years more automation has correlated with more jobs, more diversity of jobs and more wealth. &gt;You realize technology only gets better over time right? I imagine you'll reference some tech that has degraded over time as if that's the norm. My point is that these kiosks are not effective at replacing employees. Not to mention you are now employing people making kiosks and related software. &gt;When agriculture was industrialized tens of thousands of people's lives were uprooted, during the industrial revolution riots caused billions in damages. History isn't exactly kind to us on this topic. More bullshit. &gt; It isn't a question of will tech replace human labor but when and to what extent. It's not a question but you don't know when and the extent? That sounds like a question to me.
&gt;Re: low unemployment, people are dropping out of the labor pool which causes the unemployment rate to drop but is a misrepresentation on actual employment. Changing demographics changes the labor force all the time. So what? The fact is that we are in a booming economy and a lot of areas like mine have literal labor shortages. https://www.seattletimes.com/business/with-seattles-low-skill-workforce-in-high-demand-employers-struggle-to-keep-up/ https://www.seattletimes.com/explore/careers/worker-shortage-forces-restaurants-to-get-creative/ &gt;There's that lack of cognitive maturity again. Try making an argument without resorting to name calling. It's just what I've found talking to the people in this sub. Almost all of them are simply looking forward to the communist revolution where they can sit back and not work. People who actually work and pay taxes aren't in favor of giving out handouts to lazy people. Again, nice if you can get everyone else to pay for your lifestyle.
Wouldn't be surprised if he shows up at rtc tomorrow. I'll be there with my 812.
&gt;People were always able to do something different. Bingo, mystery solved! &gt;But in the near future, AI/robots/automation will be able to do everything better, faster, and cheaper than humans. This is a massive leap. Certainly that's not true today. If that ever does become true it's going to take a long long long time to happen. Making policy decisions just assuming this is true is a horrible idea. &gt; At that point, humans will have nothing to contribute (and therefore won't be able to earn any significant income). That's just not how this works. People will create an economy that works for them. This idea that people will just lie down and starve is ridiculous and silly.
&gt;Yes, more diversity of jobs and more wealth distribution, but the tech revolution is a much different beast than the industrial revolution. No it's not. We've already automated more jobs than existed at the beginning of the industrial revolutions and increased output thousands of times. This opens up more opportunities for people do do more specialized things, not less. &gt;Software is designed/maintained by a single team, sometimes an individual, and then can be deployed to as many machines as they want, instantly, without hiring people to hand-build every copy. And yet we literally can't find enough engineers to write software. Shortage across the board in qualified engineers. How do you explain that? &gt;It is effective at replacing employees. Look at a more direct example like walmart. Back in the days of no self-checkout, every single register would be open and have a line. Now there seems to usually be 3-4 registers open max, and 10+ self checkouts available, with one person operating/overseeing the 10 self checkouts. That's 9 less people working than before self checkouts. How is it not effective? Why don't you quote some walmart employment stats to show it's effective. Regardless you really don't seem to understand the real issue which is that when a job is automated it frees up people to do other more interesting work. From what I can tell wal-mart is not employing less people than it has in the past. &gt;Learning to run a lathe is a lot easier than learning multiple programming languages. This is simply hubris on your part. Regardless with gcode they are now the same job ;) Anyway, you apparently don't understand how the economy works. It's the same mistake communists make all the time thinking the pie is a fixed size and that everything is zero sum. That's not how it works and that's why you are wrong.
&gt;The labor force participation rate is at a multi decade low thanks to automation and globalization. There is no indication that it will rebound. Nah, it couldn't be the fact that we have a bunch of people transitioning to retirement. Or the fact that we have much more generous social programs so many people have opted out of the workforce and are on things like disability. You have shown no proof whatsoever that a low labor force participation rate is due to automation. In fact if you look at productivity numbers it doesn't tell that tale at all. How do you justify this? &gt;There's a good reason that metro areas have this high demand for low skill workers but can't fill the positions. The article you linked talks about a need for home health care workers in Seattle, they said that wages were increased to 17/hr to attract more people. 17/hr in Seattle for that demanding of a job is a joke, that job should be paying well over 20/hr in a place like Seattle with high costs of living. And if they can't find people the price will go up. Again though, people obviously aren't desperate for work. In fact we know they aren't because it's extremely difficult to hire people for all kinds of businesses. Also note that the labor shortage isn't just low wage jobs, it's across the board. Amazon has thousands of open positions here that are almost all 6 figure jobs. &gt;So when the trucks start driving themselves you imagine the 3.5 million truckers will relocate and get jobs in health care, child care, tech, and food services? The trucks aren't driving themselves. This will happen over time if it happens. You are simply predicting some kind of worst case scenario that isn't reality. Give me your prediction for when self driving trucks are going to "take over" because it sounds like bs to me. Self driving has been continually delayed... &gt;To say that the displacement of truckers will be anything less than an absolute shitshow is being disingenuous. Nonsense. Again this is you just pronouncing that the worst case scenario you have in your head is some kind of guarantee. What utter nonsense. What makes you so sure? Why do you have such a high level of confidence in these very out there ideas that simply don't have evidence for them?
Yeah the car is gone but Greg is still around to chat up about it. He was regaling us with stories of driving his F40 a couple of weeks ago. We spent a bunch of time checking out my superfast spec too as he bought his off the showroom floor instead of ordering.
Not bad really. The older I get the less I feel like I know but the more real experience I have. Weird.
Jesus I already referenced this garbage video in one of my other comments. This entire video is bullshit of the highest order. Looks "smart" on the surface but is plainly crap when you think about it deeper. This comes from a fundamental misunderstanding of economics and the behavior of actual people.
&gt;The video is well-substantiated. It isnt fact though. It is a trend. This is completely false. In fact in the years since this video came out the trend has been the opposite of claimed (we have less unemployment today than when the video came out). There are plenty of people who have responded to the video, I don't need to do so here. I don't consider this video evidence of anything and by buying into it you show yourself to lack critical thinking skills.
&gt;The Fed already did what Venezuela did, on a scale of trillions of dollars. It reflated asset and housing prices. False.
&gt;It's not true today, but we're on the path to there. Not based on anything I've seen. What data are you using to come to that conclusion? &gt;100 years ago, a 9 year old with no skills or education could provide valuable labour. Now, you need a high school degree, and increasingly university/college degrees too. No, you just need to work hard and create value for other people. High school diplomas are free btw. College is not required to learn how to build value for people. &gt;What does that mean? Have you ever heard of a black market. It means that if you make the official economy broken and don't give people access to it they will develop their own economy. As long as people have freedom to associate they will do fine. &gt;How would this look like if people's labour has a zero or near-zero value, and they have no capital or access to capital? This doesn't even make sense. The only way labor would have zero value is if people could get the fruits of labor for free. In which case why do they need to work? And if it's not free all of a sudden labor has value again. What you've proposed is nonsensical. &gt;They'll fight for a basic income. Whether they succeed or not... is uncertain. It's not uncertain. We simply can't afford to subsidize people to sit around so it ain't gonna happen.
&gt;That being said, I dont think you realize the direction and impact automation and technology are heading and having. Why do you assume that? I have a considerable amount of experience in the related technologies. If anything I'm a skeptic because I actually understand the current state of automation technology. We literally can't even make a robot to clean toilets let alone replace a lot of human labor across the board. &gt;Your claims that cuz a robot cant clean a toilet perfectly yet as if that means something is just silly It's not silly at all, it's just one example of things we can't automate. If you want to get into it deeper we'll see that the kinds of things we can automate tend to be more about repeating a process over and over. Even so those factories still need a lot of human labor input to work. You are also making the same mistake a lot of people make which is assuming that automating a job means that employment in that area has to go down. Sometimes it goes up because of greater opportunity. Bank tellers are an example of this, you would think that because ATM machine exists we wouldn't have a bank teller. Yet... we do. Once you understand that you'll start to understand why a lot of this is bs. &gt;I'm sure you do, you just seem to be on the absurdly high sceptical side. Just out of curiosity do you know how modern AI systems work? Can you program a computer at a fairly high level of expertise? I do understand this stuff and it's not nearly as advanced as people seem to think. &gt;You ignore the fact that humans are only capable of so many tasks. More and more of those tasks are done by a machine leaving a more narrow scope of human-capable behaviour that desirable to hire. That is a trend. Again, this doesn't matter economically. It just means humans move on to other things. BTW this "trend" has been happening for 200 years but we have more jobs and more kinds of jobs than ever. Could you possibly consider just for a second that you might be wrong here? &gt;there's no indication that the scope of human-capabilities will widen Actually that's false. We get beter at all kinds of things all the time because of education and learning. Also the kind of labor we have matters but having more labor is also good, as we have more people we have more people to solve problems. &gt;Not worth response? That's hogwash lol Just becuae you want to assume theres no impact doesnt mean there wont be. I see the data that supports you, but I really just want you to see the trend in speaking of pertaining to human-capable behavior. And just cuz there could be doesnt mean there will be. I get this. I'm pretty sure you do too Honestly you haven't given me a scrap of data to work with. You've simply asserted this is a problem based on your, in my opinion uninformed, opinion.
Wow what delusional moronic garbage.
Most people can if they choose to be lazy in modern society. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rQ-bp_A61MI
Sure they can if they have all the guns.
&gt;Anyone familiar with the history of pilot projects over the last forty of fifty years would not have said that. Again I'm quite familiar with these. I don't think anything of them because they don't "prove" anything about your case. I find it pretty obvious on it's face that giving people free money will in the short term make their lives easier. That's only the first level of the debate and pretty uninteresting.
At this point I just go for almost anything Plantation makes. Loving the Xaymaca right now, it's amazing for mixing.
No idea to be honest. I wonder if I like the ones without the sugar more.
Of course.
I've never seen a Corvette enthusiast who wasn't willing to talk to another one.
&gt;You keep saying you are familiar with the ins and outs of the UBI debate but so many of your assertions show otherwise. Dude if anyone's a newb on this subject it's you. I've been participating in this subreddit for quite a while and have beat the discussion up pretty good. See my literally 2000+ posts on the subject.
This is some serious sanctimonious bullshit.
None of this is free...
&gt;You seem to just want to demolish (not very convincingly in these exchanges) any logical challenge to the established order of things. I actually started as a proponent of UBI. For some of the same reasons other people like it (for example the idea of getting rid of bureaucracy surrounding the welfare state). The established order of things is definitely not perfect. For example I think universal health care would be superior to what we have.
Is that a thing or do you just mold them like that to begin with?
Of course not. But BI goes well beyond mucking around with poverty. Also there is very little real poverty left in the west. We've simply redefined it to mean the bottom 20% or so when the reality is they aren't in any kind of impoverished state at all.
&gt;How many blind taste tastes have you done? What was your experience? If you haven't done any, it seems weird to argue so strongly against them. If you have done some and you saw a big difference, then you are one of a rare few. I've been a fairly serious wine collector for over 20 years. One time some friends of mine asked me to blind taste several champagnes to help them decide on one to serve at their wedding. I was able to identify all three of them exactly, blind. Now that was unusual even for me but I've extensively tasted wines and a lot of liquors as well. &gt;A) people believe they will see a big difference, A lot of the difference comes from having the experience to compare and contrast. &gt;B) people do not see a big difference Good for them, but being inexperienced and not having an educated palette is a thing. &gt;C) preferences and price are not related at all, if anything people tend to like the cheaper beverages more, Price is based on supply/demand and is not a proxy for quality but more for rarity. &gt;Note this isn't testing bud light against super duper IPA. This is testing beverages in the same STYLE, e.g. Grey Goose against cheap vodka, Natural Ice against imported beer, $5 unoaked chardonay against $50 unoaked chardonay, etc. None of this surprises me at all. However, this doesn't really say anything about the actual market for good booze where people can tell the difference and appreciate it.
I like to be practical about things though. Universal healthcare might not be the best but it's better than what we have.
&gt;It's not a matter of being unable to afford it, it's a matter of the expenditure being wasteful if there's little to no value gained from it. This is literally the definition of being able to afford something.
But that assumes your taste is static and doesn't evolve, which is my main objection. Why the heck would you stick with one thing when there are so many options to explore?
&gt;No, the literal definition of not being able to afford something is when you don't have enough money to buy the thing. Not at all. For example you could take a loan (and a lot of people do). &gt;If I had as much money as Bill Gates I still wouldn't switch from $10 wine to $1000 wine. Ok, maybe you aren't into good wine? I mean I can't see someone that actually likes wine drinking $10 wine when they could drink better stuff, it literally makes no sense unless you don't like wine. &gt;It's not that I can't afford the most expensive bottle of wine at the store, it's that I don't get more utility from drinking that one instead of a mid-range priced bottle. $10 isn't really mid priced, more like on the cheap side. Also, you can drink a lot of wine for pretty reasonable prices if you source it smartly. I often buy things at auction that's drinking well now.
&gt;There is a need for asking fundamental questions about resources available to modern societies: How is wealth created, who creates it, how is it shared, etc. This is pretty basic economics, maybe go take a class?
And now you understand why people move to the suburbs. You guys should talk about your plan for living together. You know the rooms she wants, let her know what you want. There are probably compromises that would work. But seriously, this is when you start to consider moving outside the core and living in a house with more actual space. That has it's own set of tradeoffs obviously. You guys should have a wide ranging conversation about lifestyle before moving in together so you are on the same page.
Well talk about and and compromise. Or maybe don't move in together? To me it sounds like you are the one who is likely going to end up compromising more. Even if you agree at the beginning it's hard to keep rooms uncluttered without active work. Likely you will just have to get used to her style if you want a long term relationship.
Absolutely. In fact I've worked with teams of people where we had one person working on the same area for months or years. This is where the millions of dollar go when making a game ;)
That's not really an accurate representation of the situation in Seattle at all. It's not too many services, it's lax enforcement of the law that people are complaining about. Go to the east side. Bellevue doesn't have homeless people chasing you down for change because they let their police do their jobs. My next door neighbor just retired from Seattle PD because he was sick of not being able to enforce the law.
Yeah I've followed all the Seattle PD stuff. End of day they aren't being allowed to do their jobs in Seattle.
&gt;There's no point of police involvement if there's no solution as to what to do with these homeless people. I agree. Let's properly fund western state, fix the facilities and invest in state mental health. I'm down for it. We should also setup a place homeless people can go and stay long term. This place should not be in a city but should have opportunities for them to learn and grow while not being a public nuisance. &gt;Seattle are too afraid to have that conversation. And until they do, they can't decide what to do with these people. So the cops are hamstrung. Who knows, maybe the city council election will change things up. I don't have a huge stake in this living in the rural eastside where there is basically no crime. It is damn unpleasant to go into the city these days.
&gt;Your first sentence is factually untrue. The percentage of obese people who are obese for a medical reason is incredibly small and basically statistically insignificant. Like some kind of direct obvious problem? Sure. But given how large a percentage of society is having issues with weight (it's basically everyone and the generations coming up seem even worse) we have to start digging deeper and asking more questions. Our bodies really didn't evolve to live in a situation with the kind of abundance we have. Are there environmental and pollution factors? Issues with our food? There isn't really any kind of "cure" for being fat. Even most people that get super strict and manage to lose some weight often cannot maintain that weight loss for very long. True "success" stories are few and far between. The delta between sitting in an office all day and being buff is pretty hard to overcome, especially when real life intervenes. Of course people who are already skinny, or fit, will scoff and say take the fork outta your mouth. Then they hit 40, get some kind of an injury and the pounds start to pack on and they get a bit more sympathetic.
This sounds like a bad restaurant problem.
I really wish it was that simple, I really do. Just out of curiosity have you turned 40 yet? Because if you aren't an active athlete literally working out daily at 40 you will start to put on some weight. Even a lot of active dudes who play hockey every week have it start to catch up when they hit 40. The guy who either are very fit (e.g. the top 10% who are seriously into fitness) or who have jobs that require a lot of work (electricians, plumbers) tend to stay reasonably in shape although even some of them will pack it on. Overall if you are in the elite fitness group be happy that your family / school or whatever helped you work with your natural inclination. It's super hard to create those habits if you don't have them.
He already left according to his other comment.
This sounds creepy as fuck.
Hmmm.... I'm going to have to disagree with you. I don't think there is a point in going deeper but it's way more complex than calories in/out. This does define a lower bound (e.g. you can eat less calories and lose weight) but the overall obesity situation is more complex than that. &gt; But anyone can change that with effort. Obviously they can't, which is why we are having this discussion. Do you really believe the difficulty level of this is the same for everyone? All it takes is for something to happen in your life that increases the difficulty level past your ability to manage it. For some people this is an injury that means they can't maintain their activity level. For others it's simply getting slower with age. But if "anyone" can just change this it would need to be a bit easier overall.
Whatever the case may be your pet theory here is still that, your pet theory. If you want it to become a mainstream theory you'll need something called actual evidence.
I'm starting to wonder if this is a Canadian thing or if this happened in the US as well.
Very compelling case. Not. What's your alternative again?
Because Mom controls and manipulates everyone in the household. Dad can either deal with it and try to keep his family together or go live alone in an apartment with a lot less money.
Whoa, so you have another bio dad out there somewhere? I wonder what kind of spin your mother put on that.
&gt;My mother said Ok, stop right there. What do you actually know that you can VERIFY with a third party? You do realize anything she said is extremely suspect right?
&gt;Possibly, if you mean higher taxes and redistribution of unearned wealth. Oh jesus. You are hopeless. You think that other people's wealth is yours to plunder just like the communists did in 100 years ago. Next thing you're going to basically define any of the wealth you want to take as "unearned" and steal it. My only question is once you've stolen all the wealth and spent it, where are you going to get more?
Well if you are interested in finding out I would hire a PI and do some genetic testing. If your bio father even has relatives who did genetic testing they will show up. Anyway, not to push on that because it's a separate issue. I was mainly just wondering if you had considered that your mother may have lied to you about a lot of stuff. It has happened in other cases that parents were basically shut out by one parent or the other without the kid knowing.
&gt; Does the world stop using China for manufacturing? I think there would be a major backlash that would disrupt their economy for sure.
What does the usa have to do with this?
I think you would see sanctions of some kind from a lot of countries if they literally wiped Hong Kong from the face of the earth.
There is no such thing as "winning" a trade war, it screws everyone.
&gt;Then we could have an intelligent, mutually enlightening conversation. Lol, no we couldn't. Anyway nice talking to you but I basically have a rule about wasting my time talking to communists.
Concentration camps that aren't seen can easily be swept under the rug. That's different than literally destroying one of the economic capitals of the world.
The world is bigger than america last time I checked.
&gt;The U.S created another damn monster. The Western world's greed knows no bound. The western world is you though. Like literally if you are on reddit you are part of that system. So you should feel guilty. Bad reddit user, no cookie.
Which matters not a lick because plenty of countries have nuclear weapons. We literally can't go to war with China unless we are both just "playing around" because as soon as the big guns come out, we all die.
Ok, I get that's your opinion. I don't see where else this conversation goes as we are arguing something that's extremely hypothetical.
I mean, you say that, but we have military bases all over and the place and have been at war since 9/11. I mean history kind of goes against what you are saying. In fact we are in a trade war with China right now. If China blew up HK tomorrow what would Trump do? He is the head of the armed forces btw... In other words I don't share your opinion and I don't think the facts are on your side on this one.
Well mainly because Canada could reduce it's emissions to zero and CO2 would still go up. So there is no solution here sadly.
You have time to be posting on reddit then I seriously doubt you are in poverty.
&gt;I think someone mentioned it below but Canada is in the top 10 emissions list... Go take a look at the data yourself. Canada is similar to a lot of normal countries but China+USA alone are almost 30x canadas. &gt;Geo-engineering is a great idea but it's still unproven tech. Which is why we should be spending money on researching it.
This is bullshit clickbait as they are referring to Sulphur which isn't really present in gasoline. Clickbait fake news.
I agree. Seems completely plausible to me. These scams obviously work day in/day out on some people.
&gt; At 18, owing that amount would have devastated me. This is a lot of cash for an 18 year old. This is one of the worst mistake you can make that young, I feel really bad for the kid.
&gt;-if someone asks you to do this, it's a scam 99% of the time 100% of the time you mean ;)
&gt; But it's not clear to me that the great number of menial jobs our current system has deemed necessary are the best path to allowing people to make meaningful and personally healthy contributions to their communities. Clearly. Which is why everyone in society tells people to get educated so they can make bigger and better contributions. If you push a mop your entire life and don't take advantage of the huge amount of information and help to better yourself who is that on?
Sure, but in that case it's business and you're setup to understand the losses that may occur as well.
&gt;All well and good if you even have the social mobility to moveup. If you live in a relatively free western country then you do. Nobody is out there trying to keep you down. &gt;Even so, someone needs to push mops around, and its going to be someone. A better idea is to spread out job tasks among all employees so no one person is holding the mop. Yeah it's really smart to have your $100 an hour programmers pushing around mops. &gt;Even so, people deserve People deserve? Wishful thinking and nice sentiment but nature could care less about what anyone deserves. We could literally be hit by an asteroid and wiped out as a species tomorrow. Nobody would be around to care. &gt;Beyond that, if you take out 40 hours a week of your mortal life towards a task, you deserve just reward, because whats more vaulable than a persona time? Then spend your time on things that are valuable. Again, if you are pushing a mop for a long time that's on you because you didn't learn how to supply more. Nobody is going to drag it out of you, again this is why we tell people to get educated and learn how to actually be productive. It's on you to live your best life, nobody owes you shit.
Get a job.
&gt;I think I should be permitted to fend for myself in the forest if I so chose. I like that idea too but the reality is we have too many people. Sucks.
&gt;You're saying a tremendous percentage of the population deserves to live like dirt. No I'm not. &gt;Wages for being surgeons, lawyers, and physicists would become unlivable if everybody had the talent and resources to train those careers. Nonsense.
Describing what I do is super hard since I'm involved in a lot of things.
Which won't happen when they are all fat like now.
And the "right equipment" will cost money and time to operate. But yes, some simple wire would definitely be cheaper than chain link.
I agree. What we are discussion is what is the best method to cooperate. Giving out free money doesn't make the list IMHO.
That's because you aren't paying the bill.
&gt;So you’re just going to pretend like everything anyone’s ever wanted to do for living pays equally well? That's not really the bar. If that's what you are shooting for you are living in fantasyland.
&gt;What is your company then? I currently am operating three (down from four since one got bought by Microsoft last year). I'm not sure I need or want to get into all my companies here. If you don't believe me then I guess I'm fine with that.
Dude, not everyone on reddit is a 20 year old kid. Given that there are plenty of successful entrepreneurs on reddit I don't understand your issue. Just because I don't want to go into personal life details to satisfy you don't make me a liar.
&gt;You do realize you’re the one that started there and I pointed out you can’t do just anything because you have to reconcile with the “reality” of having to make enough money to live on? You can do whatever you want to but you pay the natural consequences of it. For example, some people choose lower paying professions because they get other kinds of satisfaction from it. If you want to do really well financially though you are likely going to have to do things that maybe you don't want to do, but that are necessary for success. If you want to be a brain surgeon you need to put in the work. Basic income would change none of this. It's not going to magically enable people to do things with no work. It very well may subsidize a lot of people to do things that nobody wants. So if you agree with all that then I guess we are in agreement. Also being called dumdum is really refreshing. Normally people call me a genius and it goes to your head when people say it over and over again.
I stand corrected, very nice detailed work there. AAA+++ would hire to build me a fence.
I've watched people install but never done it myself. Recently had a chainlink fence put around my yard (was like $12k).
&gt;...it's a good job that we moved away from that logic to help better the world, eh! We fought a massive war over it. If you think people sitting around watching TV are going to fight another civil war... well... ain't gonna happen. &gt;In today's situation (&amp; also throughout nearly the entirety of human history), the subset of the population that's having hardship directed at it are those towards the bottom of the wealth-spectrum, No they aren't. This is imagined because of the hedonistic treadmill. People are not in fact being shit upon or fucked over by society. They just expect a bunch of stuff without doing the work necessary because they see other people with it.
Oh jesus I still wake up to this bleating? #undoxxing# myself.
&gt;Personally, it's not about not working a shitty job. It's about living without a stress that a shitty wage brings. When you know you can pay for the food and housing, you don't feel just as trapped. And you become more free to pursue other opportunities too Let's be serious for a second. Who is actually unable to buy food or get a regular food supply in the USA today? The only people I can think of are kids of shit ass parents. You cannot seriously look at me with a straight face and tell me you think a bunch of people are starving (hint: poor people are more likely to be fat, and please don't start on "food deserts" other goalpost moving bullshit). The real issues right now are cost of healthcare (which is massively inflated by government policy) and cost of housing (which is massively inflated by government policy). If you want to help people make it easier and quicker to build things and fix the healthcare system. Giving out free money to people is the last thing that's going to help anyone.
How terrible is your mom for what she said? Gee whiz that's horrible. Anyway, practice more, take it again, and you will be fine. Lots of people fail the test, especially if they don't have enough practice.
&gt;&amp; being fat/obese is a form of starvation - Ok, I'm done with you, that's insane.
Fascinating. I know a couple of guys here on the west coast in the same business, but for the west. Do you have to travel all over the world constantly sourcing product?
A whole 8 hours? That would put a crimp in my lifestyle.
&gt; The business isn't suited for the hands-off, passive income types. One of my friends said he travels about 8 months of the year to source everything, so yeah.
Sorry, can't relate. The older I get the more I appreciate the nicer things.
Was this a TDF blue Superfast today?
&gt;As much as you can't prove that it wouldn't. An experiment in the UK has shown that giving 3000 pounds, no strings attached, to homeless people, took a good bunch of them out of the street. That doesn't prove your claim whatsoever. &gt;And for what reason exactly? Productivity? Because they need to suffer under the rules of owners? For your own pleasure? Because that's how we get a system that continue to work. Your alternative isn't even an alternative, it's a fantasy. &gt;You're trying so hard to keep your little morality system going that you completely ignore the challenges we're facing as a technologically mature society. You're the one not making any sense. No, we don't live in some future utopian society. Not even close. Get a job.
Maybe there were on vacation from Europe?
Wut? I don't even see how this is possible. I buy something on amazon and then send it in a giant box with some little pillows in it. I ain't got enough stuff to fill all those boxes to donate.
This is a myopic USA point of view.
You are presenting things like this is an either/or option, it's a false binary choice. Our relationship with China has been bungled and dropping the TPP was a huge fuckup as that was a major portion of our long term play.
The answer is you are both assholes. Both of you should be quiet during the night. I don't think it's crazy to give them a taste of their own medicine though, sometimes it's nice to be the asshole.
There isn't really enough information here to do anything other than give generic advice. One thing that might work is thinking about what you guys are into and the area you live in. Make sure you live in a place where you are likely to find like minded people. Regions vary a lot and neighborhoods do to. Just a switch of scenery might be the thing.
Have you ever heard of a 401k or an IRA?
I feel ya man. Don't have any real advice, but I feel ya.
&gt;just to be clear I’m not arguing that this is what Epic actually wants Why not? I think you've summed it up exactly. Tim wants developers to pay less "tax" to the platform holders and thinks that will ultimately benefit gamers. I'm not sure where people are getting the "evil" Tim idea from but he's a pretty straightforward guy that pretty much does and calls it as he sees it.
&gt; I realize that everyone on this thread is an armchair economist and an expert in their own minds on how the game industry works Yes, it's fairly humorous reading what the unwashed masses thing about the game industry. Nintendo vs Playstation is now playing out as Steam Vs Epic. People love tribes.
&gt;However, as an Asian that lived in South East Asia for 19 years and had a lot of interaction with Chinese social media, honestly Chinese people don't really think of it as big of a deal as the west think they do How would you know what people's actual opinions are on a censored social media where you go to jail for promoting democracy?
For me it's not even an opinion, I've known Tim for 25 years and he's a standup no bullshit guy. Gabe is a good guy too. Ultimately the competition will be good for game developers and consumers will benefit.
I get what you are doing, but it plays right into the hands of the CCP. The fact is that Chinese social media is not free speech. People regularly self censor their opinions. Do you honestly disagree with that?
&gt;Instead of that, what is something small and actionable that you can do to contribute to a solution? Literally nothing.
Fan enough that I also own a Z07 car, although not a vert. Almost 29k miles over 4+ years.
Pretty sure you can order the carbon brakes separately depending on the year, but it does look like a Z07 car due to the aero as well.
Just actually start a company and start actually working on it and you'll be ahead of most people. I personally would avoid getting into relationships and other time sinks until you are somewhat successful as well.
It's still probably the most popular thing I've ever had a hand in.
Now to be fair I have to admit to breaking my own rules, although I was already pretty successful when I got married for the first time.
If it works for you, it works. Just be careful about getting bogged down in life and starting to take the "safe" route because of XYZ issues.
Driving enjoyment wise the 812 has a more aggressive gearing and transmission that's fun as hell. It's just the Superfast version of the F12 ;) I'll have more thoughts after I track the 812 which is happening .... TODAY! Leaving in a few mins to drive down there.
&gt;Not the *best* advice, since many people choose to just "follow their passion" or "start something" just to get in the race, without market research, a strategy or an end goal. And those people if they keep it at will eventually figure shit out. If people don't actually start doing anything they will never get anywhere. &gt; I would say start with trying to find a product or service with genuine demand where you can have a unique selling proposition over the competition. This is great, but you actually have to do it and launch the product.
Is it for sale?
&gt; I feel it isn't my place to talk about a subject she is clearly very uncomfortable talking about and I don't like to upset her. That's literally what friends are for. Her ex is clearly stalking her.
I consider this watch kind of the twin of my YG YM2.
Yeah, I don't get it. Nobody is talking about installing HVAC systems, we are talking about selling $400 portable units that will work in basically any room with a window.
I like the idea, just arrange to have a few cargo containers of portable AC units arrive every June and then sell them off over the summer. A lot of people here are saying it's impossible to install AC units in Germany or something. Apparently they aren't very familiar with the portable units that roll around and just need a tube to the window. Super easy to install quickly and remove when not needed and throw in the closet.
Ferrari 812 Superfast
Lol, like they would ever reduce a tax.
&gt;And billionaires think it's better for them if they own their money. Not just billionaires, everyone. If you want to take my shit you better bring a gun.
Actually that's exactly what it means. Property rights are important. What you are really saying is that you know better than them what to do with their stuff.
&gt;You don't see a problem with the people who have the money being the sole determinant of merit? Who said that? Having money is having money, it's not merit, it's money. How do you confuse that? &gt;They tend to have poor taste in morals. So all rich people have poor taste in morals? This is laughable, I'm sorry but are you picturing someone chomping a cigar while putting coal in everyone's stocking? &gt;Besides, your arguments aren't consistent - creation of value is subjective. It being subjective is exactly why life isn't a zero sum game. If I have plenty of fish, and you have plenty of ducks, we both benefit from trading some ducks for fish. &gt; If you drink it yourself, by your metric, no value is created; This isn't necessarily true btw. If you benefit from it you've created value for yourself. Same with cleaning your own kitchen. It's just hard to sell that to someone else. &gt;If there is no meaningful, inherent value function to work, then they are all subjective Yes. And that doesn't matter. If I make lemonade and someone doesn't want lemonade it has no value to them. If someone likes lemonade but isn't thirsty they also aren't going to buy it. So what? Literally makes no difference. I don't get why you think this is some important point. Yes value is completely subjective. &gt;Changing or recalibrating those social structures is what we're talking about. This doesn't even make any sense to me. Change the nature of reality?
Ok I don't disagree with that. Although I have serious doubts about farmers getting outcompeted by vat grown meat anytime soon.
Yeah at this point write the check means have the computer tell the other computer to change a number somewhere. If only robots could take over my work, I would be soooo happy.
Yeah, it's just an amazing movies on so many levels. Really really fucking well done.
NTA this is fucking awesome. Own it.
&gt; In reality, a lot of these people just slid in at the right time and executed it with intelligence along with a good level of responsibility. Who? Can someone post who is a successful business owner who didn't work their ass off please?
Yeah there might be a definition problem of what hard work is. Also, once you get things going stuff can steamroll along on it's own pretty well in some cases. I'm not convinced you have to work 24/7 to be successful. You do however actually have to be productive enough to get everything going. It's the results not the hours. How could it be any other way really? The hours are just a poor way to measure productivity.
&gt;It depends on your definition of “working your ass off” as well as your definition of successful. Yeah thinking about it I've definitely come to the same conclusion. It's just very subjective to talk about. &gt;Working 40-50 hours a week is not really considered working your ass of in today’s standard. I would agree. That's a pretty normal work week.
&gt; I imagine 20-30$ a gigabyte will probably be realistic Not a chance. Way too high.
Why does 5 years matter or not matter if you don't know the costs involved? What are your baseline assumptions about satellite cost that you aren't saying? Basically you aren't convincing me without some better numbers.
&gt;Because their competition (like HughesNet) has satellites that last considerably longer which automatically lowers their operating costs. Give me an example of the cost of a HughesNet satellite, launch costs and related lifetime compared to the SpaceX sat. It's very obvious that you don't have a clue given you are wanting to compare a geosat bird with a LEO bird. These sats aren't even in the same universe and directly comparing them is completely silly.
&gt;My price speculation isn't high at all. You are speculating on starlink pricing but using a competitor with a system built on completely different technology. That doesn't make any sense.
Ah, office wars. Brings back memories.
Makes sense.
I would, they are great cars.
Ok producer michael ;)
Net worth of a million or first time I did a deal that made me a million in cash?
I'm really curious about your unschooling experiences.
&gt; The abundance exists but it’s being hoarded by people who are really good at taxes — most totally above board and legal. There is no hoarding. It's not their problem if you refuse to stick out your cup and collect the rain.
&gt;This isn't really an argument against UBI, since the problem remains without it, just something where it seems that there may still be a problem. Sure it's an argument against. It's actually the strongest argument against an individual taking a UBI. Why would you want to be dependent on the government to earn a living? That just makes you vulnerable to abuse of political power with literally no recourse. It's a horrible situation to be in.
&gt;The problem I'm referring to is workers losing their indispensability. Which is not what i was responding to. I was responding to the part about them being dependent on the government, which is IMHO a bad thing. &gt; This is still a problem whether or not the government treats the symptoms, unless you're claiming everything would be fixed without the government being involved. The idea that workers become dispensable I think is a poor argument that ignores human nature. The chances of everyone just stopping competing is pretty much zero, and this is what this assumes. Singularity notwithstanding, but I don't think anyone can predict what would happen if we are dealing with a machine super-intelligence (most likely our extinction).
Yes there are certainly a lot of different ways of taxing people. Of course, if they aren't working or are working in the black market what are you going to tax? &gt;With a UBI we’re on the cusp of eliminating poverty. Nah, we will just redefine it to mean the button fifth or whatever like we do now. Real poverty is exceptionally rare in any modern democracy.
Sounds like time to level up and start your own place to me.
&gt;I mean they are arbitrary because they aren't based on some sort of universal truth but by that metric so is almost everything. Exactly. There is no universal truth about how jobs should be graded, therefore we come up with arbitrary ones.
&gt; I see this more as an indictment of schooling than as an endorsement of unschooling. Most definitely. We all know that schoools are far from perfect. &gt;I didn't really like kids when I was one, was never any good at being one, and am never going to have any of my own, so I'm really the last person who should be commenting in this thread. Yeah, I was just curious about the unschooling. I know someone who raised their family like that.
I think top quality japanese food is a lot more common than top quality thai food. A lot of the preparation at Thai places tends to be "ok" but not amazing. The best thai place I used to go to was amazing though, really great. Unfortunately it closed and I literally can't get drunken noodles or any of their other stuff as good anywhere else. Not even close in fact.
Having failures is fairly normal and an accepted part of being successful long term. It's how you learn. IMHO there is a lot of non-obvious stuff that goes into making a game. Unless you are some kind of massive genius getting it right the first time out is... really really hard. So you need to be prepared for multiple bites at the apple and really be long term committed. Just my 2 cents after 25+ years of shipping games, so great, some not so much.
Seriously? What kind of crazy stats mangling do you do to make that a reality?
For mixing cocktails I adore the Plantation Xaymaca.
The future is everyone living in a tiny box eating yeast.
At least I'm not a scruffy looking nerf herder.
I always find it interesting when amateurs try to do game design.
So why didn't you stand up for yourself then? I'm always astounded at people for not drawing a line in the sand. If you want me to do a new more complex job, you gotta pay me more or, no I'm not doing it. Why would you put up with that?
Dah fuq kind of crazy stuff is this.
&gt;I don't see why the government can't manage luxury rental properties. You're kidding right? Nobody could be this naive.
Never said it was easy. It's kind of a crappy situation right? You are being "promoted" and your job made harder but you aren't given any additional comp. That's schizoid on the part of the employer. It's probably only one of many red flags that have already happened. But sticking your head in the sand and ignoring it isn't a solution. Again, you are being offered a shit sandwhich. Take a bite or leave right? To me it's not even close, you leave. Maybe you take a couple of bites while you look for a new gig. Again this is not a "good job" is they are making you take on more but not backing it up with pay.
It's not a myth. The system you are describing will end up being corrupted almost immediately. You will get a good apartment by bribing the right official instead of paying a landlord.
Yeah, so I'm Canadian and I've seen corruption first hand. Most notably in the most government controlled sector of healthcare. Furthermore, I have family members that can't even find a family doctor. Why? Because the government sucks at running health care and there isn't enough doctors. Imagine the same situation but with houses. That's what you are asking for.
Or they have a brain and realize that no system is perfect but we still have to pick a system. Capitalism might not be perfect but it's better than the alternatives all of which involve heavy authoritarianism.
&gt;Because after full UBI, people would be starting co-ops with zero startup cash and zero compensation structures for anyone involved. Ok, so you have a partnership with equal ownership to begin with. Many many small companies start this way (an LLC is a common way to structure this). That's something people do right now, it's incredibly common. &gt; If the co-op makes a lot of money after five or ten years, they can all vote on whether to pocket any of it or reinvest it in the business, or how much of each. This is exactly how most partnership LLCs work right now. You figure out the profits and how much will be paid out. Standard procedure for many small companies today. &gt;If the co-op makes no money after five or ten years, then who gives a shit because you made a lot of friends and built some cool stuff and it was all for fun anyway since you don't need the money to feed your kids. Well putting a few years of work into something that doesn't pay off generally kinda sucks no matter how you slice it. I know, I've been there ;) &gt;Most post-UBI co-ops will make zero money. The few that do make money will comprise an ecosystem of not one or two but thousands of facebooks and amazons, and these business will dominate the economy because that's where all the young creative energy will go -- not to working for a boss, but to working for yourself. The economy will eventually be all worker owned businesses, none of which would have succeeded without the risk-taking enabled by UBI. All you've really done is restate your point. I'm asking you mechanically how these companies would fare vs the competition where people are getting paid. For example if I'm paying $150k a year I can hire software engineers that won't for for you for your free UBI income. If I have money to spend I can also market my product, which you can't do because you have limited capital. Also, if you do anything that needs machinery or other capital that's outside of your UBI income you are screwed. There are many industries where the capital requirements are high enough you wouldn't even be able to participate. So instead of restating your fantasy scenario, maybe talk more about how you think these co-ops would outcompete real companies with real funding. I don't see it at all but then again I also have quite a bit of experience in this area.
You either have freedom, in which case capitalism can flourish, or you don't have freedom you have authoritarianism. To turn off capitalism you have to basically take over the economy. This means you have to tell people what to do with their ilves. That's a fundamentally anti-freedom and anti-human point of view. So even if it magically fixed economic problems (it won't) I would still be against handing over authority for my life to someone else. So what do you do with the people like me who want freedom under your scenario? The typical answer is either death or slavery. Both seems kinda sucky in my mind. This has nothing to do with the failures of socialism. Whether an authoritarian system "works" or not is a side issue to me if it removes my freedom to control my own life.
&gt;you don't want to discuss socialism because it's "overloaded," but throw around the word authoritarian to encompass basically any other system that isn't capitalism. lol, ok. Exactly. Because capitalism is based on having freedom to associate and run your own life. &gt;you lack a fundamental understanding of capitalism, as is evident by all of your responses thus far. I'm pretty good at playing the capitalism game for someone who lacks an understanding of it. &gt;and, for the record, listening to your neighbor's biased opinions about a country doesn't make you familiar with socialism. Yes, I've commonly seen this attitude from nutter socialists that the people who have lived under the system aren't entitled to an opinion. Wrong. &gt;please read some books about capitalism, history, philosophy, socialism, and marxism. I seriously doubt you are more well read than me given I assume you are about 20 years younger than I am.
&gt;billions of people around the world are suffering at the expense of its existence and our participation in it This is the utmost nonsense. Capitalism is what has brought billions out of poverty. &gt;And, again, I would suggest that you read some more books. And I suggest you get some experience in the real world dealing with real people.
You are seriously delusional.
Please don't say you are fighting for me as if I'm a child. There is nothing stopping you and all of your friends from creating whatever kind of co-op setup you want right now. Just please leave me out of it.
&gt;I seriously don't get it, I'm talking about a machine that produces enough food to feed the whole world with no effort In your made up scenario sure, everything would be free. Reality doesn't actually work that way though.
How do you apply this to your own career? Are you a union organizer?
He gave well sourced info. You gave him nonsense statements in return. In my eyes you are simply a troll.
Wow that's one helluva gish gallop you got going on there.
&gt;We should address the causes of why it is not a “smart” career move for many Realistically because it's an insanely competitive business. If you aren't top talent you likely aren't going to be successful. Life is short though, so I say go for it.
&gt;By ensuring that profits are distributed back to the workers who put in the effort I'm sorry, are we talking about democratic socialism here? I don't see how it does that. Or are you talking about something else? &gt;Lol in what way is what we have "close to democratic socialism"? We already have a lot of the programs in place, they would just have to be expanded. See medicare for all. As far as overall how the government runs, it's pretty similar to any country with "democratic socialism" and really what's being talked about are things like adjustment to tax rates and expansion of programs. &gt;Democratic ownership of the means of productions Otherwise known as plain old socialism. Not democratic socialism. &gt; A 90% top marginal tax rate. Vacancy taxes. Massive inheritance taxes. Then, layer on some anti-monopoly laws and repeal Citizens United. You honestly think this is going to fix the problem of corporate corruption? Talk about naive.
&gt;It's like...right there. Right where? Are you getting this from a website or something? &gt;Welfare != democratic socialism. Can you point me to a current country that uses it then so I can compare? &gt;Okay, you ask me how, when I detail, you call me names. Saying someone is naive isn't calling them names. It's an adjective. &gt;I guess we're done here. You can't be reasoned with. Certainly not by someone pushing the same tired old communist playbook.
&gt;No, he wasn't elected leader, he proclaimed himself leader and the US backed him. The reason being, he's a US puppet. By the law of Venezuela he is the rightful leader. This has been recognized by over 60 countries. Apparently they know something you don't. &gt;After this is all said and done and the US gets it's puppet into power, the media will lose interest which is when the real stripping of the Country will be done. I have many friends in and from Venezuela. The country has already been stripped. It's done.
Yeah no. Sorry but this is just wrong. Venezuela falling into decay from corruption and bad policy isn't on the US. To the extent the US has been involved it's been about sanctions on the criminals in charge and trying to support the legit government according to the laws of Venezuela. I get that socialists want to defend Venezuela as some kind of victim so they don't get the blame for the horrible failure of the country.
Data also doesn't seem to exist for Seattle. Personally based on the lack of actual information I personally think the origin of most homeless is actively covered up here. The data simply isn't collected so nobody can prove this one way or another. Anecdotally there seems to be an awful lot of people who moved here in the last few years to live in RVs or tents.
&gt;High speed rail from NYC to LA would never be practical, Why not? I've driven across the country, the only real issue is the rockies. The rest of it would be easy to lay rail.
Yeah, because some rich guys mansion is where some average family is going to live. Gimme a break.
We don't even have the political will to let people build housing, let alone do the building. I don't see this idea as being any more feasible than any other idea. People simply don't want density around them and fight like hell to stop it.
Luckily we have something called "economics" which allows us to analyze and answer questions like this. Turns out that the reason housing is so expensive is called "supply and demand" and it seems mostly that the supply is lacking because it's super fucking hard to build anything in a major city due to political bullshit.
&gt; Regulation does not cause building delays; developer incompetence and malfeasance does. &gt; &gt; If you want a building built quickly, it is entirely possible to do so within any set of laws. If you're too stupid to do so, then hand your capital back to the bank so someone else can get the job done. Lol. I can only assume this is some kind of sarcastic joke on your part. You seem to be focusing on the actual construction process instead of the literal years it takes before you even start construction due to red tape and nimbys.
Why aren't they practical?
I also agree the economist is typically a quality source. Again I'm commenting on Seattle though, did they include information for that? I've been paying pretty close attention to this issue for a number of years now in the local area. It's really clear to me that people aren't even trying to answer the question of where all of these people are coming from. LA, as the economist says, might be a different kettle of fish. Overall it's very very muddy though. We simply don't have very good data on the homeless. I find this quite odd personally, it seems like we spending a lot of money to not get much information or results.
In short yes. If you have a popular game expect to take a lot of shit. For me personally it ended up in my disengaging from the fan base for my mental health. "I played this game for 3000 hours but it's shit, don't buy it" Oh and lots of death threats.
This is an opinion piece though right? I'm not really sure I agree that their myths are flat out wrong. I think the situation is more complex than it appears. For example high housing prices are obviously an issue. If housing were cheap than people who were poor could afford it and wouldn't be homeless, so this obviously has to be part of the issue. Another part is zoning. Back in the day we allowed the building of single room occupancy buildings. Today they are gone. It's almost impossible to build "cheap" housing today in a major city because it's been regulated away. Another part is that the west coast is warmer than a lot of the country. This attracts people and adds to the crisis. Sadly we simply don't know how many of the homless here are local vs not. But even if 70% are local that means a bunch have moved here for various reasons. Overall the amount of data available is extremely low in Seattle. Basically they do one fairly unscientific count of the homeless per year. Bottom line, what we've been doing hasn't worked. I personally think it's crazy to let people live on the street. We should be building shelter and forcing them to use it (and it needs to include nearby services and potentially even jobs).
&gt;People certainly do want to live in dense cities or else these cities wouldn't exist. No one is forced to live in a place like Brooklyn (or many other dense cities) but they want access to the jobs NYC offers and well as the cultural experience of city life. People who truly hate it find a way to leave. Sure but many cities are not NYC. For example in Seattle we have many neighborhoods of single family homes. The people who live there have been systematically trying to stop any upzoning for years now. They want to live in the city, but in a single family home neighborhood. They don't want any changes. &gt;I think you're talking about NIMBYs who want to maintain an on-going housing crisis to preserve the value of their investments and their ability to live off of productive people. I agree they are dug in like ticks and it will take a full on crusade to dislodge them. What I mentioned above can be part of the crusade - it exists alongside private developers and could be the thin wedge we use to break landlords. Exactly. Although I don't think it's mainly about investment, it's simply about what they view as quality of life. Joe average is terrified of change.
&gt;A key observation is that homelessness isn't really correlated with where poor people are, it is correlated with where housing/rent is increasing. Yes, but housing/rent also happen to be increasing in places that are attractive to live in. It's not clear to me that it's all about housing prices, although obviously that's a piece of the puzzle. Sadly we really don't have to the data to discuss this but my gut is that a lot of the local homeless population moved here fairly recently. In Seattle in particular it's known as a place you can basically live on the street without as many problems as other cities because the city has policies friendly to that. &gt; no one has been doing anything to address that, so if the opinion is accurate, then no wonder the engine driving homelessness is continuing in those places. Correct. If that is the problem then it will likely never be solved as politics simply won't allow enough housing to be built.
&gt;I meant as-in the vast majority of people entering the homelessness pool are folks previously living in the area, and not some form of economic/social migration problem from across the country. I get that it's their opinion but the data for that is just lacking in my area. Maybe they have good LA area data, but that doesn't also mean it applies to every city. For example, Seattle has had immense population growth anyway. A lot of people are new. How do you decide who is a local anyway? There is a lot of room for obfuscation here, even if we had data, which we don't because they won't collect it. Why they are covering it up I have no idea, at a minimum it's incompetence. &gt;IMHO the 'issue' of homelessness isn't really how visible it is is to affluent neighborhoods. It is as far as I'm concerned. I don't want to walk around places like downtown Seattle and downtown San Francisco if I can avoid it. Bellevue on the other hand is a nice place to hang out and do some shopping. If you don't think that effects all of the people that live in those areas that aren't homeless then you are delusional. Property crime is outta control in Seattle, for example. The bottom line is that we spend a crazy amount of money and the problem just keeps getting worse. Obviously the policies we are using are failing.
Yup, and nobody seems to give a shit. I'm starting to wonder if we should even care as the market seems to just absorb this. Or is this the silence before the storm? We may not be managing our finances well but nobody else seems to be either. A trillion a year.... I guess a trillion isn't what it used to be..
Ottawa. The ownership sucks right now so it's hard to even follow them. Got my club seats dialed in, can't wait until the arena is finished! I signed up for 7 years so I'll be at a few games...
Utter nonsense. Nobody is out there trying to keep you down just because they don't support giving you free money.
Given that AI and automation make everyone richer I don't see how it's a problem to be solved. Quite watching youtube videos claiming people are horses.
If you read Marx he was pretty clear this has to naturally evolve. The idea is that as things automate the price of stuff will drop. At some point things become so cheap it doesn't matter anymore. If you think about it a lot of manufactured crap is actually really really cheap now. Not to get anyone's hopes up, actual full automation is a lifetime away at best. There are quite a few unknowns about what that looks like and it's not something we can try to force to come about.
Not to mention getting the fries properly brown but also soft inside through double frying. Preferably in peanut oil if you want the best.
&gt;Yea I feel you here. Still a fan of Yang though. The guy is Uber smart. I like some aspects of what he is saying, but I think he is a bit too enamored with using government power to magically fix stuff. &gt; Even if we are creating more jobs, we are destroying thousands more compared to creating more. Today that isn't really the case. This could happen but hasn't so far. &gt;Everyone keeps saying, well AI is freeing us to to do better quality of work. Fully automated shipping container yard in LA goes from hundreds of operating engineers to a few data and AI analysts. I foresee this taking place in anything that is psychically related. Except things like plumbing, and Uber dirty jobs, which in reality are still few too many jobs. As a technologist myself I'm not sure I believe the hype. I don't see a magic automation wave coming. I do see a bunch of tools that will make us more productive but the usual restrictions still apply. In a lot of ways it's diminishing returns from now on out. We are really good at taking things that have large scale and making them efficient. So if you want to make a single widget, it's costly. If you want to make a billion widgets it's cheap. A lot of people seem to think we are close to cracking that and making distributed work more automated, but I don't see a ton of evidence for that. For example sweeping up, tidying, cleaning floors, cleaning toilets, doing dishes etc. are very difficult jobs. We've had dishwashing machines for years but they have to be loaded. Note there are multiple ways we get around this (for example fast food uses disposable packaging). &gt;My worry is most competent people are in high industry because they are incentivized to be. Fed Government to change on a switch how we teach and learn needs a figure head like Nelson Mandela to captivate the masses with an entirely different approach Honestly I think you are worrying about something that has been and will continue to be a net good. There is a lot of chicken little sky is falling type thinking going on. If you really want to help people in the USA the top issue is the broken healthcare system. That's what is fucking people right now.
&gt;I guess the problem I see is that we are producing more and more wealth, but our average standard of living is not increasing. Except it has been increasing but everybody is a frog in a fish tank. In addition some sectors are completely broken like health care and housing. Both of those lay at the feet of government over regulation.
I learned from the best (interrogating the people making my poutine at the best places). For example my favorite place: https://www.tripadvisor.com.ph/LocationPhotoDirectLink-g155004-d4035757-i144299524-Fritomania-Ottawa_Ontario.html
Congrats, this is a great work your way up story!
&gt;Or like, people just have less children, or the working class is gradually reduced to a state where they can easily be abused. This is extreme guessing on your part. People have less kids when they are doing well, not when they are poor. &gt;How could they ever produce anything cheaper than the automaters? You said they have no money. So opt out and make stuff for each other like now. If the automaters have no customers they will go away anyway. Also this idea that automation will reduce the cost of everything to zero simply isn't true. The idea that there will be no jobs is also crazy level silly.
Except the last 200 years have shown that's not how it works. That's not how any of this works.
I drove one, it's very enjoyable although I prefer my 812. The wheel gap is simply the angle although you can lower the car if you want (which I think is silly but most people commenting won't own a Ferrari anyway).
&gt; The actual main point of UBI is counteracting the natural tendency for capitalism to concentrate wealth over time. This is necessary to do because money that pools at the top is less economically beneficial than money that is circulating, This is, at best, a misunderstanding of capital. Using the word money means you really don't have a grasp on this issue. I also take issue with this idea that wealth simply concentrates at the top and that never changes. The richest americans of 100 years ago were very wealthy, but not the same wealthy as the people we have today. People make fortunes, then their families spread them out over time. There isn't really any evidence that having a tech wealth bubble is bad for americans. There is a lot of shoddy thinking going on in the area of inequality because it tickles people's fairness bone.
You think this woman has any intention of working an honest job ever? You apparently don't know the type very well...
Nice place to dive! I almost always wear a submariner as a backup. Although if my dive computer was to go my week would get messed up pretty bad anyway. Wish I had the idea to take a picture underwater though.. next time.
What you are describing is simply living a financially irresponsible life. Getting into doubt, living beyond your means, not saving for retirement. That's not an income issue, that's a being bad with money issue.
Do the crime, do the time I suppose. This is in the back of my mind when I'm going down the road at 150mph.
I don't see the problem and the NHL can suck my big one on this.
I feel like I've played this videogame.
Plenty of reaction time on wide freeways with very slight corners. 150+ gets dicey on public roads but that's reserved for pretty rare places.
I totally agree. If I fuck up and kill myself and/or others that shit is on me. On the flip side I usually will only do 150 on the street in very safe spots. 120 is a little different because I can pretty much hit that on most onramps, but it's also a lot quicker to slow down from than 150.
And if it was actually reckless you might have a point, but 120mph is perfectly safe in many places. The cars are a lot more capable than you give them credit for especially mine. I have a lot of hours behind the wheel and have had a significant amount of driver training as well. So no I don't think speeding violates the NAP unless it's actually done in a wreckless manner.
So basically in your opinion there is no safe place to drive 120mph? If anyone is delusional it's you. I find it hilarious that the libertarian subreddit is so conservative they get their panties in a bunch about someone SPEEDING. Wow.
Yeah I've noticed that. Not a lot of rebels here. Mostly leftists who are actually looking to argue because nobody can argue in their own censored echo chamber subs.
Honestly being actually wreckless is terrifying. I've seen people doing some crazy shit. For example I followed this guy in a pickup WITH A TRAILER driving insanely down 101 in Oregon. I'm talking passing people on double lines on a blind hill, WITH A TRAILER.
Also, I have long hair. I'm actually a rebel unlike most of the pretenders in here. I'm the asshole with the long hair and the Metallica blasting as I rocket past you. Metallica makes me drive faster...
&gt;You have entirely too much confidence in your car. It's very confidence inspiring. &gt;. I linked a page with statistics that have facts about how increased speed, both absolute and relative to others, increases accident rate, but I guess you’ll ignore that. Driving is inherently dangerous. The faster you drive, the more dangerous. Obviously those are facts. However, that doesn't mean current speed limits are set with safety in mind or that breaking them is somehow violating the NAP. &gt; If you’re blasting along at 120mph in the left lane of a highway and some car going 50 changes into your lane without seeing you, you will wish you were going 80. Yes indeed, you have to be careful. However, as long as you are maintaining visibility there is plenty of time to slow down. &gt;With a slight lapse of attention at the wrong time, If I'm going fast I'm paying attention. It's the zombies driving along at the limit in the left lane that are the ones that fuck things up. &gt;That is not the case if you just drive 10-15 over the limit max like the rest of us. No. And you can't make me!
Holy nanny state libertarians around here.
&gt;Having long hair and liking Metallica doesn't make you a rebel. Yes they are just symptoms. &gt;You're either very wealthy or more likely faking being very wealthy and either way you are incredibly entitled. Where the heck did wealth come into this? Honestly curious. &gt;Public roads are not built for 100 mph+ travel, and a single unexpected occurence - an animal carcass, a person crossing the highway, a fallen branch, a new pothole....at those speeds any of those spell absolute unavoidable disaster. Lots of videos on YouTube of "experienced" drivers like you plowing their supercars into fixtures through their hubris and recklessness. We aren't talking about random roads here though, I know how to pick my spots. I've been driving high horsepower cars on the road regularly for decades now. I don't even get tickets, let alone have accidents. It's completely possible to drive 120 safely in many situations. &gt;Go to the Utah salt flats, a track, or fly to Germany and get on the Audubon. I regularly push my cars at the track. We are disagreeing on where the line is for the street, not whether there is one. &gt;Seriously, if you dont see how driving 150 on a public road endangers public safety (not horrifically killing people is sort of a fundamental libertarian ideal) then you're not just delusional, you're exactly the reason libertarianism isn't a mainstream concept. Have you ever driven on I-90 in the middle of the desert? There are plenty of places where you can do a 150 run safely. &gt;Please, please wise up before you kill one or more people Or, maybe I'll drive in what I consider to be a prudent manner.
I think both of the cars look good. When I owned the F12 I thought it looked better than the 812. Once I switched my brain switched as well. It's all relative. The F12 has a super classic Ferrari look like a beautiful woman. Sleek lines, neat wheel arches, big single tail lights and that ovary swoop on the back down the F1 light. The front is very aggressive looking as well. Hard to complain man and if I could justify it I would have kept mine but it was too much to own two. The 812 look grows on you but it looks better in darker colors. It's a surprisingly large car up close. Driving wise it feels more settled than the F12 and it kicks you in the butt more than you would think. The rear wheel steering makes it feel nimble, although a 488 still feels go-kart like in comparison. Both have ungodly amount of V12 goodness though. Can't go wrong. In the long run they are very very similar cars.
I haven't tried this exact recipe but I found the wings were weird after sous viding them. I usually just double fry them and they come out amazing. Once at about 260 for 5-6 mins then refry at 375+ until they are brown and crispy.
I dunno about the SBA stuff but I would make sure their numbers are iron clad tight before doing a deal. Make sure you review all of their lease information, and get a forensic accountant to look at at everything. Is that 18% margin after paying the GM etc?
Wow, talk about an article full of bullshit and hype.
I have a can of it right here.
Flip the face normals and voila.
Yeah that's not a bad description flavor wise. They don't make it anymore but I bought a 24 pack of it when it was available years ago. The OCP website is still up but I'm pretty sure they aren't active anymore. That was the company doing licensing deals for this kind of thing. I think I have two cans or so left.
I spend about $1000 a year on pressure washing, so yeah. I don't wanna do it.
The first question potential investors are going to ask is "how much are you going to sell this for and how are we going to make money?" and that's not a question they will answer for you. That's the one they need an answer to so they can invest.
&gt; The owners of the company I work for love it and want to implement it. Ok, so how much are they will to pay for it? What's the business case for them? Certainly this should give you some insight as to what the pricing model should be like. &gt;I’m open to suggestions!! Try selling it to people! See what you can get for it. Investment money is very expensive because you are going to give up ownership and a lot of control if you take it. Unless there are high inherent capital requirements bootstrap it if you possibly can.
More likely a car show that is starting/ending. A lot of times you end up parking on grass at concour type events (I should know I have a trophy!)
I think they look really good in person.
True story, my very first business was snow shoveling. I charged people $20 a month to keep their driveway clear, whether it snowed a little, or a lot.
&gt;I meet with them in the next few weeks to figure out what they’d pay for it. This is my weak spot though. I don’t know how to place a value on it. At this point, I just want to make enough to fund more development. Is my mindset wrong there? It's not wrong, but you are far from having a real product if you are that early. You need to understand what kind of value this is creating for people in concrete $$$ terms so you can understand how to price it and how profitable it can be. That's just an utterly key part of monetizing anything. &gt;When you said “Try selling it to people!” I start getting excited. However, I know my mindset is screwed up here. There isn’t anyone doing what I’m doing in this corner yet and I’m almost afraid to show my ideas. My biggest fear is someone seeing it and thinking “yeah I’ll just make it myself for cheaper”. Is that irrational? This is often people's first thought. One of the key elements of any great business is that you can built a moat around it. How do you protect yourself from competition? If the idea is trivial enough that just knowing the idea is most of the solution then it might not be a great business. What work do you have to put in to make it work? What kind of expertise do you need to develop to turn it into a business? Why you vs someone else? All good questions. Personally I think there is a large amount of benefit about being open with your ideas and discussing them with people. None of the businesses I've started have required secrecy around the idea because there are inherent barriers to entry. Certainly no investors that are serious are going to sign an NDA to look at your idea, that's not done except in exceptional cases. &gt; I mean it took me two years to make but that was because I’m woefully underfunded. Should I ask for an NDA before pitching my ideas or is that just ridiculous? That's ridiculous. Nobody is going to sign an NDA unless they are a fool, in which case they likely aren't going to make good customers or investors anyway. &gt;Part of me wants to protect what I’ve worked really hard on, and the other part just wants everyone to see it so I can get feedback and keep developing. Any advice on that? Be open but understand your legal options for protection. If you have something truly novel and valuable you may be able to patent it, for example. However, for that to be worth it you really need to know how much value this thing creates. Have you done no analysis of this at all? You need to really focus on what kind of value this invention creates. What does the business plan look like? How does it make money for you and for potential investors? That's something that you need to really understand.
In other news critics are just trying to create clickbait.
Man I thought that was a lot.
Not a big deal IMHO, a Boxster isn't going be dangerous to drive.
NTA. Smoking inside is disgusting. I wouldn't let anybody do that at my house, hell no.
Now I'm really curious. I thought the meal I had at masa was second to none and so was the service. One of the first thing I asked when I came in was about how they keep the wood so clean. "Oh we sand it every day sir" and then they pointed out it had been flipped and you could see how it was sanded down. Also had some great Sake pairings, so I want to hear about how they treat the staff. I've also eaten at Quince which was one of my fav meals of all time. The liquid chocolate to go stuff is insane.
Honestly we had kind of a crap experience at Robuchon because we argued over the quality of the wine we ordered. It wasn't even like an insanely expensive bottle, but I've never had a somme argue with the party about it like that before (they eventually caved but it left a bad taste in my mouth). I suppose though every place can have an off night or whatever.
I mean from my perspective they weren't sitting around watching us, stuff was happening. You got the dude who's job it is to toast the bread, just toasting away those little pieces for example. Definitely got pretty hammered from all the Sake though so it got kinda blurry towards the end.
NTA and your parents aren't very good at their job of parenting. How are they going to handle this when you are off at school? Surely they don't intend your sister sleeps in your bed while you attend college?
Hell I have a friend that can sit down at a piano and make up music on the fly that sounds good. He also happens to be a relatively famous composer. Some people are really good at some crazy skills.
So someone guy these kids a switch then?? Obvious solution is obvious.
Why not? We all make mistakes, have emotions, say stuff out of anger etc. It's called being human. If anything putting billionaires on a pedestal like you are doing is the silly view.
It's almost like people are complex and not always rational or self aware. Crazy, who knew?
I wonder what Tom would think if he was asked about it. I consider myself a genius engineer and I think Elon clearly falls into that category but that's just one man's opinion...
&gt;Because lives get ruined. When Elon Musk throws a tantrums people lose their homes. Their livelihoods. If you dont think so, do some research into the guy. That's the stakes of the game when you are a billionaire. That applies to anyone that has a lot of influence on a business. This isn't an Elon Musk objection, it's a reality objection on your part. &gt;Hes thrown employees under the bus after years of service, illegally slandering them, just because hes having an emotional outburst. Yes, it's apparent he is human like the rest of us. I'm sure you've never thrown a tantrum in your entire life. &gt;He evicted an entire elderly community in Texas and most of them will die before recovering or being able to reestablish themselves. I really hope you aren't trying to spin buying out Boca Chica as kicking the elderly out of their homes.
&gt;Tesla has been found guilty of violating labor law. Don't care. I'm pretty sure you break some laws on a regular basis too. &gt;We can also absolutely judge him by how he chooses to use his capital. Of course you can judge him, but your opinion carries no weight so why bother?
I think we also have to acknowledge that money isn't magic and you can't automatically convert "dollars given away" to "good done" in any reasonable sense.
&gt;Seems like collective ownership and control would be a better long term benefit. Why does it seem like this to you? Whenever we try that it seems to backfire pretty quickly...
Hard to go wrong with this, pretty sure I've had this bottle sometime in the last decade.
Can you explain what being aligned with antifa means? I'm not clear on it at all.
He has good taste in cars. Although I much prefer the forged racing wheels.
The weird thing is that they should appreciate it. There are so many places in the world where there is no ladder to climb at all.
&gt; Your theory relies on metrics that can't capture being wrong. This is an extremely profound idea that you've stated here. I wish more people could wrap their heads around it. Think outside the box, consider that how things look from a particular perspective could be skewing the outcome etc. People, by and large, don't see to understand this.
Then check out deep sentinel.
NTA. Furthermore if a customer doesn't regularly tip you then I wouldn't serve them at all. Like at all. They aren't paying for service so why should they get it? BTW Management should also be on these customers for not tipping.
I had my heat pump installed a couple of weeks ago, including having an inspector come out. So I would get your water heater replaced ASAP.
Lol, did you look at my post history or do we share exactly the same taste? My Superfast is TDF Blue, yellow calipers, yellow stitching inside although the accents are blue over nero. Basically blue/black/yellow inside and out.
Nah, I got the normal ceramic shields, which I admit a slight preference for. Haven't been doing much driving lately though dammit.
James Cameron DeepSea. Gotta have it.
Again, nonsense. Your lack of experience and imagination are showing. Just because you can't imagine how such a situation would happen doesn't mean it doesn't happen.
Ha, this was going to be my answer as well. Oddly I still love these little buggers even though I see them for what they are (cheap oil &amp; chocolate with a lot of sugar).
This is the only thing that has a chance of working. Or as Ripley said, "Nuke it from orbit, it's the only way to be sure!"
After almost everyone quits their job where does the money actually come from? Just run the printing presses 24/7 until the entire country implodes or what?
Sounds fantastic but I don't believe that will pay for it.
&gt; For instance, checkout at a grocery store. Really? Because those things just look to me like the customer doing the work instead of a checker. In addition they always seem to have at least one staffer monitoring those stations. I personally still prefer going to the real people so they can properly check out bag my stuff as I'm not into doing that myself. So far I'm unimpressed with the robot revolution in grocery checkout. &gt; There's no reason not to replace all cashiers with self checkout machines, and staff only a couple to help when needed Actually there is a reason, it's called customer service. Customers like getting it. Also are you going to replace all the people at the deli counter? All the meat cutters? The cheese mongers? Who am I going to discuss the latest cheeses they just got in with? You know they do something called upselling as well right? It's almost like you have no conception about what people do in an actual grocery store and what it would take to actually replace them all.
That wasn't clear to me at all. Also your last sentence already describes the status quo, the more your income the more you pay already. I don't get where all the extra money is supposed to come from.
&gt;I think we often undervalue and understate exactly how much wealth is concentrated among a very small group of people and corporations. And I think the complete opposite. People massively overstate the amount of wealth that individuals have access to compared to say the government. For example, the richest guy in the US is someone like Bezos or Gates worth just over $100B. If you took every penny of that it and distributed it out to every US citizen it would amount to a one time payment of $500. And it's gone at that point, he owns zero now. You can't tax your way into prosperity for the average citizen. The average citizen needs to be productive and at least pay for themselves in productivity. &gt; A lot of rich people stand to lose a lot of money and corporations to lose a lot of capital and that’s not such a bad thing. You could take it all and it wouldn't let you solve the problem you think you are solving. In fact it would impoverish even more people.
Funding a basic income for people. Where to get the money so the system actually works and is sustainable. You know, the problem of making basic income happen. It's not just a choice, there are many technical issues to work through.
&gt;will they quit their jobs? It's an interesting question and obviously none of us know the answer. As usual it's probably a split right? Obviously some people will. Others won't. One thing I do think will happen is groups of people moving to cheaper rural areas and living together. You get 3 couples in a big farm house on a couple of hundred acres and it's affordable. Over time you can expand the compound, build more houses etc. and nobody has to worry about commuting or whatever. You could probably be banking money every month as you subsidize whatever amount of farming you do. Bottom line, this would have big effects that are hard to predict ahead of time. For all we know it just gets inflated away into housing prices within the first couple of years. Or it has the opposite effect because people leave the cities. Hard to say.
Ah, so one of those just print more people. Personally I don't think that will work. There probably isn't a point in going through all the arguments but there is a lot of evidence that if you print too much you eventually will destroy the value of the currency. So you can get a $2000 basic income but that's not enough hard currency to actually buy anything of use and you starve. Oops.
&gt;How can you possible see 89% of a population living in what is essentially poverty and then blame them for it. Well for one thing because it's not poverty. It's a lack of savings. Which is mainly due to how comfortable people feel about things. I guarantee you covids will show cause an increase in savings rate. This is mass psych, you can't look at the surface level stuff. &gt;No one WANTS to love paycheck to paycheck, Yet they do anyway. I've known plenty of people where income is simply not the issue. Most people lack financial discipline.
I mean to some extent though this is why her food is bad. How do you improve without getting real feedback?
Just wanted to throw a vote your way and say I agree. Weapons of mass instruction indeed.
This is actually a good point that I've tried to make to friends in the past. The current "environment" that we live in is not where we evolved and not what we are suited for. There are many signs of this and you make some good points. Obesity btw is a good one. It's a clash between what our bodies expect and our current environment.
You might get surprised by food prices here.
Although these days $1.4M might be too low end for BT.
I remember when this car was the new hotness. It's only been 5 years since I sold mine, wish I coulda held onto it.
I've heard quite a bit about people preferring to stay on unemployment making the same or more as they would working and just preferring not to work. Duh.
Nice of you to contribute!
&gt;The libertarian party needs to be more inclusive if we ever want to get into office. This is never going to happen, so why worry about it? The way I look at it is we are here to advocate for freedom. Most people don't want freedom or responsibility for their own lives. They don't want to compete. They would prefer a level playing field where they get their "share" doled out to them. Trying to attain political office as a libertarian is almost a complete waste of time. &gt; Got to start somewhere right? The war is long over, all we can do is hope for some small victories for freedom here and there. Overall it's not looking great right now.
It's hard to disagree with such a simple platitude. Really what people need are the basics (being able to read and type) and then access to the internet will fill in the rest. So I would argue internet access might be even more important.
Not his circus or his monkeys though. The proper way to deal with this is to let them get bored and tear themselves apart. See Occupy for deets.
&gt;You'd need to be literally retarded or never leave your autistic bubble to think "most people don't want freedom or responsibility" All I can go by is the policies people advocate for which are overwhelmingly "give us safety over freedom!" instead of "give me liberty, or give me death!" I'm not saying libertarians think this way, but most people aren't libertarians.
&gt;You're living in a bubble. I'm just going by mainstream society man. It's not an anecdote that most people in this country support a bunch of socialist policies that are the exact opposite of libertarian policies. As for living in a bubble, I prefer living in a nutshell like Austin Powers. &gt;Talking about on paper freedoms is all fine and good but that's not what keeps people up at night. That's not what people are thinking about. Correct. They want free shit. &gt;You're not looking at things from their perspective. They're struggling, they feel their employer is impeding their liberties but they don't have the bargaining power to do anything about it. They think healthcare costs are preventing them from seeing their kids most of the time and when they see them they're exhausted. No, I see that perspective perfectly. But none of them are saying "get government out of my life" if anything they are advocating for single player healthcare or more government intervention in the housing market to build "low income housing" which is one of many daft ideas they bring to the table. People want security, they don't want freedom. &gt;From their perspective, and they're correct from their perspective, it's market actors who are most at fault for their loss of freedoms. So who do they turn to to protect those freedoms? The state, for better or worse. In truth the state and market actors are colluding against them. They feel extorted and denied opportunity at every turn from everyone above them in the pecking order Yes, and they want more government intervention to "fix" the problem. &gt;People don't want to be on welfare. If you've ever been to a welfare office that's immediately obvious. Most people are embarrassed. They want to work. I also agree with this, most people don't want to be on the dole. Who would? But people do get trapped by it all the same. &gt;and that definition isn't going to be yours in what I can only assume is a relatively cosy life. Most people's issues are the same as my issues. Cost of schooling (due to government student loans). Cost of healthcare (due to government over regulation and interference in the healthcare market). Cost of housing (due to government interference in the housing market) etc. The issues are all the same, it's the solutions that people are calling for which are liberty based. Liberty isn't even an aspect they consider. &gt;But to claim they want to become sucklers of the state is just ignorant. How else you do describe it? Free education, free healthcare, free housing. This is what many many are calling for today. They don't give two shits about freedom. Anyway I'm guessing you aren't a libertarian?
&gt;Sorry, you lost the right to civility when you went full strawman. Don't worry, there is no right to civility. We can all go full dick if we want to. You just led the way. &gt;There's no conversing with someone who thinks he's the smartest hardest working man alive who is the soul arbiter of freedom, people's thoughts, people's experiences and people's motivations. I really don't understand how you got that from what I said. At all. &gt;Sorry bro, I have a decent career, I'm looking to buy a house soon and I've recently began investing to decent success. I would say good luck, but with an attitude like yours I'm sure you'll fail.
&gt;But it does support my accusation: you're not arguing on anything based on reality. You make shit up, respond to that, then do anything to confirm your biases. It would make this a lot smoother if you would quote me so I know what you are referring to, because I'm way lost on what it is you think I said. My main point in this thread is that joe average is very happy to trade off freedom for more security. Do you disagree with that? &gt;You know what they're thinking and what their motivations are because you truly are a god among men. No, I just look at what they say and do. I never claimed to be a god, this stuff is kind of obvious. Anyway way I don't expect you to respond to my actual question so fuck off.
&gt;This is why free speech is dying though. 100%. It's basically insane out there right now, speaking out risks your livelihood. I fully expect someone to mine my argue with people on the internet comments and throw them back in my face in the future in a commercial context. I should delete this account.
Actually this sounds like the opposite of capitalism which requires non-corrupt markets and relatively sane court systems and rule of law. I feel for you man, if it was me and I would be looking for a way out.
Nah, this video is fake because you got way further than most people just by actually opening up unity and creating a project. That's elite.
How do I get into game development? Make a game. How do I do that? One step at a time. So I have to do stuff? Yes. That too hard though. What's the shortcut? There is no spoon.
&gt;Yup, constructors at Ferrari don't need to love racing themselves. This is the example you use? Ain't nobody working at Ferrari that isn't passionate about racing, it's the whole point top to bottom of the organization. &gt;Same with video game makers. For example, I can make animations or netcode for a MOBA, if my team is making a MOBA. But I don't like MOBAs at all. But it's not a problem, it's enough that I like animating or making netcode. Meh, I've worked with people like this and they can produce great code, but they don't tend to make great videogames unless they are carefully managed.
That's not a "typical" game job though. A typical job is being an artist/dev/producer or whatever and getting paid a decent salary. I'm not even sure I would call a QA job in games a real job, at best it's a foot in the door. That's not to shit on all QA people btw, there are pros out there, but they make way more than $9/hr because they are orchestrating the test plan etc.
&gt; Fact is you made a blanket statement that wasn't really true My blanket statement is that working in the game industry, on average, is better than the average job. YMMV I guess but I see it as a completely true statement. Maybe my experience is whack, but after 25+ years I know a lot of people who have had very long and successful careers...
&gt;I got a tour of DAF in the Netherlands (also part of paccar). Cool, they actually showed us some pictures of that stuff too. &gt;. They don't even interact with trucks, they just program simulations of things like aerodynamics. Ok, well I guess you found a career where it doesn't matter if you care.
&gt;I hate to break it to you, but you're not exactly the only person here with experience working with AAA games companies. Never said I was. However, I also have a lot more experience than just working at a company. &gt;My only point, at least initially, was that your blanket statement was incorrect. Jobs definitely exist within the games industry that are not better than a non-games job somewhere else. Ok, but your statement doesn't follow the facts. I didn't say that all game jobs are better than all non game jobs. That's obviously false. &gt; I'm also not particularly convinced that similarly-functioning jobs in other sectors wouldn't pay much more Also another statement I did not make. &gt;though I think we both cede this fact unless I'm mistaken. Correct. &gt;Again, if you'd care to substantiate your claims with evidence rather than personal attacks I'd like to hear it, otherwise it's really not worth more than a link explaining why you're wrong. I just think you are misunderstanding my statement. It doesn't really matter though, the real point is that someone can have a career in games and live a decent life if that's their goal. I see so many people shitting on the industry as if there is no way to have decent quality of life. I want people to understand that you can in fact have a career in games and that you aren't going to have to sacrifice a ton compared to anyone else doing any other job. That being said, games is a hyper competitive business. If one has any doubts at all about wanting to do it then it's not likely for you. But for those who do have that drive there is the potential to have a great career. Do you disagree with any of that?
What effort? Typing is literally no effort. Anyway you are certainly a tiring pedantic person.
Really excellent work. Thank you.
Basically it's just an older generation and they weren't particularly smooth or livable for regular driving. Still a great fast car though.
It's always fun to write your own engine.
&gt;Tying retirement to the stock market was a great move by Wall Street. What's your alternative? Where do you save your money that's not the market? Where do you invest?
Neil Degrasse Tyson. Note what these guys have in common, they aren't in business and don't build stuff.
&gt;Where do I personally invest? In businesses that I've built as side projects with small upfront capital investments (both were less than $20k initial capital and lost or broke even for the first 6 months before becoming self-sustaining). I have a great 401k+match through my firm, but I'd rather keep the money and spend it on building something. Ok, so at some point your businesses start throwing off cash, or you sell one and end up with a big whack of cash you want to turn into long term retirement. What do you do with it? &gt;If you're asking for a broader policy perspective. Reimagining Capitalism is a recent one that is interesting and there are a lot of other good research papers and books on the topic. I'm not. I'm asking in practical terms what the alternatives are to investing in the stock market that you would recommend. I'm with you in reinvesting in your own business, I do that as well. I also buy land. But reimagining capitalism isn't something that can be part of my investment portfolio ;)
Ok, so you reinvest 100% basically and just keep growing? Sounds Bill Gates style ;)
&gt;Governments could fund this in a heartbeat if they wanted to. Of course they could. But election cycles and the current pork setup makes it not practical for them to actually achieve it. &gt; As long as we keep arguing for funding 'to explore the unknown' we aren't going to get funding from significant forces. That much is obvious. Space is just a giant pork barrel project now.
This also reminded me of that. They are both likely doing it on purpose.
Is the swiss only thing a big deal?
I asked because I own a 16613 with a "swiss" dial that I've owned since new (about 20 years). I guess it's one of these rare dials, cool! My wife mostly wears this watch these days (I mostly wear my 116688).
Thanks for bringing up the topic, I had no idea it was an interesting potential rare dial until I saw this.
So basically the gold is to hedge against what exactly? If civilization survives won't the market still be ok? And if not then most of us are gonna die.
I suppose they could hire spacex to help them do it. Let's get them on that now!
Utter nonsense.
