one guy, in a great situation, is generally considered the greatest of all time. the other guy, in a great situation, is generally considered in the 10-15 range all time. generally, people like you who willfully underrate Brady usually do so by ignoring consistency and the mental game. and that's odd in this context because both of those are big points in Duncan's favor.
i think Tomlin is a bad coach. of course, i think that there are probably like 6 good coaches in the entire league so he still is top-10. his team lost a playoff game to Tebow by failing to account for the only throw Tebow could actually make (fly route). a week later NE clowned Tebow. last year his team went into a playoff game against NE and played the same zone defense that Brady has consistently destroyed. i don't care if he didn't have the right guys to play man, he should have 100% known that zone wouldn't work. doing something you aren't good at is better than doing something you know is guaranteed to fail. and just a few weeks ago his team was caught completely unprepared for a TD call being overturned. even though the review took like 5 minutes, and there were still three downs left, they had only one play ready. maybe Tomlin is great at all of the other stuff, but he sucks at basic preparation and decision-making. if that means that he needs to have a guy on his staff who does that stuff for him then so be it, but presumably his ego won't allow that. if NE wasn't in the conference then he could probably even get away with his glaring weaknesses but at a certain point an intelligent person needs to accept their situation and adapt. -edit- hey look, heavy downvoting for expressing my opinion and explaining it. i can't say i'm surprised.
wow, thanks for resolving a centuries-old debate and settling, once and for all, that "good" and "bad" are relative. that said, i still disagree. sometimes there are no good options, or there are many fewer good options than bad. offer me a shit sandwhich, a dirt sandwhich, and a rotten egg sandwhich and the dirt sandwhich doesn't magically become "good" just because it is better than the other choices. in my previous post i provided examples of egregious failures as a coach. those are the kind of mind-numbingly stupid mistakes that can get you fired and a guy shouldn't get more than one of. and your baseball analogy is absurd. Tomlin has 1 title, with a team he inherited no less. that puts him on equal footing with A LOT of coaches and below quite a few more. he's more like a batter who hits .280, but when the game is on the line you can count on him to throw the ball in the stands 9 out of 10 times. no thanks.
Cowher won a title two years before Tomlin took over. do you know anything about the Steelers?
the Ryan Howard Special requires the guy to still have two years left on his contract, making it a completely unnecessary 7-year commitment.
A-Rod's 10 year, $252 Million contract was actually a pretty good deal. there was just a crash in the free agent market for a few years that made it look bad for a bit, but he performed up to it and then some.
well we know that the Patriots already beat the Steelers and that they deserve to be favored if they meet again. so what are you suggesting the purpose of power rankings to be if not measure either (or both) of those two things?
don't forget that his deviation from DVOA also just happens to benefit his own team. being a cherry-picker is bad but being a homer cherry-picker is worse. and since his team is good defensively he just coincidentally puts more weight into defense than offense. except when he doesn't.
Brady is showing signs of A) an achilles injury, and B) lacking healthy WRs. Granted, his achilles presumably won't be healthy until next year so that is very relevant. But Hogan practiced all last week and has two more weeks of recovery. His return will greatly help Brady. And then there's the wildcard of Mitchell returning. I'm not counting on him to do anything but if he is finally healthy he could be a big boost.
In a game that NE won by like 20 points, and his replacement tore them up, I don't think Bell getting hurt was as big a deal as he thinks. I can't wait for next year when they use AB's injury as their excuse.
No, I'm not. I'm asking if he'd make up a 20-point difference. Unless Bell switched to defense I don't see how he would have changed the outcome of last year's game. NE did whatever they wanted on offense. And as I pointed out be has never made that kind of difference in the past.
...and it has yet to make a difference in any NE-PITT game. I'm not seeing any arguments here that the upgrade from Williams to Bell would have made up a 20-point gap.
so you completely missed Spygate and Deflategate, huh?
no, they apologized at 12:30 am for saying that NE taped practices (as part of Spygate) despite the paper that broke that story writing a retraction and apology like 8 years prior. ESPN has never apologized for anything related to Deflategate.
the bad source made shit up. and not only did ESPN report it (understandable) but they have steadfastly defended the source and reporter even when it became clear that it was made up and Mort was used to push an agenda. and once it was clear that it was made-up bullshit they also allowed their people to keep repeated the made-up bullshit. ESPN didn't make it up but they definitely pushed and defended the bullshit.
sure it isn't bad, but it doesn't do Tucker justice either. he should have 4 or 5 by now.
the weaponized hyperdrive is a huge issue as a Star Wars movie because, if it works that way, why hasn't that been to go-to move in a world where droids and hyperdrives are abundant? heck, why not attach hyperdrives to meteors (don't even have to build those) and "launch" them at every target that is too big to miss, like Star Destroyers and Death Stars? why not bombard planets this way too? and if the answer is that no one tried before, well, a lot of people just witnessed it so everything going forward from episode 8 should be hyperdrive attacks. it is just far too absurdly effective to be tossed in and then forgotten, as i assume it will be.
No. You go for it there if a HoF QB is on the other sideline and/or you have a really crappy defense. The theory with HoF QBs or with a crappy defense is that the difference between 50 yards and 80-90 yards is negligible and they're just going to score anyway. But with Cam on the sideline and a great Saints defense? Punting the ball there is the right play.
what are you talking about? Pitt is legit and it was an away game, so a win is a win. That game wasn't a problem. The Miami game was just awful. Other than those games, you have to go back to October for a close game (8 point win over SD that never really felt as close as the final score). I think this game has 34-17 written all over it.
no, you don't. when the other team has Tom Brady you don't want anything to do with snow. remember 59-0?
and Tennessee's defense isn't half as good as the 2016 Texans.
i'm hoping it's one of those games where NE starts by throwing the ball 15 straight times. those games are always delightful little surprises, when the other team simply cannot stop them in the air so they just keep throwing the ball over and over again.
Same here. After that episode I asked my wife why we still watched the show and she didn't know either.
Because if you look at Rex in totality and not just playoffs he was actually really bad at beating NE. Rex inherited two rising teams. The Jets team he inherited was built his way and he succeeded with it for two years before failing for 4 years. Then he inherited a Bills team that wasn't built his way, immediately dismantled it, and failed for two years. Eric Mangini had more success against NE than Rex, and the success Rex had was with Mangini's team (plus Revis).
you realize Polian was with the Colts at the time, right? because you admit that Polian was the driving force behind the change in one breath and than mock the notion that the change was done to help Manning in the next. i don't think it's a coincidence that Polian, as the head of the competition committee, pushed through a rule that helped his team the most and hurt the team they had just lost to. and it surely isn't absurd to suggest that.
The notion that the rule was already on the books and therefore the change wasn't significant is such a red herring for the stupid. Baseball has had a rule on the books for my entire lifetime that pitchers only have like 20 seconds to throw the ball. Despite that, actually enforcing the rule would be a huge change to the game and anyone who created a directive to enforce it would know that and approach it that way. In the time I've been watching football the directive to harshly enforce the defensive holding rule (except when Baltimore is on defense, for some reason) is probably the second biggest change, with cracking down on violent hits the biggest change. It doesn't matter whether the change is to create a new rule of enforce a rule that has never been enforced, it's the same result.
Except for boundary calls, that is no different from the current rule. Can you think of any play where the ball never touched the ground, that didn't involve a boundary, that was ruled incomplete?
Holy hell I wish people would stop with the Ryan Leaf garbage. At minimum 30 teams would have drafted Manning over Leaf. Maybe one would have overthought it but Leaf was NOT in any way, shape, or form close. When there's a consensus #1, unless the guy is a prodigy with a ton of hype (think LeBron or Bryce Harper) there are always media people out there arguing for other people. It makes for better entertainment than just admitting that a guy is the obvious #1 pick. But the existence of segments and articles where people argue against the obvious #1 doesn't mean that it was an actual valid point and that the team that drafted Manning deserves credit for it.
Congratulations on describing the current system. Unfortunately that doesn't actually add anything useful to the conversation. The burden being on proving the ref wrong isn't some universal truth, it's just a decision that was made for the current system. The burden could just as easily be to prove the ref right. Neither is intrinsically better because, on a play where you can't be sure of a call with multiple angles and slow motion, there's no chance that the ref saw something more definitive from a single angle in real time. My whole point is that it seems really stupid, where a definitive answer can't be gleaned from multiple angles in slow motion, to default to whatever a ref thought he saw from a single angle in real time. At that point it's basically a coinflip and rewards luck. Shifting the burden to something concrete, like putting the burden on the offense to make a play cleanly enough to survive replay, removes the coinflip. Rather than games being decided by what the ref on field called they'd be decided by whether or not the offense did their job, and part of their job becomes not just catching the ball but doing it cleanly enough to survive replay. If a big call gets overturned for inconclusive replay then the players, not the refs, would be to blame.
NE once won a game where Knowshon (sp?) Moreno ran for over 200 yards against them. NE will give up a bunch of rush yards between the 20s, but you then have to score TDs on a short field and stop the NE offense. It drives their fans nuts but it actually works pretty well for them.
Frankly, I recommend removing roles entirely. I think The Resistance is much better than Avalon because of the simplicity and lack of roles. You'll also see your players grow as they learn the game since it becomes so much more skill and logic based amid the absence of information.
Adding to this, a lot of teams enter the superbowl a bit overwhelmed and caught up in the grandiosity of it all until they settle down. Being at home with your family, facilities, etc. would likely make the game a good deal "smaller" for them. It would be the biggest and craziest home game they ever played, but in the end it would still be a home game and a bit more normal. Last year was Brady's 7th superbowl and even with him you could see that he was a bit off to start the game. If I remember correctly NE has never scored a TD in the first quarter of the superbowl or something like that. Making the game feel smaller would be a real advantage.
Oh, I get that. I was just responding to someone being pedantic and saying that any as an opinion anything is defensible.
PFF's QB grades have always sucked. When Brady was unanimous MVP in 2011 they had him as like the 7th-best QB, dinging his grade because he made too many safe throws. Nevermind that his results were superb, in order to be graded better by their methodology he'd have to force more throws into tight coverage *even if he could get the same or better results by finding an open receiver*. In PFF's methodology a drive where the QB moves the offense 60 yards via three throws into double-coverage, followed by an INT is better than a QB who goes 80 yards and ends in a TD via going through his progressions and finding open receivers. Nevermind if the short throws are open because the QB is a viable deep threat or if he makes pre-snap reads and adjustments to get those guys open. The throws themselves were "easy" so he gets no credit for them.
Their QB ratings completely discount throws to open receivers and heavily reward throws into tight coverage. This effectively punishes smart QBs who read defenses and go through progressions, while rewarding QBs who unnecessarily throw into double/triple-coverage. In reality I want a QB who finds an open man, who can then get YAC, every time. Safe throws are preferred. But PFF says that any QB can do that and gives the QB no credit, even though anyone who has ever watched a game can tell you that isn't the case and that finding open receivers is a skill. And throwing into tight coverage is bad in the real world. Sometimes it is a necessary evil, but it's never a good thing to have to do that. PFF requires it to get credit for a throw and gives QBs more points as the coverage they choose to throw into gets worse. They also don't penalize INTs nearly enough. A QB can make two great throws into tight double-coverage and then an INT and finish with positive points on the drive. No yards gained on a dive should offset a turnover, especially when another QB can safely lead his team on a TD drive and get no credit for it.
Ok. Last word.
According what what we've been told the context doesn't matter. Throw to open receiver = 0 points. If that has changed then they haven't told us and I see no reason to assume it.
That's funny, one of the reasons I hate Avalon is how much being a generic blue sucks in that game. And this is only caused by the game elevating other blues. I mean, everyone in the base game is generic. That's like saying that no one likes being generic in Ticket To Ride or Cataan. Not every game needs roles, and some are worse off for them. In my opinion The Resistance is one of those games. But I get it, your group prefers roles in The Resistance. We don't have to agree on what we like in games.
Back in 2012 someone at PFF wrote a piece defending their rank of Brady. He had just won unanimous MVP and they ranked him as like the 7th-best QB. In that they broke down their methodology and it was really bad. I'm at work so I'm not looking for it but if you search for "Brady 2011 MVP Pro Football Focus" or something like that you'll probably find it.
Yeah, when I saw the title I legitimately forgot about Ben and thought "Brady and Brees, then a bunch of questions." I'm fine with Roethlisberger at 3 or 4 - he's a great QB. But anyone with a brain recognizes that he isn't nearly as talented as the big 2 remaining.
I mean, there's a really good argument that Bortles sucks at football compared to other people in his class (starting quarterback). Yeah he's in the 99.99% percentile worldwide, but you and I are completely irrelevant. Among his peers Bortles sucks. A peer group does not exist against which LeBron sucks at basketball.
&gt; introduce time travel (which opens up a whole bunch of problems on its own) After they made hyperdrive an Ultimate Weapon in TLJ they don't seem to be too concerned with internal consistency at this point. I can't wait until the next one has another Death Star in it and it doesn't occur to anybody to just hyperdrive into the laser cannon.
Personally, I figure that if you just pick them up on the way you'll have more fun and you'll eventually get them anyway. But if I was hell-bent on just samples I'd: Do level 5-7 missions solo, depending on objectives. Allies just slow you down. Map size matters, so prioritize volcano (w/cardio) -&gt; snow (w/boots) -&gt; desert (w/cardio) and never do forest. Look for maps with a lot of failable objectives (Geo, Missle, Survivors, Convoy) and avoid minesweeper objectives (those suck solo). Suceed at your first objective and then fail the rest if possible. Use Distractor Beacons.
anyone who has ever worked a job, and isn't an idiot, should know exactly what happened on that play: a good ref (you in this analogy) saw the defender jump but also saw that the play was salvagable if he just didn't do anything. he didn't want to make a ticky-tack call that would effectively change possession so he just let it slide. then his idiot co-worker, with absolutely no view of what happened, calls a penalty 5 seconds later. what the hell man?! all you had to do was *nothing* and everything was going to work out. and to make things worse, he got it wrong. the good ref huddles with his boss and says "listen, i saw the defender move but didn't want to call it. then Frank over there threw his flag like an idiot. i know it changes possession but neutral zone infraction is the right call." do with that what you will. and that's how we get a play where a call gets made 5 seconds late and then overturned upon conference.
you're relying on a game from over 2 years ago? seriously? gameplan doesn't mean a thing if your entire OL is injured, your center is tipping the snapcount, and the best RB you're dressing is Stephen Jackson. of course none of those are issues for the 2017 Patriots so referencing that game is idiotic.
eh, people see what they want i guess. i see a Jacksonville offense that will be lucky to score 13 against NE. about the worst thing you can be against NE is a run-first team with a crappy QB. NE will crowd the line and force Bortles to beat them in the air. just look at what they did to Tennessee.
why do the individual players matter? NE had a better offense this year. they have a better offense than Pitt every year, despite how amazing Pitt's weapons are. between Brady, the coaching, and whatever else it is NE is the better offense of the two. saying "but Pitt has Brown and Bell" is irrelevant.
and last year this was proof that 1) the Chiefs would win the title, and 2) NE wouldn't. that didn't work out too well for the guy who posted it like 10 times in 5 weeks.
do you live in an alternate reality where Brady isn't in large part responsible for the 28-3 deficit in SB51? Brady was clutch as fuck at the end but he deserves blame for being in that situation in the first place. if he played better in the first 3 quarters they don't need overtime and a fuckload of luck. a better Brady comparison would be either of his superbowl losses. in both of them he scored a TD late in the 4th to go ahead, before his defense lost the game. and in both he's responsible for the fact that his offense didn't score more in the first 55 minutes.
are you talking about the game NE won 26-6? i think NE is just fine with Gronk getting 0 catches if they win by 20.
last week NE fans saying that we would crush Tennessee was why people hate us. and NE proceeded to crush Tennessee.
considering you're right and being heavily downvoted for it, i just want to chime in to say that some of us know that you're right. i'm a NE fan and every time people talk about Brady's contract and "cap magic" i get downvoted for saying that every dollar a player gets paid hits the cap eventually. it especially comes into play when people say that Brady hasn't been laughably underpaid in his career and i point out that he's only once had a cap hit above $15M ($17.4M in 2010), meaning that during the last 10 years, when he should have been one of the highest-paid QBs, he's averaged less than $15M a year. i don't care how much of it was guaranteed, Tom Brady averaging under $15M a year over the last decade is absurd. [this page](http://www.patscap.com/brady.html#brady) has all of the details. When Brady signed his extension in 2016 they used "cap magic" to push $2M from 2017 into the future. so without the "cap magic" he was looking at $16M this year, still greatly underpaid.
FYI, you're wrong. see another post of mine [here](https://www.reddit.com/r/nfl/comments/7qnzgi/tom_bradys_contract_is_ridiculous/dsr0be9/). short version is that Brady's average cap hit for the last 8 years, and two years into the future (which brings us to the end of his contract, no cap maneuvering beyond that), is $15.24 Million a year. you can't pay a guy any money that doesn't hit the cap, and i've accounted for future cap here. $15M a year for the GOAT is a silly bargain.
and a year later Manning and Vick both signed $100M deals.
NE has a better offense than Pitt, though. Yes no one on NE is making those catches AB made, but the thing with NE is that they don't have to make absurd catches. They just march down the field and, *yawn*, touchdown. Pitt making insane plays is impressive but it isn't as effective as a team that scores more points less impressively.
If you want to talk context, you should probably note that NE was regularly defending double-digit leads all year and their rushing defense stats suffered for that. Also, it takes a lot of successful runs to move the ball 80 yards. NE will gladly let an opponent break off 7 yard runs as long as they stuff a run here and there to force a 3rd-and-long. Letting the opponent run is a lot less dangerous than letting them pass. NE's run defense was not a problem this year. I don't expect it to suddenly become a problem against a team with Bortles at QB.
Every year, despite Pitt's superior weapons, NE's offense scores more points. THAT is my argument and it makes plenty of sense. What makes no sense is everyone focusing on how great Pitt's weapons are and ignoring that their results are consistently worse than NE's.
I think 4 red zone trips from a Bortles-lead offense would be *very* good results for Jax. NE is very good at avoiding turnovers and winning the field position game so each red zone trip will likely require 50+ yards on Jacksonville's part. I think Jacksonville will get their 10 yard runs here and there, but one run stuff or offensive penalty suddenly forces the ball into Bortles's hands. And that is not good for Jacksonville.
Your standards are really low if you qualify Bortles 2017 as a good year for a QB. I'll give you adequate but that's it.
Against a Steelers team with coaches that cannot grasp the concept of a defensive gameplan. Remember when Tebow made the playoffs? He beat the clueless Steelers one week because they made no effort to tailor a gameplan for him, and then got embarrassed by NE the following week because they gameplanned for him. There is absolutely no comparison between the defensive coaching in NE and Pitt. NE is going to make Bortles beat them. 14/26 for 214 yards isn't going to get it done next week.
yes, they do. but NE will gameplan to stop the run, and any competent NFL team can stop the run when they gameplan for it. at that point the game will fall on Bortles's shoulders. and yes, Jacksonville's defense will have something to say. but we're talking about Jacksonville's offense and my point is that their offense has a major flaw that Pitt failed to even try to expose.
if the running game is dominating shouldn't that make it easier on Bortles? that context makes his mediocre numbers even less impressive.
So you're wrong and you have no rebuttal. Got it.
Yes, that was the one year he may have been paid market rates. Since then his cap hits have been: 13.2, 8, 13.8, 14.8, 14, 14, and 14. For the best QB in the league that's laughably underpaid.
I don't care about Manning. My whole point is that Brady has been greatly underpaid, which he has. You brought him up and I only edited in a comment because you were wrong about your claim. And including entire careers, including when Brady was on his rookie contact is silly. That's why I took a 10-year sample after Brady was established and salaries had already started inflating. $15M a year in the 10s is really low for an elite QB.
Take away both of their injuries and Brady would have deserved it. Wentz had more TDs but Brady had him beat in every other stat. Then they both got hurt.
of course he's near the top - he's elite and has played a long time. but let's look at just the elite 2004 class of Eli, Roethlisberger, and Rivers. Brady has 4 extra years over those guys and has made $197M in his career. Eli has outearned him ($219M), Rivers is only $10M behind ($187M), and Roethlisberger is $17M behind ($170M). So that's three guys, off the top of my head, that have made more per year than Brady. And Eli has simply made more money despite a shorter career and being a MUCH worse player. Now i'm wondering what "right near the top" means, because he clearly isn't going to finish top-5 if the first three guys I thought of all have him beat.
That might be the lesson you learn in 101, but when you get to 400-level courses you quickly learn it isn't that simple. NE has demonstrated that you can win while passing on almost every play (not as an every-game strategy, but when the opposing run D is much better than their pass D) and while letting the other team run but stopping them from scoring TDs. If a team goes into Foxboro with a "run the ball and stop the run" approach but can't also pass and defend the pass then they get destroyed. So saying that NE needs to run the ball and stop the run is valuable insight, since they've demonstrated that they can and will win with other strategies.
Turnovers would obviously help. You can't predict fumbles and Brady makes the occasional WTF throw. If Jax wins I expect NE to have turned the ball over a couple times. Third down conversions are also huge. When NE struggles it seems like they always call the wrong play on 3rd down, which just means that the defense is doing their job. Play tight coverage and use your pass rush to force an early throw and you'll know things are going well if passes are bouncing off the turf. Brady won't force it so you see a lot of "bad" throws when things are going poorly for them. And I think Bortles will be a big factor. If he's converting 3rd downs and keeping the defense honest then Jax can run all over this defense. NE's defensive success will be dictated by whether they can disrespect Bortles to stop the run.
You lost to NE by 7 in a game where they played conservatively with a lead late. Give Sefarian-Jenkins a TD in that play and NE still wins the game 80% of the time. That's far from being one controversial call away from winning.
There was the Decker OPI where the DB tripped (to be fair to the ref, Decker touched him, but the DB was already tripping and Decker's contact was incidental). And? Oh noes, one bad call in a football game. THE LEAGUE IS FIXED!!!!!
if they scored a TD then the Pats were getting the ball anyway. and the Jets didn't have any momentum at that point - NE had scored the last 24 points in the game. yes it's much better being tied than down 7, but a tie game with NE getting the ball is still a loss far more often than it isn't. there's no better team at winning close games.
Gronk has played 8 seasons, and in those 8 seasons his team has played 128 regular season games (i'm leaving out playoffs because that'll take more research than i want to do). Gronk has played in 102 of those 128 games. 80% is not that bad for a football player. it isn't ideal but it is so far from "he can hardly stay on the field" or "he's been perfectly covered by the sideline for half his career." and rumor is that Brady got to him and he's started taking better care of himself this year. we'll see.
kind of like how the turnovers and constant pressure got in Brady's head in last year's superbowl? or how about the superbowl three years ago? how many times does the guy need to turn games around and engineer epic comebacks before this stupid notion that you can frustrate Brady into ineffectiveness dies? making Brady ineffective frustrates him, and he shows it. and many times that continues throughout the game because the defense just continues doing whatever it is that was making him ineffective. but what we've never actually seen is Brady just crumble and give up the way so many people seem to fantasize about him doing.
he's a little over 6'6". there are some really annoying fans that always round up for some stupid reason.
probably. his wife dresses him.
&gt; when i went to research it on google people are always saying it was a conservative movie You need to learn to choose your sources better. There's a bit of truth to the notion that people find what they look for on the internet. The act of clicking on something is not random and it is not predetermined - it is informed by the viewer. So while I wouldn't click on a link titled "[insert movie here] is liberal propaganda!" maybe someone else would. For instance, I legitimately didn't know what a SJW was until like a year ago. For years I've heard on Reddit about SJWs being the scourge of the world but by not frequenting places where SJWs did their thing and not clicking on any link where people were angry about them they basically don't exist in my world, because they definitely don't exist in my real life world. I can guarantee you that I would not have clicked on whatever links you did in order for you to be lead to believe that Forest Gump was a "conservative" film. You might want to think about that the next time you go searching for information.
No, no one knows anything about what he's going to do post-Brady. He's definitely running out of time to coach but at 65 he could still coach another 5-10 years, health permitting. He's one of those guys who truly loves football and might not want to stop until he's forced to.
You don't blitz Brady. You just don't. So that won't change. Defenders want to hit a QB whenever they legally can, so that doesn't change. Defenders already go for strip sacks whenever they can. So again, no change.
It happened to my wife. When she was younger and paid less attention to politics she didn't identify as any party but just happened to regularly agree with Republicans. This was also back in the early 2000s. In the last 15 years she's started paying more attention and the Republicans got so much worse that she'd be offended if you called her a Republican now.
It's really sad to see McConnell and Ryan more concerned with blaming Democrats than passing a funding bill. You can tell from the shift in their focus that a shutdown IS happening and at that point all they care about is pointing fingers.
Nope. Sometimes we don't find out about his injuries until years later. But unfortunately the truth doesn't matter anymore so people just say whatever they want to be true.
Brady missed a Thursday practice. That is a big deal. It doesn't mean he won't be ok on Sunday but him missing a non-Wednesday practice is definitely worthy news.
the same Tom Brady who has missed games due to injury once in an 18-year career and is probably going to win MVP at age 40. yup, that guy.
ignorant people making up their own realities because they don't like the truth actually IS one of the biggest problems in this country. ever hear about this thing called climate-change denial? it's kind of a big deal. you're the sports equivalent of someone insisting that Trump's inauguration crowd was the largest ever.
you give Kentucky way too much credit.
You should feel shitty because you're choosing to live (even if only temporarily) in Alabama. There's a common saying throughout the South - "at least we aren't Alabama."
Blind squirrel, broken clock, etc. Do you want me to start listing back-breaking Manning INTs? Because the two superbowls he lost immediately come to mind. The 2004 Divisional Round (so January 2005) against the Patriots, too.
you missed the word "practices" there. taping practices wasn't legal but they didn't do that.
not on game-winning drives he isn't. He has four more regular-season than Brady. I don't know how many playoff ones Manning has but I know Brady is #1 with 10 and Eli is #2 with 5, so Brady has at least 5 more.
the rate at which the teams committed obvious penalties was lopsided. Jax committed 3 pre-snap penalties while NE committed 0. are the refs supposed to let a false start or delay of game go because the other team isn't committing those penalties and it looks bad to only call them on one team? or is it the refs fault that Jax committed obvious PI on 3 deep passes, of which the refs only called 2? and is it their fault that Jax didn't take any deep shots, so that the refs weren't able to even things out? or how about the Gronk hit? should the refs have held their flag on a helmet-to-helmet hit that knocked NE's second-best player out of the game because NE didn't try to kill anyone on the field, and it's only fair if those calls go both ways? anyone who watched the game saw that the refs were letting them play and Jax just committed some really bad penalties that had to be called. and even then the refs didn't call a PI where the DB held Cooks's arm, another PI where a DB grabbed a NE received by the shoulder and pulled him back (on a 3rd down), and an offensive holding where a Jax OLineman pushed a defender in the back right in front of the QB. you know, because they were letting them play rough.
That one gets brought up because idiots keep saying that the league/refs are in NE's pockets. If people would stop saying the refs favor NE then we wouldn't have to mention that play.
Unless you think Stafford belongs in a conversation about the best-ever QBs then he's completely irrelevant.
so the front page of /r/politics? because almost everything on the sub was labeling Democrats losers. and silly me, i thought funding the government was a good thing.
I think in order to be "stacked" on offense you need to have a better QB than you guys have. It's a passing league.
I haven't watched many Oakland games, but in the ones I have I've been very unimpressed. His mediocre career stats aren't "cherry-picked." His mediocre 2017 stats aren't either. Perhaps he's just mediocre and rode the hype of a surprising (fluke?) 2016 Oakland season to undeserved fanfare.
Ego. McDaniels was slow to adapt because he had bought into the press of his offense being unstoppable downfield. If I remember correctly he and Brady were seen arguing on the sideline because they weren't changing their gameplan. It's one of the few times that I think Belichick has failed to do his job, and it cost us. As the HC it's his job to ask his coordinators wtf they're doing when they're being idiots, and the fact McD was like 30 at the time tells me Belichick should have been watching him a little more closely. God that game was frustrating. This was the same team that regularly made Shawn Merriman look awful (and visibly frustrated on the field) by using quick passes to neutralize him. But in the face of a pass rush that was killing them it was 7-step drop after 7-step drop. I was yelling at the TV to throw the fucking ball to the RBs. Thankfully McDaniels has grown up a lot since then.
FYI, we actually know very little useful information from those tests. they didn't retest any samples and they tested for some substances that were ultimately declared legal to take by MLB. and no one cared about these issues because the names were never supposed to be attached to the tests, so no harm done, whoops.
I'm pretty sure he does. Miami should be drafting a QB this year.
Peyton had a degenerative neck condition that had been affecting him for three years before his final season. Manning succeeded despite the neck issue but it was there and his absurd 2013 stats make people ignore it. Watch Manning in 2013 and compare it to Manning in the 00's or Brady this year. Manning was throwing floaters. He was just insanely good while throwing floaters.
McCourty over Milloy is a no-doubter. I also think Faulk is pretty overrated and White is a better back. Same with Branch vs Cooks - Cooks is basically a faster version of Branch.
A BIG part of their legacy is the fact that they disproportionately win close games. So yeah, undo this phenomenon in the superbowl and their legacy would be much different. What would Jordan's legacy be if he didn't nail game-winner after game-winner? Of course, he wouldn't be Jordan if he didn't make those shots.
Elway with 5
i loved Oil Can when I was growing up. he wasn't the best ballplayer but i could focus on the good times and he was fun to watch. my grandfather hated Oil Can. he'd bitch whenever Oil Can pitched and go on and on about how terrible he was. looking back, i can only imagine it must have been annoying that i thought he was so great because he obviously was not. a career 4.04 ERA for that era was not good. but little kids are dumb and think stupid things. of course, turns out my grandpa was racist so i don't feel bad. it didn't occur to me at the time that he also hated Ellis Burks and they were the only two black guys on the Sox.
Yankees fans and blind post-9/11 nationalism? When my Filipino friend had someone, completely unprovoked, stop his car and yell "hey towelhead, get the fuck out of my country" the guy was wearing a Yankees hat. So now we have an anecdote both ways that the fanbases are terrible people. My friend, having no idea what was going on, just responded with "but... I'm Filipino?" But anyway back to the point, if anything my grandfather is more an example of "old hicks from Maine are racist."
Childless 38 year-old here. Those people remind me of people who complain that whites are oppressed. Childfree people have an advantage (in my opinion, at least) that more than compensates for any little annoyances. Heck, as an atheist too I think that it's harder to be an atheist. And no one wants to hear an atheist bitch.
Well thank you for making me feel like my younger self was more in-touch than I think I was. Oil Can was a good ballplayer!
They got the harshest team punishment ever, at the time. How is that light for doing something legal from the wrong place?
So are you not even bothering to read my posts or are you just ignoring them because they don't fit your narrative? Because I've said multiple times now that the taping was completely legal with the only offense being where they taped from. Tape an opponent's signals from the press box? Totally ok. Have a nice day. Tape an opponent's signals from the sideline? INTEGRITY OF THE GAME! Please explain to me how taping something from the sideline, versus the press box or the first row, affects the integrity of the game. I'd love to hear that reasoning.
No, it isn't irrelevant. That's reductionist garbage that only people with no argument fall back on. If you actually had an answer them you'd give one. There are plenty of regulations in this world that exist purely to create a standard, and plenty of laws for insignificant things like spitting on the sidewalk. You brought up bank-robbing, so by your reductionist garbage argument someone who spits on the sidewalk deserves to be treated just like a bank robber. They broke the law and "that's all you and i need to know." If NE taping signals from the wrong location was actually a problem in respect to the integrity of the game you'd be able to explain why without falling back on "it's a rule."
I can't help but imagine you furiously masterbating as you write this. This is like bad fanfiction.
Sorry, i misunderstood your point. Do you think this has changed in 4 years? Because the 4 year-old article finds that teaching contraception use and making it available does work.
My wife is from Arkansas and infuriated people at our liberal NE college by telling them she was voting for Bush in 2004. Oh, she's also a Southern Baptist. She's seriously talking about leaving the country If Trump wins again in 2020. Voting for anyone with any connection to the current GOP? LOL. Or back in our day, ROFLMAO! Unfortunately she's in a city in NY so her vote is literally worthless. Dems win every election she could vote in anyway.
Voting for Trump, or at this point forward any of his stooges, disqualifies someone from being decent. There really is no acceptable answer when asked why you voted for someone who bragged of sexual assault and creeping on teenage beauty contestants. Now Republicans who don't support the current president and GOP are perfectly fine people.
...or any presidential candidate in New York, California, or Texas. but yeah, every argument against the popular vote seems to be trying to solve a problem that doesn't exist. meanwhile the electoral college is so obviously flawed. there's totally a good reason why a vote in Wyoming should have 4x the power of one in California. no one has just ever been able to articulate it.
no one really cares about GS. they care about KD running scared to the best team in the league that had just set the record for most regular-season wins. my only problem in the whole GS mess is that the cap going up by so much in one year was bullshit. GS didn't do anything to earn KD, they just got supremely lucky that an all-time great became available in a year that the cap jumped by enough to pay him. the NBA fucked up big there, and their "smoothing" proposal was garbage that the players would have been fools to accept. so now the NBA is uncompetitive for 3 years, minimum. everyone knew GS was winning the title last year and everyone knows they're winning it this year and next. but i don't fault GS for that.
*sigh*. apparently my wife and i, as alums who greatly dislike Shirley Ann, are racist and sexist. when i enrolled ('98) RPI was a simple engineering/tech school, ranked #42 by US News and World Report. i think [this article](https://www.politico.com/states/new-york/albany/story/2015/03/report-rpi-facing-1-billion-in-debts-liabilities-088011) does a great job summarizing the Shirley Ann experience. the fuller story involves the fact that she jacked up tuition immediately upon arriving, has been the highest paid school president possibly every year since she has arrived, made the school build her a fucking mansion, got the school into a financial boondoggle building a freaking performing arts center at a nerdy tech school by forcing the contractor to pay for massive overtime in order to open the building on time (sans electricity) and then take all of the walls off and finish the job (after doing the same "put up fake walls, open the building, and then tear it back down and finish process with the earlier-built biotech building), and after all of that the school is ranked... **#42**. she's been a complete failure at raising the prestige of the school while operating the school at a large deficit. and RPI no longer has a student senate or faculty senate because both have taken up votes on her removal so she abolished them. fuck you Shirley Ann. if that makes me racist and sexist then so be it. also, did you go to an RPI event around 2005 and everyone had a namecard except you? that was me.
yes. i have zero friends who are admitted Trump supporters. a friend is dating one and, after he spewed racist hate at a party in the lead-up to the election, she was informed that he is no longer welcome in my home. i frankly don't know *how* people can be friends with those who support a white supremacist pussy-grabber as president. maybe i'm weird but i have no use for friends that i have no respect for.
[here's an article with the district breakdown](https://www.washingtonpost.com/news/wonk/wp/2017/12/13/how-doug-jones-lost-in-nearly-every-congressional-district-but-still-won-the-state/?utm_term=.844ea4d485c7). you're right, and it is because Republicans gerrymandered as many of the blacks in the state into one district as possible.
did you miss yesterday? Trump can just ignore acts of Congress he dislikes now.
right. "untouchable" means that you value someone more than anyone else can reasonably compensate, not that you think others undervalue someone and therefore won't properly compensate. if NO valued Horford similarly to Boston and offered AD for Horford, Jaylen, and a pick then Horford becomes "touchable" fast.
Yeah, unless two of KD/Steph/Klay/Dray get hurt Boston doesn't stand a chance against GS in the finals. As a Boston fan I don't want them to hurt the team in 2020 in a futile attempt to compete with this GS juggernaut.
being racist is far worse than being a meanie that calls people names. a person would have to be a moron to not see the difference.
so you're doubling down on the moron part? got it. you can't call a black person a monkey, ape, or anything similar. and no bananas either. the reason for this is because racists have been doing it for hundreds of years to denigrate blacks. and everyone knows this, so there simply is no excuse. if a non-racist person noticed a similarity between a certain black person and a certain ape character they'd say to themselves "nope, i obviously don't want to say that" and move on. they know that accuracy simply doesn't matter, it isn't ok. meanwhile, racists think "yes, i found a loophole to say a terrible thing and i'm so excited to do so!" and before you ask, the reason it isn't racism to call Mitch McConnell a turtle is because whites haven't been victimized for centuries while being called turtles.
no one i know asked for a Han Solo movie. when TLJ opened word quickly spread through my office (a bunch of programmers) as to who had and had not seen it that weekend so that those who had could discuss it while those who had not would not be spoiled. it was common to hear a passionate conversation start, to be interrupted by "stop. i haven't seen it yet." there is absolutely none of that with Solo. i think like 1 guy saw it, and he even had good things to say. the general consensus among the rest of us is "i don't care, even if it is good. i'm just not interested." it's no different to me than someone saying that a Young Adult or Horror movie were good. that's fine but i'm not interested in those movies so i don't see them.
people loved The Quiet Place yet I still haven't seen it. just because a movie is good doesn't mean that people will be interested in seeing it. i'm personally just done with Star Wars for a while.
i don't know if that's really true. Blade Runner 2049 never had a chance to make a dime.
sure, but what i'm saying is that a healthy relationship with an older man is mostly a myth because the healthy older men are not interested in dating 21 year-olds. so if i know a young woman having a relationship with an older man i'd rather it be casual than almost guaranteed to be bad where he'll have more power over her.
I have no clue why, I was just confirming that it is a US thing. I'm generally of the opinion that most naughty words are bad only because as a society we enjoy being offended and offending others, so we agree on some words that make it easier to accomplish those goals. Heck, in practice I think "bitch" is actually much worse than cunt since it is used with regularly to dismiss women. While cunt is used as a general, over-the-top insult bitch is almost a normal way to signal that a woman is not to be listened to our respected. But what do I know? Politicians are allowed to call their female opponents bitches while cunt is the word that cannot be uttered.
I was taking to a friend this weekend and my feelings about Solo finally came together in an easy to explain way - I just don't care, and that includes not caring if the movie is good. People on Reddit keep saying "you should see it, it was good" and my response is that I don't go to a lot of movies that I'm told are good, so why should Solo be any different? A Quiet Place or Ready Player One being good didn't magically make me interested in seeing them. And why do people who swear they aren't shills care so much whether I see it or not? It isn't like Solo's performance will have any influence on Disney's willingness to put out new Star Wars movies. They just might learn to stick to Christmas, which is probably in everyone's best interest anyway.
You know who everyone hates at parties? The people who contribute nothing and only try to tear others down. Lord forbid I simply be disinterested in a movie, pass no judgement on those who are interested, while making an effort to explain myself because my position seems to bother some people. I am obviously what is wrong with this world.
You sound just like me. TLJ made me accept / embrace that I am no longer a Star Wars fan, I'm an OT fan (and the Zahn trilogy). It only took me 5 consecutive bad movies in the theater to get there (I didn't see Rogue One in the theater, though it is my favorite non-OT). I'm not even boycotting. I just don't care anymore. It isn't a boycott when you stay away from a genre or series that you just don't have interest in.
and after 30 seconds of that you can figure out it isn't for you and move on. you aren't committed to watching 25 minutes of something you dislike.
for me personally, i agree with you. i'm frankly confused what part of: &gt; I no longer consider myself a Star Wars fan. I'm an OT fan. wasn't clear enough that you felt the need to reply to me.
And easily my least favorite aspects of the new movies has been everything involving established characters. If TFA had been the exact same movie, but 100 years in the future or in a different galaxy further away, I would have liked it so much more. But they insisted on closely tying it to the OT without wanting to put any effort into making it fit.
Eh, I see yours as a distinction without a difference. In this age of planned trilogies, a time when TV shows start shooting season 1 with 5 seasons sketched out, there really is no excuse to film a Star Wars trilogy by the seat of your pants. I'd argue that the lack of planning and consistency between TFA and TLJ was a big middle finger to Star Wars fans. Mistakes in execution are forgivable, I agree. But mistakes in preparation are inexcusable. It's like in sports - I can forgive a player that misses a shot but not a coach who fails to have his best player on the field to take that shot.
Eh, this presupposes that there is a larger trilogy story being told and I don't think there really is. After TFA people said "I need to see the next one to judge it." Well, the next one came out and not only did it have almost no relation to the first, we found out that there was no larger plan and they just let the director do whatever he wanted. At this point I think it is too late to salvage the trilogy. They'll probably resolve the Rey / Kylo stuff but we're otherwise going to be left with a disjointed mess with a bunch of blah, unlikable characters. Does anyone actually like Poe or think he adds anything useful to the movies? Disney made a trilogy because that's what you do, not because they had a story to be told in three parts. And after the first two it shows.
Of course Poe was in the wrong. But a basic work skill, especially among leaders, is to manage the flaws of your co-workers and underlings. If I have a developer who thinks he knows everything I can leave him out of the decision-making and just tell him what to do at the end, or I can utilize his knowledge and passion by involving him in the process. I won't invite him to meet with the users, but before and after meeting with the users I'll meet with him so that I can find the best solution AND make sure he's invested in it. Holdo knew who Poe was and rather than spare 5 minutes during an hours-long slow chase to manage him she pulled rank and told him to fuck off. He was wrong to work against her but she completely failed as a leader, so much so that it frankly strains credibility that she was supposedly such an important leader in the first place. She got hundreds of people killed to teach Poe a lesson.
Probably? The word you're looking for there is definitely. Heck, he probably heard something that would be considered a hate crime or that today every single day during the season.
you know, after all of the shit i've said about KD i guess i'd have to celebrate Kyrie going to NY and struggling to make the playoffs every year.
LeBron had some great teammates, but they came back down 3-1 to the greatest regular-season team of all time. I'm a "LeBron hater" and that shit was impressive.
Happy, yes. Just as happy? I doubt it. Offer me a great meal tonight and I will enjoy it. I get great meals regularly, which does not prevent me from enjoying future meals. Offer a great meal to someone that hasn't had one in a year and they'll enjoy it more than me. It would be a greater deviation from their norm and they aren't going to take it for granted our look for problems in it. I ultimately fall on the side of "happy is happy, and that's all that matters" but you disrespect what Ovechkin and Dirk experienced when you pretend that KD's experience is as good as theirs.
What's surprising here? Kids don't have to be very old to watch movies, and young adults make a lot of bad decisions. Put those together and you get a 23 year-old with a kid old enough to watch movies.
I just dislike Dinosaur because I think Carolina BBQ is a great way to ruin otherwise delicious meat. They might make good Carolina BBQ for all I know.
User base is a huge asset for consoles. People buy the same consoles their friends have so that they can play together. Last generation the xbox 360 sold A LOT of units (and consequently games) based on this. And big surprise, Microsoft was against cross-play while Sony advocated for it. Well now Sony is the big dog and they, unsurprisingly, don't want to just forfeit this asset. It would frankly be stupid to do so. Goodwill is nice and all, but it is short-lived and not nearly as valuable as increased sales due to more people owning your system. Our only real chance at cross-play is for consoles to agree to it before a new generation, when no one is forfeiting an advantage.
Right, but a lot more people own a PS4 than an xbox1. Sony is counting on, if people need to buy a new console to play with friends, that those people would be buying a PS4. If out of 4 friends 3 have a PS4 and 1 has an xbox1, do you really think Microsoft is selling three consoles instead of Sony selling one?
two comments above yours someone mentioned The Magicians. yet you chose to skip that and go for The Flash? i guess there *could* be people out there who think The Magicians is a better show than The Flash. and i'd feel really sorry for those people.
being overshadowed in NY and LA is a hell of a lot better than being in Milwaukee.
i mean, the Knicks were just so incompetently run that they couldn't get out of their own way. all they had to do was properly tank in the mid-late 00s and LeBron would have gone there. instead they constantly traded for expensive, old "stars" and were always capped out and short on picks.
Boston traded for both Garnett and Allen. Their biggest free agent acquisition prior to Horford was probably Xavier McDaniel.
I thought I would enjoy giving out relationship advice on Reddit. I figured someone in a 15 year relationship could really help a bunch of 20 year olds see things from a different perspective, and I know I could have used the help myself as I look back on the mistakes I made. Nope, it turns out they get really mad when you give them practical, experience-based advice that isn't based on naive, idealistic garbage. Similarly, I recently had a 24 year old who is married with a kid angrily use themselves as an anecdotal counter-example to my statement that getting married and/or having children before your mid-20s is a bad idea. It took so much self control to not say "sweetie, mid-20s is nothing. Get back to me in 10 years when you're divorced. None of my many divorced friends were divorced at 24." The kids on Reddit just want to hear that their relationships with men 15 years older than them are totally healthy, and that there's nothing to be concerned about just because their significant other wants to have sex with other people (without them involved).
well that last part is just silly. the only possible argument that LeBron is a better athlete than Gretzky is to remove them from the context of their sport and focus on athletic ability, at which point LeBron starts losing out to athletic freaks that simply weren't as skilled as him. Shaq, for example - I'd love to hear the argument that LeBron is a better pure athlete than Shaq. -edit- apparently a lot of people are stupid and think that LeBron is a better athlete than Vince Carter. I didn't think it was controversial to say that LeBron isn't the best athlete ever.
offsides rules may be the dumbest rules in sports. you're worried about a guy camping at the other end? then keep a guy back yourself. the whole thing self-polices and leads to more spacing. it also leads to the stupidity of defenders running away from the play in order to draw an offsides. whenever your rules reward players for running away from the play, that means you have a bad rule on your hand.
Shaq's size and strength advantage over LeBron was huge, though. And Shaq was extremely nimble for a man his size. But ok then, Michael Jordan was a better pure athlete than LeBron. All that LeBron has on Jordan is size and strength. Jordan could jump higher, run faster and longer, was more agile, etc. Size does not equate to athletic ability. And once we give in on size a lot of NFL players come into play. Randy Moss immediately comes to mind. Bo Jackson is another.
Don't overthink tropes. Many people who like sports are dumb and/or are not into the arts, and those fans tend to be more vocal and visible. They also tend to be easier to make fun of. The existence of this trope doesn't mean that many people don't exist who don't fit the trope, it just means that enough people who fit the trope do exist and that the trope is beneficial to someone.
now you're just shifting the burden to the victims. the electoral college greatly favors rural over urban and should be fixed. replying with "urban could succeed despite the large disadvantage they're at if they just did x" isn't helping. and where those 5% live is extremely important. liberal in an urban, NY district here. if a bunch more people like me voted we'd see absolutely no change.
remember that woman that died in Charlottesville and how she totally changed everything by giving up her life? you should be like her i guess.
You mean the completely stupid, unnecessary injury that a more experienced QB would have avoided? And this isn't hindsight. I was watching the game live and yelled "no, don't dive" just before he dove.
Eh, beautiful basketball with absolutely no stakes isn't compelling to me. I'd rather watch the Knicks and Cavs of the 90s face off (talk about ugly basketball) than the Warriors cruise against inferior competition.
oh, this isn't new. as with everything that the modern Republican Party embraces, it was used against blacks during the civil rights movement.
Don't forget, that's also the game where Ellis Hobbs got called for a big PI penalty despite never touching the WR. The announcer immediately went into "defend the ref" mode by saying that contact wasn't necessary since Hobbs was faceguarding, despite the faceguarding restriction being removed from the rules like three years prior. A stupid rule being called correctly (the tuck rule) will live on forever as the ultimate bad call but a PI where there was no contact, in an AFCCG, was quickly forgotten.
But whatever 15 pack you're buying for $17 isn't nearly as good as Dogfish Head.
Just one man's opinion here but everything I've tried from Founder's has been decidedly mediocre. I'll happily pay more for better beer.
I find it fascinating what people value. Speakers are important to you, whereas I can't think of the last time I used the speakers on my phone. Losing screenspace for speakers would be a complete non-starter for me.
I just upgraded from an old phone with a big bezel (Galaxy S5) to a new phone (OnePlus 6) and I thought the notch was a feature. The screen takes up almost the entire front of my phone and I love it. I go online and see people complaining about it and I legitimately don't understand. Would they rather have a bezel up top? The OnePlus 6 has an option to drop the notification bar below the notch (effectively replace the notch with a virtual bezel) and all it does is remove screen space. I'm forced to conclude that it is purely an aestetic thing because from a function perspective it seems undeniably great.
yeah, i've been really unimpressed by Founders. in my opinion their beers are drinkably mediocre but nowhere near as good as Dogfish Head's.
did Arad force in Sandman, emo Peter, and a focus on a Green Goblin character that no one outside of Raimi cared about? if Spidey 3 was just a Venom story, like Spidey 2 was a Doc Ock story, it could have been great. Venom is a great, iconic villain. the problem is that he was forced on Raimi and Raimi's response boiled down to "fuck you, i'll show you by making a bloated mess."
sure, if you completely ignore shooting and defense Kuzma is 80% of Tatum.
&gt; it didn't go well it sounds like you played Vast, alright. that games unofficial title should be Vast: It Didn't Go Well. the few times I played (before I realized that it I simply wasn't interested in playing it again) it didn't seem like playing the Knight was any tougher than the other roles. one of the major flaws of Vast (it has more than one) is that the role of the Cave serves to balance the game and largely dictates how the other roles perform. so since it was your first time playing, your Cave player may not have realized that and may have mistakenly targeted you despite you already having a poor start. if that happens there is legitimately nothing you can do - it's just bad game design. hopefully as you play more your Cave players will balance the game better. as for what you can do in the future, the Cave-as-balance mechanic makes that tricky. you're now saddled with the strategy that a lot of bad games force on players - try to gain power while looking like you're less powerful than you are. figure out what the other players in your group deem as powerful for each role and play differently.
I think you and I fundamentally disagree on whether games always being close is good. You seem to think so, whereas I think that it is typically due to poor/lazy game design. In this case having the Cave balance the game is lazy. Let's use your scenario of all players being one turn away from winning. Did all players really play about equally well? Did they all deserve to win? Or did the game design largely make what actually happened in the game mostly meaningless and just awarded a winner at the end? I've played A LOT of games and the number of plays where all players deserved to win is extremely rare. I have definitely played more games where all players *could* win than games where all players *deserved* to win, and I think this is bad game design. I also think it is a fairly popular game design among more casual or less analytical players. But for me, if I post-play analyse why I lost and the answer is "the game chose a winner and I had little control over it" then I walk away unfulfilled. And something you'll find with these games, when successful, is that everyone feels like they deserve to win. If all 4 players feel like they deserved to win (often because progress within game isn't clear, or gameplay doesn't properly reward good play or punish bad) and the game randomly picks one as the winner then many boardgamers walk away happy. I do not. I might as well just play One Night Ultimate Werewolf at that point. At least that shitty game is short.
This is a good houserule. In my game 9-level spontaneous casters use the charts for their level+1, so a level 4 sorcerer gets spells per day and spells known as if they were level 5. Prepared casting is still better. The delayed casting was created almost 20 years ago when the 3E developers were concerned about spontaneous casting being too powerful. It isn't. A limited spell list alone is a huge limitation, and the fact that Paizo has never fixed this is a shame. We have almost 20 years of experience telling us that delayed casting for spontaneous casters is completely unnecessary.
in my opinion it is bad design. i started my reply by saying that /u/Replect and I fundamentally disagree on this, recognizing that that mine is simply one opinion. beyond the bad design, i think in the specific example of Vast it IS lazy. it looks to me like he tried something really ambitious (an asymetric game) and compensated for the difficulty by placing the burden of balancing the game almost entirely on the players (via roles directly balancing other roles and then the Cave further balancing the game beyond that). the game and it's Kickstarter were riddled with evidence that the game designer didn't really know what he was doing - i don't know why i should look at a seemingly lazy design in a game which required a second Kickstarter to fix the rules and deduce that the designer chose that route for a good reason. there definitely should be room in the hobby for light "anyone can win whether they deserve to or not" games but Vast is not that game. a game of Vast takes well over an hour and is fiddly, with complicated rules and a bunch of components to manage. if i'm going to invest the time and effort to learn, play, and manage the game i want more from it than most of the game not mattering and someone being anointed winner at the end via happenstance as much as skill.
he was a blogger. ESPN picked his blog up but it was still a blog. saying that he was a journalist is being extremely kind.
with the Grizz pick Boston wants it to end up top 8 so that they get a top-6 protected pick next year or an unprotected pick in two years. they already have at least two 1sts this year and would rather that one convey later.
this is the right answer. this isn't the type of thing that should be overly explained, as you don't want to imply that there's a reasonable debate to be had. the DM is wrong and the only acceptable outcome is for him to back down.
he threw an INT, had two easy INTs dropped, and fumbled twice. that's pretty bad. he just got lucky that the Giants recovered the fumbles and NE dropped the INTs.
any other president would have spoken out against Nazis the day of Charlottesville and everyone else wouldn't have felt the need to. when the president refuses to condemn Nazis it suddenly feels important to others to do so.
because they're getting the benefits of the union regardless their choice. also, because workers have to be fucking idiots to think they'd be better without the union. there's a reason why this is being pushed by big business - it benefits them and only them.
Fultz's trade value could definitely go down. when the season started Fultz's value was "at an all-time low," and it's only gone lower since then. if he gets healthy over the offseason and starts next year just as bad as he is now then his value would go down. if he declares that he'll never play for Philly again then his value would go down.
eh, the NE-Minn game last week had multiple terrible spots, two of which were reviewed. and one of the spots reviewed was obviously wrong yet upheld on review anyway because the camera shots were so bad (and the refs are morons). the game actually made me ponder how easy it would be for the NFL to track the ball and how much of a dinosaur the league is. it would be very easy to track the balls on the field and give the refs access to that information real-time and a hell of a lot more accurate than the system we have now. there would just be a minor, up-front cost to set it up and unless Belichick runs a bake sale we know the NFL won't want to pay for it.
did this change? are old accounts grandfathered? i ask because my wife is the only person on my PS4 with the DLCs and my friend and i can both use and upgrade the DLC items.
Morris was an above-average pitcher who pitched a lot on some really good teams, and that's about the best you can say about him. oh, he also had an amazing playoff game. Morris is a much worse Andy Pettitte, and Andy Pettitte isn't a Hall of Famer (though Pettitte is borderline enough that i won't be mad if he gets in, though Mussina and Schilling deserve to get in first).
Superman's dad told him that he should have allowed a bus full of kids die because his secret is more important than their lives. Superman then lets his dad die a preventable death. I don't care of it is the character or the world that is darker, that just isn't Superman anymore.
when the decision is whether or not to needlessly let people die, then yes, i expect Superman to make the right decision at 18. it isn't about age or rationality, it is about a core, defining characteristic of the character. &gt; you honestly believe he would act rational? No because teenagers are irrational, no matter what. and that's just excuse-making bullshit. teenagers still have a moral compass, especially when it comes to things like life or death. heck, when i was 16 i had a friend that i had a crush on (didn't we all?) and she kind of threw herself at me when drunk. and i stopped the situation because i had a sense of right and wrong, even though at the time (mid-90s) the concept of drunken non-consent was hardly societally established. i don't think it it asking too much for a teenage Superman to put saving lives above his own needs. paladins don't have to decide to do the right thing, it comes naturally to them.
the conversation may not have just come out and said it, but that was clearly the lesson that he learned, as we saw on screen. you know what we didn't see on screen? him struggle with that decision, and him learning from his mistake. it seems pretty clear what he took from that conversation.
it's worth noting that one of the presidents that was impeached would have been removed by the Senate had he not resigned first. the other was the victim of political grandstanding and therefore not removed.
i can see myself using it as a way to save charge TMs on cheaper pokemon and that's about it. 10k dust is definitely worth it to save a charge TM and/or guarantee the move i want after just 1 charge TM, and 50k probably still seems worth it depending on how many TMs i have at that time.
i think you're missing the point that /u/Xeosphere isn't trying to make the Wimbledon analogy work because it is a *really* bad analogy. There are no professionals here and Niantic shouldn't be designing features for only the top 5% of players (and if they do, they shouldn't be teasing them to the general playerbase).
really? i'm a Boston fan and i'd be very happy if you signed him to that. i think at this point we have to assume we're never seeing 2015 Harper again. he's a 3-5 fWAR player, which is very nice to have, but i don't want to give a 10 year deal to anyone and need to feel like i'm getting a better player at a better position to do so.
i hate all of the revisionist steroid talk about baseball that's often spoken by people who weren't even alive at the time. we knew baseball players were on steroids in the 80s. steroids in sports were in the public consciousness, particularly because of the East Germans being so brazen about their usage in the Olympics. when Oakland came to Boston Canseco would be serenaded with "Steroids!" chants, and i bet that happened throughout the country. the notion that we were all naive is absurd. there was demand for steroid testing in MLB, and MLB asked for steroid testing in labor negotiations in '93. the players were ardently against it and would not end the strike if the new agreement included steroid testing. so what choice exactly did MLB have? they asked for steroid testing and the player's union said no. and MLB had no power to demand testing, as the players executed a successful strike and had all of the power. now i do think all of those guys should be in the Hall but it is revisionist bullshit to blame it on the league. the steroid issue in baseball was created by the players.
not the guy you asked, but a major issue i have with soccer is that the most important skill for soccer players is endurance, and watching endurance is not fun. you could have a guy who is a magician with the ball but if he has shitty endurance he can't play. it needlessly weeds out skilled players. any time i watch soccer and you can see guys pacing themselves it grinds my gears. meanwhile, in hockey guys regularly skate all-out because they have a breather coming shortly. a sport with rules preventing players from playing with maximum effort is about the dumbest thing i've ever heard of. yet whenever anyone floats the idea of allowing unlimited substitutions in soccer they're treated like a heretic.
it takes time for people to adapt and the gradual increases could just as easily be explained by the different rates at which coaches/teams adapt, along with dinosaur coaches who refuse to adapt getting run out of the league. and this applies to both adapting their offenses and adapting defenses to handle modern offenses. look at baseball. we 100% know, beyond a shadow of a doubt, that defensive shifts work. yet we still have teams all over the spectrum when it comes to utilizing defensive shifts, with their use gradually increasing each year. ego, stubbornness, and stupidity are powerful forces that pervade sports.
oh look, it's a decade-old talking point. did you escape from your MySpace page and find your way to Reddit?
Manning was great but he was hardly perfect. and there's no way he was the best QB (or MVP) in 2008 or 2009.
every 20 years we get told that soccer is on the cusp of breaking out in the US and it never happens. MLS is a relative success but it still draws poor talent and is very niche - i don't know 1 person who follows MLS. i understand soccer. i've tried watching soccer. it simply isn't a very good game that perseveres due to tradition and extremely low barrier to entry. and there are easy fixes to make it a much better game (the two i mentioned are the most obvious) but because of the tradition that keeps it alive we aren't going to see those changes any time soon.
i didn't mention Peyton Manning or Tom Brady anywhere in my post. it's odd that you say that you don't care about the debate since you're the one that brought it up. i simply provided an example of an elite offensive team beating an elite defensive team.
wait, now Sherman was injured in that game? at this rate in a few years the narrative will be that Carroll was out there playing D.
yes, yes they are. when Golden State is serious no one comes close to them. our only hope is that they try to coast through a playoff series and blow it, like almost happened with Houston last year. and this is ignoring Boogie completely. he could make them even better.
did you respond to the wrong person? all i did was question the oft-repeated "a good defense beats a good offense" mantra.
do you really require me to say "i shit on it because, *in my opinion*, soccer is a bad game."? of course it is just my opinion. millions of people in this world love the sport. i don't think they're wrong to love the sport, i just disagree with them that it is a good sport.
if someone is running for 90 minutes straight that means they either aren't running very hard or they have extraordinary endurance. there's a reason why hockey and basketball players takes breaks - they simply could not go an entire 60 minutes at maximum effort. the only asinine thing here is denial of this basic fact. soccer players hold back from sprinting all of the time. they have to be smart about when to sprint because they have to hold up for 90 minutes. a basketball or hockey player can sprint whenever they need to because they know they will be sitting on the bench soon.
and the obvious missing information is how many times they've made the playoffs without earning a bye. and the answer is 3.
amid the context of racism and sexual assault (two things we knew about Trump before the election) it's a stupid butterfly garden. yes it's pretty important, but i'd say the safety and livelihoods of women and minorities are topics of a bit more importance. and this asshole voted for the guy who ran on the platform "fuck minorities and fuck women (consent not important)!"
No, I'd rather Dems work with Republicans to put reasonable limits on gun ownership and acquiring guns. That should be an option. But because Republicans refuse to even discuss gun control, the next best option is Dems winning and doing it themselves. You know what I don't want? More massacres where 20 young children are murdered at school. And we're currently taking the path that makes that more likely to happen again.
don't forget that adding a second charge move to Golems is really cheap. i also have a ton of fast TMs so i added Earthquake to my Rock/Rock Rhyperior and fast TMed it temporarily.
Superbad is tough because it's a teen movie. no one can be expected to be rational about teen movies for their generation, and they often don't appeal to non-teens at the time. i was 28 when Superbad came out and i just didn't get it. the relationships between the two main characters was cute but very little in the movie was actually funny to me. it also doesn't help that i had grown out of comedy delivered by someone yelling (been there with Aqua Teen, got sick of it) so a lot of what was supposed to be funny from Jonah Hill fell completely flat with me. and the cops were just stupid and completely out of place. then again, as a teenager in the late 90s i remember American Pie fondly and would probably enjoy watching it again even though i'd wager that people of other generations would just think it's stupid.
Chessex has a crappy site but when i called them they were great over the phone. My wife and I ordered custom dice as wedding favors and it was really easy. I have to assume Chessex is run by older RPGers, none of them want to design a website, and the market isn't exactly there for them to invest in a site.
If explaining your wishes to your FIL and asking him to respect them is fighting words then perhaps it's best for your family that someone stand up to your FIL. Are you going to spend the next 20 years tiptoeing around him and inconveniencing your family for him? I don't know how old your wife is and whether she's gone down this road yet, but at some point your FIL has to transition roles with her and accept/respect her as an adult. Me personally, with my dad it was as simple as the time I was driving somewhere with him, he was nagging me about my driving, and I pulled the car over, told him that I was an adult who knew how to drive, and asked him if he wanted to walk home. With my mom the regular calls between us slowed over the course of like a year, she commented one time about how we talk less than we used to, and I explained to her that every time we talked she would nag me like a mom and that I was an adult now who just didn't feel like being nagged so I called her less. After both of those experiences I saw each of them both treat me less like a son who needed their help at all times and more like close family who had reasonable boundaries. Beyond that, you're in the driver's seat here. You are the keepers of the grandkids and as such have a ton of power. If your FIL reacts negatively and your in-laws start seeing their grandkids less, you WILL see a change. And do you think your MIL will just gladly accept seeing her grandkids less because her husband is being an unreasonable ass (assuming that there's a MIL in the equation married to him)? And if your FIL would react so negatively to you respectfully explaining your wishes to him, is it really a "perfectly good relationship?" It sounds like a fine relationship that you two manage, but I wouldn't call that good. As for your son, he's 3. His happiness shouldn't be dictating decisions as it is fleeting and he won't remember anything from this age anyway. He will be much better off in the long run the sooner his parents and grandparents get on the same page .
Albany, NY, ranked as one of the most non-religious places in the country! You can live in denial all you want but Christmas is a Christian holiday that has become a national, commercial holiday (what it was before it was a Christian holiday doesn't change this). And yes non-Christians celebrate Christmas - I do, and two of my Jewish friends do. But that tie to Jesus and therefore God IS there, especially to believers. There's a reason why the one time each year I go to church is on Christmas Eve. I agree with you that it isn't his FIL's place but neither you nor I are Deacons in a church. I guarantee you that from his FIL's perspective it is his place. And that is why OP and/or his/her wife need to talk to the FIL. There's surely a disagreement as to whether talking to OP's children about God is his place.
no, not nearly that interesting. i guess i made it sound like i rolled a lot of d4s at once, whereas i actually just rolled a lot of d4s overall because he was a melee with a d4 weapon. he got a lot of attacks, hit a lot, and crit a lot (15-20 + crit mastery feat) so over time i rolled a lot of d4s.
not really. taking a college player who wasn't going to play was kind of weird, but once you've committed to that publicity stunt you might as well take the most famous college player. i also figured they took a college kid because Laettner was available. if not him they probably would have taken another pro. basically, Shaq was never getting on that team.
What's next? Hopefully a feeling of shame for buying Hobby Lobby boxes.
or just not let you buy a gun.
eh, there's a big difference between Schodack and Albany, and a big difference between Schodack and (*looks on map for place even further out from a city*)... Downsville. Upstate is far from a homogeneous entity. In Albany-Schenectady-Troy the believers I know are easily outnumbered by the non-believers. And at the jobs I've had here there's always the 1 or 2 token open Fox Newsers, the few people who I suspect are crazy but keep quiet, and then the rest of us who just want them to stop talking right-wing politics to us. I definitely come across the Trumpers here but they're noteworthy for being Trumpers, which just drives home how much of a minority they are.
eh, many of us don't place any value on him being the best lefty reliever. that's two qualifiers there that both lower the bar quite a bit.
if the goal of pitchers was only to strike out as many batters as possible, and we didn't care what happened with the rest, then he'd be the #1 pitcher all-time. but what happens when a pitcher doesn't strike out the batter is extremely important and Ryan was much worse than other all-time greats in that regard.
I personally think the only way McGriff should be in is via the Veterans Committee. He definitely deserves it more than Baines but he doesn't pass my standard for HoF.
and Andrew Jones is #2.
Clemens and Bonds were both HoFers before they used steroids. they also were much better than Sosa while on the juice. Sosa is two tiers below those guys, with Manny (there's really no argument Sosa was as good as him) in the tier between them.
you'd need to remove 2 guys from the ballot because Manny deserves the HoF a lot more than Sammy, in the scenario that we're ignoring their steroid usage. but no one's arguing that Manny should be in.
because if guys like Rolen and Jones can't get in then Vizquel sure as hell doesn't deserve it.
if you dislike Schilling as a person (i sure do) and would be so unprofessional as to let that dictate your decision, then so be it. but if you legitimately think that Pettitte was better than Schilling then you're just wrong and there's no excuse for such a terrible pick. heck, Pettitte even has the steroid taint that Schilling does not.
yes, you're right. Schilling's politics do make him a bad example and an odd case. the weird thing with Schilling is that baseball is such a conservative sport. every other pitcher seems to be a good ole boy from Texas that likes to go hunting. but when one player is proud to be a far-right nutter (which sadly makes up a pretty decent percentage of the population) the baseball media goes after the guy, hard.
moving away from? Hollywood has always been about making money. if anything i'd argue that there are more options now, and with more options comes more quality. &gt; My frustration is that growing up... you realize you're a cliche, right? things weren't better when you were growing up, you were just young and naive, and had more time for your interests. just like [insert your favorite sport here] wasn't better when you were young either. also, you can go to the theater without seeing blockbusters. you know that, right? i've seen a lot of non-blockbusters in theaters. they do play them.
Eh, reflex saves are aren't really important. Damaging spells do so little damage, as a % of hp, that I'll gladly just suck up a little extra lost hp rather than invest in reflex saves. Back in AD&amp;D days reflex saves could save your life but that changed with 3E. I think +1 initiative is a much bigger deal than +1 reflex.
This is all very specific is specific classes. Of course a sorcerer or Oracle have a need for CHA, but a wizard, cleric (if I want more channels I'd rather spend a feat on extra channeling than waste precious ability points), and druid don't. A paladin has a need for CHA, but a fighter, barbarian, or ranger don't. There are a lot more classes that don't than do. If I want to UMD I'd rather spend a feat on skill focus than precious ability points on CHA. And most archetypes suck, and archetypes that turn a dump stat into a needed stat particularly suck. An archetype is rarely a good reason to pump CHA.
? i didn't disagree with your math, i stated that your math included low-end HP and ignored favored class bonus. make the CON 16 and add in favored class and that adds 14 HP, which is not negligible. and every level after 7 the fighter with only 14 CON is gaining an average of 8.5 HP while the fireball only gains a d6, so the fireball keeps getting worse and worse.
no you didn't. i never bothered checking your math and only read the words, and you never mentioned favored class bonus. now checking your math because you seem to want me to, a level 7 fighter with 14 COn and perfectly average rolls would have 64 HP (10 for level 1, 5.5*6 [33] for levels 2-7, +21 for 14 CON and favored class bonus). Even without favored class (a player would be a moron to take anything but HP as a fighter) it would be 57. So your math that stated 52-60 was not right, which wasn't even my point. My point was that by giving only 14 CON and not including +7 for favored class you were undererstimating HP.
You said it yourself. &gt; There’s an inherent expectation with Star Wars that you know everything that’s happened to everybody making a Star Wars trilogy without mythos is like making a Disney princess movie without music. sure you can do it, but that isn't what the audience wants and it flies in the face of what has always been delivered to the audience in that brand of movie. i didn't go see TLJ because of JJ Abrams or Rian Johnson. i went to see it because it was a Star Wars movie. i don't want good storytelling as much as i want a Star Wars story, and hopefully the Star Wars movie does have good storytelling. i have a friend who was fond of defending TLJ by saying "it is a good movie, just not a good Star Wars movie" and he didn't understand how he perfectly encapsulated what was wrong with the movie. the #1 requirement, first and foremost above quality, is that it be a Star Wars movie. only then do we move on to quality. we just always assumed that first part and didn't think it had to be stated because it is so fucking obvious. there are movies where you can take chances, and there are chances you can take within major franchises, but taking a chance on a Star Wars movie that ignores the mythos is just downright stupid. Disney might as well greenlight Marvel movies without superheroes and Princess movies without a love interest while they're at it. &gt; I don’t think JJ or RJ were interested in filling in 30 years of stuff then they shouldn't have chosen to start the new trilogy in the same galaxy, with the same characters, and only 20-30 years in the future from the OT. they could have chosen to set the new trilogy 200 years later, with everyone from the OT long since dead, in which case passing references to what happened in the OT would have been fine. but they chose to use Luke 30 years later, and completely change his character, with the only explanation being "he panicked and acted completely out of character when he sensed his student being influenced by a new Sith Lord, but don't worry about the details. they don't matter."
while the context is nice, i don't think it excuses his comments because of the scale of what he dealt with versus the scale of what legitimate MeToo is dealing with. for instance, the fact you needed to explain what happened to Shatner reinforces the fact that his ordeal was a nothingburger. no doubt some people on Twitter cared, but Twitter isn't real life. in real life no one cared and the story didn't go anywhere. so Shatner had to deal with a crazy person that no one took seriously. the horror! meanwhile, women are being raped. women are being subjected to men whipping their dicks out at work. Elizu Dushku (who was raped as a child, mind you) had someone at work regularly sexualizing her in front of others and when she asked him to stop she was fired. oh, and in the past women who have spoken out about these things have been called liars or simply not been taken seriously. so I'm fine if Shatner deals with the occasional crazy person that no one takes seriously if it means that women who are sexually harassed and/or assaulted can speak up. that isn't asking too much of men like him. and men like him need to be really myopic if they think their interest in avoiding crazies like this woman are more important than the ability of women who are harassed and assaulted to speak up. it's like the stupid arguments against affirmative action. as a white man, if i lose the occasional job to a minority candidate that's just fine. i have so many advantages over them that i'm still much better off than they are. and that's men like Shatner when it comes to MeToo - i'm just fine if he suffers the occasional false accusation that no one takes seriously. he's still much better off than were he a woman.
he may have defined it but he sure as hell didn't start it. Kordell Stewart came before him. as for doing things other QBs can't do, he could also bounce a 10-yard pass to a wide open Alge Cumpler. i guess other QBs *could* do that, they were just good enough that they didn't. highlight reel plays are great and all but the greats in sports are typically defined by boring consistency.
against one of the easiest schedules in the history of the league. the Dolphins went from 1-15 in 2007 to 11-5 in 2008 because of how easy the AFC East schedules were that year. in 2008 the AFC East teams each played 8 games against the AFC &amp; NFC West divisions. those divisions combined for a 45-83 record. remove the 48 intradivisional games within which those divisions are guaranteed a .500 record and those divisions had a 21-59 non-divisional record. that's putrid. so yes, the 2008 Patriots had a pretty good record absent from context but within the context of how stacked the roster was and how easy their schedule was it really wasn't a very good record.
it does if you simply view an EX raid as an invite-only legendary. so far all legendaries except one have been T5. but because of those words "except one" it is prudent to confirm that all future legendaries are T5.
i don't really think this is an issue. trying to make everyone happy is impossible, and you're asking Squeenix to hit a moving target. FF13 focused heavily on the story and the feedback from that game was that the players wanted open world, which actually detracts from the story. so with 15 they gave us open world and now you're saying that they didn't focus on the story enough. i guess threading that needle and finding the perfect mix of story and openness is their job, and they've failed at it. i guess. i personally thought 13 was near-perfect but i might be the only one.
but if you allow cheating to go unpunished when caught, does that really serve your goal? are people more likely to get the government they want after you announce to the world that the only consequence for cheating is a do-over? there has to be a compromise that gives the people an option while also being punitive when bad actors are caught.
he was already banned when he started denying it. he ultimately gained nothing by denying it except the money made off of his admission. also, when he admitting to betting on baseball he claimed that he never bet on his own team. this also later proved to be a lie. so he lied about betting, then changed his story to betting but never on his team, and then when caught changed it to betting but never betting on his team to lose.
if it is all about story, then how do you explain the backlash against 13? 13 was designed on rails because it works better for telling a story, yet there was so much complaining about the rails. How dare they make us play as a character we didn't like, nevermind that the forced parties allowed them to tell each character's story as part of the larger one? How dare they take away maps, nevermind that exploration takes you away from the story and introduces distractions that slow the story down? they seemingly tried to go back to their roots in 12 and the game did terribly despite so many people saying that 12 is what they want. and some people did want 12, while some people wanted 13 and some people wanted 15. i just don't think it's possible for them to please everybody.
i've played over 1000 hours of Helldivers and, in my opinion, it is simply not a very good solo game. the game was designed to be played multiplayer and design decisions were made with that in mind. it's playable solo, sure, but not a good solo game. of course, there's no reason to not play online. none of my RL friends play but i've made a bunch of friends in-game. i also regularly join random games. it's a good community.
there were also a lot of us saying that Flacco slid absurdly late and you can't expect defensive players to be able to react that late. also, Flacco had control of whether or not he got hit and he prioritized getting yardage over not getting hit so we didn't have a problem with him getting hit. it's a completely different situation than the one here. Allen was already going down when Kiko left his feet. Kiko had already left his feet when Flacco started his slide.
the argument is that if Scientology threatening excommunication isn't considered harm, then NXIVM threatening to release embarrassing information isn't harm. if you read the article you'd know that.
i'm visiting my retiree parents in Central Maine right now, who are very much socially liberal and fiscally conservative, and they've jumped off the Collins train. well, at least my mom definitely has.
150k people over 8800 square kilometers is not impressive. You're making the argument for how small Bangor is without realizing it. So my TOWN (not city) has a population of 80k over 150 square kilometers. Portland is a cute little city, and it IS a small city. Nothing else in Maine even comes close to registering.
I feel bad for the player because there are scenarios where the author would expect the PCs to act at the execution. CotCT just isn't one of them, and the PCs don't necessarily have that information. I actually ran into the opposite problem in Kingmaker. I was playing and my party thought it would be dumb to fight the Stag Lord, and the DM basically had to tell us "go fight the Stag Lord." It breaks immersion a bit but sometimes with an AP the DM has to just say "do this thing" or "don't do this thing."
It sounds like your problem is that they didn't draft a TE *last year*. A rookie TE would enter this year with 0 catches from Brady, so your comment about the first 4 weeks wouldn't change. And it takes any offensive skill player some time to earn snaps in NE, with the TE position being very difficult. TE is a definite weakness this year but I don't see how a drafted TE would have made any difference.
My wife and I had no idea that Captain Marvel was going to be in Avengers 4 before the scene after Infinity War. I didn't know what the symbol on the pager was but my wife immediately knew and got really excited, so it worked for someone.
That's a great argument for breaking up those companies and instituting regulations to prevent future companies from getting that big. If Facebook and Google are so powerful that their censorship decisions can't be trusted to them the answer isn't to remove their ability to censor, it's to make them less powerful.
Of course he has responsibility. He knows how his followers will act and then he gave them a target. If I let a polar bear loose in a nursery I know it is going to kill a lot of children (or plants, I guess). I know how polar bears act and without me introducing it that polar bear was never going to attack those children. I don't get to throw my hands up and say "it wasn't me, it was the polar bear."
39 here and I love my smartphone. You don't have to do the constant texting. I don't, and other people figure it out pretty fast when I say something like "at the restaurant, sitting on the right side" and then don't respond if they follow up. If you don't respond, they'll stop. My wife does that thing where she sends 5 consecutive texts in 30 seconds. It drives me nuts if I let it. I just wait for it to stop, decide if I even need to respond, and send a one text response. On the flipside, as I left work yesterday Google maps warned me of traffic being backed up on my regular route and saved me at least half an hour. I need to drop my wife off somewhere tonight and kill an hour before I pick her up, and I'm probably going to sit in my car and watch some anime on my phone. And all day during work today I will listen to podcasts on my phone (and post on Reddit a little) without having to use any work equipment for personal use. Change the habits you don't like but I recommend enjoying how amazing this computer in your pocket is.
Then why don't you just unsub and leave the rest of us alone to like the show? You know what normal, healthy people do when they no longer like something? They stop consuming it and move on.
A big part of the reason why Marvel movies aren't one-offs is because they're so successful. No one was planning a sequel to Ant Man or Guardians of the Galaxy when those movies were made. Fox made one dead-end movie - Logan. That's one more than Disney but hardly a pattern.
Fantastic Four doesn't need another origin story, and I think the entire world can agree on that. Thankfully Feige demonstrated with Spiderman that he'll skip the origin story if it's already been told too many times.
The power of friendship is even stronger if it believes in itself.
i think it's a real shame that the made the game first-person and therefore off-limits to people who get headaches with that view. i'd love to play the game but it just isn't an option. i miss out on the game, they miss out on my money.
And more INTs. And don't make any assumptions about passer rating. Brees is currently ahead of Brady by .1, despite over 100 more dome games.
Care to give us those stats as rates? Because otherwise you're punishing Brady for scoring early in the game.
Alex Jones isn't just a dickhead. He's a dickhead that harasses people who lost a child to gun violence. He's a dickhead that has driven people to commit suicide. Alex Jones is an *evil* dickhead, whose success at being an evil dickhead is predicated on exposure. And Rogan gave him exposure.
&gt; somewhere along the line... It really was the Great Digg Exodus. This site suddenly gained so many people and became the place to go, and has steadily gotten worse since. I used to love talking sports on Reddit, since the subs were small (I remember r/NFL having like 5k subs) and the cross-section of people who were on Reddit at the time who also liked sports was a pretty awesome one to talk sports with. Those places are all cesspools now, with r/baseball being the best because of heavy moderation.
Because at the time AD's disinterest was stated it was impossible for Boston to trade for him. AD wanted to be traded mid-season, and the Celtics couldn't trade for him mid-season because of Kyrie's contract. But Boston's interest made it less likely that NO would trade him. So of course his camp came out and said he didn't want to play in Boston. They were trying to convince NO to trade him and not wait for Boston during the off-season. Let's wait until the off-season and see what AD's camp says then.
It definitely is not. Look at the Colts.
Why do you jump to the conclusion that she's been banned? I see nothing in your post to make me think that's happened. Your mother doing something wrong is much more likely than her being an accidental victim. Restart her phone. Have her open an incognito tab and log into her Google account to make sure she has that correct. Then have her log into Pogo using that account. If she can log into her Google account but that won't log into Pogo, try uninstalling Pogo and reinstalling. Then have her try another phone. And did she definitely use a Google account for Pogo? I worked customer service for years. It's much more likely that some simple issue (*cough* user error *cough*) is causing this than your mother being an accidental victim.
So every issue you have with the show has an in-world explanation. For instance, Shield Hero being stronger than the other heroes despite being half their level is explained by level being much less important in this world than skills and intelligently using them. Also, the other heroes are weaker than they should be because 1) they think the world is exactly like the games they played and therefore are limiting themselves to powers that existed in their games, and 2) are sharing a small area and racerolling it together, meaning they're never challenged and forced to get better. All of your issues with the show aren't issues with the actual show, they're disconnects between the show and your expectations.
Shield Hero is the current popular show that r/anime loves to hate, but it isn't anywhere close to as big as SAO was nor as hated by snobs. I don't think anyone will care enough to still be trashing Shield Hero seven years from now.
Except it isn't a problem. Men and women are physically different and have different baselines. The average woman runs a mile in more time than the average man. Requiring both to achieve the same time would be requiring women to be further from the mean than men. Said another way, I have no problem with the standard of a police officer being in a certain percentile of their gender. And a 20th percentile woman (or whatever standard is chosen) will be slower than a 20th percentile man.
our problem in Miami last year was that our TE couldn't tackle.
my super racist grandfather just died a couple weeks ago (he lived a full life, i'm fine with it). ultimately what you say is just so true. i loved my grandfather but the world is a better place for him having died, and that's just really sad. fun story - the first time i brought my wife to meet my grandparents i warned her that my grandpa was racist. and not just kinda racist, there was a decent chance that at some point he'd say something really bad and when he does the rest of us all just kind of make eye contact and say nothing. she assumed i was exaggerating. so Venus and Serena Williams were facing each other in a finals match and we're sitting around as a family watching it. and out of nowhere my grandfather, who is a quiet man and hadn't said a word for like 30 minutes, grunts and says "boy that Serena, she'd have made a great cotton-picker." when i think of my grandfather this is the first, and strongest memory of him i think of.
Lords of Waterdeep is its own game, in a D&amp;D setting. Scoudrels of Skullport is an expansion.
fyi, just in case you're doubting yourself about this interaction, don't. /u/jag986 is being absurd.
But comparative suffering is pretty relevant when someone is looking at the suffering of kids today and saying "THIS IS TOTALLY DIFFERENT AND NO GENERATION HAS EVER BEEN SO BAD!!!!11.
It's $45 from the state department of vital records at 800 N Pearl. It's like $10 from the town where you were born. I was temping for vital records when I got married about 5 years ago and I needed a copy of my birth certificate. I did the whole thing over the phone/fax with the town where I was born.
So I actually like Loku and think he's better than he often gets credit for, but I think Mak is great. And considering you already have Shyla to clear groups your team could use someone like Mak to focus down tougher single enemies. Loku's tokens are really nice but in my experience I found that his silly accuracy bonuses rarely come into play and his ability to allow everyone to ignore LoS isn't as useful as it seems. And most of his upgrades seem to just make him better at placing tokens. Mak's ability to add Pierce 2 is great, he regularly focuses himself, and he has a fantastic movement ability. At first blush your instinct is to use his movement ability to retreat away from attacks but it really shines when pushing forward toward objectives. My Imperial opponent regularly just ignored Mak because he didn't want to trigger his abilities, which left Mak open to rush objectives. I guess I'd say that if the player wants a variety of abilities he should choose Mak and if he wants one ability that he can upgrade and master as he plays to choose Loku.
The theory that Ortiz was messing around with the wrong woman was previously put out there and sounds plausible enough. Ok. But this guy is a fucking loon for the way he starts looking for meaning in details, just like a conspiracy theorist. Sure it's possible that the shooter was aiming for his spine (good luck with that) but it's much more likely that the guy was nervous and wanted to be sure to hit while not wanting to get closer so he shot at the big part of Papi. Or finding something suspicious in the medical plane the Sox owners sent down there. There's nothing suspicious about calling various companies that own a medical plane and finding one that can get one there on no notice, just like there's nothing suspicious when you need 100 chairs for an event tomorrow and find a company to provide them. I suspect this guy actually knows nothing and is creating a conspiracy theory for attention and to feel smart.
maybe i'm just a lot smarter than this cop but any research i do for work is on work accounts, not my personal ones.
and if the games are good, i personally can't understand why anyone would be upset. i would love to have more Horizon Zero Dawn content to play right now and would happily pay for another game, and i wouldn't be complaining that it was split up. if i have the choice of one FF7 game with all of the issues of FF7 or three FF7 games that tell the story better and let me spend more time in Midgar (which is the most distinctive aspect of the game, including being featured in the cover art) then i'll take the latter. also, as an old and heavy lover of FF7 cost isn't a problem. if an adult can't afford $200 over multiple years on a hobby then they're doing something wrong. it's younger people who don't have so much money that i feel bad for.
i watch many tevevision shows over multiple seasons, and enjoy them during the process despite the story not being completed until the very end. if done well there's no reason why video games can't accomplish the same thing. from my perspective what matters is that the story moves and keeps me interested, not that it be complete after the first game. as long as they have enough quality story to fill the first game i'll be happy - if they fill it out with garbage i won't. ultimately it all depends on execution. if they execute poorly then i'll be upset with the way they chose to do this. if they execute well i'll be happy because i'll have multiple games to play, with a more complete story, versus the one i already played 20 years ago.
I don't see any good argument for the maps not being cheating. Being extremely useful doesn't change that.
Holy shit, that sure sounds like Jones put out a hit on opposing counsel on-air. I don't see how the judge doesn't interpret that as a threat.
And the fact it drags leads to the season 3 part 2 ratings being so high because many people who weren't super into it, and therefore would have given it more reasonable ratings, stopped watching. You see this a lot with shows in later seasons - ratings go up as more casual watchers abandon the show. And the dragging definitely contributed to a couple of my friends abandoning it. I mean, we're 60 episodes in and we're just now getting backstory to the world, which is just being dumped all at once. I can't help but think it could have been done better.
I'm amazed at your ability to describe negatives as if they're positives. Scooter riders on sidewalks, and scooters being left dockless on sidewalks, are not good things. I'm also not looking forward to the accidents, as few scooter riders wear helmets and people renting them are inherently unfamiliar with them and therefore more dangerous on them. We do have a river, though, and places with scooters somehow always devolve into them being tossed in rivers. So we have that to look forward to.
I downvoted them for inserting immigration politics into an issue that has zero to do with immigration. Many of us want legalized marijuana and undocumented with drivers licenses. The two issues are not in opposition.
in the last ~~four~~ three years he's been a 4-5 WAR player once. being one for the next few years would be a considerable improvement.
anyone who questioned the trade wasn't dumb. they were proven wrong but that doesn't mean they were dumb. your paragraph above could be written about Boston trading for Kyrie. i thought it was a massive homerun for Boston outside of some bad PR, while the general consensus was that it was a bad trade for Boston. hindsight now tells us that IT was broken, the Brooklyn pick wasn't nearly as valuable as anyone thought, and Kyrie nuked Boston's rebuild so ultimately it was a terrible trade for Boston but for a reason almost no one foresaw. homers view everything their team does positively, and sometimes they're right (you with Kawhi) and sometimes they're wrong (me with Kyrie). and the results doesn't make one homer smarter than another, or any non-homers dumber than others. in 2004 i told my gf that the Red Sox were still going to beat the Yankees in the playoffs despite being down 3 games to 0, even though no team had ever done that before. i wasn't being smart - i was just being a homer.
Sorry, I accidentally included 2019 to make 4 years. I should have said one of the last three. Even using fWAR he was a 4-5 WAR player once in the last three years. Anyone expecting that over the next few is likely to be disappointed. I personally call him a 3-5 WAR player (since fWAR is better), since that 3-4 range seems pretty relevant to him.
The last two episodes were a massive info dump [the start of which was very clumsy two episodes ago] where 1) the status of humanity, 2) the identity of their enemy, 3) the motivations of their enemy, 4) the history and origin of the Titans, 5) the nature of the Titans, 6) the reason why some Titans are different and how many unique Titans there are, 7) the geography of the world, 8) how humanity got within the walls, 9) the motivation of the King who built the walls, 10) the source of the MC's power... once I hit 10 important things I think I've made my point. I could probably go on with some help. Attack on Titan is a classic example of little hints being dropped along the way of a story that mean absolutely nothing unless you already know the story, in which case it was all so obvious all the time. A perfect example is the spoilers that manga readers complained about in the season 3 part 2 OP - they weren't spoilers because they meant nothing to anime-only. Because it was so long between season 3 parts 1 &amp; 2 my wife asked me to summarize for get what we knew about the story up until that point. To be clear, this was 50 episodes. And the story could be summarized in like four sentences. &gt; Humanity lives behind massive circular walls to protect them from monstrous Titans that roam the land. Over 100 years ago a king, who was a Titan, lead humanity behind the walls and then erased everyone's memory. The main character is a human that can turn into a Titan, and humanity is fighting a small group of humans that turn into Titans. 5 years ago these enemy Titans destroyed a gate to the outside wall, imperiling humanity and setting off the story. Did I miss anything important? I don't think so. And that's 50 episodes in. Little hints and reminders that there is a larger story, without enough information to put anything together until after the fact, is not the same as there actually being a larger story throughout. There's no reason why a better writer couldn't have spaced out some of the reveals. For instance, they could have discovered about their geography and the existence of a much larger world separately from learning about their enemies and their motivations. Or they could have just gotten to the massive info dump faster.
I personally think everyone who calls themselves "agnostic" are simply atheists who are trying to impress someone (including themselves). Whether someone doesn't believe in the existence of a god or gods because they don't know, don't care, or strongly believe that no gods exist doesn't matter. All attempts to separate people into groups based on their reason for not believing something is just mental masturbation. Enjoy it if you need your release but keep that shit behind closed doors.
Frankly, we're so far out from primaries that there's no reason to make any tactical decisions at this point. Warren is my #1 choice, but if we get to a point where the NY primary matters and any other Dem is competing closely with Biden I'm probably voting for that other Dem, even if Warren is still in it. But so much will happen between now and then that right now I'm not worrying about it. Heck, there's a very real chance that by the time primaries roll around Biden isn't a serious contender and we can stop worrying about him.
&gt; How the fuck do you show identification threateningly? By being black, presumably. Masai also buys groceries threateningly, shovels snow threateningly, etc.
and snuggles puppies manacingly
i'm pretty sure Kelly Olynyk over Giannis counts. it was especially bad because we needed high-upside picks at the time and passed on Giannis for a guy whose ceiling was "solid role player."
It's so silly to pretend that Boston didn't draft Rondo, just like it'd be silly to say Atlanta didn't draft Hunter last night. So Boston hasn't drafted an all-star since 2006.
You mean the Baynes who is getting bought out and will get both his money and the ability to sign wherever he wants? I wish I could be "done dirty" like that by my employer.
Thank you, that sounds perfect.
Similar to this, I personally find that modules go better when both the DM and players accept that the story is mostly on rails *and that's ok*. My wife and I were in a game with a set story and we started by playing as if we were in a more sandboxy game and it just didn't go well. The DM insisted that it was ok and encouraged us to get sidetracked, but he just couldn't run impromptu stuff as well as the stuff that was designed by professionals and he had prepared for. And once we realized this and looked for the rails the game became much better. Since then my wife and I have both run modules with the other person playing, and having a player working with the DM to make sure the story plays out well has made both of those campaigns much better than they otherwise would have. The ideal scenario is obviously a DM running their own adventure as good as a module, that can be adjusted on the fly. But if that's not possible (I personally can't tell a compelling story as a DM) there's nothing wrong with playing a good adventure on rails.
People in this thread have hit in why it was huge, but I haven't seen mention of why it is #1 worldwide - massive international sales. Visual movies tend to do well internationally since there is no language barrier for visuals, and Avatar in 3D might be the most visually stunning movie ever.
They have Embiid and Simmons for the foreseeable future, which I think makes it a success regardless of playoff results. Most teams that go through a normal rebuild don't end up with two players that good.
Kraft wanted to hire Belichick when he hired Carroll, and aggressively went after him when he replaced Carroll, trading a 1st-round pick for him. I highly doubt Kraft would have fired Belichick after just two seasons.
I don't think Seagal's name being suggested from higher-up, but him never reading for the part, qualifies as him "almost" being cast. This seems like one of those things where someone suggests something stupid, you nod your head and say "uhuh," and 5 seconds later you forget the suggestion and move on.
It isn't an uncommon opinion that FMA is better than FMA:B. It's a minority opinion, but not uncommon. Me personally, I'd say that Brotherhood has a more coherent larger story and a more expensive cast off characters, but that the main characters are better in the original. It felt like FMA had more time for the main characters and the viewer got to just spend more time with them, whereas Brotherhood was more concerned with spending time telling the larger story and using other characters. As more time has passed Brotherhood has gotten worse to me, and I definitely like the original more by comparison. I love Ed and Al and all of these years later they are what I love most about the show, not the larger story which is good but isn't special. Ed and Al, and their personal story together, ARE special to me.
Is that something it deserves a lot of credit for, though? Surfer bros are completely irrelevant to like 99% of the population. Should a person in Pennsylvania be marveling at how well it captured surfer bros? That said, I believe you that it did this well. I'm pretty sure I heard that Bigelow filled out Bodie's crew with surfers, not actors.
It works until it stops working. The beautiful thing about playing The Resistance with a group is that the group adapts and grows. At the game is too easy for the spies if they always vote to go on bad missions and vote down missions they're on, but then resistance members adapt and start looking for those practices, at which point the game swings in their favor. Then spies start tactically voting against their own interests, which swings things in their favor again, until the resistence starts looking for THAT. Any strategy the spies successfully implement will only work for so long. As for this specific example, a spy selling out other spies, my group implemented that strategy and then adjusted to it. It's a useful tool for the spies to have in their belt but it becomes less useful the more it is used.
but the tell you're looking for has nothing to do with bluffing, or even the game's gameplay. you're looking for a tell in how the information is given to the players, which i don't think is part of the game. i just asked my wife and neither of us has even considered this before, which raises the question of whether the other players at your table have. because if they haven't considered it, and if you haven't told them, then you're taking advantage of them and are compromising the game for them before it has even started (from their perspective). i'm open to being convinced that the game has already started at this point but then i'm forced to question how many people, like my wife and i, disagree and aren't playing the game yet at that point. i'm going to ask my friends to see if anyone in our group watches reactions to role assignment. -edit- this also seems like it would just be picking on newer players. it's already hard enough being less experienced at these type of games, but newer players have to think a lot more about what their roles mean.
if a group starts a game convinced someone is a spy and won't reevaluate that decision then the game is already broken and you'd be right, OP might as well do whatever they want and they can't break it any worse. but if the game doesn't start broken then proving that you aren't a spy isn't hard. play like a member of the resistance and prove yourself an asset that can be trusted. i've done it so many times and eventually people start saying "either he's not a spy or he's a really bad spy helping us win." and if they just assume that OP is a spy then they aren't influencing the game any more by being silent. either way they get their open votes and the ability to pick a team on their turn.
as someone who has played over 50 games, i can assure you that the game is very winnable for the resistance if enough players have decent/good analytical abilities and care to learn and get better. there's quite a bit of information to be gleened just from who votes to go on which mission, let alone who is on missions when they fail. usually when people say that their games come down to randomness it's because no one is looking at the public votes and having discussions about them. 5 people voted to go on a mission that failed? before the spies adjust their strategy there's a really good chance that you can immediately shorten your list of spies to those 5 people and trust everyone who voted against it (since the spies knew it would fail and therefore would all have voted for it).
the same thing happened to the Jets that happens to most teams - the cap caught up with them. young players like Revis became expensive to keep, which was done at the expense of depth. short-term moves were made that cost less against the cap in the first year but hurt much more a few years later. and the veterans they had on those teams got older and less effective. every year the Jets got a little worse, and they were never a very good regular-season team in the first place.
Not really the point, but you kind of sound like a crappy friend. Instead of talking about it you purposefully troll someone and ruin the game for everyone? I only know how my group played the game, and it worked very well for us. We discussed every vote and made the spies lie a lot and, no, it wasn't a quick game. But we had multiple people join our group and no one ever said the game was less fun our way - in fact we heard the opposite. One guy, after playing with us, exclaimed "I thought I had played Resistance before but I've never played a game like THAT" and immediately wanted to play again.
Ok, that's fair. I guess I've been lucky to never deal with a player like that.
Eh, I think you're overestimating how much work I was doing at home. A vast majority of the time I spent after my wife went to work was playing video games and watching anime. I was just also doing the laundry, dishes, and going grocery shopping - none of which takes particularly long in a household of two adults. We even kept our cleaning lady the whole time.
Whether their jobs were meaningful or they're just wired differently, I don't know that the people you referenced are a good standard to apply to others. Most people I know don't do meaningful work and aren't wired in a way that requires work to be happy. My wife would tell you that her work is meaningful, but if she didn't work she'd find other things to do that were meaningful. I just don't know how large this population of people who 1) achieve meaning via their work and 2) can't find meaning elsewhere really is. But I do think you'd get a disproportionate number of those people if your sample was people who can afford to retire early.
Is he just ignoring when the Red Sox visited within the last couple months and only one player of color went? The Puerto Rican manager even skipped the visit. Oh wait, of course he's ignoring the truth to make a crappy point.
July 21
&gt;I have good insurance No, no you don't. Not even close.
So I recently started a state job with union healthcare in NY. I became eligible for the healthcare today! Due to my wife and I leaving companies or having separate insurance this is the 5th health insurance policy I've familiarized myself with in the last 5 years and it is heads-and-shoulders better than the rest. We're saving over $500/month just from switching from my wife's insurance, and getting better coverage out of it. My point is, I *really* like my health insurance right now. And I would happily give it up for Medicare-For-All.
Do your siblings have good coverage? Your friends? Do you have adult children? Do you care about anyone other than yourself? There's a decent chance I have better insurance than you (for an example, I have zero deductible in-network) and I'd happily give mine up because just a month ago I had much worse insurance and I know what it's like. I also have a friend who commented to me when the GOP failed to kill the ACA that his heart problem would prevent him from ever getting insurance again if pre-existing conditions were brought back. Sometimes what is best for society isn't necessarily best for you individually. Then again, I don't know if you or I would even be worse off. Do you know anyone in Medicare? It's pretty good.
Go look at the NY map. It's completely reasonable and separates cities into their own districts. FUCK THAT. I hope my state gerrymanders the fuck out of the next map. If Texas is going to do it and the Supreme Court doesn't want to intervene then NY and California need to do the same. Dems could never lose the House again. Maybe if the Dems break it then the SC will suddenly find themselves capable.
The Supreme Court just made an overtly partisan ruling to entrench Republican power. A Supreme Court seat was stolen. Outgoing Republicans now pass laws to prevent incoming Democrats from doing their jobs. Republicans in Oregon are threatening police while gleefully hiding behind militias. A provision in a tax law was included specifically to hurt people in affluent cities because they're majority Democrat. This shit is getting worse every year. Republicans do not give one iota of a care about doing what is right or being fair. It's a game and we automatically lose it by refusing to play.
This is a perfect example of conservatives always assuming that Democrats are faking compassion because the concept of compassion is completely foreign to them. You might not care, but many people do legitimately care about the well-being of others *and you shouldn't interpret it as a threat*.
I really want to see Brown and Tatum play more minutes and take shots that Morris and Rozier took last year. The problem for the two young guys last year wasn't that they were competing with Kyrie for shots, it's that they were competing with Kyrie and five other guys, who all thought they should be starting, for shots. When eight guys thought they should be starters there weren't enough shots to go around.
Because there isn't. The system thing is stupid because the system is adapting to their personnel with Brady as the centerpiece. One year they're throwing short stuff, the year after they're throwing deep more, and the next year they're running out of 2 RB sets. I'm just sometimes willing to concede the stupid point because the person isn't going to suddenly be reasonable, at which point I like to point out that Peyton Manning and Joe Montana were both system QBs.
If you end up with better coverage for cheaper it is absurd to be upset about it just because non-citizens are also getting covered. And I'm pretty sure Dems would happily pass legislation that would lead to collecting more taxes from non-citizens, if that's your problem. Allowing them to work legally would be a great step in that direction.
Using the current status of NY, or any state, right now doesn't make sense. We had a blue wave in 2018 so of course a democratic gerrymander would look less impressive right now. A lot of districts went from red to blue in NY in 2018. A gerrymander could guarantee that they'd never go back red.
Then they arent newbies, they're vets using a new account. The game has such a beautiful learning curve that no one is good when they first start playing. Getting good is a reward that must be earned.
Either you don't level up your counters past 30 or you greatly underestimate how much candy you'll need for a team of kyogres.
But it really isn't. No one is forcing vaccines on people. But some governments are forcing vaccines on people *who want to use a government service where they'll expose other people if they get sick*. If parents don't want to vaccinate their kids then they can attend a private school that doesn't require vaccines. This allows the people who can't get vaccinated to stay away from them by not attending that school. In the vaccine fight there is no perfect solution. So the question becomes, do you want to inconvenience people who choose to not get vaccines or do you want to potentially kill those people who can't. Call me crazy but I don't think there should be any debate between those choices.
it can, and will, discourage people who should be counted (per the Constitution) from being counted. it's pretty straightforward.
i consider the second commander to be a bonus, so rather than lament not being able to provide my own second commander i view it as a free second commander. from that perspective it doesn't seem bad at all. i also don't have a single IRL friend that plays the game but have a pretty big friends list in-game just from accepting requests and sending requests to the randoms the game recommends. i don't see any limitation there.
I don't think expecting a shiny of a limited-release Pokemon is a reasonable standard. Shiny collecting is for hardcores. If you need shinies of everything you should expect to pay for it. For the rest of us shinies are a neat little bonus when they happen but we don't stress about them.
I watched Madoka last year without knowing anything about it and I can confirm that it is mind-blowing if you go in with no knowledge. I usually watch shows 1 episode per night and i stayed up late two nights in a row binging it. I couldn't imagine being forced to wait a week between episodes.
This seems premature until we know the rate it will appear in eggs. It's also worth noting that Wurmple will be in 2k eggs (easier to hatch) and the fact that Niantic just gave us a bunch of free incubators. If you walk regularly then I don't think it is going to be that hard to get as a free-to-play. And if you don't walk regularly then maybe during this event you should make a concerted effort to walk more.
You need to get access to your closest Pokemon Go Discord. For instance, let's say there is a Pokemon Go Discord for a town 30 minutes away. That Discord will have a channel that covers where you live. Post to that channel when there are raids you want to do. Subscribe to notifications for that channel and you'll get a notification whenever anyone else posts there. If you and your boyfriend start posting there it might even become more active. It really doesn't take many people to raid. For access, you can go to the closest hub town and look for prominent raids. Ask any other players there if there's a local Discord. Or wait until the next community day and go to the best local place, where other trainers will be. Or even easier, post to your most local subreddit - someone there will be able to link you to the local Pogo Discord. Beyond all of this, you can put in a little effort to improve your accounts from mediocre to good and create secondary, mediocre accounts. You'd be surprised how many raids you can do with two good and two mediocre accounts.
I don't think that a 26 year-old Porcello in 2015 is a good comparison to a 29 year-old Jon Lester in 2013. A lot had changed in 2 years, and one guy was exiting his prime and could be expected to get worse while the other was entering his prime and could possibly get better. Lester was unquestionably a better player but one scenario involves signing a guy for his age 30-34 seasons while the other scenario involves signing a guy for his age 27-30 seasons. That's a huge difference. The $32 million dollar difference between a $120 million commitment and an $88 million one is also pretty significant.
Not everyone sweats at night. I personally don't even shower every day.
As long as it works for you, that's great. Habits are wonderfully powerful and it sounds like you have a habit that works for you. Me personally, I used to be a "1 snooze" person and 90% of the time I would snooze the alarm once and then get up. But once in a while I would snooze it again. Ever since I changed my system to no snoozes I haven't snoozed once.
So I have a friend who was in your situation, minus the child, and for years I told him that his girlfriend wasn't going to get better and he needed to just move on. It's been like 5 years since they finally split (they had been together for almost 10 years by the time they split) and he's happily married while his ex-gf is still a mess and getting older hasn't magically made her any better. Does your partner want to change? Because if he doesn't, and having a child hasn't changed him, then nothing will. And if he wants to change then what is he doing to make it happen? And just a note on the beard thing, beard trimmers exist. He knows this, he just doesn't care. If it is important to you tell him. If he still doesn't care even though it is important to you then that should be all you need to move on and know that you made the right choice.
Under Trump, sure. But if Trump loses and on January 21st 2021 the UN announced moving their HQ I doubt the US would leave.
Just a constructive tip for moving forward, but I highly recommend you get an IUD and make every future partner wear a condom. In this day and age there's really no reason for an accidental pregnancy, let alone two. Combine two high-qualify birth control methods and the odds of pregnancy are near-zero.
There is no HOW, but there doesn't need to be. It's all just posturing and pushing a narrative. Ultimately, the Constitution spells out the impeachment process and there's no changing that without an amendment. And you don't pass amendments with a simple majority.
The biggest thing I notice is when shows are set in a northern state, it is definitely winter, and the weather is a non-factor. Sometimes it's the clothes the characters are wearing, but the thing that I really notice is house doors. We don't have conversations with the door wide open in the winter. Dawson's Creek had one of these moments that made the rounds at the time, when the characters went swimming outdoors in like November. In Massachusetts. I feel like Seinfeld went out of their way to show people being cold with little things like people warming up their hands or people hunched over in that "I'm so cold" pose. They might have only done it a few times for all I know but it always felt like they understood that in the winter we're always moving from one warm place to the next, with cold in-between.
You have to be all kinds of fanboy to think BvS was a good movie. That movie was a complete mess. I hated TLJ but I can happily admit that it's a coherent, well-made movie. I didn't like it but I can at least understand why some people did. With BvS I legitimately can't see anything to like in it. Well, unless someone *really* likes piss jars.
The FCC doesn't regulate content on cable. I don't have the time to go looking through the laws, but for whatever reason (whether they can't or they won't) they don't do it.
I'll quote myself, since you clearly missed it the first time &gt; but for whatever reason... they don't do it Can you cite any examples of the FCC regulating content on cable? Because the entire point of my last comment was that, regardless of whether the FCC has the ability to regulate content on cable, they don't.
He's a globally successful actor that started as a singer and briefly sang again after he became a huge actor. You're purposefully confusing the two. Look at his Billboard chart. He has two #1 songs, both over 20 years old, one of which was tied directly to his acting job. He has one #1 album. That's hardly lofty territory. For comparison, The Black Eyed Peas have three #1 songs and one #1 album. If Will Smith makes your list of the biggest recording artists of all time you must keep a LONG list.
Probably the best advice I can give you for buying a house in this area is that there's a lot of class segregation and you pay more for good neighborhoods. If you want clean streets and well-kept homes then don't bother looking in the cities and don't look for a bargain. You'll pay more to live in the Guilderlands, Niskayunas, and Clifton Parks and part of that is so the "undesirables" can't afford to live there. Frankly, I recommend staying out of Schenectady county. The taxes suck and despite living closer to Schenectady I go to Albany a lot more. For example, the dog park in Schenectady sucks while there are many good dog parks around Albany. And the food in Schenectady is generally disappointing - I've found a few places but I tend to go to Albany for restaurants more. I also personally advise against living north of the Mohawk River. crossing the river south in the morning or north in the evening sucks and is our only real traffic issue. As someone who lives in South Colonie, North Colonie might be best for you. Colonie taxes are really low and North Colonie has some older areas. It is a reasonable commute to both Schenectady and Saratoga. Gansevoort? Eh, not so much. As for the outdoors, there's a lot of outdoors closer than the Adirondack Park. Drive 30 minutes in any direction from Colonie and you're in nature.
&gt; maybe Ballston Spa or Scotia/Glenville area, as taxes are low and you can get to and from work without having to cross the twin bridges. Did the roadwork they did around the bridge between Schenectady and Rexford fix the issues? I saw they added a circle on one side and widened on the other. Like 10 years ago I used to drive in the opposite direction (so north in the morning, south in the afternoon) across that bridge and the traffic south in the morning and north in the afternoon was awful. North in the afternoon would often back up all the way to River Road. If it hasn't gotten better I would never advise anyone do that. There's just so few places to cross the river.
Vera is amazing. She's been a near-permanent addition to my team ever since I got her.
If Clemens's career ended the day he left Boston he'd deserve to be in the Hall. At that point he had 3 Cy Youngs and an MVP.
I don't disagree with anything you say, but I think there's room in the Hall for people who don't necessarily deserve to make it on the first ballot. Using Koufax as the measuring stick for a pitcher with a short career is a really difficult standard. Clemens played 13 seasons in Boston, with an elite 7-year peak where he threw 228+ innings ever year and had an ERA over 3 once (pitching back then was easier, but an ERA under 3 was still considered great). He won a bunch of awards and he was recognized as the best pitcher in baseball over that peak. And he didn't even win the Cy Young the year he had a 211 ERA+ because freaking Bob Welch won 27 games. Time travel back to 1992 and tell someone that Roger Clemens doesn't deserve to be in the Hall of Fame and they'd call you crazy.
Yeah, I'm a Boston fan that regularly derided Jeter during his career and I laugh every time anytime refers to Jeter as something like "a good player on great teams." Jeter was a great player and that shouldn't be negotiable. The debate should be whether he was a great player on the level of Craig Biggio or on the level of Cal Ripken Jr. And he belongs much closer to Biggio than Ripken.
Ultimately, all that matters to me is whether each part is worth it. If part 1 gives me similar enjoyment to any other $60 game then I won't mind that it doesn't finish the story of FF7. I already know the story. If it comes out in 4 parts and each part is worth $60 then I'll be very happy to pay $60 for each part. In the end I don't see how it is any different from buying 4 Uncharted games.
If they do an open world then I expect a pretty big gap between parts 1 and 2. The world map is a pretty big part of the game that Midgard doesn't include.
4 of your 5 "only on Funimation" shows are on Hulu.
"Basic car maintenance" is calling AAA and/or bringing your car to a mechanic. Of those things you listed, the only thing my wife has maybe ever done is change her wiper blades (Auto parts stores will install them for you). I haven't had to change a tire in well over a decade because cars now have sensors that tell you when you have a leak, so it never gets that far anymore (my wife had a flat once and called AAA). Fuses? LOL, no. I'd wager that 90% of drivers don't know where their fuses are. If someone needs to send an email for work then that should be part of training, if necessary. And I've never once encountered that, personally. But figuring things out and installing things, that's for IT.
The problem is that *right now* being a unanimous Hall of Famer is incredibly rare and, thus, prestigious. If you could tell me that Adrian Beltre, who unquestionably deserves the Hall of Fame, would also be unanimous in his first year then I'll sign up for Jeter being unanimous. But my instincts tell me that a few guys will find stupid reasons to not vote for Beltre, in which case I'm a fan of a few stupid non-votes for Jeter.
This statement isn't really true, because there are players that we can reasonably disagree about. Jim Rice is an example. I don't fault anyone who thought Jim Rice wasn't worthy and therefore left him off the ballot. Heck, even among first-balloters there can be disagreement. His case was a bit abnormal due to his death but I personally wouldn't have voted for Kirby Puckett at the time.
Unless your teacher has only been teaching for1 year I guarantee you they've seen much weirder stuff. This was a big deal to you because it happened to you and, in that moment you were hyper aware of your teacher's reaction to the point that you may have seen something that wasn't even there. At most, your teacher will mention to a co-worker or partner "one of my students was crying while watching a cartoon today." And that's about it. By next week the teacher will have forgotten about it.
My wife manages developers. I work as an analyst in a development environment. I've seen all kinds of project complications, from legislation being passed to the lead developer unexpectedly dying in the middle of a project. In my experience crunch happens when managers are on an unrealistic timeline and/or aren't willing to solve problems with money.
No thanks. Dusty is a dinosaur that the game has left behind.
As a DM I try to change as little as possible, and when I do I tell the players well in advance, because the rules provide the entire structure of the game. As players we aren't actually interacting with the world, so we need to be able to fall back on the structure. For instance, I don't need to observe the sun rise and fall if the rules tell me that it rises in the morning and falls in the evening. Or more relevant to adventuring, I don't need to observe whether or not the *Scorching Ray* that flew past me started a fire if I know the rules state that it doesn't. The more things the DM changes, unexplained, the less stable the experience is for the players. I've played in these games where you're going along your business and suddenly something completely unexpected happens because the DM said so, with no way for you to ever have accounted for it. And that's unsettling for me and, frankly, just not fun. And any DM who says "because I say so" as a way to win an argument is a big red flag to me. If I ever have to use my position as the DM its to explain things to my players, not to shut them up. I'm either telling them how it is and asking them to trust me because I'm the DM (I can't explain it without giving something away) or I'm making a decision because my position as the DM requires me to but I'll be happy to discuss it later. Anyway, you, me, and anyone reading this thread knows that this is a bad DM and a bad game. The only question is whether you're willing to put up with it. Me personally, I'd rather not play at all then to play in a bad game but that's your own decision to make. But if you quit the game I advise you to not re-litigate the past - nothing good will come from telling this person they're a bad DM. Just thank them for the game but say that you aren't going to play anymore since you aren't enjoying yourself. The last part of the statement makes the point that it is a shitty game without the drama of directly saying it.
than they can say "fudging" or "having sex with." censoring oneself saying a swear makes zero sense. either say it or don't.
that's probably a bottle deposit. the beverage appears on one line and the bottle deposit is below it as a separate purchase.
The little sister sexualization bothered me but I initially tried to go on because the show is so well-regarded. Then in the second episode the MC magically forces a girl to fall in love with him and I was out. So I don't know if it eventually got better but the next episode did get worse.
It's 2020. Hillary has nothing to do with this. Let her go.
I would happily give up my 401k gains for fewer dead immigrants. But that's me, I'm just a crazy person that values life over money. And my 401k was doing better under Obama.
Jeter always had poor range, even early in his career. Part of that was his positioning, which was terrible from the get-go but he actually improved on late in his career. He played too shallow and too far into the hole, and therefore allowed a lot of singles up the middle that other shortstops would get to.
But you can't tell the story of the NFL without them. So now we're fine-tuning the wording to include Eli but exclude others? As for legends, Nick Foles leading the Eagles to their first championship as a backup is a pretty good legend but that doesn't mean he deserves to be in the Hall of Fame.
The Aaron Rodgers we saw in 2019 can play three more years if he wants to, especially if the run game keeps it up. All he's ever said is that he wants to keep playing, and the Packers will not force him out. The fact that a much worse player (Eli) was toast at the same age isn't really relevant. Anyway, the point of my last post wasn't too debate Eli's case. It was to point out that his top-10 status in those career stats is temporary and might not survive 5 years.
Well no, because it would be his third title. You can win one or two by accident but once you're a 3-time champion you're legit.
then teams need to adapt and either 1) figure out in the bullpen if a pitcher doesn't have it that night, or 2) place a greater value on relievers who are more consistent and have fewer nights where they're ineffective.
it sounds like a competitive advantage could be gained by the team that figures out a way to tell in the bullpen if a reliever has zero stuff that day.
While what you say is reasonable, with all of the faux-machismo that permeates baseball I can't imagine a pitcher actually doing that. They have egos and always think that they're just one pitch away from success - think of how often we see a pitcher who clearly has nothing left argue with his manager to leave him in. I also imagine that coaches and teammates would rather see a guy go out there and fail like a warrior than shy away from a game like a pansy.
My parents worked hard and saved money to limit the loans I had to take out. I then paid my loans off early, ahead of schedule. I do not see helping others, with help that I was privileged to not require, as a slap in my face nor that of my parents. The fact I don't have any student loans right now is a side-effect of the fact I'm doing well at life. Anything that can help pick up others so that they're doing well alongside me is a good thing.
all we have to do is remove the wage cap and SS is indefinitely solvent. that seems a lot simpler and more painless than cutting benefits. and in 2020, where the wage cap currently sits (well above a point that most workers make), the wage cap makes zero sense.
It's fine, but most guns in Helldivers are fine. But it isn't good, and it definitely falls behind better guns like the Scorcher and Justice. When the Trident was released I used it for like two weeks before I realized that it just wasn't very good. Everyone was using it for the first few weeks (most used it for like 6 months after it was released) and it was noticable that my teams were suddenly struggling much more than before. Infantry like Butchers were a big problem, as the Trident just couldn't take them down very quickly compared to guns like the Breaker and Justice. I started using the Paragon a lot since it could slow infantry and buy my allies and their Tridents time to slowly plink away at them. It was weak then and it was even nerfed since, a nerf that was greatly needed in that it made the Trident much less lethal to allies (many 1-shot kills were converted into simply downing a fellow diver). But the nerf made an already mediocre gun even worse against aliens. Part of getting better at the game is realizing that the Trident just isn't very good. It is the ultimate generalist weapon, in a game where that provides almost no value because you have all necessary information (alien race, level of planet, what strategems you're bringing, etc) going in. If I was forced to play with a random loadout against a random race it would be my #2 choice (after the Sickle) but that isn't how the game is played.
I know you're good, I played with you back in the day. And we've had this conversation before so I know that you have a very broad definition of "good" weapons in Helldivers, calling anything usable good. I know you also like playing solo, where the Trident shines, but I personally think Helldivers is a bad solo game. And since it is designed through-and-through as a multiplayer game I don't consider solo when discussing it, the same way I don't consider how a boardgame plays solo when discussing them. I kill more slowly using the Trident than with better guns. My allies kill more slowly with it than with better guns. That makes it a "not good" in my mind, while still being perfectly playable.
I personally use Kassandra a lot. When used on a team that boosts her critical hit chance (Vera and/or Ramirez as commander, Kailani in her row) her passive becomes a reliable source of healing and mana for the whole team. And while I generally prefer a specialized special skill, hers is a good team heal and a nice single-target damage (good but not great at both) in one, without ending the turn. She never clears the board for me in one attack, and she isn't a superboss killer, but she's a valuable part of my team that keeps other heroes alive and keeps their mana up. And she's really good at staying alive.
I love french fries but I don't like undercooked, unseasoned french fries. I can eat undercooked, unseasoned french fries but I don't know why I'd ever settle for them when I can have good french fries. And no one ever asks me why I don't want to to eat undercooked, unseasoned french fries. To me, macro brews are the undercooked, unseasoned french fries of the beer world. They're drinkable but I frankly don't think they taste good. And since I drink beer for the flavor there's no reason for me to drink them. &gt; but sometimes I just want a regular beer If by "regular" you mean Bud Light and it's ilk then no, I can say I never just want one of those.
why didn't you quote the entire sentence? it's pretty disingenuous to cut a thought in half, quote it, and then attack. &gt; Have you ever made mistakes? i've never done anything even 1/10th as bad as rape anyone. and when i have made mistakes i've owned up to them and accepted consequences.
He put out a very carefully worded statement that didn't really admit to anything (he insisted he though it was consentual, so all did was admit that she clearly didn't), and then the moment that was over he went back to denying that he did anything wrong. I wouldn't call that owning up to anything. He's been quoted referring to "the truth" about "the Colorado situation." That isn't someone taking ownership of it. And consequences for raping someone is jail time. The monetary"consequences" were nothing for him. His marital consequences were for cheating on his wife, not rape, and those went away pretty quickly when he bought her a $4 million ring. If my wife raped someone I'd be gone tomorrow because **it's fucking rape** and I couldn't imagine sharing a bed with someone who could do that. Call me crazy but a couple years of negative press, which he and Nike turned into a persona (Mamba) that ultimately only made him more loved, isn't sufficient consequences for grabbing a woman by the neck and forcibly raping her while she tries to fight him off and pleads with him to stop.
The problem with this is that, with the rookie wage scale and ballooning quarterback salaries, it might be easier to win a championship early than it is late. And the kind of drafting that leads to great, young teams is mostly happenstance and not a repeatable skill. 5-10 years from now Mahomes will use up a lot more of the cap, he will likely be surrounded by fewer good, young players, and he could have a worse coach (I assume Reid will still be coaching in KC for another 10 years but things can change fast). Counting on championship-level success to continue just isn't reasonable. The Patriots are the exception. Every other team has windows, even teams like the Steelers that are consistently good only have windows of greatness. And if a great, young team blows an opportunity during a window, like Seattle in 2014, it can leave them as just another team with one title.
Thank you for summarising the problem so succinctly in one post. A famous man raped a woman. There was evience of forced sex. Yet the man served no jail time because enough people were so angry that the victim dared to acuse a famous man that they were able to silence the woman via harassment. Congratulations, the world is less safe for women because of people like you. You should be so proud. &gt; The woman was a walking contradiction with a paper-thin defense This is a blatant lie. Oh wait, we call that a "false claim" now.
Now you're just victim-blaming. I see people shot by the Trident because they run in the way sometimes. I see people shot because the Trident user immediately fires at a new enemy without concern for allies A LOT. It especially happens when the team is moving between objectives, the Trident diver sees a patrol and immediately stops to fire (even though you always have a couple seconds before the alarm goes off) without any concern for where anyone is, including themselves. It's ultimately a bad player problem, but bad players are much more dangerous to their allies when their gun hits 1/4 of the screen.
I think that the "trap option" is a pretty big problem in such a skill-based game. There's a large contingent of the playerbase that has been indirectly pushed towards one weapon, since that weapon is hands-down the best when they start playing and that weapon prevents them from learning a skill (precision) necessary for other weapons. I can neither blame them for using the Trident early on, nor can I blame them for being bad with other weapons. It isn't fair to them because, ultimately, it isn't a very good gun and these players could be much better if they learned to use other guns well. And it isn't fair to other players because the gun just happens to be top-3 most dangerous to allies and, frankly, it's boring when everyone uses the same gun. I guess if it was just an option that'd be one thing, but I feel like it doesn't feel like an option for many. It's mandatory for those players because without it they'd suck.
Yeah, I got the idea that you were just presenting the argument by the fact you made no attempt argue it.
Oh yeah, I agree with you on that part. Making divers learn to play before getting it would be much better And I'd have no problem with a lower heat sink or something along that line. I just don't want to go back to immediately dying any time an ally hits me with the thing.
FYI, it isn't really that hard to avoid the mind control with a little practice. Illusionists shoot a slow moving mind control ball that can be easily dodged if you aren't too close and is destroyed by being shot. Council Members tend to do their large circular mind control early and then have a long cooldown on it, so as long as you avoid the initial attack (when you see a Council Member pop up, move away from it immediately) they aren't that hard. Certain strategems also make them much easier. The SH-20 is obvious, but one I don't see used a lot against Illuminates is the Commando. The rockets will track to the largest enemy and go over walls, making it ideal for killing those two units. Two rockets kills an Illusionist (one to remove the shield, one to kill it) and three are needed for Council Members.
No it isn't unique to the Trident, but I was responding to you and you said that people being shot by the Trident were at fault for getting in the way of Trident divers. I was making the point that I see Trident divers fire while moving, with no concern for where their allies are, a lot more often than I see people move into the zone of a Trident user. And while the same phenomenon happens with other weapons, it isn't nearly as deadly with other weapons because they hit a much smaller area. Yes I'll die immediately if that's done with the Breaker, but it has a smaller cone. There's also a bunch of the weapons that won't immediately kill you even if they do hit you.
Lack of a true superstar is Boston's biggest weakness. In the playoffs the benches become shorter, the defense gets better, and players need to win more individual matchups. Boston doesn't have a guy like Embiid or Giannis that can force opposing defenses to adjust to them, or can just consistently get buckets by being better than the other guy.
Because standards needs to exist. Otherwise myself and a thousand other idiots should be on the debate stage and if you say otherwise you're suppressing us! These standards have been applied evenly for many debates already. Bloomberg could attempt to meet the standards like everyone else. Instead they're changing the rules for him after others have already dropped out in part because of their inability to meet the standards and get on the debate stage.
It's a toy. Look at the picture. It's cheaply constructed and has a freaking orange tip. I own a couple airsoft guns that could be referred to as replicas. They look a lot better and more real than the toy pictured in the article. And those are still toys. You think the toy looked real? Great. Then we have words to say that. There's no reason to misuse the word replica here except to misinform.
**Hellfire Incendiary Bombs** - these are my favorite red strategem and the most misused one in the game. while it has uses defensively, it is a red (offensive) strat for a reason. DO NOT use them when nothing is on the screen to deny an area. wait for an alarm to go off and drop Incendiary Bombs right on the spot where the alarm sounded. it will do damage to the units that spawn in AND serve as area-denial at a crucial time. **Vindicator** - their strength is their speed. they're the quickest strat to call in (right right right) and only have a .5 second call-in time. i also like how they are confined to a circle. you don't have to worry as much about allies as you have to with red strats that hit a line. and that circle is big enough to hit a group of enemies while being small enough to throw safely among allies. my most common use for them, heavy infantry, actually doesn't even make use of their AT property. i love dropping them on groups of Broods, Butchers, and Tripods. but the At is there if I need it, like for Impalers and Warlords. they're also *really* good for disabling, but not destroying, IFVs. and considering destroyed IFVs are often immediately replaced by a new one, and disabled IFVs can be neutered just by standing near them, it's often better to disable them. the limit of 15 was never a problem for me until level 13+ difficulty missions were introduced - they just don't kill enough per use. but that's fine, those missions were created with Rumblers and Thunderers in mind, not Vindicators. i still use them a lot in level 12- missions. **Railcannon Strike** - their strength is in guaranteed kills and never causing accidentals. you don't have to worry about an IFV slowly rolling away, and you don't have to worry about allies getting caught up in a blast. also, the cooldown is really short. the biggest weakness is the delay for the call-in and then for it to fire after the red line appears. allies who suffer from ADD will often blow up your target first, leading to a wasted use. for this reason i often use them as a back-up option for when my allies are out of AT options. **Missile Barrage** - this is perfect for when you want more firepower than an Airstrike provides, but less than a Shredder. before level 13+ planets were introduced i never used it because there was no need for an option between the two since the Airstrike was always enough. i now really like Missile Barrage, since it hits a much larger, circular area as opposed to Airstrike just hitting a line. Warlords tend to fan out and a Missile Barrage will take out a bunch of them. compared to a Shredder, it has a shorter cooldown time and it is less likely to kill allies, in exchange for hitting a smaller area. i typically use it when the shit has hit the fan, and that's exactly the scenario where allies miss the fact that a Shredder is coming in. a Shredder is more effective but much more disruptive. **Airstrike** - this is just an amazing all-around strategem, owing to the buff when AT capability was added. it hits a line and it hits it hard, killing anything in that line. the cooldown is short for how much damage it does. it's great for tank armor, but it is also great for Broods and Butchers. the only negatives are the longish call-in time and the smallish area, but anything that hits harder has a longer call-in and longer cooldown. **Sledge Precision Artillery** - It does what it does, tracking large enemies, very well. But the cooldown sucks, the area it hits is pretty small, and the tracking is just not that important to good players. There's also no warning as to where it will hit, making it deadlier to allies than is appreciated (Railcannon has a red line before it hits, Sledge has nothing). it is absurdly good at killing off-screen Impalers. there have been missions where I bring it just for that usage. on the flipside, it doesn't always kill IFVs. if I'm going to bring something with that long of a cooldown against Cyborgs it needs to be a guaranteed kill against IFVs. i just realized that Sledge Precision Artillery really needs a Railcannon strike added to it to make it useful. then you'd get a short warning and it would always kill IFVs. **Close Air Support** - i think this is the most overrated red strategem. it is difficult to use among allies, with both the strafing effect and the seeking missiles at the end to be wary of. and the missiles just don't seem to do a lot of damage. **Thunderer Barrage** - i used to think this strategem was needless overkill, with the successive volleys after the first more likely to kill allies than aliens. you just didn't need to hit one spot hard like that over and over. then level 13+ planets were introduced and it definitely has a place. i personally don't use it much due to the long cooldown but i no longer roll my eyes when someone else brings it. eh, i'm tired. i know i didn't get to a few. whatever, that means i don't have a strong opinion about them. well, except for the Shredder. i love Shredders.
the fumble wasn't his fault. a guy came unblocked and at that point in the game he still needed to make plays. but the sack after the Julio catch cannot be allowed to happen. there's no need to make a play there - kick a FG and the game is over. Ryan has to know that and he has to get rid of that ball. he saw the pressure and tried to run away, meaning that he had time to throw it away. of course, a lot of the blame goes to Shanahan. if you're going to call a pass play there you have to leave a RB or TE back to block so that the QB has a guy nearby whose feet he can throw it at.
that game came down to dozens of individual plays that, if you change that play, ATL wins. Freeman missing that block is one of them, but so is Ryan taking a terrible sack after the Julio catch. i don't think it is reasonable to focus on any one play when they still would have won if not for many other plays.
over is over. i personally don't think it really matters if Freeman picks up Hightower there and they score a TD, or if Atlanta stopped the last 2-point attempt and they win 28-26. but yes, if they get a TD there the game would have been super duper over. but not because NE would have demoralized, but because it would have been 35-12 halfway through the 4th. NE wasn't demoralized at 28-3.
&gt; I don't understand this whole NeverTrumpNeverBiden movement it's pretty easy to understand. many people simply are not gong to vote for Trump, so the best thing for Trump is to convince those people to not vote, or to throw their vote away on a fringe candidate.
that's good to know, thanks.
assume they are being paid by the GOP and it makes a lot more sense. assume that they're an agent of a foreign power that wants to see the US weakened and it makes more sense.
when that episode aired i got the sense that Kyo knew her and he was holding back. i don't remember the details, but i'm confident that it is there.
yes. excessive force is, by definition, excessive and unnecessary. it should never be ok for police to use excessive force. beyond that, if the reason for the protests/riots is a long history of excessive force, particularly against people of color, responding with excessive force can be seen as a giant middle finger to the protesters. imagine if a person got angry at their spouse for hitting them, and the spouse's response was to hit them. we're essentially in an abusive relationship with our police forces.
i see two main problems with your scenario: 1) the information in the Monty Hall problem is set and known in advance (to the show, not to the contestant). the grand prize is behind one of the doors at the beginning. in your race scenario, the winner is not set and not known beforehand. 2) the Monty Hall problem works because information is added when the door is opened. the show knows where the grand prize is and the show chooses which door to open, and deductions can be made from that due to the rule that they will not open the door with the grand prize behind it. in your race problem, no information is added when the runner is eaten, and that makes sense since at that point no concrete information is known.
what's wrong with New York? i lived in NoVa out of college before moving to Albany NY, and Nova was much more conservative than we are here. things get rural outside of the cities, but it isn't as bad as how rural VA gets outside of the cities. it's just weird to see a state that just turned blue in the last few years (and could go back) throwing shade at a liberal stalwart. when i lived in Fairfax just 10 years ago every other road was named after a Confederate leader (i heard that many have been renamed since). don't you guys still have Confederate statues? oh, and we didn't require the Supreme Court to legalize same-sex marriage.
then either you're blind or lying. the crowd was visible from far away, per the video. he went past cars facing the wrong way and bicyclists on the interstate. he had to go around two cars just before he got to the crowd. anyone who wasn't intent on driving into a crowd would have stopped long before getting to that point. you know, like all of the cars in the video.
Whether the information is known is a yes/no situation. In the Monty Hall problem the information is known to the show, no question about it. In the hypothetical race it is not. The stronger runner can make a mistake, get a cramp, or a lesser runner can exceed expectations. And the reason why that is important is that, in the Monty Hall problem, this known information directly influences which door is opened. The information revealed when door #2 is opened is not simply "the prize is not behind door #2." It tells us that, if the prize started behind either door #2 or door #3, then the one left unrevealed has the prize behind it. In the race no such deduction can be made. The only information added by the bear is that the runner who was eaten cannot win. No deductions can be made because no choice was made as to which runner was eliminated. It was random. In order for the race example to work the bear would need to know definitely who was going to win from the start, would need to choose who to eat, and there'd need to be a rule that the bear would not eat the person determined to win from the start.
Well no, most people didn't come out and say that they hated her because she was a woman. But she was held to a different standard than other Reddit CEOs, and the hate for her was more vitriolic than it was for other Reddit CEOs. When flawed women are held to harsher standards than flawed men, that's mysogyny. Where's the witchhunt for Spez, who is likely an alt-righter?
so what if someone really likes the concept of Reddit but hates the alt-right side of it. where would this hypothetical person go if they wanted one site with sub-communities for all of their interests?
and he gave credit to someone else. that's an immediate sign that Trump didn't write it.
the guy (Beck?) called black people thugs. that's worthy of being fired right there. for any white person who doesn't know, calling black people thugs has been used by white people in a racist manner SO MUCH that it is now inherently racist to do so. i don't care what the person is doing, you just can't call a black person a thug. it's probably safer to just drop the word from your vocabulary altogether - it isn't hard , and you don't need it. this host knows that. he's just trying to be edgy by crossing the line. and if his co-host didn't go so overwhelmingly racist during a very sensitive time and draw attention to them then he likely would have gotten away with it.
it is there. it is in a tweet within the article. https://www.youtube.com/embed/_DKqo9XxHHk?autoplay=1&amp;auto_play=true
you got my looking, and i found [this](https://gothamist.com/news/court-affirms-its-completely-legal-to-swear-loudly-at-police) specifically citing that swearing at police is protected speech in NY, per the highest court in the state. but you're right, apparently in NY language does fall under an absurdly vague and broad Disorderly Conduct law - https://www.nysenate.gov/legislation/laws/PEN/240.20 . i was mistaken and thought i had the legal right to swear in public.
It's amusing that the people of color they interviewed were from Brattleboro, a city in VT about 30 minutes away. Keene is *very* white, like all of Western NH. My high school graduating class of 120 or so kids had one person of color. That said, it's still great to see this. My biggest takeaway from the Ferguson fallout was that nothing will change until white people get involved (because people of color lack power in our system, but also just because of numbers), and seeing protests in a very white area drives home the fact that this time is different from the last time.
but Kaep didn't kick puppies. he kicked a rock and people decided that the rock represented puppies. he then told us explicitly that it was a rock, and the rock did not represent puppies. and years later people are still upset at him for kicking puppies.
In this analogy, "puppies" is the military. Never once did Kaep say anything about the military. When he got grief for sitting out the anthem he specifically sought out the opinion of someone in the military as to the best way to continue his protest (participate in the anthem, but kneel). Anyone who brings the military into the discussion is misrepresenting the protest.
Eh, I started in season 2 and followed it just fine. I then went back and watched season 1. I think a much bigger issue was that the quality started going down, fast, in season 3. So for two seasons people were out there telling everyone how great the show was, and then people tried watching an episode in season 3 or 4 and it just wasn't that good.
The only people rating Attack on Titan season 3 on IMDB are the super fans. I expect the super fans to continue giving every episode a 10/10.
tons of people argue both sides about whether vaccines cause autism, but that doesn't mean it's a legitimate debate. all you really need to know about the Kaepernick situation is that the league scheduled a workout for teams to see him and used that to try to force him to sign something releasing the league of all legal liability for blackballing him. when he refused, and offered to sign a standard workout waiver, the league cancelled the workout.
that actually makes them more likely to be racist. groups that are bullied are often terrible bullies to those below them. it's a viscious cycle. Boston's racism problem is closely tied to how big the Irish population is. The Irish were treated terribly by other white European groups and as such treated blacks terribly.
FYI, what /u/Theorymeltfool1 is referring to is a phenomenon where adding and removing entertainment options doesn't have an impact on how much money is spent. this is often brought up when discussing sports teams in the US, as teams demand money from municipalities because of all of the extra spending that they claim they'll bring to the area. but the data tells us that new money isn't spent on the team, that it just shifts from a different form of entertainment. essentially, people have a certain amount of money they'll spend on entertainment and they spent it on whatever their options are. of course, this assumes a normal situation where things are open and options exist. i don't know that it applies to our current situation.
i just thank God that *The Larry Sanders Show* was exempt from this. that would have been super awkward. and don't forget the *Real Sex* series. that was the real MVP of HBO's original programming. So. Many. Boobs.
Hurricane Maria refugees and convicted felons are two large groups that are eligible to vote in Florida in 2020 that weren't eligible in 2016. Trump directly fucked over the former, and Republicans have been attacking the latter. A lot of effort and money should go towards getting those groups registered and to the polls on 11/3.
please, let's not celebrate Kobe adopting a bad attitude in response to the world discovering that he was a rapist.
And the game told us something else. What happened in the game doesn't make sense of they don't change much going forward.
every city in this country is one incident away. remove that one old guy and someone in Buffalo could trick themselves into thinking that their city was doing well.
that's definitely it. Boggs actually has 4 seasons, with exactly 200 hits 1987.
FYI, Boggs has 4 seasons - '86, '87, '88, and '89. In '87 he had exactly 200 hits, so combined with the Ruth example I'm pretty sure you did &gt; 200 hits instead of including 200.
your DM is wrong. he's focusing on one half of a sentence while ignoring the other: &gt; When making a full-attack action with a bow, your first attack fires two arrows the first part, "When making a full-attack action with your bow," tells you when it applies. it applies every time you make a full-attack action with your bow, which can be once per round. then the second part applies - "your first attack (from that full-attack action) fires two arrows." 1E Pathfinder has been out for over a decade. if your DM was right this would have been figured out by now. if there's a consensus 11 years in that you can use Manyshot every round, then you can use Manyshot every round. even if your DM disagrees he should be able to trust 11 years of community opinion over his own.
i think it's simpler: TLDR - "If I don't get my way the world should burn"
Do her nipples move when she wears a bra? because that left nipple should be completely visible in the other picture if it doesn't move around on her boob.
Florida disagrees.
this article went out of its way to make this guy's pro-gun argument for him. i feel like that courtesy isn't afforded to most criminals.
your criticism would be relevant is this was delivered with a claim to being comprehensive, or if Sheehan was saying that we're going to move on now that the issue is resolved. this is a step, and a good one at that. there's no reason to criticize a step just because you didn't get all the way up the stairs in one step.
i remember not really getting into Angelic Layer way back then but my wife loved it, and she wants me to love it so we're going to watch it again soon. and i just remembered another that i'm adding to my original list - Chobits
I totally get your part about somewhere being too big. My wife and I went to school in this area, moved to DC for work, and then moved back here in part because DC was just too big for us. I loved being able to wake up on a Saturday and decide that I wanted to go to a museum or baseball game that day, but daily life was a grind. Also, in two years there we barely made any connections and those that we did seemed more transactional. We found it much easier to make friends in this area (though the timing of the boardgame revolution helped). As for jobs, you're going to have to wait and see how things play out because right now it looks like the job market is going to suck for a while here. So much in this area is driven by state government and the state is really hurting financially due to Covid-19. Right now no positions are being filled (my wife's department is trying to fill a 100% federally funded position and can't get it approved) and the general consensus is that layoffs and early retirements are coming. No one knows how this will shake out and what things will look like in a couple years, though. And for the cold, I handle it with layers. Get some long underwear pants - thin for daily use, thicker if you know you're going to be outside for a while. I have no clue why so few people wear two layers on their legs. Get some warm socks and double-up if necessary. And always have something to cover your ears - a couple years ago my wife bought like 10 of those bands you wear around your head that cover your ears and put one in every coat we had. They're smaller in a pocket than a hat and are much better than nothing.
between age of consent being 16 in most states and Romeo and Juliet laws, that actually isn't a very good example.
his full name is Hall of Famer Dino Radja
&gt; demon slayer i disagree. i thought season 1 basically had two female characters, one of whom was just the MC's puppy while the other was a generic healer (because girls heal while boys fight). the character designs of the female characters are great but i thought the quality of the female characters was purely skin deep.
was this on normal difficulty? because i thought everything leading up to Sephiroth was too easy, and then I thought Sephiroth was fairly easy but required discipline. you might just not be very good at the game. as for the damage in he last chapter, block. once i got a mastered Steadfast Block on everyone and a 3 star HP Plus, incoming damage wasn't much of a concern.
i actually struggled a bit early but at a certain point i figured out that i needed to be blocking more. once i embraced blocking (there's a reason why AI-controlled characters block 90% of the time) the game got much easier. and i think this is a result of bad game design. early on basic attacks are very useful, doing fine damage and increasing ATB when your only other option is to block and be *really* patient. but as the game goes on the damage of basic attacks becomes less effective, you gain other ways to increase ATB gain, and the increased damage taken isn't as easily healed by potions. so at a certain point blocking becomes more effective, versus basic attacks, especially when using Steadfast Block. i found myself gaining ATB from blocking more quickly and the damage reduction was huge (attacks that would do 2000 damage would do like 300 if i was blocking). but the game never told me this and i had to figure it out for myself, and on top of that it required more patience. and i never really had a problem with unavoidable damage because most of it could still be greatly reduced by blocking. you know what really messed me up? enemies that would grab a character that was blocking. my wife started at normal difficulty and lowered hers to easy because she didn't want to make this transition in gameplay. she wanted to keep playing it like Kingdom Hearts and just keep attacking, and FF7R heavily punishes that style.
if the GOP turned on Trump a Democratic supermajority in the Senate might be in play. with Trump there is zero chance that happens.
it's almost like handing the most stressful job in the world to an old person with mental problems was a bad idea.
you're confusing confidence with complacency. that's your problem, not deepen915's. two years ago i felt confident saying that Trump was going to lose in 2020, just based off of 1) the fact he had done nothing to bring in new voters and 2) he won in 2016 because of Democratic apathy, a phenomenon that isn't going to repeat in 2020. since that time he's gone so far as to even lose some of his former supporters. he has no chance in 2020, and a big part of that is lack of complacency and apathy. even though i don't think it's going to be close i am motivated to vote and run up the score. we want to see him crushed and we want to be able to say that we helped remove him from office. voting against Trump will be a communal point of pride for decades to come.
being put in a situation where a mistake can kill you is an occupational hazard. as someone who works behind a desk, very few mistakes i make at work can kill me (i guess eating the copier toner?). the situation within which a machinist or a driver operates in is inherently dangerous, moreso than an office worker or even a police officer.
how many anime protagonists can you think of that aren't good looking? that's just the standard. if you discount female MCs because they're cute without discounting male MCs for all being good looking, that's a double-standard. Heck, in Villainess she's the least attractive one in her own show. as for generic, is your standard battle shonen? if so then anyone who looks remotely normal is "generic." as for plot, there's more to shows than plot. these shows all have unique concepts and good characters, which i think is pretty common. the plots of Love is War and Mob Psycho are standard school and battle shonen, respectively, but both shine by taking interesting characters and inserting them into great concepts.
she earned an OP attack in the first episode. from the very beginning she was OP, which is kind of the whole point. the whole show is about a cute, naive girl breaking a game through a combination of naivete, creativity, and dumb luck, and being so likable in the process that she's allowed to. people love to complain about Bofuri going away from total defense, and i doubt whether they watched the show at all. total defense was the initial concept that set the show in motion, and that's it. it's no different from *The Promised Neverland* having a world-changing reveal at the end of episode 1. did you complain about that show deciding to abandon it's initial premise?
There's no scenario where California cancels its election. In the worst-case scenario California would do an election entirely by mail.
John Wick
maybe she also baked a tiny Ortiz jersey into it.
I went to a wedding in Mississippi once (Hattiesburg) and at one point my wife said to me something like "take it in, this will likely be the only time in your life you ever go to Mississippi." That was a decade ago and I'm starting to think she was right.
if anyone hasn't tried it, melba sauce with chicken tenders is delicious. you don't find it listed as an option as often as with mozz sticks, but any place that has melba will give it to you with tenders if you ask. and looking at Syracuse on the map, Dinosaur BBQ isn't a kind of food. it's a chain of mediocre BBQ.
thank you. my wife and i have a pandemic tradition we've done for a few months now where every friday night we drink and watch a bad blockbuster movie that we haven't seen, because we don't typically seek out bad movies. tonight is my choice and i hadn't figured out what we were watching yet. The Dark Knight Rises is perfect!
as testing increases, the percentage of positive tests is going to go down. early on the only people being tested were people who were already sick or people who definitely came in contact with someone who was sick. there's a flaw in looking at total cases due to the lack of testing early on, but looking at percentage positive is equally flawed for the same reason.
it's really sad when normal people sitting at home know more than people who write about this stuff. HBO was happy with their two versions. then their parent company, Warner Brothers, came along and decided to use the HBO name for their streaming service. HBO didn't want them to but ultimately was powerless to stop them, and that's how HBO Max was born. and HBO Max makes the original two HBO streaming services redundant so HBO is figuring out WTF to o with them.
ok, but let's suppose that tomorrow it is announced that the NBA season is cancelled. how long will sports media discuss the cancellation? after a week it will be completely played out and we'll be right back to where we are now. the season being cancelled simply won't be discussed for months once it is finalized.
that's how it comes off *to you*. when i saw those pictures i assumed they were people that were getting pissy at the protesters.
KH combined Final Fantasy and Disney to create its own unique aesthetic. And of the bad guys, the Heartless looked more Disney-inspired while the Nobodies looked more inspired by Final Fantasy. And the Whisper Harbinger at the end looked like a Heartless. It may have been a Weapon, and that would make sense lore-wise, but it didn't look like a FF7 weapon. And in a game that got so much right, that stuck out as being wrong.
&gt; What “fascist” movement are you talking about? it hasn't even been a month since the President of the United States tried to deploy the military in his own country, illegally, to put down protests. and the military had to think long and hard about whether to refuse.
I think you have to consider the deal that Rose made with the commissioner's office. If they had proof at that time that Rose threw games they would have had no reason to make a deal. They could have just banned him, confident in their evidence. But just because they didn't have evidence *yet* doesn't mean that there was no evidence, or that they wouldn't have found it if they kept investigating. But they didn't keep investigating because the terms of the deal were that they would stop. The fact that MLB never found evidence of him throwing games really means nothing considering that the investigation was ended prematurely. Sure it's possible that no evidence existed because Rose never purposefully lost, but it is also possible that Rose accepted the deal in part to prevent them from finding more evidence.
Appeared? He was incapable of raising a glass to his mouth with his right hand. There's no need to use wishy-washy language for something that there is clear video evidence of.
and the only reason the season wasn't already over was because of Covid-19. and the Summer Olympics were cancelled because of Covid-19. and it's looking like the baseball season might be cancelled because of Covid-19. meanwhile, BLM will slowly lead to incremental change. no one will ever look back on 2020 as the year that systemic racism was eliminated in the US. heck, we won't even look back on it as the start of the movement. but we will look back on it as the year that Covid-19 killed hundreds of thousands and just generally fucked life up.
and these are only the 98 cities where use of teargas was admitted to. Washington DC isn't on the list and we know it was used there.
check out www.co-optimus.com. it is a great website for co-op information. there's a filter option on the site. select PS4, 4 players, add a filter for combo co-op, and you should be set. here's an example page, with my favorite such game - [Helldivers](https://www.co-optimus.com/game/3099/playstation-vita/helldivers.html). For each game it lists whether it allows "Combo Co-Op," a combination of local and online co-op. That is what you're looking for. I have over 1000 hours in Helldivers so that is easily my favorite. But it is punishingly hard and not everyone's cup of tea. Diablo 3 is another really good one. Castle Crashers was fun a decade ago as an arcade beat-em-up and I'm sure it still plays well. i assume Overcooked 2 is good since i liked the first, but it can end relationships.
you can always just show them this - https://www.governor.ny.gov/sites/governor.ny.gov/files/atoms/files/EO-204.pdf look under **NOW, THEREFORE**.
so i'm going off of memory here, but wasn't he introduced in the Chunin arc with laughably bad animation? i think that, combined with a silly character design, was why i could never take him seriously. he came off as a joke villain to me and as such never came off as the slightest bit scary or intimidating. i guess a lesson here, that should never be necessary, is that if you're going to introduce your major villain you shouldn't have that part animated by your C team.
whether or not Brooks was in the wrong is immaterial to whether or not the cops were in the wrong. let's say a child purposefully breaks something right in front of their parent. they're wrong to do so. that parent would also be wrong to respond by picking up the child and throwing them across the room. lethal force is supposed to be a last resort. a police officer who uses lethal force when unnecessary is wrong regardless what the perp did.
am i missing what's Oniony about this?
dismissing systemic racism as "politics" is the definition of privilege. i would like sports to be free of talk of racism. the way we do that should be via taking action to eliminate systemic racism, not by "separation of politics and baseball."
Because the overall US numbers are greatly influenced by NYC, and when you look at city, county, or state data outside of NY it looks much worse .
the fact that he passed every test for 10+ afterwards probably helps. it also helped that the result was reported like 5 years after the test and we had largely moved on. and for the people who want to believe him, they have a few "outs": the result is still a rumor and was never confirmed, the testing was supposed to be anonymous with no consequences, the positives weren't re-tested to remove false-positives, and some of the substances that triggered a positive on that test aren't considered PEDs by MLB.
So I think Bonds deserves to be in. He was the best player in baseball in the 90s and he would have deserved enshrinement if he retired in '98, before taking any PEDs. That said, saying that Bonds and Ortiz were the same is a bit silly. There is a ton of evidence tying Bonds to PEDs and Balco. A book was written about it. With Ortiz, a NY writer reported on a list that hasn't been corroborated.
considering the P in GOP stands for projection, we now know exactly what they're going to do - they're going to send in a massive amount of counterfeit ballots in select states to create a clusterfuck and then declare that no mail-in ballots should be counted.
the show was slow throughout, but you buy into it. you settle into the pace and convince yourself that it is a strength, that you're following the slow progression of the characters' lives and relationships. and then the last episode abandons all of that. when i knew there was only one episode left i was positive i generally knew how the show was ending, because there wasn't enough time to go a different route. and then it went a different route and it felt out of place with the rest of the show. everything that happened in the last episode should have taken at least 3 episodes to fit in with the rest of the show. as for the content of the ending, it went in a completely reasonable direction. it was a fine ending. the content wasn't the problem, it was 100% a pacing issue.
Rodman's energy, quickness, and BBIQ would play in any era. And he might be an even better rebounder with more space (more players beyond the arc) and fewer big guys to compete with. Marcus Smart had value before he learned to shoot, based only on defense and energy, with a touch of ball-handling. Rodman was a better version of that, where you trade the bit of ball-handling for the greatest rebounding in the history of the game.
man, as someone whose only connection to the community was /r/mylittlepony i never saw anything edgy. either that community was just better or the moderators of that forum put in great work to keep it friendly and welcoming.
i find manga readers tend to be terrible judges of shows. they either liked or disliked the manga based off of much more material, and if they like it they're heavily invested in it and see past every flaw. i've watched so many shows that manga readers gush about and wondered wtf was wrong with them, and many that were heavily complained about that i don't have a problem with. heck, in this thread i've seen people complain about the end of this manga. we aren't ever going to see that animated, so it is completely irrelevant. also, sometimes changes are made for the better in anime. for example, the MC in Rising of the Shield Hero being made to be less of an angry edgelord. if people complain about the manga characters a lot i can see changes being made to them for the anime.
land doesn't vote - people do. and most people in upstate live in Buffalo, Rochester, and the Albany area. in 2010, the US Census Bureau classified 88% of NYS population as urban and 12% as rural - [source](https://labor.ny.gov/nys-data-center/pdf/Urban-and-Rural-Census-Geography.pdf) i'm relatively young and live in a city, so large grain of salt, but i know a lot of upstaters who will gladly vote for AOC for Senate.
congrats on ignoring the first 2/3s of my post, presumably because it didn't suit your purpose to deal with the real meat of what i said. position players require a baseline hitting ability, and there's a balance between their hitting and defense. with pitchers there is no balance, and their hitting ability is an afterthought. THAT is a distinct difference. there's no arguing about degrees there.
you could call global warming and the safety of vaccinations "a difference of opinion, even among experts" if you listen to the wrong experts, despite both of them being issues with blaringly obvious right and wrong. 20 years from now people are going to look back and wonder what the fuck we were thinking when we reopened gyms. &gt; Probably a good reason to stay home if you don't feel comfortable, not a good reason to tell someone they can't feed their family. the people who go to the gym contribute to community spread, which we all suffer for. people who didn't go to the gym will die because others went to the gym. my ability to go out and do things i want to do *safely* is impacted by others spreading the disease. also, if feeding families is your concern then there are many ways to fix that without forcing people to get sick. universal basic income would be a good start. expanding the food stamps program would be another. more stimulus would help. there are more ways than just reopening, and shrugging our shoulders as people die.
&gt; Honestly, I'd rather lineups go to 8 players and skip the pitchers spot entirely than implement the DH i agree. i've been saying for decades that i think the DH should be removed and pitchers shouldn't bat. i think that's the ideal. but that solution doesn't have any momentum, sadly. so we're currently forced to pick between two flawed choices. and i would rather have a player who is atrocious at fielding *and isn't forced to field* versus having a player who is atrocious at batting *and is forced to bat*. the problem is pitchers being incapable of hitting, and the popular solution (the DH) introduces a lesser problem (a player who doesn't have to field). i'd prefer to just eliminate the problem, but if that isn't an option i'll take the lesser problem. &gt; It makes it worse i disagree. i think the DH takes the problem and removes it from visible (pitchers hitting) to less visible (DHs not fielding).
i think you greatly overestimate how many people will starve because gyms are closed.
what's to be offended about? maybe the fact you take offense is the problem here. i don't find pitchers batting offensive, i just think it needlessly makes the sport worse. the DH isn't on the screen while his teammates are on the field. he is easily ignored. it actually takes mental effort to remember his existence in order to get angry about it. the pitcher batting, meanwhile, is forced upon the viewer. the viewer cannot just ignore it, as it directly impacts the game.
"voters" being the most important part of that statement.
yeah, the rich, atheist Democrat from New York represents their culture so well.
it's killed 120k Americans. that forty 9/11s. that's far deadlier than i'm comfortable with. also, realize that it is FAR deadlier than the flu than was previously reported. for some reason people were comparing confirmed Covid-19 deaths to estimated seasonal flu deaths. you know the most confirmed flu deaths in one year, over the last 10 years. it's ~15k. we have 120k Covid-19 deaths *and counting* in a half of a year. and that is with lockdowns, social distancing, masks, and sanitizer. compare that to up to 15k yearly confirmed flu deaths. the difference is huge.
As a Sox fan, i don't care about the hole they dug themselves making the trade necessary. Guys like Mookie come along so rarely, and I think teams should do everything they can to re-sign them. He's exactly the kind of guy that you want to spend his entire career in one uniform. I don't care that he was intent on getting to free agency, I would have made him a Godfather offer this off-season. And then I would have happily let him hit free agency, at which point I would not hesitate to be the highest bidder. Free agent decisions made over the last few years should have been made with the idea of re-signing Mookie. Instead, they tied up Luxury Tax space in guys like Sale and Eovaldi, two deals I hated when they were announced and reeked of paying players for past performance. Now this changes a bit if Boston re-signs him and just used the trade to get below the Luxury Tax for one season. But I don't expect that to happen, and it shouldn't have been necessary. And while it's nice to get real players back for him, you don't get cute when you have a guy like Mookie. You hold onto him as long as you can, pay the man when necessary, and you never regret it.
Of course, but you were discussing grammar mistakes so I thought I was being cheeky to point that out :)
DeBlasio and Cuomo were slow to act, but when NYC was hit we were still a bit in the dark about how bad Covid-19 is. Shutting down NYC didn't really feel like an option early on when we needed to act. Closing down a city just isn't something that any of us have ever experienced or considered a possibility. But since then, NY has taken Covid-19 seriously and is trending in the right direction. Florida, on the other hand, has had the benefit of seeing this play out elsewhere. With much more information, they've chosen to not take it seriously. Florida will likely never have as many cases as NY because NY started in such a terrible spot. But considering the population density in NYC and how early it was hit, the devastation in NYC is at least a bit understandable. What's going on in Florida is complete stupidity.
&gt; Remember this is a guy who suffered a horrible injury and still got drafted in the top three remember that Philadelphia was in the middle of a monumental tank job at the time, and they considered Embiid missing the following season as a positive, not a negative.
holy hell, i never knew how badly i wanted this until now.
For the record, Tom Brady is definitely both quicker and faster than the average human. Part of what you say is also the product of a sport like Rugby League weeding out elite skills in favor of well-rounded skills. Once the elite skills are weeded out, the remaining look better. For example, your average football lineman, so the 290+ lb. guys, are incredibly fast. If they were the only ones on the field we'd be marveling over how fast they are. But because football allows for specialized speed positions like WRs and CBs we call those linemen slow, because compared to the speed guys they are. Well-rounded sports remove the elite outliers, since they elite speed guys aren't strong and skilled enough. So you don't compare the remaining players to them, making everyone else look better.
because a low death rate means a lot less when the number of infections is really high. we're still having over a 9/11 worth of deaths a week. and the number of cases is going up rapidly. i think thousands of Americans dying every week is worth freaking out about.
wins and winning percentage are a really bad way to measure pitchers, having a lot to do with the quality of teams that a pitcher played on. Morris had a career 105 ERA+, meaning his stats were just barely above average. That a guy who was just barely above average could be so successful from a wins perspective is a great argument that wins don't measure pitcher greatness very well. And Morris somehow got into the Hall, which was an absolute joke. You know what words I never once uttered in the 80s? "I don't like our chances tonight, Jack Morris is on the mound." He was about as intimidating as Mike Boddicker.
&gt; But the **semi-final** episode of Oregairu if you're referring to the second-to-last episode, there's a word for that - penultimate.
there was a scene added at the end of the last episode. watch that and you're good. Spoilers, obviously - https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HF-_VtDy8jU
it's all covered in the article. a couple days earlier those same four declared that TMC was fucked. then the Governor called, put pressure on TMC, and suddenly it was all an overreaction and no big deal. oh, and nevermind that TMC is suddenly not reporting on ICU capacity anymore and some other things.
i initially intended to create a post about it naming them, but the manager handled the situation well and i believe in giving them the benefit of the doubt. he was apologetic, did not defend the worker, and didn't try to downplay it. he legitimately sounded upset (people who are faking tend to overcompensate, while mistaking anger for being upset) and assured us he had already talked to all staff present and was going to reiterate it with all staff because clearly it is necessary. he also didn't give us any grief at all about reversing the credit card charge.
yes. the phrase "all lives matter" was created to argue against "black lives matter." it has been widely used to mock and discredit it. it has been proudly used by racists against BLM. no matter how benign it might sound, or how reasonable it might sound if you remove it from context and break it down literally, that isn't the proper way to look at it since that isn't the way it is used. it is used *with* context, and the phrase means more than the literal meaning of the words. and at this point everyone knows this. everyone knows it is a landmine that offends people. there's absolutely no reason to use the phrase *unless the offense and racism is the point*. Mike Pence knows exactly what he's saying when he says "all lives matter." He is trying to please the racists that vote for he and his boss, and he doesn't care who he has to harm to please them.
let's be clear when discussing numbers - the most *confirmed* flu deaths in any year, over the last 10 years, is ~15,000. the CDC then estimates a much larger number each year. but let's deal in confirmed, since those are the only Covid-19 numbers we ever deal with. we are looking at 125,000 confirmed Covid-19 deaths in 4 months. the difference is staggering. we aren't wearing masks because a few more people are dying, we're wearing masks because more than 10x as many people are dying. so yes, the acceptable number of deaths before taking drastic measures falls somewhere between a normal flu season and Covid-19.
NYC is like half the population of the state, and we're talking about the state. the overall state rate of antibodies is really low. antibodies in NYC doesn't explain why Buffalo and Rochester are doing great on Covid-19.
That doesn't say what you purport it to say. The CDC collects confirmed case statistics from across the country. They then use subsets to estimate how many more deaths there were. Your interpretation doesn't even make sense. You think they'd ignore a confirmed death in Montana if it wasn't in one of their subsets? The most confirmed for deaths in the US in one year is ~15k. Yes there are more that went underreported, just like Covid-19 deaths are underreported.
it sounds like you aren't educated on the situation at hand.
i think he's cycling through options to stay in power and moving on when they fail. he knows that his re-election campaign is already tanked. he's already moved on from that. he tried to mobilize the military against US citizens and that failed. right now he appears to be rallying his loyal followers and preparing them for violence.
the thing is, everyone knows he's fucking nuts. this limits his ability to get us into war. no one is launching a nuclear attack just because he ordered it. on a smaller scale, no one is giving an order to attack a Chinese ship just because he ordered it. he's limited to somewhat reasonable attacks. the assassination of the Iranian guy whose name I've long since forgotten is a perfect example. that's the scale of attack that Trump can carry out. but since the leaders of other countries know Trump is fucking nuts, they won't let something like that escalate to war. it doesn't matter if the US is completely in the wrong and they'd be justified to strike back, because they're smart enough to realize that Trump would take out his insecurities on them without any concern for consequences. the only world leaders stupid enough to start a war with a crazy person like Trump are the ones he likes.
oh, definitely. it won't be without consequence. it's just the level of thing that Trump can get away with right now because he's fucking nuts, and it isn't worth retaliating and getting hit with a nuke.
and his button is accessed via a code that is changed every morning, that he is supposed to remember. so whoever holds his hands would have to buy in.
