Well, shit :/ They just opened their Retro page not so long ago, I'll miss them
I hope EA will take this game off from DICE Sweden's hands too. Just look at Battlefield 4. A broken, unoptimized, mess, then EA took it from DICE Sweden and gave it to DICE LA, and it turned out to be THE Battlefield game. It just seems like that DICE's Sweden team is full of arrogant, incompetent people, they have done nothing outstanding other than Frostbite Engine, all their games suffered from the same issues(shitty balancing, lots of bugs, too much time to fix even smaller bugs, bad matchmaking balance, etc.), just look at SW Battlefront 2 or even the previous Battlefront for example.
GOD did the same, both sides went too far
Dont make a WW2 game if you don't want to show WW2 realistically.
Today is the 3rd of December, this is a nearly as badly timed of an April Fools "joke" as Diablo Immortal
No, Ubisoft has never released a new season on a Monday. It's coming tomorrow, on Tuesday at the earliest
Don't we already have them?
Can we just delete Jakku from existence already?
Why is that sub a thing?
EA, please let DICE LA take the game
Great, they can ruin his character too
You need internet for reverification after a certain amount of time, but you dont need internet everytime you want to play
Erickson killed him off in a hurry so AMC won't ruin his character
Uplay ID - JackStillAlive Platform - PC Data center/Region - WEU Type of issue you are having (renown/alpha pack) - Renown
Probably Invitational, since they didnt do it during the Finals
Elite Dangerous and PCars 2 are amazing in VR, I also liked Job Simulator.
Just Cause 4 when?
Stop trying to force ESL rules into Ranked. Pro-League is the clash between the 1%, and the rules are made exactly for them. Ranked is not for the 1%, it's for the player base who wants to compete for a "reward" (ranking system) in a more competitive environment than Casual. ESL rules would simply not fit for Ranked, lot more players would get bored and rage quit mid-match because they lost 3 Defense rounds in a row for example. Matches would become much more toxic due to the more competitive rules which is also something we don't need. I completely agree with Operator Bans(though I don't know how well it would work when not playing as a 5 Stack), Map Voting, rework/improvement to the Elo system, making "support" more rewarding and making Ranked Bomb only, but I just can not like the idea of full ESL rules for Ranked, personally, I'd just quit, Ranked can already be very toxic, and I don't need it to be more toxic and more sweaty.
Fallout 76 says hello
Beat Saber, Superhot VR, Robo Recall(usimg ReVive), Arizona Sunshine, Gorn
Also, Beth's launcher is just useless. Uplay, Origin, GOG, Epic Games Store, they all provide something, while Beth's launcher is just a simple garbage with like 3 Beth games
The majority supporter base of Fidesz are old people who don't even work anymore.
No chance for a full release in 2019. Maybe Early Access Alpha in the Summer with a Beta in the Winter, but with all the silence and delay, it most likely releases fully in Early-Mid 2020
Samsung Odysssey
Misleading title. He compared mouse vs controller on PC. An actual PC vs Console would be more interesting.
If the question is about DICE fixing something, the answer is "No"
Then why would it matter if you could chose from both genders?
It was confirmed by the actor.
Do you own the game on Steam? If yes, then this is because even when buying through Uplay, you are redirected to Steam Store, which does not have the Year 4 Pass listed, it should be available in little more than an hour(Steam store refreshes at 6pm CET)
I'm talking about the bonus. When Year3 Pass released, Y2 Pass owners get a bonus 600R6 Credits(1200R6 Credits in total)
Good to know, thanks!
MKB users on console use XIM4 which flawlessly emulates a controller, making it undecetable. EPIC Games was able to detect it, but it was quickly fixed(a few days) in a XIM4 Firmware update.
I knew that living in China is pretty bad, but holy shit I didn't know it was this bad.
Skeletons/skulls probably(Reaper), they are banned in China
No wonder, gaming became a lot more "socially accepted" over the years, and I'm pretty sure that an increase in school bullying(sadly) helped with this too(with games giving you an alternate reality/escape from the real world)
Yes, what the fuck
Look around OverclockersUK. You can find good prebuilts there, but you can also configure your own PC and they will build it for you. https://www.overclockers.co.uk/pc-systems/configurator/gaming-pc You should also look for advice on r/buildapc
How can this game become more embarrasing every day
Look at the dark texture, it has more detail, parallax occlusion in the old one
Why is it hard to understand that Ubi cant fix it. XIM4 right now is undetectable.
They dont care about cracks as long as devs/pubs pay them
It released last week
&gt; az ellenzéki csürhe mindenféle demokratikus szabályt felrúgva Hogy a lófaszba mernek ilyet írni? Kedves Fidesz már 90%-os diktatúrába tolta az országot, csoda lenne ha 2019-ben nem mennénk full diktatúrába
&gt; one blood splatter removed (on sky scraper map) and few scull icons changed Are you actually dumb or did you really think that was the only thing they are changing? &gt; Essentially, that idea was generally good for the game Globally censoring a game due to China=Good? Nice &gt; More players, faster development More players? +100000 hackers... China would have had its own, Region locked server btw Faster=/=better
It is real, you can check the video in the files using RAD Tools(opens and plays bink video files)
Can be just edited in the code. Press F12 and ez fake page creating
Személyi jogok sértése, lehet perelni
When profit oriented companies prefer to make more profit
Spreading the word is the most you can do now, but making it to the news in other countries would be big help.
Being peaceful doesnt work anymore
We were peacful, they threw teargas at us. It does NOT work anymore. It didnt before and it wont work now. They dont care about peaceful movements.
Having the same issue since the latest update. Very annoying, hope it gets fixed soon.
No, this is DICE
Elvileg Finnország elég jó hely most
He can do anything, I'd watch it
Every Sony PS4 Exclusive game in Europe ever are guilty of terribly sticky stickers that leave lot of mess after peeling them off
They don't. Gaming companies all face decrease in stock value right now.
Why is it so hard for Sony to send at least something like this to all users instead of randomly selected people?
It's the same situation as CoD and BF. Similar games, different target audence. PUBG is still the biggest game on Steam. It targets an audience that wants a more serious game in both style and gameplay, while Fortnite mainly targets Teens and other people who want a more casual game with a cartoonish style. Both have their own audience and both are at the top.
Wow, this is a really hard choice, there has been plenty of games that delivered an amazing level of detail and graphics, but I think I'd chose **Detroit: Become Human** for this award, it is just amazing in every way, graphics, level of detail and aesthetics.
Yep, just tested it! Pretty awesome!
I have everything set to what they need to be too, they have always been. I do get emails from Sony, including some promotions, that doesn't change the fact that something like this should be sent to everyone(and as you can see in the comments, its Europeans being left out... yet again) instead of just random people in NA.
I would have had to wait 2 weeks after release to get RDR2 if I wouldn't have pre ordered it :/ Also, the US=/=Whole World
Yep, everyone knows at this point that Bungie's contract with Acti is for 3 Destiny games(originally one every 2 years, with a big Expansion inbetween)
Yes, he does. Dance choreography is copyrighted, so Epic can NOT use it without getting the choreographer's permission if they make money with said dance(they do)
Dance choreographies are copyrighted
I remember Ubisoft saying that they'll look into Ranked rank difference limit(so that a Silver couldn't queue for Ranked with a Diamond) a few months ago, but no news since then. On the note of making Ranked better: Ranked should be Bomb only.
Go play CSGO, this game is not about looking at your weapon skin while playing.
Its a useless feature no matter how you put it. Elite animations happen when the game is over
Tweet for those who can't access twitter: Tomorrow at 2! Tune in for a super special #Twitch stream: The #BSG Holiday Special! Join us for holiday Bioshocktails, more #ForkliftSimulator2019, festive shenanigans, and... We've got a big surprise in store. #Bioshock #BlindSquirrelGames #VR
AC Odyssey is filled with content and has a full story
Defintly hints at the movies. First title most likely hinting at Rick being imprisoned
Lol
Putting Bioshock and VR in the same line in a tweet for a "big surprise" only to reveal nothing Bioshock VR related is the most asshole move by a PR team and everyone who took part in making that tweet should be fired.
Strand did shoot him in the face
I live in Hungary, Budapest. Am a father and a husband. My son has been wanting an Xbox One for some time, but unfortunately I can not afford it for him, I already had some overspending this year(which I really regret). He loved watching me play the original Halo on PC, so Halo Masterchief Collection would be the game I'd chose if I could win it. Also, big props to you for doing the giveaway! Merry Christmas to you and everyone else :)
There was no such event in Siege, ever
Did you really just scripted a meme with your friend for internet points?
Fact=/=Conspiracy
The Beat Saber Modding discord has a specific channel for song requests and mapping discussion/feedback. It would be useless to have a monthly thread here as the discord has a bigger and more active user base(with mappers online frequently)
&gt; made in forms so unacceptable that they may as well not exist"? TIL that requiring an internet connection in 2018 makes a game unacceptable, just because of the ages old, original game didn't require it
F
Shot most taken some time ago, I doubt they are still at mocap stage, because Druckmann himself said last year, in December that they are around 50-60% done with TLOU2 https://wccftech.com/the-last-of-us-part-ii-50-60-done/
Hello, are you me?
Not the devs' fault. The game is not for you then, no nned to shit on it for that. Research about the game and you'll find out why it'll need online connection
Nope
Yes, it is. Do you really think that there would any kind of outrage about this outside of a vocal minority on Reddit raging?
There isn't going to be an outrage about it outside of Reddit, no matter what you think of online-only games. Thing is, we are not in the early 2000s, we are at the end of 2018, internet availability and prices are much better today and a majority has a stable internet connection(sorry if you don't), with fast internet(100Mb/s+) being pretty affordable in more and more countries(100Mb/s averages around 10€/month in most of Europe now, for example). The only people who are raging about it right now(after seeing the thread on the r/Games) are the perfect examples of today's so-called "outrage culture" who will try to shit on a game and/or publisher whenever the smallest, possible annoyance comes. Like come on, I understand you(not specifically talking about you, but mostly the people over at r/Games) don't like an internet connection requirement, but don't bitch and act like the game is now a ruined, piece of shit while we barely know anything about the game outside of basic features and how it'll look. I respect you and your opinion, but the truth is, an internet connection requirement is not special today, at least not special enough to create even a slightly significant media outrage.
It was very far from the truth.
It shouldn't be. That would just make it "more okay" for devs to release unfinished games as long as they complete it post launch
I'd stand up clapping in the cinema
You play as a half naked, big ass, angry bearded guy with a big ass axe, slaying monsters.
This is the most useless post I have ever seen on this sub. It's not even Shitpost Saturday.
True, the "strength" of each platform's rabid fanboyism seems to differ a lot between different sites. For example, Reddit seems to be mainly equal between Xbox and PS fanboys, while YouTube seems to be "ruled" by mainly Playstation fanboys, Twitter by Xbox Fanboys, Facebook by PS fanboys, and so on. I wish we could live in a world where people wouldn't make fucking internet wars about what platform someone plays on.
Ez is a Soros-Terv része
FTWD doesn't have a 4th Season. Season 3 was the series finale
This is going to be a new meme format
How can they go deeper every single day??
So, when is it getting activated? On PC, and I had no 2XP
&gt; and an always-online DRM Denuvo is not Always-Online.
&gt; Since the crack's goal was to only remove denuvo Actually, no one was able to remove Denuvo from games other than developers so far. Denuvo cracks right now do nothing more than "patch" Denuvo. Denuvo is still in all the cracked games, the crack just fools them into thinking that the user is playing a legit version of the game.
&gt; And you're comparing DRM to dictatorships? Alright, mate. Well, people still act like that EA is the worst company in the world because they add big-bad MTX and gamble boxes to their games, while many other companies literally kill people and "force" children to work. But ya' know, gamble boxes in muh game are much worse!
&gt; "Right before and after Denuvo was removed." And I can say that I am the president of the USA, doesn't mean it's true. You can say whatever you want, it doesn't matter as long as we don't see it. &gt; My last benchmark specified all tests were conducted on the same driver on pre and post removal runs. I thought people would remember so there was no need to say it again, but clearly I was mistaken. See the above point. &gt; You could look up the notes for the patch that removed Denuvo Developers almost never include everything in the patch notes that was done in a specific patch.
I honestly think DICE should spend March and April on porting BF2015 DLC content to BF2. Would love to see not only the Rogue One, but also the Death Star content too, especially for Starfighter Assault.
Was it your Padawan?
You are very impressive, Ben must be very proud.
Yep
&gt; Games like fortnite would have us purchasing each Spidey suit for $1.99 a pop on top of DLC. Not the best analogy as Fortnite is F2P
My wallet will be empty by the time we get to the Fall big releases, holy shit
Trump running for President
Its exactly how it works. I was able to select the install location for GoW4, SoD2, FH3 and FH4
Jyn Erso and Ashoka, Id rather have DICE focus on new maps, balancing and weapons
Insurgency is not like Battlefield, at all.
They did the whole map of the game in real life too!
Handball 17 is pure GOTY material dude
Soros 2021 Make ~~America~~ Hungary Great Again
The game had the Steam logo in promos originally, now it shows a generic PC logo, so it will release on both clients. If it would be EGS exclusive, they would have the EGS logo on the game's page
80Gb
&gt; 3rd person cinematic storytelling action game I like Sony and their exclusives and all, but for god's sake can they make at least one big exclusive that isn't a "3rd person cinematic storytelling action game"? Like, why is it so hard to make an Story-Oriented FPS game(really missing those lately, even a Killzone Trilogy remaster would do), or a racing game? Or a platformer? Maybe something like GTA?
Because some variety would be nice. If I want to play a good PS4 exclusive then what are my choices? One racing game and tons of 3rd person cinematic storytelling action games. They should do something else too, a hack n' slash game, a coop/multiplayer game, a platformer etc.. Heck, I'd throw money at the screen for a first person horror game made by a Sony studio.
Look at the OP
Because many people dont give a shit about the P2W portion of the game and just play with friends
Yeah no, Fidesz would have lost with only hungarian votes
Didnt work for me this way(kept showing page not found in browser), however, I found the Ultimate Pass by directly searching for it on the store through Xbox and was able to join for $1. Really sweet, now I got Ultimate Pass till August 21st of 2020, really nice of MS to do this promotion. Hope I'll be able to use the PC Game Pass too, really hoping it goes live at E3.
Edge became a little laggy for me(One X) with this update, but no issues other than that, so it's a nice patch. I hope E3 brings us some big Home UI update though.
&gt; Fingers crossed for a remaster of FO3 announced at E3 Why though? Bethesda still uses the same outdated, piece of shit engine. It would barely look better than the original.
Gravestones for people who think new Hereford is good
I am ashamed of the amount of money I'd give for the ME Trilogy remastered on Unreal Engine 4. I really don't get why EA won't do it. They would be able to make tons of money, get people excited for Bioware and Mass Effect again, it's like literally does not have any downsides for EA
Does he also compare a Ford Fiesta to a Bugatti Chiron?
&gt; bomb only alone makes no difference Good thing Bomb-only isnt the only change happening to Ranked.
Ah yes, The Sweat squad, often seen on the Test Server
They can be pretty toxic too
No, they did not, that would be a too logical change to make for Ubisoft.
Hulu showed big intereset and they are majorly owned by Disney, so yeah
&gt; They're just addon tons of op gear like weapons, nades and maybe even perks in lootboxes saying : Or you look back at BO3, a Treyarch game which locked weapons behind lootboxes, then look at Infinite Warfare and WWII, an Infinity Ward game and a SHG Game, both which had much better monetization and did not lock any weapon behind Lootboxes, and then you look at BO4, another Treyarch game, which now locks weapons behind lootboxes. I dunno about you, but I see the clear tendency here, the tendency is that Treyarch are just as greedy and anti-consumer as Activision used to be, while we have Infinity Ward and SHG who know what kind of MTX are accepted by the majority of their fanbase. Modern Warfare will not have weapons locked behind lootboxes, you can quote me and are free to come back to my comment in a year or two. It is also worth to note that there was this guy who leaked lots of information about MW before the reveal(Crossplay, the name it self, Free maps, Gamestop's poster etc.) said that the game's monetization will be a combination of IW's and WWII's monetization, which is honestly acceptable, got lootboxes, but only skins are in said lootboxes, lootboxes can be earned through challenges/contracts or bought with real money, post-launch weapons were also earnable with these said contracts(had things like "play X matches" "Kill X players" etc.)
A CoD YouTuber who was at the Infinity Ward HQ trying out the game(2 campaign missions) and getting details on it before the reveal trailer.
Why do I feel like this will be one of the biggest TV Show flops of whatever year it comes out?
Please be a Timesplitters game, even just a remaster would be fine, please!
Finally, I am hyped for BFV!
CoD has been catering to casuals for years lol
It was based on the fact that the game was announced for PC originally, before even having a name or the engine revealed.
A PS4 Pro and an Xbox One X with enough money left for a year of Xbox Live Gold or PS+ subscription and at least one game
He said Consoles sales were the "absolute majority" which speaks for it self, considering that Metro is a PC-focused series. While he did mention Epic was their leading "digital platform" in REVENUE, that doesn't mean much. On PC, Epic is the ONLY digital platform with Metro Exodus, and console sales are still more popular with physical discs than digital sales. He also mentioned that the game on PC sold above expectations early in the year, which is him saying that it sold well on PC as long as it was available on Steam.
The EA Access website still lists Battlefield V as a "Play First Trial"
They released a DEMO that capped you at Level 10. That was nothing like making the whole game+Y1 DLC free
'Bout time, hell yeah. EDIT: Seems like it is not up in the Store(can't find the EU link to Gear Store, only US and Germany) yet
Level-limited Trial=/=Full Game with all Y1 DLC with no limitations Please keep up with your terrible "logic"
That is between Battle.net and Steam
Naboo coming to Capital Supremacy?
Sony fucking over anyone not in NA, not surprised
Nothing related to sending and recieving to/from packages EU countries has changed as of now. You can still order any item to the UK from an EU country with no extra costs(besides standard shipping cost of the shop) and works the same with ordering to an EU country from the UK.
So, after R6 fans spend 4 years asking for Ubi to make a story-focused, singleplayer Rainbow 6 game similar to the cancelled Patriots, they come up with another multiplayer R6 game? Nice, going by the name, it also looks like to be based on Outbreak from last Year.
Playerbase it has been doing pretty good on PC(I've been finding matches on PC much faster(10-15seconds avg) than on my Xbox), I think this is just a move from EA to try and get profit from MTX instead of the game sales.
I disagree, and that's not nostalgia, I still go back to BF4 every now and then, and the gunplay and gameplay feels much better than in BFV, don't get me wrong though, gunplay is good in BFV, very good actually, but it feels better in BF4
No, we did not. We were told we get 20 Airlifts
Did anyone think Kojima would reveal all characters in one trailer?
Yes, but right now ordering to and from the UK from and to EU countries is exactly the same as before Brexit
Hi Seth, If a new Mass Effect game would be made with Joker in it, would you take the role again?
You can still sign up through the MS Store, I did it days after it was officially over
Its made by 4A Games and published by Deep Silver. THQ does own DS, but they are given independence in their decisions.
WB is only publishing in NA, Bandai Namco is the publisher in EU and Australia, the ad most is likely coming from an EU country, hence the reason Bandai Namco logo is shown and not WB. EDIT: Downvoting for telling the truth, nevet fail to disappoint Reddit!
To make the comparision even worse, the average wage in the US is around ~4 times higher than in Hungary. Posted as the thread showing the same shitty pricing for MKX was filled with people saying this is just WB's regional pricing, but clearly not, as can be seen here with RDR2. Same differences can be found with many other games from other publishers
Obiviously, I am talking about RETAIL games in RETAIL stores, but it is the same game, for much lower price. Although, depending on where you live, there might be shops selling digital games for Xbox One too, at the same price as the physical.
Yes, it is. Not that it changes much, because this regional pricing is pretty specific to the Xbox store. Why is that on Steam I can get games at the same prices as everyone else(except for countries which have specific pricing like Russia)? If a game costs 60€ in Germany, it costs 60€ in my country too, on the xbox store however, it is a similar difference between my country and Germany too, although, smaller than compared to the US.
I'm mixed on it. I think leaks about already announced or heavily teased games are fine, I even like them, but leaking something very big that was not even teased before... I hate that. For example, the leak about Cyberpunk 2077's Standard Edition and coverart is good for me, I liked it, but if someone would leak that Half-Life 3 gets revealed at this E3, I would be fucking mad, experiencing something like that for the first time through some leak instead of a livestream as it gets announced by Valve would be just a shitty experience. Obiviously, this example is a little bit extreme, but you get the point.
&gt; what they showed looked really, really easy They said it multiple times that it was played by an expert player who played through this sequence multiple times before.
Hey OP, 2005 would like to get their joke back
I still don't understand how they grabbed an Unbalanced, but Fun map and decided to improve it, but then came up with an even more unbalanced map, that also lacks any kind of fun.
Umm.. no, it's not. You need to advance from E to D, but the enemy always spawns much closer to D, being able to capture it 90% until we get there, then we gotta defend E, which is easy to do, for this reason, other team half camps down at D position, while other fucks off with the Boys rifle at the distant hills, and that's it, D gets captured again before anyone of us can get there and this goes on until the timer runs out. That is not balanced at all, the match is literally not making any progress because of fucked up spawns
I think he was just very excited to be there and got a little bit confused by how many people were so excited for him and the game.
It was so awesome and it is amazing how CDPR managed to make Cyberpunk 2077 even cooler. Very hyped just to interact with him in the game lol
Sadly not :(
This was extremely underwhelming what the hell
Microsoft stopped doing exclusivds and I'm happy. They are giving choice to customers, so you can fuck off with this 4chan level meme shit
Playing at maximum settings without having to spend tons of money on a powerful enough PC is pretty good. But hey, if it wouldnt work well for you, it shouldnt work for anyone at all. Clasdic r/Gaming
Imagine FF in CoD in non-HC modes... God protect us from that
The video about Project Scarlett had plenty of "Next generation" in it though.
Not even 30seconds into the Project Scarlett video, they literally say "Next-GENERATION Console"
It costs more than an Xbox One S, so it better be extremely premium quality internals and externals
Why no thread for the VR Showcase?
I'll facepalm very hard if they dont replace the current, godawful UI. And the power of the console will allow for a much better, improved UI with higher quality shit
The first video looks to be inferior to Rustic's map of Believer, looks like the same clusterfuck mapping that Monstercat songs had to be honest.
Hard to support them when the free, communtiy made maps available since months have better mapping than the new, paid ones.
Why would I buy something that offers something inferior compared to the completely free version of the same thing? It is a product, sold for money, the point of the product is to sell it to people, if you want the people to buy it, earn their money. I'm not going to pay for something I don't like. I will just await the next music pack, which will hopefully have good enough maps(and hopefully multiple bands/singers, not just one) to be worth my money.
I will reward them with my bucks if they give me a quality product. My question still stands: Why should I pay with my own money for a product that I do not like? Here is the answer to get over with this: I shouldn't, because the product does not have high enough quality to justify the price they are asking for it from me. Again, I will be very happy to give money to bands and the developers when I get quality songs for my money. I pay for what I like, I don't pay for what I don't like, no matter how moral you are trying to be. Neither the band or the developers will suddenly go bankrupt because they don't get my money this time.
&gt; so you like a pirated beatmap more than the official one The "pirated" one has better mapping that official one, so yes. This is called an opinion. The rest of your comment: just keep pushing your morality bs, still not going to pay for a Music Pack that I would not play. This is, again, a product, a product has to give a specific quality for the consumer to get their money, this music pack fails to do that for me, so I will not pay for it. As I said, we can continue as long as any of you want, this is still going to end the same way: Me not paying for a product, because I don't like that product vs you repeating the same morality bs acting like that using a higher quality map of the songs included in said product means I should pay for the product, even though I would not use said product. Also, just to note: All of the songs included in the music pack, I bought them through Amazon music in the past, so I think I supported the band enough :) Keep going!
Of course another EGS Exclusive... Quoting the CEO Rebellion: &gt; ​“I’m not really a big believer in exclusives,” he said. “For me the relationship I have with the consumer is important and it matters to me how many people buy and play my game. We listen to our fans as best we can. It’s not just compensating us for lost sales on platform X or Y. Fine, that might derisk the project, but you also have to factor in the cost of the negative reaction from people who are upset by that decision. There’s a kind of fairness aspect to this, and I want to be fair to the fans who want to buy it on the platform they want. So that’s sort of my feeling at the moment. I guess that could change but there would have to be a bloody good reason.'' Source: https://wccftech.com/rebellion-ceo-on-egs-unlikely-wed-go-exclusive-but-its-hardly-any-effort-having-another-launcher-in-your-system/ I guess Epic Money is a "bloody good reason"
Upfront short term money, majorly negative reaction from fans&lt;Long term money and positivity from fans They clearly show a lack of trust in their product's quality to sell enough copies.
The offerings of the service compares to Origin Access Premiere which costs the same
The specifications clearly state the required Windows 10 build. The App itself has also just launched into beta.
5.9GB for me on Steam
And the audio was so terrible and inconsistent. The $0.99 VR games you find on Steam have better quality than whatever this "Showcase" was meant to be.
As is every E3 the year before next-gen. Everyone is holding their big guns for E3 2020 to showcase "next-gen ultra amazing graphics, experiences etc." with the next-gen consoles.
Respawn confirmed it after the EA Play gameplay that he is voicing too.
Well, they could announce some more things many people would give a fuck about. Imagine if they'd announce that the MGS IP has been purchased by Kojima Productions
Uplay+ is comparable to Origin Access Premiere, which costs the same $14.99/Month. Uplay+ subscribers will get the FULL Version of all their new games with all DLC. Origin Access Premiere does the same with EA games, the $5/mo Origin Access Basic only gives a 10 hours trial for the standard edition of their games. Right now we don't know the catalogue of Uplay+, only that it will have more than 100 games, 3 day early access to the premium edition of all their new titles and guaranteed Beta access to their new titles. I think that based on current information, it will provide good enough value to be worth it as much as Origin Access Premiere, however, I think it is too early to judge. EDIT: &gt; However, if you're an avid Ubisoft fan then you have plenty of Uplay coins and can redeem them (at least on PC) for a 20% discount i.e. $48 per game It was never possible to use the 20% off on Pre-Orders and games younger than 3 months in the US, and the option was recently removed in Europe too.
Doesn't seem to work that well. I just got matched againts two Diamonds and a Plat 1, even though I was only Mid-Gold when the season ended, my team also had a diamond, and a Silver.
inb4 "It's just skins"
&gt; Not really though. In a game with 1 shot kills it's not as impactful as you're trying to mak eout Because Day 1 Lion or Maverick weren't impactful, you are very smart! &gt; A pass behind which nothing is gated, hence irrelevant. I am unable to argue with such blind repetition of bullshit.
The engine can have a huge effect on how the game looks and plays like though.
&gt; Halo 1 was mostly because they didn't actually grind down gameplay until the final year. It was also a very different game originally(TPS game made for Apple). It's surprising how good both games turned out to be knowing their development issues.
I'm 100% sure there will be tons of "Grandma only" playthroughs just days after release
&gt; I've seen nothing but complaints about the price since the moment it was announced I am yet to see any complaint that had the slightest bit of logic behind it. &gt; then that's their fault and you shouldn't be favorably comparing it to another service if you don't know enough about it. It is not a fault, they said more will be revealed about it before the release, people judging things before knowing enough about it is not the company's fault. Also, I am not comparing it favorably to any another service, I said it's current known features match the features of Origin Access Premiere, priced the same, but there is too little information to judge the service.
Who do I have to throw money at to make that happen?
It was like that on the Test Server
Pretty sure they said not all Operators will have the same gadgets as in Siege.
I didn't say the opposite. The argument was that Uplay+ is not comparable to Origin Access Basic, because Uplay+ gives full edition of new Ubi games with no limits, which Basic does not.
I'm not saying it's a bad game gameplay wise, but I fully hate these character designs. I hope at least a few devs are working on Hellblade sequel or a game like that
Not anymore, it used to be like that in Europe, but it was removed recently. You can now only use the 20% off on titles that released at least 3 months ago
&gt; The idea is that people forget to unsub. They're banking on this Well, so what? If people are dumb, it's their fault. Having a subscription service that provides great value is nice, and if someone is dumb enough to forget unsubbing from that service, it is completely and only their fault. I also don't see how they are exactly banking on these dumb people, they have this subscription model, because this service became popular recently, but there isn't some secret system that would somehow make them look like they are banking on people who forget to unsub, and honestly, you have to be just really dumb to forget unsubbing from a service like that, like, who does not get notifications whenever X amount of money is deducted from their bank account(the monthly fee of the service=X)?
Yeah, they sent out emails ~2 months ago
BO4 was definitely not competitive oriented, it was Blackout oriented and it became an unbalanced mess with 50% of shit banned in comptetitive play lol
Aw, did someone just lost a Ranked game to a 5-Stack Recruit rushing?
I'd love if no fucks were given about a character's gender
Sadly, not many publishers have the balls to even try boundary pushing games, although, I think R* is a team that would give no fucks about controversy and just go all out on a game like Manhunt, even today. I just wish more publishers and developers would have the balls for it, I still wonder how the new CoD Modern Warfare campaign is going to be after reading people's reactions to 2 missions, I hope it's not just marketing and IW is actually ballsy.
I believe it, but it's still dumb to care about the gender of the character.
They are really turning this into The Division 2.0 wtf
Can we rename this sub to "ConsoleBadEksDee" so people dont come here thinking there will be PC focused content?
I subbed 2 years ago...
An interesting thing about this news: Just a day ago, a Bandai Namco(publisher of the game) representative said that ["So far we stuck to Steam and I don't see us changing anytime soon"](https://twitter.com/RashBandai/status/1138852847221653507?s=09)
&gt; intentionally Dude, not even a week has passed since their E3 presentation and they already said it's not an Exclusive. I really don't know what's wrong here. I don't remember them saying that PSO2 West will be an exclusive title to Xbox One, only that they are bringing the game to the West, as in, they made the deal with the developers to bring the game to the West.
Your point? Microsoft themselfes made the deal with Sega to bring the game to the West(which is not simply adding servers in the West, it is going to be like a different game), they had all the power(money) to make it an Xbox Exclusive(and I'm sure Sony would have made it a PS4 exclusive if they would have made a deal), but instead they were fine with it coming to PS4 in the West too. But sorry for not shitting on Microsoft while praising Sony, I guess :/ I apologize and promise to never have good words towards Microsoft when they do something good for the consumers.
&gt;Stop acting like MS paid for Sony to get it on the PS4. What? Where did I say that?
Why is this flaired as "Rumour"? Lol, are the mods not aware of Titanfall?
Wasnt Dwight's face burnt on the other side?
I noticed that Gears 5 shows "Standard Edition pre-order", but didn't they say at E3 that Game Pass gives the Ultimate Edition?
I got Ultimate Pass but still got Standard Edition
u/Ubi-Ludo u/UbiNoty u/Its_Epi u/UbiKalyrical u/Fabulous_V u/Panettoni I am begging you guys, I will buy at least 2 Elite skins if you make it happen ;)
I think they should focus on bringing in Crossbuy first, it's going to be weird when I'll use my PC saves with Forsaken to play on Xbox once D2 goes F2P, but won't be able to access my Forsaken content there.
Nah, PS4 for Exclusives, PC for multiplat games.
Got the exact same thing. I get used to it once the action starts, but it feels very weird when I'm at the "home" of the player, it's like Mouse Smoothing, but for VR, annoying. And it only happens in Robo Recall.
It was made clear that Kojima Productions is an independent studio, I doubt they would announce something this important like this. Also, I highly doubt Kojima would ever agree to be bought by a Studio after Konami and Metal Gear. Also, as far as I know, Insomnica was also listed as "in-house", even though they are also an independent studio
It's Fiscal year 2019, which ends in March of 2020.
This chart is based on inaccurate information. It also lists Insomniac as "in-house", even though they are also independent
No, but I need that as a limited time mode
These guys don't have a Patreon page? Looks fantastic so far, I hope it gets completed, maybe, just *maybe* , if it becomes popular enough, it may get Valve's official approval, that would be mindblowing.
No, it does not, we already know that alien creatures and mechs will have disemberment, only Human characters won't.
Well, to be honest, I don't blame them for coming up with such a bullshit claim(trying hard to outdo pride and accomplishment), they said is on a hearing with the UK Parlaiment, and we all know that they got absolutely no idea what they are talking about, and the same could be said about any other parlaiment and even the US congress, all EA has to do in front of them is to come up with bullshit that sounds professional and real in front of clueless people and they will eat it up. Next time someone will say rape is just "surprise sex" at this point.
They have been tanking for a while, their MTX sales keep them alive.
The standard Alpha Packs can not be bought with real money, so your point is?
Fasz vagy
I did not say anything that is not common knowlege, so...
Of course, this sub has an outstanding amount of fanboys that bite at all sorts of criticism(more than most game subs), so I fully expected the hate, but it's cool, I love fanboys being triggered over a comment on the internet
&gt; they also put a gun that is wingman like (minicannon). The Desert Eagle is a real weapon and existed before Apex Legends even occured as a tought inside of Respawn, how is adding it to PUBG a "blatant copy" from Apex? &gt; Oh, and they added a ping system!!!! Oh no, they added a system that literally everyone and their mother was asking for ever since Apex made it a thing, how truly pathetic of the developers to do! /s
Yep, they did
They fixed the glitch
There are no lootboxes, only skins and skin packs. Some challenges offer you emotes and skins and credits.
Idk why you are downvoted, you are saying the truth.
First off, who cares? Second off, we know, but originally the game would have got the Chinese censored version globally so devs would not have to do double work, but there was a big outrage(thankfully) so Ubisoft reverted the decision. This post shows off what the game would look like everywhere if they would not have reverted the decision.
&gt; Ubi knows what they’re doing The only reason we don't have that shit is because there was a huge outrage, don't give any credits to Ubi.
Actually, not true. A Remaster is improving a game while keeping 100% of the original assets. FFVI, as stated above, runs on a new engine with new assets, literally meaning that it is a Remake.
Thankfully, the idiotic censorship of a country ruled by a dictator is not forced onto people living in normal countries.
No, but the timeline is made based on clues by the story and what characters say and talk about. The story tells it in no way, it is kept a secret, Rick believes that she is Shane's, but the story so far had nothing to back up or deny that.
I'd go as far as to say it will be less than 5% difference. It is all going to come down to developers knowledge and optimization skills game by game.
Has there been ever anything officialy confirmed about "Lockhart"? Pretty sure the whole thing about MS having a stronger and weaker console next-gen was just a rumour and was not even teased by Microsoft.
I wish barbed wire would have stacking effects, like the more barbed wire is placed in one place, the slowing effect will be bigger and it will be louder(for both defenders and attackers). They could also make it that like 3-4 barbed wire makes something like 5dmg/second lol.
Pretty sure it would need an RTX 2080 Ti paired with a non-existent CPU and 32GB of RAM
Pretty sure that was a PR Stunt to minimize controversie around WW2 due to his firing, because he is definitely not working at Activision, he is with 2K.
Let's go at not winning again
Wasnt it 50% off like a week ago?
I think ads are only in specific regions
Why do I have **-2200** tokens?
He clearly did
Far Cry 4 alternate ending ezpz.
Can confirm
Youngblood isn't the Old Blood type of spin-off. The developers were clear that they wanted to bring a more open, bigger coop experience, and since they are using the exact same engine as New Collossus, they were able to do it without significant increase in development costs(that was their given reason for the lower than standard price)
I think the appropriate reaction that everyone is searching for: "Don't do that. Don't give me hope"
This is why I will never stop asking for a Solo mode. Teamworks would be much better if lone wolfs cluld just play alone
There are no lootboxes in the game
&gt; I want to play my top down RPGs and RTS in VR. There are some pretty neat RTS games in VR though. &gt; The thing about VR is that the game itself has to be great first and then you can add VR as a gimmick. I think my brain just rebooted after a critical failure while trying to find logic in this. &gt; Adding to that, you can't actually play FPS and other first person games the same way, because focusing and aiming in VR is a lot more difficult That is the point of VR, to make the game feel like an interactive experience controlled by you, where YOU have to do things if you want to do something that is more than pressing a button.
VR is a niche platform, the last thing it needs is another company doing exclusives. THANK GOD Index doesn't have exclusives
Exclusivse are good for companies, so they can lock users behind their ecosystem. I'm sure it would be absolutely terrible for us, gamers, if we could play Uncharted 4 on PC or Xbox, or if we could play Lone Echo on the Vive or Index(officialy)
&gt; can't track you when you put your hands behind you You rarely have to rely on putting your hands behind your back in VR though, and it still has gyrosensors to make tracking slightly possible outside of camera ranges. &gt; has a downgraded refresh rate Refresh rate is not everything. 80hz of the Rift S feels MUCH better to me than the 90hz of the Vive(personal experience).
I'm so pissed Respawn is refusing to add a Solo mode. Like, before you downvote me and come at me with your usual bullshit: * No, there would be no need of Solo mode specific balancing * Yes, some legends will be more popular than others, nothing wrong with that, but even now, every legend has a good individual ability that would make them good alone * No, you would not be forced to play Solo if you don't want to * These randoms that go solo and die, the ones you always complain about, will fuck off to that Solo mode, so you won't have to deal with them again. Win-Win situation
Well, you're not wrong
Wait, his hitbox is still fucked?
Damn, I tought they fixed already. I really hope it gets fixed with Season 2 Launch patch, just 3 more days to find out.
Someone who knows the Source Engine(and Respawn) well enough to know that it can happen. Whetever Respawn wants to or not, is up to them.
How would your experience worsen with a Solo mode?
The fuck game is up with these sexual TIFUs getting weirder and weirder recently? The coconout guy, the guy sucking himself and now this... Holy fuck Reddit!
Yeah, some current gen games also got pretty good VR mods. Alien Isolation is absolutely pantshittingly awesome with the VR mod
That is pretty good considering that he is bottlenecked and that this is the first test of the game.
So close, yet so far
1. DSOGaming is godawful, full of misleading and misinformed content 2. It fails where they think WWE2K20 has Denuvo
WWE2K20 does NOT use Denuvo, it never did. For your own sake, please don't get news from DSO Gaming
&gt; I would welcome a convincing argument that the Nvidia rt cores are not overhyped So, real-time tests in Raytraced games showing significant(=2x) performance increase between RTX and GTX cards? Take a look at Control raytracing tests showing the difference between a GTX 1080Ti and an RTX 2080(they have around the same gaming performance in general) and look at how the 1080 Ti struggles with raytracing in the game(Control has the best Raytracing implentation so far) compared to the RTX 2080.
This is the first generation of realtime raytracing in the consumer market. What newly introduced technology/feature works fast enough on their first version? You want a convincing argument that the Nvidia RT cores are not overhyped, but you arguement comes down to "new tech is not fast enough on it's first generation" which is expected. The first 3D games were not fast enough either, the first open world games weren't also, and so on. You don't even argue againts Nvidia's RT cores.
&gt; It made 3d games run faster than software rendering at double the resolution. And so does Nvidia's RT cores make Real-time raytracing run a lot faster than without them. You are really trying hard to prove the point I have, while you act like you are arguing againts it, I really don't get you.
It's most likely going to be a clearly passionate project that will fail to live up to the original games, and suffer from numerous technical issues, such as bad optimization and bugs. Mark my words.
It isn't a PS5 exclusive title tho. It is already confirmed for PC, not even time limited exclusivity
Román csótány geci
He could have won againts a cheater tho. Points get removed either way.
&gt; The split from Activision also resulted in a massive increase in MTX I mean, that was kinda expected when they decided to switch to Free 2 Play, instead of a full priced game.
Producing SSDs is much more expensive than HDDs tho, and production prices are reportedly going up this year, because NAND flash memory prices will increase this year, up to by 40% by Q4 this year according to sources.
A gyorsaság, kényelem és garancia megéri azt a kis pluszt itthon, de ez csak az én véleményem
Focusing too much on pro-consumer stuff instead of exclusives, I guess :/
The difference is going to be much more than just higher resolution and textures tho. The SSD will allow you to boot up the console and game in a couple seconds instead of a minute at least.
I don't think OP is a multimillion company owned by a muli billion company
Don't forget that they are also adding yet another monetization method with the Battle Pass, and SP owners only get a discount
We are 100% not getting it, because we could buy the Battle Pass at no extra cost. Fuck this shit, I'm out, even Y4P was a discounted buy for me, ain't supporting Ubi on this one anymore. Pay the same to get less content, while adding a second pass to pay even more, like fuck off, Ubi.
I mean, games never fully took advantage of new gen consoles until 2-3 years into the generation anyway
Ubi store lists the 1200 pack for $13.99 for me
It costs 840 R6 Credits with the Season Pass
It's coming from Jason Schreier, so it's basically confirmed now. I'm happy to hear it, never managed to finish it on my PS4, even after trying to play it through 3 times, I'll see how I'll manage on the PC version. I'm guessing Kojima Productions' work on the PC version of Death Stranding, which uses the same engine, helped a lot in bringing this game to PC. Always happy when a game becomes available to more people.
The previous games offended tons of people already, imagine the reaction in 2020, fucking pussy world, but it would be amazing to see that reaction, idk if it would get cancelled, but the salty, offended, crybaby response to "oh no, gore and swearing" would be a mememine
I'm still excited for the time when this game quits my EVE Online like "reading about it is fun, but dear god, I won't play it" category. Everytime a new update games, I go on a research spread to see how things are, but so far, I still always end up at the game being extremely punishing to new players and being too slow with full wipes giving a day or two of brakes for newer players to catch their breath from sweaty no-lifers with the best loot available. Looking at the roadmap, they still have a Storyline and PVE coming up, I plan to finally hop-in whenever one of those gets released, I don't see the fun in going into the game and getting instaheadshotted by some sweaty player with 3k hours and great loot within the first minutes of my first match. The constant reports of still bad netcode don't help either.
I think people hate them, because the trailer hyped them up to be a bit better than what they are. Gold Rush was fun, it was actually different, although a bit too much Kraber+Mastiff sweats Live.Die.Live was boring, respawning teammates in normal modes is better than the auto respawn on ring close, which barely happened, because you mostly manage to revive your teammates, and randoms just leave after dying. Third Person is just simply bad. It is literally just a camera change, which results in terrible aiming(most Legends block out half the screen when aiming), trying to hit anything over ~1m is a pain in the ass and it overall feels glitchy, due to it literally just being a camera placement switch, with nothing else done to make it more fitting. I'm really excited for the Dummy mode, but that's about it, really, the TPS and LDL modes really-really lowered my expectations for the other modes. Also, SBMM in these modes... is this serious? Aren't these meant to be casual, limited time, fun, fuck around modes instead of the usual sweatfests? I bet the person who put SBMM into these modes is responsible for the Gibby buffs
Dude, this is a F2P Indie game with no other monetization. Why are you expecting so much, smh
But, the game is actually coming to PC, it was never exclusive to the PS5 lol, even the official website always said and still says "PlayStation 5 &amp; Epic Games Store Holiday 2020"
No need to replace, just throw in an additional USB-C port at the back and done.
&gt; are as bad as if not worse than many other AAA studios when it comes to crunch and worker rights? FYI: The biggest AAA publishers such as big-bad EA and Ubisoft have good worker rights and not much crunch. CDPR is by far one of the worst AAA studios when it comes to crunching
AC3 and Black Flag both came out a bit later on PC. GR Future Soldiers also had a delayed PC release.
I mean, what could they do with an officially licensed football game? Take it to space?
Contact Support, they usually refund the difference in cases like this
Rotating maps are stupid, just let us select which one we want
Your maths is off
The high level scene is not held back by casual community requests, it's held back by Ubisoft, they make the changes, not the community
It's real, the photo is from DICE's launch party of BFV
&gt; But they didn't take a side I dunno, the state of London in the game is pretty clear that Ubisoft took a side.
Umm... No, Early Access, is just early access to a game. It can be early access to the finished game, or just access the beta version, alpha version or even pre-alpha
Not letting us choose between KC and World's Shit in S4 is just fucking lame.
Because every thread like that is spammed with TiF2, people are bored of it. The game is not underrated, it's underplayed
&gt; wccftech To the garbagecan of fake stuff, you go
Eh, not really a fan. Most Operators were designed around their speed, like Ash being a rusher, doing this would fuck up balancing too much.
He is definitely coming as a Legend when Kings Canyon comes back
He is coming in half of Season 4 You can quote me on that
&gt; But I don't want the mainline RE series to become all first person. What makes mainline RE series "mainline" other than being numbered tho? And why does the title even matter? How is the game going to be better by calling it Resident Evil XY instead of RE 8? The series had a drastic change in camera view that worked out well, after playing RE7, I fully trust Capcom to do it well again.
&gt; Sbmm lets me know I'm playing with a group of "peers", which is what I want. Ranked mode exists for that reason
Not this again
It's real
Yes, they are. It's a grey market, but they are legit, no 3rd party seller bullshit, like G2A. Their support is also pretty fast
Is it really a commitment when you can cancel it anytime?
Ryzen 3600 on a MSI B450 Tomahawk MAX, not very positive: * My RAM OC is no longer working * Cinebench score is 32p lower * Boot time increased by ~0.4 seconds On the positive side of things, my idle CPU temps seem to be more stable, less jumpy .
Custom OC, I tightened the timings on top of the standard XMP profile, but I got freezes and Memtest threw errors until I switched back to default XMP settings
I wonder if reasonable Subtitle sizes are actually going to scaled to large this time. Small subtitles, even on the largest setting, have been an issue for the last few Sony 1st party titles(among many 3rd party titles too)
That is most definitely with Pre and Aftershow, which should be around 30 minutes each. The event is 100% going to be around 1.5 hours &gt; This digital showcase will run for a bit more than an hour This quote is literally from the CEO of Sony Interactive Entertainment, Jim Ryan, found on the official Playstation Blog [post](https://blog.playstation.com/2020/05/29/youre-invited-a-look-at-the-future-of-gaming-on-playstation-5/)
A Japanese company cates more about this shit than the President of the USA lol Too bad this is just a PR move, Sony didnt care when worse stuff happened in other countries
Oh great, another tweet that will be spammed on this sub a million times. This is really what we needed...
Same on [Hungarian](https://www.playstation.com/hu-hu/ps5/) site too, still says "Christmas 2020"
Steam Workshop is making modding and using mods 1000000x simpler tho, especially since Nexus Mods put a 1mb/s download speed limit unless you pay for their premium subscription.
&gt; is being free worth the extra "hassle" to not use workshop? It's completely subjective, and the ease of installing mods is not the only pro of Workshop, testing compatibility and getting updates to mods automatically are also important too. But, Workshop aside, there are other features of Steam that make it better. For me, I'd rather pay $30 and get full access to all consumer friendly features on Steam, rather than get it for free and have no access to any of those features.
1. Discounts are NOT undercutting 2. Discounts are handled by the publishers, Valve has no say in how much of a discount each game gets. Valve just gives dates for Seasonal sales, publishers set up discounts on their games to participate. Sales being smaller nowadays is just simply about AAA publishers being more greedy, Indie devs still have major discounts during seasonal sales. 3. Stating facts is not deflection. The argument was about paid exclusivity which YOU deflected with your stupid discount=undercut(lol) "argument"
This patent is old and unrelated to PS5. Sony already confirmed during Cerny's presentation that PS5 will support expandable storage through 3rd party(Samsung, Crucial, ADATA, etc.) pcie4 NVMe SSDs that are approved by Sony for use in PS5
Another year, another RDR Remaster "leak"
I don't have to deal with the USA's bullshit, neither does Acti need to. Its up to the government and that joke of a president to deal with their outdated politics and racism.
Eh, judging by the past few years, 2021 will be even worse
Toxic people found on the internet, more SHOCKING news on TTV.NoShitSherlock
A very realistic presentation, it seems.
&gt; Potentially EA having hired people to complete this version of Battlefront III as a preorder bonus? Pre-order bonus for what? EA Battlefront 3? We already know that game is not in development at the moment, so there is no chance of it releasing. I think the "Classic, 2019" was just automatically tagged in based on previous original Battlefront games. I really see no reason why Free Radical's Battlefront 3 would get suddenly released or being worked on by EA.
If Sony cares so much about racism, why did they not delay this sale? I thought delaying the PS5 Event was because they care and delays destroy racism :(
Its a player made map
Mr. Robot Just watch it, all the way.
Lol he is not risking anything at all
Good luck with that: * Nintendo is already aiming at maxing out their profits/console sales, they won't use an SSD in a new Switch or whatever they'll call it as it'll increase the production costs even further * SSDs are still relatively expensive outside of the US, so many people will not buy them, especially since prices began rising again thanks to COVID-19 caused shortages. * Games are still increasing in size, so many(on PC) will choose to spend money on a big HDD instead of a smaller SSD.
When it comes to products, sold is always used in the context of "bought by customers", shipped and sold are not the same in this context. AMD has shipped 553 million GPUs since 2013, but they did not sell all of those, yet. The original report itself is specifing "shipped", even the article quotes it correctly, but the title is misleading.
So you admit that you are wrong, but your internet ego is too fragile to say it out loud, not surprised Bye :)
How does this honor his legacy in any way, form or shape? Sounds like they are going to do a server maintenance and use BLM as an excuse to earn some good PR while they're at it.
The even is for showcasing PS5 games, the next CoD is releasing on PS5, and Sony has a marketing deal with Acti
Good bot
Also the company that banned a player and 2 casters when said player supported HK protesters, after which this same company publicly apologized to fucking China.
&gt; buying a system and plugging it in and playing. But then you get a System Software Update, after which you have to restart the system, then you get a Day 1 update to your game, then you launch the game, then the game tells you to restart because of Update, then you get a Day 2 update, and so on. Plug N' Play is not a thing anymore, it wasn't a thing with this generation either due to patches becoming more common and in some cases, bigger too, and some games have this stupid habit of requiring you to restart the game right after you launch it, so it can verify the update that you already installed(Hi, Modern Warfare)
Duplicate assets play small part in why games are so big nowadays tho, a lot of the files are big due to uncompressed, Hiqh quality assets, such as 4k textures, HQ Audio for all support languages, pre-rendered 4k cutscenes. The biggest issue is that developers don't care much about optimizing file sizes anymore. Just having the ability to install only one Language audio could spare 10-20GBs of space.
He reached to the officer's belt and baton, yes, very non-threatening
&gt; the post got deleted (don't ask me why, it didn't break any rules). Because someone already posted before you and that post is literally pinned on the front of the sub.
More like people are calling Acti out on their blatant PR stunt in r/modernwarfare If they care so much about people, why fid they ban a pro player for supporting HK Protests? Lets not forget how they apologized to China. At least Respawn seems genuine about this
The are 9-7 hours old comments that are just straight up insults and/or calls for brigading other subs... Why do we have rules at all? Where are the mods?
I mean, he is just a modder, he isn't some leaker or insider, so him claiming that it's false is just as beliveable as someone else claiming it's real.
It's 7.7GB for me
r/pcgaming is much worse than r/pcmasterrace tbh PCG sub takes it's stuff seriously and really just absolutely shits on anyone with a differring opinion, while PCMR sub is at least mostly ironical or just simply jokes, with plenty of civil discussion and jokes about each other in the comments. Both subs can be toxic, but PCG is toxic 99% of the time, it's at the levels of r/PS5 where posts are dominated by the 100000th repost of a Sweeney tweet, with comments being mostly calls for brigading other subs and shitting on anything that isn't the PS5.
https://i.redd.it/inqn3jcyldz41.jpg
What if, and this is shocking, but what if the problem is with the ring placement and not the map?
He also said that he "is no Kojima" meaning the he probably didn't get the chance to do that
No name developer on a forum claims that PS5 SSD is indeed good, as claimed by actual professionals in the industry, more SHOCKING news exclusively on "Holy shit, we get it, it's good Channel"
There are at least 10 posts/day that say how the PS5 SSD is good.
&gt; majority of the leaks were from early builds Most of the footage was less than 2 months old at the time it leaked, I wouldn't exactly call it early.
They are power hungry, and want to achieve this power without putting much effort into it, clearly proved outside of posts like this, there is absolutely no moderation on the sub(million reposts, off-topic posts, amazing amount of toxicity in comments, etc.)
CoD: *is the best selling game every single year* You: CoD KilLeD iT sElF
I'd like to see ND's take on a gritty, story focused WW2 FPS game
Thats... not what I said, at all
&gt; You specified, FPS. That’s not even the same sport as their games lol just saying And? Guerilla Games were making linear Sci-Fi FPS games, didn't stop them from making HZD, an open-world third-person action adventure game. &gt; I still feel like Call of Duty 2 and Medal of Honor Frontline already gave us the best of those experiences Possible, but who knows? It's been a really long time since an AAA studio tried to make a story focused WW2 FPS, considering the detail ND puts into the characters and world building, I think they are the ones who could easily top CoD 2 and MoH games.
&gt; I very much doubt they will just drop it out of nowhere They did it for Warzone and MW2 Campaign Remastered tho It is very likely they'll do that
Friendly reminder that Support is not a very good source of information for release dates and delays, the support people are usually just as much in the dark as the average customer is.
Wildest? * Full PS3 Backwards Compatibility with every game upscaled to 4k * "One Last Thing" ending the reveal with a quick shot of the console * Teaser for Kojima's horror game * Multiplayer won't be blocked behind a second paywall(PS+) starting next-gen * PlayStation Home 2 fully taking advantage of PSVR
Even if it happens(and I'll cream myself if it will), it most likely won't happen during the PS5 reveal, because Microsoft had the marketing rights for both Titanfall games before so chances are it's either revealed during EA Play or an MS event.
Dude, even a 1070 can run it at 4k60fps on Med-High settings
There are a few reasons: * A lot more people had way more time to play and improve in the past 2 months * Many people "learned" the game since it first launch. Most people were clueless during the first month or so as they had to get used to the guns, the gameplay, etc. * Many people just simply improved faster than you did * The META gun setups(looking at you, Grau) become widespread, so a lot more people are now using the best possible loadout instead of trying out different stuff.
Infinite Warfare, fight me
Resistance remake or sequel
&gt; TheGamingRevolution is probably the best leaker for Call of Duty stuff and he usually gets everything right He is very hit and miss lol He got a lot of things right about MW, but he had a lot of stuff wrong too, not to mention he has been very salty for the past few months, it's very likely his original inside source is not feeding him anymore
&gt; some old but made shinier stuff Killzone or Resistance Trilogy Remaster please Probably going to be the rumoured Bloodborne Remaster and Demon's Souls remake tho
Would be a great time to bring back Resistance, it'd be refreshing to see a new first-party Sony title that isn't a "Cinematic, third-person action-adventure" game.
Staying on the topic of just gaming, people expect longevity from their GPUs, especially a top-end, expensive af XX80Ti, being limited to 11GB of VRAM could cause issues in 2-3 years, once new games are completely focused on next-gen(current gen in 2-3 years). This is just like how 11GB of VRAM was considered a lot when the 1080Ti came out, but today many games can use up 6-7GB of VRAM, so having that free space helps a lot. And let's not forget Raytracing, which is going to be a standard starting next-gen and many AAA devs will go all out on it, and that shit consumes a lot of VRAM. Minecraft with RTX can easily consume 9-10GBs of VRAM.
&gt; Why are Z490 boards so expensive to start off with anyway? Z490 is Intel's equivalent of X570, so it's a high-end premium line up, or well, supposed to be
I will die happily once I can play Halo 3 on PC just for a minute. And damn what a year this has been for PC gaming, like, Half Life returned, EA titles like BF3 are back on Steam, Halo 3, ODST, Reach and 4 are on PC, and even Steam at that. I love this timeline(minus the non-gaming fuckery of this bitch year)
&gt; You'll still be able to keep probably 10-20 games on there at once at least Not very likely, with the higher quality audio and textures, especially for open-world games, many AAA games will easily take up 120-150GB of space
&gt; Hopefully the storage is upgradeable. It'll have an NVMe slot, and you'll be able to put any NVMe drive into it that is approved by Sony, so yeah, it'll be upgradable, but it won't be cheap, a Gen4 NVMe 1TB Drive goes around $200 today, Sony will require higher speeds than that, add the obligatory "Sony approved" tax to it, and you'll easily spend $300-350 on a 1TB drive
GTA V PS4 Trailer lol wut?
1080p stream with compression is really not doing justice for this
The Xbox event is in July lol, they only had a Console reveal and indie showcase so far. Microsoft's AAA First party event was always meant to happen in July.
GTA V Remaster in 2021, Spider Man Miles standalone expansion, Ratchet and Clank, GT7, some childish stuff
Xbox had a indie-focused showcase(not their main event, that is in July) and everyone here bashed MS for that, but damn, this is Sony's main event, "future of gaming" and it's mostly cartoony/childish indie titles, wtf is Sony really doing now. Also, aside from R&amp;C Riftapart, nothing really looks next-gen, all of these titles would easily run on current gen consoles :/
Probably optional, and you'll most likely have to pay extra for the vertical stand. PS4/Slim/Pro had lots of advertising in Vertical position too.
Probably optional, and you'll most likely have to pay extra for the vertical stand. PS4/Slim/Pro had lots of advertising in Vertical position too.
Most likely $499 for the standard, and $449 for the Digital Edition.
Umm no, you could still judge the level design, writing, characters, consistency without giving away any spoilers.
I dont, sorry. I'm sure it'll be posted all over the TLOU2 sub tho
Life
&gt; Enermax No, just don't, ever.
I still believe is that every mode and map(for mp) should stay in the game permanently and players should get the ability to make their own playlists where they can manually select which modes and maps they want to play on. They could limit it to like one or maybe two custom playlists on the main menu and IW could still add their own, limited time playlists under/over them. Literally a WIN-WIN for everyone.
Warzone could use a Hardcore version, Meta loadouts would be non-existent, ever since trying HC in MP, that's all I play there, it's so much more fun where the shittiest possible guns are still viable.
Does that mean thermal paste will be applied correctly and no more toothpaste will be used?
I can see the controller cost $80, Sony sure does love to have non-removable batteries so you gotta pay 'em for a second one for emeregencies, but there is absolutely no way they'll ask $699 for the console, even $599 is unlikely.
You have to repurchase them, physical copies are only playable as long as the disc is inside the console.
My opinion is already settled on the game, but I'll definitely enjoy coming to TLOU2 posts for the next few days, the comments sections in them are just pure fun to watch. EDIT: Ah, the sheep squad is here. Keep it up and don't forget: buy, consume, no opinions allowed :)
First of all, we do not have any confirmed or official information regarding the production cost of the PS5 or the XSX, so the conclusions here are already just assumptions, HOWEVER, the expectation is pretty realistic, looking at past console releases and Phil Spencer openly admitting that they have Microsoft's full support, likely hinting at willing to take a loss in price in order to take lead, the PS5 will most likely launch at $499, with the Digital Edition going for $449. That would be competitive and would make it hard for MS to undercut it without taking a way too big loss. I would not rule out Sony taking a loss tho, with the lead Sony gained this generation and the surreal hype around every first-party title from Sony, they could easily regain the loss on hardware sales with game sales, so if Sony really wants to make sure and go full-on terminator mode, I can see them making the PS5 $449 with the Digital Edition going for $399. I find it not very likely though, Sony is most likely confident enough in their previously built up lead to sell the PS5 at a profit.
I really wonder how much R* paid Sony to agree to open the big PS5 "Future of Gaming" event with a fucking GTA V Remaster reveal.
Ironic
6 hours of footage with clear context is not an "unverified leak" lol I'm not happy with the direction of the story and characters. Why is it so hard for you fanboys to understand stuff as basic as differing opinions?
RE3 and Resistance are two different titles with different AppIds, listed independently on Steam and SteamDB
No one forced and still no one forces the mods to be mods on this sub or any other subs. When you **decide** to moderate a sub, people will expect you to do that and will call you out when you are not doing that. Not to mention that mods openly admitted that they are not going to moderate the sub until there are some news to talk about, which happened with the event, but they are still nowhere to be seen. The last time I mentioned the absolutely lack of moderation, which results in reposts and hilarious amount of toxicity, a mod crawled out of their cave to just reply with "lol" to my comment. It's just pathetic behaviour. It is completely fine with me if the mods don't want or don't have time to moderate the sub, but they should recruit new mods who will do the job.
It's pathetic, at the very least, players should get the option to play at 60fps at a lower resolution. Next-gen is going to be next-gen when games are still going to run at 30fps most of the time.
Pretty sure the 3090 just replaces the Titan
Especially locked in a room and all of the strangers are armed lol The first game showed that neither of them trusts anyone outside of their group, but yeah perfectly realistic that they'll tell their names and locations to armed strangers who they knew for 30 seconds, wp, Neil.
Firewatch, What remains of Edith Finch, A Plague Tale, Metro Trilogy, Control, Bioshock, Wolf Among Us, Wolfenstein, Mass Effect Trilogy, KOTOR, DA Origins, Mafia Trilogy, TT's Walking Dead Season 1, Half-Life 2, Episodes and Alyx, Fallout New Vegas, The Witcher Trilogy, Halo Trilogy+Reach... Shall I continue? SIE had great story-driven games, but there have been countless other amazing story-driven games by others.
PS Store really needs some big overhaul, it's just so bad navigating it and searching for stuff on PS4.
These are just matured "X" chips with very slightly better performance, not to mention these will most likely stand as an excuse for delaying Zen 3.
Okay, but these are huge spoilers, beginning to end: Why the story is shit: * &gt;!Joel saves Abby's life before she kills him!&lt; * &gt;!You are forced to play as Abby for ~10 hours!&lt; * &gt;!Ellie is on a big revenge tour, kills hundreds of people, but in the final fight with Abby, she has a flashback about Joel, and decides to spare Abby's life and both of them just leave on their separate ways!&lt; * &gt;!During their fight, Abby bites off two of Ellie's fingers, in one of the final scenes, Ellie finds out that Dina left her due to her violent revenge tour, so she decides to play a song on the guitar that Joel gave her, but she realizes she can't play it due to her missing fingers!&lt; Why the characters' actions are idiotic: * &gt;!Even though we had Joel and Tommy introduced as survivors who don't trust people outside their group, not easily at least, but in the game, after Joel saves Abby's life, they decide to tell their real names AND CAMP LOCATION to Abby and her armed friends in a locked room, they knew them for about 30seconds at this point!&lt; * &gt;!Turns out that Abby just simply kills everyone named "Joel" she doesn't even ask their last name or anything, she just simply kills every human called Joel!&lt; * &gt;!As I said previously, the majority of the game is about Ellie going on a revenge tour, she violently kills tons of people, but just one flashback about Joel makes her spare Abby's life!&lt; &gt; Are you judging the leaks that only show 1/10 of the game With the recent leaks, there is about 5 hours of footage online, alongside text leaks from some anonymus reviewers. Hardly 1/10 of the game. I hope my answer was satisfying.
I disagree, but these are pretty subjective, so lets just agree to disagree on this matter &gt; conflicts with a few of the leaked cutscenes I’ve seen, Can you specify which ones? I left out a few things in the spoilers.
On the first one: &gt;!Abby and Ellie have two big fights, the one you described is their first one, that happens around the middle of the game, then one I talked about is in the last hour or so!&lt; On the second one: &gt;!I agree that it *could* make sense in that context, but the problem is that Ellie still goes out of her way to violently murder anyone who is in her way to kill Abby, and even during their fight Ellie is just brutal, at least that what it looks like, and her changing her mind is just so sudden with that flashback, it feels weird/out of character, especially since the core of the story is built around Ellie hunting Abby to kill her. My issue with that personally is that there is no conclusion, no satisfication or anything that makes it feel like an ending!&lt;
The fact that this trash replaced Plunder makes the situation even worse. I could tolerate this pile of burning piece of shit if I could still play Plunder, but nah...
They can make them special without being flashy tho, look at the Cyberpunk Xbox Controller for example, outside of it's special design, it also has textured grips, which are great.
&gt; More hardware they sale mrans more gamepass sold too. They cant push software if people dont have hardware. That's the point, they don't need to sell their hardware to get more software and service sales, they already got Xbox One users and PC users who can buy Game Pass and their games. Both Sony and MS makes more money from software sales than console sales, the difference is that Sony needs to sell their console for software and service sales, MS doesn't.
Decompressing compressed textures won't require as much CPU power and can be done quickly, this means: 1. Devs can use compressed textures, resulting in smaller game sizes(relatively, not smaller compared to today's games, since compressed 4k texture is still bigger than uncompressed FHD Texture) 2. Texture pop-in due to decompression will not be noticable 3. In theory, it allows devs to have a wider variety of textures(nowadays, textures are being reused a lot of times on similar surfaces), since game size won't increase as much by adding new textures.
Costs tend to decrease post-release, but not by a lot, and it should not be expected this time around due to the SSD, since production costs of some parts of the SSD have been on the rise again.
It should be because of Backwards Compatibility, but it shouldn't as a paid remaster.
Eh, I'm factoring in a lot of things: * Xbox exclusive are no more, it's Microsoft exclusives now, so all their games will be available on PC, so that's one less audence that has no reason to get an Xbox, in the past, Halo was a big reason for PC players to get an Xbox, no more, which is a good thing, ofc. * Way more people have their library built up on the Playstation ecosystem, with Backwards Compatibility being a thing, it will be hard to win over those people * COVID-19 caused financial problems are going to make console sales at launch hard(goes for PS5 too) and many will suffer from those for 1-2 years unfortunately * XCloud will allow people to stream Xbox games to their phones or PCs at a small monthly fee, one less reason to get an Xbox for people who have good internet. Now, I'm not saying it will surely sell less than the XOne, I specified 30**+**million for a reason, but I don't think it will break 40-45 million, but it depends on how they'll price it, how many sales they'll have(Black Friday and such) and how long next-gen will last.
Divided into 4+1 categories: * People who kept themselfse leak free, loved the OG game for it's story and characters: they will go apeshit crazy and hate the game * People who read some leaks and decided to wait it out: they will hate it because they were expecting most leaks to be false, theye were hopeful, they'll be the most angry * People who didn't care much about the characters: they'll praise the gameplay, the technical side of the game, disregard discussion about the story * Fanboys, they won't care about their opinion, they'll be delusional, they'll praise the game and bash anyone that does not just because they feel obligated to love the game. They will be the most likely to insult others and will use hilarious excuses for any sort of criticism. EDIT: +1: * Haters, they never cared about the game or the characters, they just want to hate it for the sake of it, there won't be many of them, they'll just insult everyone and won't argue at all.
That is not what I said at all. Fanboys and people who just like the story are entirely different.
It comes out in 2 days, not 12, my man.
She is not LGBTQ+ as far as official or actually leaked information goes. Her being LGBTQ+ is coming from a text-only leak that had parts debunked by new footage. But then again, none of the hate is about her being LGBTQ+ or not. The hate is about the story and idiotic decisions by characters
Memes made fun out of her unrealisticly Hulk-like body, not her gender.
240fps.... yeah sure, we already know about several games that will run at 30fps on next-gen consoles, but sure, 240fps is going to happen! Why do people link so trash articles and hype themselfes up for something that will just simply not happen? The PS5 is already very powerful and will offer a lot of amazing exclusives, so why do some people still feel the need to make up blatant bullshit? GT Sport *may* get a PS5 Enhancement patch that allows it to run at 120fps@1440p or 1080p, but 240fps is not going to happen at all, especially because the vast majority of the target audience either doesn't have a TV capable of 240hz(most don't even have one capable of 120hz) or an HDMI cable capable of 240hz.
Already pre-ordered on PC, money already prepped for a new GPU, not waiting any longer than Day 1.
The update was the removal of the private video. At the time OP posted this, the Last Update date was March 3, 2020, so that Private Video was there since March 3.
Holy shit, ya'll still cry about this lol I can't believe how mad you guys got at the inability to stomp players who have a much lower skill than you.
&gt; Pointing this is not calling crying Complaining about the inability to stomp for nearly a year is crying. At first, it was criticism with valuable feedback on what to change, now, it's just crying due to it's existence. Try to enjoy the game without sweating and stomping lower skilled players, maybe you'll find this fun too.
Fun factor is not decided by my stats at the end of the match, sorry.
No, it does not lol You only sweat if you want to sweat. If you don't want to sweat, you can do that and still enjoy the game. The difference with SBMM is that you can't easily win without sweating, which is not a bad thing, without SBMM, these tryhard noobs could stomp lower skilled players and win with ease, now they actually have to try to be good, but guess what, you don't have to be at the top all the time. It is solely your decision to sweat.
If you sweat, yes. If you don't sweat, no.
Amazing, this will be in history books, a highlight for 2020
I'll bite: I will not buy the game, because I hate it after seeing leaks, and it has nothing to do with anyone's gender and sexuality. The story is stupidly subverting expectations for the sake of subverting expectations, certain characters make fatal decisions that are completely out of character, with no conclusion at the end at all and the marketing has been blatantly misleading, including completely manipulated in-game scenes. Thanks for listening to my opinion that doesnt matter. Ps: There are tons of idiots who do hate the game because of trans/gay/wuhmen, but I hate to see every negative opinion thrown into that camp of useless idiots.
This is hilarious, I gave these "wait for context" people a chance, but holy shit the more context I see, the worse this shitshow becomes.
&gt; Xbox Series X will have more overall power than the PS5 and thus be able to run in higher resolutions and at higher framerates That is a correct statement though, the CPU and GPU in the XSX is more powerful, it will be easier to push higher frame-rates at higher resolutions, than on the PS5. The SSD isn't a magical thing that replaces a CPU and a GPU, that will mostly help for Sony's 1st party games to do... well, more stuff and better stuff, but as far as multiplatform games go, the XSX is guaranteed to be the "better" version.
Looks like I mixed things up a bit: According to [this](https://www.inverse.com/gaming/cyberpunk-2077-ps5-xbox-series-x-release-date-delay) CDPR's official stance is that they are waiting for Sony to confirm their Smart Delivery-like program, which they did now, before announcing anything, but it sounds like they are going to do for the PS5 too.
After seeing through all the leaks and context for TLOU2, I would not be surprised in the slightest if a Part III would be about some shit like that.
&gt; Of course it does It does not, stop overhyping it, because you are setting up yourself for disappointment. This is basic hardware and optimization. &gt; Using your logic, multiplats won't be designed to use the extra XSeX GPU "power". You don't need to specifically design a game to use extra GPU and CPU power, as opposed to using the extra power in an SSD.
It is new in this form on consoles, that's why MS is marketing it.
It's about Sony supporting pubs who want to give PS5 versions of their games free for the owners of PS4 versions, it's a fair bet that Sony would do that for their own games too.
Lol that dude literally spent a sentence praising the addition of a fucking jump button.
It is honestly hilarious that there is a very much story driven game with big focus on characters, but reviewers can't talk about either of that.
Looks great, wish Sony would stop being arrogant and allow people to chose between different colour variations. I'll be grabbing the PS5 as soon as we get a version like this.
The devs of BM Infinite literally said it was running on XSX lol
You can use google
It's coming later, or at least ND said that.
Man, this fucking year really wants us to suffer
&gt; Joel and Ellie make The Last of Us what it is I'm feeling my original disappointment through this line. This is what that fucking idiot Druckmann doesn't understand, I wish Bruce Starley would have stayed for this game, it could have been so much better.
They said it was very close to finished and will be finished quickly, so wtf is up now?
&gt; But dont be to rash Why? Because gameplay is good? Or because graphics are good? As a disappointed streamer said it very well: Ellie and Joel are what make the Last of Us what it is. People are hating hard on it, because the story and the characters are the center of The Last of Us, and that's the part that got hilariously destroyed in Part II. I am very sure that the amount of people who play TLOU for it's gameplay or graphical quality instead of the story, is very-very low.
&gt; showing us that the Joel and Ellie scenes were actually all flashbacks Even worse: One scene, where Joel grabs Ellie from behind to tell her he won't let her do it alone, is not actually a flashback, and Joel is replaced by Jesse.
&gt; Abby deserved her revenge, she does not You what m8? Abby deserved to get revenge on Joel, because he killed her dad in order to save 14 year Ellie who was about to be killed by Abby's dad based on an assumption he had, BUT Ellie did not deserve to get revenge on Abby for killing her father figure? You make as much sense as the story in this dumpster fire.
They weren't lol, TLOU2 is exactly the kind of game mainstream "journalists" love, not to mention of their fear to lose privileges, like Press Kits, invitations, etc. Sony would be stupid to pay any of these reviewers, because they are happy to throw 9-10/10s for free.
&gt; Ellie’s revenge was all based on a lie Again: YOU WHAT M8? Regardless of Joel's actions, Ellie still looked at him as a father figure, that clearly shown in her reaction to Joel lying on the ground and beaten to death. &gt; Ellie never really had a say in anything so her choice to let Abby live is the first time Ellie makes a decision from within herself and not ‘what would Joel do’ Yeah no, especially no, because her decision to spare that piece of shit comes directly after seeing a small flashback of Joel peacfully playing the guitar. &gt; it’s a beautiful ending and it’s really the only part that was done right It's the exact opposite of beautiful.
&gt; bad press Oh please, the press people see is all the 9-10/10 reviews and articles about "muh reviewbombing" &gt; bad reputation The vast majority of people have no idea what Reddit or Metacritic is, all they see is the game flooded with outstanding reviews and people whining on Twitter. He has bad reputation among us. The game will sell like hotcakes, the opinion about it on reddit will still be negative, people will fight over each other about it, but critics threw perfect reviews at it, and that's what matters to a company. Chances, TLOU Part III is already greenlit and Cuckmann is already figuring out how he can make a story about Abby searching for Ellie to convince her to create a cure and end the story with them becoming friends or some shit like that.
CDPR themselfes decided to give next-gen versions for free to current-gen owners. No one forced them to do it.
It's a nice bubble you live in :)
Bruce Straley
Quality&gt;Quantity
I don't hate indies, but story is just a part of a game. I love the STALKER series too, but bugs, crashes, lack of polish in some areas just taint the overall experience. One thing that makes me value some Sony 1st party titles over PC exlusives is their top quality, polish in all areas of a game(design, graphics, story, gameplay etc.) But as you said, quality subjective, so agree to disagree.
PC cases that look like the XSX already exist and were a thing before XSX got revealed.
Colour and text inconsistency implies you just used a Pixel Art converter on the cover art
It'll be mediocre like all "big" Steam Sales were in the past 5-7 years.
That's going to be true for every 3rd party game that releases between 2020-2021. 3rd party devs won't fully utilize next-gen powers until they are good enough at it, this has been true for every generation. Outside of 1st party games, truly next-gen games are not really coming out until the 2nd-3rd year into the generation.
Mass Effect games are the closest thing you got to The Expanse, and they are damn amazing.
&gt; not sure why it is so controversial Because building such muscles would require continious, significant protein intake, something that is very scarce in post-apocalyptic world like TLOU's.
Terrible article with 100% guesswork with very little chances of being anywhere near close to the real specs. In reality, the Min. requirements will most likely include a Ryzen 2600/Intel i5 9400, 8GB RAM, RX570/GTX1060, while Recommended will be something along the lines of Ryzen 3600/i7 9700, 16GB RAM, RX5700/RTX 2060S/GTX1080
Digital Foundry got the exact same access to XSX at the exact same time as Austin. Are you going to accues them of being paid shills too? Thing is, Austin likes the stuff with the most power, that's why he preffered the PS4 over the XOne, and the XOneX over the PS4 Pro. But hey, if you can learn anything on reddit, it's that everyone with a different opinion is a paid shill!
*sigh* That's not enough for a body like that... Im talking about pure protein, and again, a significant amount, so unless other people were willing to starve in order to provide for Lord and Saviour Abby, its not enough, not when you consider the amount of people needed to be fed. Also, don't think that her body model got that body without steorids and other muscle building stuff.
BIOS Flashback, Ryzen 3000 ready out of the box, always up to date BIOS early on, high build quality, and guaranteed Ryen 4000 support.
Looks good so far on the Tomahawk Max with a R5 3600. Boot times are ~2-2.5 seconds faster now, my older, and tighter Memory OC(on HyperX Predator 3200Mhz) works again(became unstable with the previous BIOS Update) The Fan step-up/down time mouse issue is fixed, don't have to smash my mouse a million times anymore! Didn't notice anything else, but it's working well, with minor, but welcome changes.
r/HailCorporate
Ubi's Battle Passes have been trash so far, so no surprise there.
You sound like a Boss level Grammar Nazi
The complaints about Ellie's looks is because her character model was changed, mainly visible in flashbacks where she looks pretty different than she did in the first game at the same time.
Don't look for GSync or Freesync support, because that won't matter for the PS5. What you need to look for is VRR, aka Variable Refresh-Rate, it's essentially the same thing as Freesync, but for TVs with HDMI 2.1, and that's what you'll need, because Freesync itself is not supported by PS5(at least not confirmed by Sony, we only about Microsoft supporting it on XOneX and XSX). Important detail is that the TV has to has HDMI 2.1 connection with the PS5(plug an HDMI 2.1 cable into an HDMI 2.1 on the TV), because HDMI 2.1 is the first to support VRR.
That's Freesync, not VRR. Again, VRR is different from Freesync, and VRR requires HDMI2.1. VRR is works on PS5, Freesync does not. EDIT: Checked the Q70R's product page, it literally says FREESYNC, not VRR.
I mean, you dont really need VRR, especially for console gaming.
VRR has absolutely no effect on visuals, at all. VRR simply means that it can dynamically adjust the refresh rate of your monitor/TV to the frame-rate of the game, so in case the game has bigger(5+fps) frame-drops(rare for console games), those drops will be less noticable. You are better off by getting a 4k HDR TV.
A small correction: &gt; Sure the PS5 can only output up to 60 frames per second The PS5(and XSX) supports up to 120fps, although the amount of games running at that is not going to be a lot. DiRT5 is confirmed to have a 120fps mode on the XSX, should be the same for PS5 too. Riot Games also said that they'd target 120fps for Valorant too if they end up making next-gen console versions.
1. Use some formatting 2. How are you capable of spitting out so much bullshit in a single comment? 3. Instead of digging deeper, just accept that you have been corrected. There are no hard feelings, you are not dumb, you have been just simply corrected on a topic that you don't know much about. It's always better to understand the correction, and move on.
&gt; something that is very easy to google Oh, so that's where you made the mistake, instead of having knowledge of the topic, you decided to google the stuff, huh? Now I understand everything, "sweetie"
