Technically it's not the flag of Northern Ireland. Northern Ireland doesn't have an official flag because picking one would be too controversial. You could still say the St Patrick's saltire in the Union Flag represents NI though, despite not being its official flag.
Most of the Americas do, probably including Canada. But most the rest of the rest of the world doesn't automatically give citizenship to anyone born in their borders.
Their seats are still "reserved" for people who inherited their titles. So when a hereditary peer dies, the seat doesn't automatically go to their heir, but it will be taken by someone who inherited a lordship. Strangely enough hereditary peers in the House of Lords are actually elected by other members of the House. But you need to have been born to the right parents to be eligible.
You mean the Crown Estates? That doesn't belong to their family, that belongs to the Crown. Subtle difference, but the point is its explicitly not their private property.
So a new Tactics essentially? But probably as a "free to play" mobile game.
The Crown Estates are not the private property of the royal family. They belong to the *Crown*. If we got rid of the monarchy there would be no Crown. I don't think it necessarily follows that the former monarch would get to keep the Crown Estates, because they didn't really belong to them in the first place, they belong to the office which they no longer hold.
Not just an American thing. Same in the UK too.
I have mayo, cheese and salami every day. The salami is £1 and lasts for ages in the fridge. One pack lasts me about 2 weeks. Big block of cheese is under £4 and also lasts me about two weeks (depending on how much my partner has). I normally have that with a bag of crisps. I should eat some fruit too, especially since that's free at work. It would be nice to switch it up sometimes, but the problem is if I buy loads of different things to put in sandwiches it won't all get used up before it goes off.
Likewise, British people would say "in hospital" compared to "in the hospital" in American English. In British English it's said that way to indicate you are a patient in a hospital, not just physically inside a hospital.
The UK funds the BBC via a fee for watching TV. The fee for watching in black and white is cheaper. Does make me wonder how many of those *actually* use a black and white TV, and how many are just saying that to save money.
Acting on that "ever closer union" goal surely requires a treaty change though? And I don't see how the EU could force the UK into signing a new treaty. If it's possible for us to unilaterally revoke Article 50 they can't put conditions on it like that, otherwise it would no longer be unilateral. Plus we already have our own legislation that requires a referendum before handing more powers to the EU.
Exactly like a table of contents. You can't really skip it. You need some kind of structure to know where one file ends and the next begins. You need some kind of system for storing file names, directories, etc. Having to search the entire drive to find a file would be too slow to be useful. It could take over an hour to open a single file.
I wouldn't say definitely, it depends if enough other countries want further integration and whether or not we choose to take part in it. Although arguably we already have a multi-speed EU with things like Schengen and the Eurozone.
As I understand it, he is talking in an official capacity. It's not a final ruling, but him giving his informed opinion is part of the official process.
I think that's a fair point about people not putting second preferences down (perhaps solved by forcing a second preference?), but apart from that I don't see how it would be biased against leave. Say Parliament agreed with you that a 3 way ranked referendum is biased. So they narrow it down to 2 options, one remain option and one leave option. May's deal doesn't really have that much support, so they decide to not put that on the ballot, making it a straight vote between remain and no-deal Brexit. I don't see how that ends up any different to an AV style ranked vote. The people who would have voted for May's deal now have to vote for their second preference, just like they would have in a ranked vote. It ends up the same (assuming that Parliament did eliminate the option that would have lost on first preferences anyway).
Not really. Things made in England would typically be labelled as "British" and have a British flag. See more Scottish flags in an English supermarket than English ones (except when England's football team is playing).
Not Harvey's. Tried to buy one from Harvey's, but they failed every step of the way. In the end I cancelled my order and got one from Sofology.
&gt; But IMO there should be tax breaks for those that don't have children Tax breaks for people with no children = tax increase for people with children Children are expensive enough without the government essentially charging you for having them.
Yep, it's now a perfectly cromulent word.
The Vita is a one stop shop for the first 10 games. They are all available in some form for it. Not necessarily the best versions though. PC is good too but for some reason I and II don't have official PC versions. Obviously it's possible with emulation though.
It's interesting that Celts came to Britain from around the same part of the continent that Anglo-Saxons would later come from. Britain got taken over by them twice. Makes me wonder how closely related the Anglo Saxons were to the continental Celtic people they displaced in terms of genetics.
It was the equivalent of the modern day council tax. Right now the tax you pay to the local council is based on the value of your home. The logic being that if you have a more valuable home, you have more money so you can afford to pay more tax. But how do you decide how much a home is worth? Now we have various measures of a home's value, but back then they figured the number of windows made a good estimate of that.
You mean revoking article 50? Nope, Parliament was needed to authorise invoking it, parliament is needed to revoke it.
Well if I was a woman, no way would I sign a consent form. It wouldn't help protect me would it? It would only put me in more danger because now if I change my mind during the act he has "evidence" that I consented. Anyone who makes their sexual partners sign a consent form is probably a creepy fuck who you really shouldn't be consenting to sex with. I get that some men might be worried about false rape claims, but if you're really worried about that the best way to avoid it is to just not have sex with someone you don't trust.
There's this guy who's originally from New Zealand https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Paul_Beresford There are probably more. One thing to note is that you don't have to be a British citizen to be an MP. Irish and Commonwealth citizens are also eligible. So in theory he could still be an MP even with just New Zealand citizenship, as that's in the Commonwealth.
It's broader than that. You have to be a citizen of a Commonwealth country or Ireland. Ireland is not under the monarchy, and the majority of countries in the Commonwealth are also republics. So an Indian citizen could be an MP, provided they have indefinite leave to remain in the UK.
Yeah I think you're right, but they weren't an MP. I think Caroline Lucas is the only MP they've ever had.
Yep it's on TV quite a lot (or at least it was when I used to watch TV). A lot of the references do go over my head because they are about American celebrities who aren't well known here. But I get most of the references when they are related to movies and scripted TV shows because those are the things that usually make their way over here.
If we went down that route we should just get rid of the NHS and go to an American style insurance system, but make it possible to claim the costs back from the government if you can prove your illness is not caused by lifestyle choices. Makes more sense that way because a lot of things (maybe most) will be caused at least in part by lifestyle choices, so a large proportion of ailments wouldn't be covered. At some point you will have to draw an arbitrary line in the sand to determine who's fault it is that you got ill or injured. It also requires more administrative overhead determining fault. Doctors will need to provide evidence for why or why not the patient is at fault. In my opinion that would be a pretty stupid way to run a healthcare system.
And to be fair it's not like RP is authentic anyway. If you listen to original pronunciation Shakespeare it sounds more like a westcountry accent to my ears, which is pretty different to RP.
Yes, not direct descendants because neither of those queens had surviving children. The current Queen is a descendant of Henry VII via Margaret Tudor.
One thing that's confused me a bit about this, does the ECJ have any jurisdiction over British constitutional issues? The ECJ says it has to be revoked in the same manner in which it was triggered, and they're probably right, but is that ruling actually binding? I'd have thought it would be up to British courts to decide what the proper constitutional process is for revoking Article 50. If it came down to it, I'm sure the British courts would come to the same conclusion. But in theory if the PM wanted to revoke Article 50 without Parliamentary approval she could try her luck and argue her case that she can do that with the supreme court.
Maybe there's a line of argument that the legislation which authorised the PM to invoke Article 50 also gives her authorisation to revoke it. Although as others have pointed out even then it would probably mean Parliament would have to repeal the Withdrawal Act first. Not that it really makes any difference because there's practically no chance she would revoke article 50 unless Parliament forced her to.
You can think of it a bit like your primaries. It's not voting someone into office, it's the party's own process for deciding who they will support for an office. So only people who are "registered" with that party get a vote. Although we don't really register for parties in the same way it seems to work in the US, they are essentially just clubs you can join each with their own rules about what you need to do to join.
We do sometimes get people asking questions here about the UK and they mention Ireland as if it's part of the UK, so that's probably what they're getting at. Although in this case it makes sense because Ireland (all of it) was part of the UK for much of the time frame you're asking about. There's not much difference of who was monarch in the time frame you've mentioned. By 1500 Ireland was essentially ruled by England, so had the same monarch, and the king of Scotland inherited the English throne in 1603. So since 1500 there have only been a few Scottish monarchs which weren't also English ones. As for your actual question, British monarchs aren't really known for being nice. I can't really think of any historical events that point towards any of them being especially nice or kind. I can think of some that were seen as more tolerant towards Catholics, but that sort of tolerance typically led to losing the throne (and possibly their head). Not sure about Prime Ministers really.
It's a bit different in France. Their President actually has responsibility over political decisions alongside their PM. It's their president who does stuff like negotiating treaties for example. Ireland or Germany would be closer to what I expect Britain would be like as a republic. They both have a president, but that president is a mostly ceremonial role and doesn't actively make political decisions.
The article on the BBC about it mentioned examples about men. Things like the trope about men being useless at housework.
&gt; There are also 92 hereditary peers, who simply inherited the title from their father and will pass it on to their son. One thing to note about the hereditary peers is that their *title* is inherited, but not their seat in the House of Lords. When one of those 92 hereditary peers dies there is an election within the Lords to decide who replaces them. Only people with inherited titles are eligible to run for it (plus other requirements depending on exactly which seat it is).
Try this https://www.gov.uk/check-british-citizen If your mother was born in the UK, you probably could claim British citizenship. But if she just inherited her citizenship from your grandfather then I don't think she can pass it on to you. The UK government website is actually pretty good so it should be able to tell you what your status is by answering some simple questions.
As much as I want to stay in the EU, I also feel a little uneasy about having a do-over on the last referendum. But, if we were to have another referendum without remain as an option, we will probably end up doing something that the majority of people don't want. Whether we take the deal or not, there is a high chance that over 50% of voters would prefer to remain in the EU over what we end up doing. And that doesn't seem like a very good, democratic result to me. You end up with a larger proportion of people unhappy with our relationship with the EU than there were before this whole mess.
What if they still don't pay after being ordered to by the court?
&gt; we were already a member of the ‘Kingdom of England and Wales’ It was just called the "Kingdom of England". I don't mean to shit on Wales' nationhood, but at the time the people in power often didn't consider it to be separate from England, so they didn't add "and Wales" to the name of the kingdom. I would totally support adding Wales to the modern UK flag though. Although the cross of St David fits the theme better than the Welsh dragon.
Developers get dev kits (special versions of the console for development) long in advance of the public release. The early dev kits might not be representative of the final console, but they give developers an idea of what hardware they will be working with. For example the very first Xbox One kits were more or less standard PCs with a similar spec to the Xbox One. Developers can get an even bigger head start if they speculate on what next gen console might be like. Especially these days when console hardware is so similar to PC. If you're making a game on both console and PC, chances are your PC version can be used as a basis for a next gen console version. You just need to tweak the details to fit the console's spec.
Less sugar maybe? I've heard people from the UK mention that everything tasted really sweet in the US. Even slices of bread there are really sweet apparently. I've only been as a small child so I can't really say for myself.
Same. First and only.
We have university rankings from various different organisations, so you can get a rough idea of how good universities are from one of these https://www.thecompleteuniversityguide.co.uk/league-tables/ https://www.theguardian.com/education/ng-interactive/2018/may/29/university-league-tables-2019 https://www.timeshighereducation.com/student/best-universities/best-universities-uk They also have rankings for specific subjects. I think several of the universities you've mentioned are pretty decent. They're not in the top 10, but they have pretty good reputations. I'm a game developer and I went to Bristol, which usually ranks pretty high. What attracted me to their course was that you get to do a game as group project in the 3rd year if you do the 4 year course. A lot of universities do game development courses, but be a bit wary of them. A lot of them aren't particularly great. I've worked with a few people who did them and the general opinion seems to be that they don't do a great job of preparing you for the job. Sticking to Computer Science or something similar is a safer bet, plus it will be easier to go into something other than game development if you change your mind.
I wouldn't mind. I feel a bit differently about it than I do about Scottish independence (I'm English for context). I would feel a bit sad I suppose if Great Britain split up into separate states. But I wouldn't feel the same about Northern Ireland leaving the UK. I mean the rest of Ireland already left so it would just be completing that process really.
Yes, that.
&gt; There’s no squeeze or bridge days, but since Christmas/new year’s are the only bank holidays not already attached to a weekend, and they tend to be part of people’s leave taking period it’s not a huge issue most of the time. To add to this, companies are allowed to force their employees to use holiday leave on certain days. The company I work for shuts down between Christmas and New Year so everyone has to take the 3 days between them off, and that comes out of our holiday allowance.
If the other country wants them, sure. The two countries would probably draw up some kind of treaty saying they will merge, or that one will become part of the other. Realistically it would be difficult for a government to do that without most of the people wanting it, but if they are onboard with the idea no reason it can't happen. This has happened many times before. The most recent example was when Germany re-united with the German Democratic Republic (East Germany) becoming part of the Federal Republic of Germany ("West" Germany).
As I understand it, their peerages are still transferred to their children. But them actually gaining a seat in the House of Lords depends on them winning an election like this one.
I think you'd have to live here for a few years before you can claim UK citizenship and get a UK passport. But you don't need one. Being an Irish citizen with an Irish passport is just as good.
Unlikely. There are separate laws allowing Irish citizens to live in the UK that have nothing to do with the EU. There's no particular reason Brexit should change them.
It's theoretically possible to do that. A big company like Google could spend billions of dollars building their own infrastructure across the world to make a separate Internet. But then they have to convince both consumers and companies to switch over to using their Internet. But why would anyone do that when it's inevitably going to have less stuff on it, at least at first? To make it more useful chances are someone would provide a service allowing you to access the regular Internet from the Google Internet. And if someone does that, well now it's just one big Internet really.
Never heard of it. Bear in mind that there are barely any people from Latin America in the UK. The main hispanic community we have would be people from Spain, and even they only make up a small percentage of the UK population. So a lot of stuff that is popular in the US via Latin American communities doesn't catch on here.
I'm a bit biased because I have a career in making in-house game engines, so I'm glad not every company uses an off the shelf engine. Square Enix is in theory a big enough company for it to be worth having their own engine. But it does seem they haven't had much success with it, given that each iteration of their engine has only been used for one game at a time and each of those games has been plagued with development issues. So maybe it is time they give up and use UE4 for all their big projects? But it's hard to make a judgement on that without knowing more specifics. For all we know they've been improving their engine for the last couple of years and maybe it's actually pretty decent by now. It also depends on what they want to do for their next game and whether UE4 would be suitable for that. For example how easy is it to make big open worlds with UE4? It's historically not something Unreal has excelled at, but I don't know what it's like these days.
&gt; Then if they wanted to focus on creating new engine for their 'dream' FFXVI..then focus on that engine first..stabilize the heck out of it, then announce the fucking game. DO NOT ANNOUNCE the game alongside the new 'unstable' engine. The thing is you have to develop an engine alongside a game really. If you try to make an engine in isolation, then make a game with it afterwards, it's inevitable that it will be missing features it turns out you actually need, or it won't scale well to full game development. It needs an actual game being developed alongside it so you know how well it's actually working. But yeah, Square Enix does have a tendency to announce things way too early. Maybe they should announce XVI when it's a decent way through development rather than years before full production has even started.
Apparently two cousins having a child doesn't itself increase the chances of abnormalities by much. The problem is when it's done multiple generations in a row.
Looks like it might be split up by police force areas. England and Wales have many separate police jurisdictions, but Scotland and NI have just one police force each.
At the end of WW2 Germany was invaded and occupied by the USA, UK, France and the USSR. They split the country into zones occupied by each country, but also split Berlin, which was within the USSR's zone. The UK, USA and France were close allies, so their parts of Germany became a single country. But the USSR's part became the separate East Germany. This effectively made west Berlin and exclave of West Germany, entirely contained within East Germany. It wasn't great living in East Germany. Communism made them poor and they didn't have much freedom. So a lot of people escaped to West Berlin. East Germany decided to try to stop people escaping by building a wall around the entirety of West Berlin and strictly controlling entry points to it. So now people in West Berlin were blocked in, and could only get in and out by plane. Eventually East Germany agreed to tear down the wall (kind of, it was a sort of miscommunication that led to it). Soon after East Germany became part of West Germany, becoming the Germany we have today.
&gt; why wouldnt they just escape to west germany, instead to west berlin? I assume there were border controls they wouldn't be able to get through. &gt; and the people in west berlin were totally free to leave west berlin to go to west germany? or where they kinda trapped? You could get out of West Berlin to West Germany by plane I think, but it was physically separated so there was no route out by road.
I'd consider a settlement of 10,000 to be a small town or maybe a large village. One thing I've noticed is that settlements of ~30,000 or so seems to be generally considered a city (albeit a small one) in the US, but in the UK that would usually be considered a town. There are some exceptions because there are some small places in the UK which are officially cities, but even then I think people only think of them as only "technically" being cities.
The food is cheap and it takes less staff to run it because customers serve the food themselves. Chances are the majority of customers won't eat so much food that it costs the restaurant more than the customer has paid. They also make a profit on drinks.
This might already be true to some extent now, but I think there should be more computer science/programming taught in compulsory lessons, starting from primary school. I think primary school children are capable of understanding the basic principles and there are plenty of child-friendly programming languages out there, typically visual ones where you connect place boxes rather than typing out commands. It doesn't necessarily have to be a distinct subject (particularly in primary school), maybe something they do in maths lessons every now and then.
How is calculus relevant to real life? How often do you have to integrate equations in real life unless you have a maths based job? Fundamentally programming is just solving problems by breaking them down into individual steps. That's a skill that's relevant to lots of stuff in real life. The basics of programming goes beyond "hello world". Conditions, loops, that kind of stuff gives you practice in logical thinking. Edit - to be clear, I'm not saying calculus, or quadratic equations or whatever are useless. There are lots of jobs that use them, and learning them gives you transferable skills. My point is the same is true of programming.
I did it at GCSE I think. Might be misremembering. There was definitely quadratic equations. I'd say that's rarely directly relevant to "real life". Most people also don't have a need for trigonometry for example.
Where's "somewhere"? No other country is going to want to take them.
I think of Great Britain as the name of the island. Or in some contexts, shorthand for England, Scotland and Wales (because of course they include small islands which are strictly speaking not part of the island of Great Britain). I would normally assume "Britain" refers to the entire UK. Maybe that's not technically correct, but more often than not people don't mean to exclude Northern Ireland when they say it. For example if the PM says something like "I'll do what's best for Britain" they are probably not intentionally excluding Northern Ireland.
C++ is a "high level" language. The CPU doesn't directly understand C++, it has to be converted into machine code. That's what the compiler does. The PS2 and the Xbox use different machine code. They "speak different languages" in a sense. Some C++ compiled for the PS2 just won't make sense to an Xbox. That's one reason. Another is that the hardware is just different. For example the PS2 game might have code that uses the PS2's special co-processors, but they just don't exist on Xbox. For some things they might have equivalent hardware (e.g. they both have GPUs, they both have controller ports, etc), but it just works differently so code written for one won't work on the other. Then there's the OS. A modern PS4 and Xbox One are actually very similar on the hardware level. They have more or less the same CPU, which understands the same machine code, and most of the rest of the hardware is also very similar. But a PS4 game still won't work on an Xbox One. The Operating System (or System Software as its often called on consoles) provides a lot of features that games use. Using the hardware goes via the OS using an Application Programmer's Interface (API). The two consoles have different APIs for things like playing sounds or drawing graphics, so a game written for one won't work on the other.
I'd like there to be an option to remain. So maybe a 3-way preferential vote between taking the deal, leaving with no deal and remaining. That runs the risk of no deal winning, so maybe that option should be removed and having it as straight take the deal or remain. That would make a lot of brexiters even angrier though because the way they see it there's no option for a clean break from the EU (even though May's deal does actually keep that option open eventually). However, as much as I'd *like* there to be a remain option, I'm not sure it's really *right* that there should be. We have already voted on that, and the electorate voted against that option. So if there were no remain option, maybe there should be an EFTA/EEA style option in it's place. Not sure how practical that is though, because we haven't actually negotiated that deal, and it's not clear how that solves the Northern Ireland border issue. It shouldn't really be on the ballot if it's not a clearly defined option (but then again by the same argument, maybe no-deal shouldn't be on there either).
To counter my own point though, if we exclude remain from a future referendum we might end up in a situation where the majority of people would prefer to remain than to leave in whatever form gets chosen. And that doesn't seem like a good result at all.
One of the main things about the Final Fantasy games is that they don't follow a continuous story, so there's no need to have played any of the previous games. That said, FFXV isn't really standalone because you should watch the Kingsglaive movie first.
Replay XV and see all the new content (including DLC) that has been added since 2016. I'll probably do a new game+ so it will be quicker.
It's a bit of an exaggeration to say you have to rewrite the *entire* engine, but you do have to rewrite significant parts of it. So yes, it's normally not worth the cost of developing a Mac version considering how small the market is. There's also the cost of testing another version of the game.
One drawback is that it pretty much guarantees that the compromise option, May's deal, will be eliminated. Other people are saying the opposite because they've missed the fact that the option which loses on first preferences is eliminated, and at that point it's irrelevant how many people put it as their second choice. May's deal would inevitably be eliminated. Then it will be a straight shoot between remain and no deal once the May's deal votes have been redistributed. The second choices for remain and no deal voters will never come into play. Other counting methods could make the deal much more likely to win, such as approval or score voting. But that shows the inherent problem with multiple choice referendums, there isn't necessarily a clear answer for which deserves to win even once you've ask people which options they prefer.
One option is Condorcet voting. Voters would rank each option from 1 to 3 (or just a 1st and 2nd preference), and then the votes are counted as if it was 3 referendums, each pitting one option against another. If an option wins 2 of those votes, it wins overall. The big problem is it's not guaranteed to produce a winner. It could come out as Remain winning over No Deal, No Deal winning over the Deal, and the Deal winning over Remain. So there would also need to be a fallback way of picking a winner if that happens. More likely it would just be two questions. That's the most tried and tested way of running referendums with more than 2 outcomes. My problem with that is that it introduces the need for tactical voting, and that the order in which the questions are asked affects the result. Asking "Leave or remain?" then "If leave, deal or no deal?" could end up with a different result to "deal or no deal?" then "If no deal, leave or remain?".
Unfortunately not. I understand why the extra content is DLC (makes it easier to manage than having the Royal Edition count as a different game), but it's a shame that the DLC license isn't tied to the disc. I'm not sure if such a thing is currently possible on PS4, although I'm sure Sony could make it possible if a publisher requested it.
And they were all worth more than a current day 1p coin.
Never seen one in person. Are they a London thing? Edit - well the one in the post is from Northern Ireland, so that would explain why I've never seen one of those.
It would be up to the Scottish government. I believe the SNP has pro and anti monarchy factions, but their primary focus is gaining independence. So they would probably propose Scotland retains the monarchy at first because that's the path of less resistance. Then once independence has been achieved they can look at the role of the monarchy further down the line.
Academies still count as state schools. They are funded by the state and not for profit. They're just run by trusts rather than the local council.
Yeah, it would not be simple due to gameplay differences. Either they make new versions with updated graphics, but identical gameplay to the originals, or they take one of the existing remakes and reskin them with NES/SNES style graphics.
The point is that one option (probably May's deal) will be elimated based on first preferences, even though the majority of people might prefer it to whichever option does win.
It's still possible for the majority of people to prefer the eliminated option over the winner. Say 10% choose the deal as 1st pref, then 45% each for remain/no deal. For the sake of argument lets say that 90% of people who voted remain or no deal picked the deal as their second preference. Then say remain wins. You then have 55% of people who would have preferred to take the deal over that.
Plus we use the First Past the Post voting system. Politicians are more directly accountable in the UK though. A lot of the decisions for the EU are made more indirectly, via the appointed Commission. I wouldn't say the Commission is undemocratic, ultimately they are appointed by people who have been elected (heads of government of the member states) and approved by the elected parliament. I'm just saying it's less direct. There isn't an obvious person to blame/praise for particular decisions.
So not a full blown remake like VII, still 2D backgrounds just improved? That would be cool, but there's no particular reason to use Unreal for that. Unity or any number of engines could do it just as well.
Brit here, I find it weird too.
I don't think even Brits go out with the intent of being paralyticly drunk. The problem is a lot of Brits aim for the level of drunkenness that's only one small step behind that, and it's very easy to go over.
With normal online multiplayer, not everything suffers from lag. For example you can move the camera around without needing to wait for the server to respond, so it can be smooth and responsive even with a poor connection. And for other stuff like other player's movement, your console can try to compensate for lag by predicting their movement (e.g. if a player is running forward, it can predict where they will be if it assumes they are stilling running in the same direction). That won't be possible with Stadia. Your device isn't doing any of the game's movement logic, it's just receiving a video. So even for stuff like moving the camera, it will always lag behind your inputs by however many milliseconds it takes for your input data to get to the server and to receive video data in respsonse.
Well it can't generate any frames locally if that's what you mean. The whole point of Stadia is that it doesn't do that. There's only so much that's possible to predict. For example for you moving the camera round it can't predict when you're going to change your direction, so that's always going to lag behind what your inputs.
Which platform? On PS4, it's possible to downgrade FFXV to the version before Comrades was made standalone and get the trophies by playing with AI. It seems a bit involved though, you need to trick the console into downloading the old version. https://forum.psnprofiles.com/topic/68912-how-to-get-comrades-trophies-after-update-127/ Don't know if you can do something similar on other platforms though.
Which country? If it's Norway, Iceland, Liechtenstein or Switzerland then you have the same residency rights as an EU citizen. Otherwise it probably won't help you much.
Northern Ireland "not having a government" isn't as bad as it sounds. It still has a government, the UK government. They can ensure things in Northern Ireland keep ticking over in the absence of Northern Ireland's own government. One of the quirks of the Northern Irish government is that by law it *has* to be a coalition between Nationalists (people who favour joining Ireland) and Unionists (people who favour staying in the UK)\*, even if one of those groupings has a majority in the Assembly. Those two groups of people were trying to kill each other a little over 20 years ago, so it's not surprising they find it difficult to work together. \* Technically there is a 3rd group called "Other", but the coalition must be between the two largest groups and it's unlikely "Other" will overtake the Nationalists or Unionists.
Granted, but voters turn against them for collaborating with the other side, allowing more extreme parties to fill the political vacuum and overtake both parties.
I think Avengers and the FFVII remake are going to the main things they show off. Hopefully they announce a couple of smaller projects too, even if they aren't FF related.
Would you apply the same to straight people? Should no one ever mention the gender of their significant other at work? Should all small talk be banned in case someone mentions their relationships?
Well if you can't stop thinking about gay sex, then you have some serious issues. It's not about knowing what the word means. It's not their fault your mind is preoccupied with one specific part of that definition. Being gay isn't just about having sex. That's just one aspect of relationships. You also know what "heterosexual" means and presumably you are able to know someone is heterosexual without getting the image of them having sex stuck in your head.
Ok, well I guess you better stay inside and never talk to anyone then.
I'm a fairly high earner but I never seem to have any money because my wife isn't working at the moment. Sometimes it does seem unfair that a couple with the same houshold income, but split between two would be significantly better off than me. But on the flip side, I'm probably not adding as much value to the economy/society as two people on half my salary would be, so maybe it is reasonable for me to pay more tax.
They could continue to use automatic tests. But if the tests flag up objectionable content, the video would only be demonetised if it doesn't have the correct tags. E.g. if it detects some "fuck"s, it would only demonetise it if the creator has not declared that it contains swearing. So it's not automatically determining which category it fits into, but instead it's automatically testing against the criteria for the category the creator has given it.
Surely there are some advertisers that don't mind? I imagine Rockstar wouldn't mind advertising GTA on videos that have swearing. Adult oriented videos would probably make less money from ads, but it seems silly to me for Youtube to have a blanket rule that *no* adult oriented content is allowed to have ad money, even if some advertisers wouldn't mind.
Not sure why you're not counting West Midlands county. In terms of administration how does it differ from say how Greater Manchester? They do both have elected mayors. Although I suppose there is a significant non-urban area between Coventry and the rest of it. So I guess my answer would be "Greater Birmingham" which would be West Midlands county minus Coventry.
You say you pronounce Tongue as "Tong", but your "Tong" is probably a bit closer to how I'd pronounce "Tung" because of the difference between how British and American accents pronounce the letter o. It's a bit difficult getting pronunciation across in text unless you learn IPA.
I suspect interconnected regions. Which would make sense considering how the original was designed. So after Midgar you'd travel along a path to Kalm, which has a bit of surrounding countryside (maybe they'll add a dungeon or something too). Then there's a path to the Chocobo Farm region, then a swamp region where the Midgar Zolom is, etc.
This is good. It means it's not a port of a mobile version. I'm all for it coming to mobile afterwards, but the fact it isn't coming to them first hopefully means it will be designed around PC/Console rather than having a UI designed for mobile awkwardly transplanted to other platforms.
Depends what you mean by "episodic". Each "episode" is supposedly going to be a full game's worth of content. The first one is an expanded Midgar.
I doubt it will be a second disc in the same way it was on the PS1. It will probably be like RDR2 where there is an install disc and a "play" disc (which will also contain install data, but it's the one you need in the console to play). So there won't be disc switching where part of the game's content is on one and some on the other.
No, it's about national identity, history and culture. Unionists tend to consider themselves British and are mainly descended from settlers from Great Britain. Nationalists are mainly native Irish. Religious affiliation is something that comes part and parcel of those two different identities. It's not about the actual theological differences between Protestants and Catholics. And there is a linguistic difference in a way. Even if most don't speak it, the Irish language is an important part of Irish identity. For Northern Irish Unionists it's not, and instead they have the Ulster Scots language/dialect.
I don't think this would make sense from a business point of view. If each one is going to be a full game's worth of content, that's a lot of games. Even if they made them all very quickly you're looking at least a decade before they're all out. That would be a big commitment for Square Enix. And I think the public would get bored of very similar games coming out every year or so. So they'd have to mix up the gameplay, refresh the graphics between releases. Which would make it extremely difficult to make them that quickly. More likely it will be a trilogy, and that the other parts of the story won't be expanded anywhere near as much as the Midgar section.
It's unlikely this would have happened for the AV referendum if that had passed. It was much more specific. There might have been a few implementation details to work out, but no big political decisions. Whatever the outcome of Brexit, we should learn not to have simple referendums on such open ended issues. They should be planned as two stages from the beginning. If the first stage passes then Parliament starts making a specific plan for implementing the result. Then once a plan is agreed by Parliament, the people are then asked to approve that plan. This requires Parliament to make plans in good faith. Otherwise they'd come up with a shit plan they know no one will like. So another stipulation should be that Parliament has a majority in favour of the change before the first referendum.
I agree to some extent about FFVII. I'd prefer FFXVI over the VII remake. But I have no problem with remasters for the older games. I think it's good that they are keeping them available on current platforms. Most of this work it outsourced and relatively cheap to do, so it's not taking resources away from other games. I do wish they would take more care with some of them though and not dump them on PC/console with a UI that's clearly designed for mobile.
That's a valid point of view. It's a bit like the Hobbit movies. That was one book split into 3 movies. Each was a "full movie" in the sense of being more than 2 hours long. But each one didn't tell a full story. So it's arguable whether they were really "full movies". I think it comes down to whether the expanded story content is good or not. If it's good and really adds to the story I don't mind that the original plot is being split between multiple games. The original did have multiple "acts" with a clear start and end, even if they don't resolve the plot as a whole. But if it's rubbish filler (like the Hobbit) then it would be better to trim it down and release the entire original plot as a single game. If they decided to combine it all, including all the expanded story, into a single 200 hour long game it would be a bit excessive.
I think it would be asking too much for a $60 game with 200 hours of high quality, fully animated and voiced story content, set across many varied environments. Realistically that's not going to happen. But we'll have to wait and see if all the extra stuff they've added is worth it or if it's just filler.
Good points. I suppose you're right that there isn't really an antagonist for this part. And I share your concern that the expanded content might just be filler. Early impressions are good, and they say it doesn't feel like filler, but only a small slice had been demoed.
This makes no sense. The first part alone is on 2 Blu-ray discs.
I see what you mean. Personally I don't mind the original story being split up into multiple games, as long as they are sufficiently expanded with good content. But it is misleading calling the game coming out in March "Final Fantasy VII Remake" when actually only the first part of the original has been remade.
It depends if the PS5 will have higher capacity discs. It's likely the next parts will be PS5 games.
Ah sorry, I completely missed that. Now I feel like an idiot.
The season pass has more story content because it has the episodes (except Episode Ardyn). The content in the Royal Pack is more gameplay/sidequest stuff. So ideally both, but if you're doing that it may work out cheaper if you buy the Royal Edition which has both of them plus the base game.
It's expected that most people won't finish paying it off. It's effectively more like a graduate tax that's payable for 30 years. Except rich people can get out of it. So actually its just like any other tax.
You will have everything in one place because PS5 is already confirmed to be backwards compatible with PS4 games. And I wonder if it will be possible for PS4 games to be enhanced on PS5, so maybe part 1 will get a patch enabling higher resolution/framerate at some point.
I imagine that's what a Final Fantasy VI Lucas Arts style point and click game would look like.
I doubt they'd do it as a marketing tactic. Having a second disc is a significant additional production cost, I'm sure if they were doing it for the sake of marketing that money would be better spent on actual marketing. Anyway, the amount of storage space it takes up isn't directly linked to the "size" of the game. Knowing Square Enix a lot of that space will be taken up by FMV, possibly in 4K for the sake of PS4 Pro owners.
Audio cassettes don't use binary, they're analog. Binary data can be stored on them, but the standard audio format for them is analog.
I think the perception here can be similar. We know about the top US universities, Harvard, Yale, MIT and so on, and assume anywhere else is crap. US students struggling at UK universities might be down to differences in how universities here work. In UK universities you typically study a single subject right from the start (except maybe a couple of classes), so what gets taught will be pretty in depth. Whereas in the US you study a whole range of subjects in your first year or two. Is that right? So a UK student going to a US university might struggle if they have to do classes outside their usual field of study.
I'm not sure I like "formal" side quests. What I mean is that the older games had side quests, but they didn't have NPCs with quest markers and a checklist of tasks like XV does. On the one hand having quest markers makes it easier to keep track of what there is to do, but it also takes out the joy of discovering things for yourself (or looking on the Internet). It made them feel more like secrets as opposed to being literally signposted. I guess it's unlikely to go back to the way it used to be though. I think it would be much harder to find quest locations in modern 3D, open world environments, so you kind of need markers otherwise it would take ages to find anything.
You mean the ones in Hong Kong? That is in China, but it's a Special Administrative Region where there is a much more open press and more freedom of speech than the rest of China (this is due to it being a former British colony that was handed over to China in the 90s). The reason they're protesting is the worry that the Chinese government is taking those freedoms away.
Atlantropa. It was a real-life German plan to fill the Mediterranean to create more land. I'm not familiar with the Man in the High Castle books, but if I remember correctly it's mentioned in the TV series as something planned but not yet implemented. Maybe in the books they actually do it.
I agree it doesn't need a remake, but I'd love a "definitive" remaster. Ditch the "updated" graphics of the PC/mobile version and either use the original sprites, or update them in the style of the PSP version of IV (even better, do both and allow the player to switch between them). Keep all the extra content from the GBA versions. Use the music from the SNES version. Add extra quality of life things like widescreen support and save states. Release it on everything.
I remember the "cheese weapon" rumours. It was something like you could go to the moon and there was a Weapon made of cheese there.
It's how Red Dead Redemption 2 works, so I assume it would work the same for other games.
It actually takes a lot of energy to fly a rocket into the sun. The Earth is moving around the sun at about 65,000 mph. That means you need enough fuel to accelerate your rocket about to about 65,000 mph in the other direction to allow it to stop orbiting the sun and fall into it.
It's allowed with headphones on. Not sure if we have a formal rule against playing it out loud, but I think if anyone did it wouldn't take long for someone to tell them to turn it off.
This should answer it: https://www.gov.uk/british-citizenship I suspect you are eligible based on what you've said.
I'd vote for PSP versions of I to IV. Although for III the PC or mobile versions are pretty much the same. You could also go with the PC/mobile version of IV if you prefer the 3D remake (the PSP one is 2D). General consensus on V and VI seems to be that the GBA ones are best, but not without some flaws. The PC/mobile versions are also a maybe if you don't mind the new art style. VII to XII, I'd say there's not much between the PC, PS4 and Switch versions, so it comes down to which of those platforms you prefer. This is assuming you wait for the VIII remaster.
&gt; XV: Anything BUT the portable version. Get 'Royal edition' as it is more complete than other versions, but not gonna lie, don't think the game is actually done yet. It's as done as it's ever going to be. All the other DLC they had planned was cancelled.
As are all PS4 games. The quote from Matsuda doesn't confirm there will be a PS5 version, just that it will be playable on one. Although I suspect at least some parts will be PS5 games considering they will release a significant amount of time after the PS5 does.
&gt; So let me ask you in return, in Scotland, how does your employer know how much to withhold every pay check? Funny thing is I live in the UK (specifically England, but its the same basic system used across the UK just with different rates) and I don't really even know the details. You don't have to, it's worked out for you. As I understand it, when you start a job you tell your employer some basic details (whether you're married, paying a student loan, etc), they send that information to HMRC (UK equivalent of the IRS), and they assign you a tax code which tells your employer how much tax you need to pay. There can be some deductions on top of that, but they're typically workplace schemes such as pensions, so your employer knows about them. In more complex cases such as if you have extra sources of income you would have to do your own taxes.
I think you don't have to declare it if it's under a certain amount. Most people won't exceed that. I have some savings which I get a bit of interest on, but it's small enough to not have to pay taxes on it. Edit - there's also an allowance for capital gains, so your average person can sell personal posessions without worrying about it.
&gt; Gender pay gap defined as due solely to discrimination. Excluding job choice, hours worked, willing to relocate, child leave, field choice. There's your problem. You're using a completely different definition to the government and media. The standard definition includes all of those factors you have excluded. It's illegal to pay women less simply for being women, which is why companies don't do it en masse.
PSP, because the DS version has stuff that's now unobtainable due to the online service being shut off.
They're not going to come out all at once though. It's probably going to be 3 games, each released about 2 years apart. Lots of people will be willing to spend $60 at 2 year intervals.
But it's definitely not going to be 30. 5 at the absolute most, but I doubt it will be that many. 3 or 4 is most likely.
If each game is only 10 hours long, yeah that wouldn't be good. But they're claiming that each one will be a "full game", so I assume that means around 40 hours for the story, and 60+ hours with sidequests.
It's just how our accents are. Most of us anyway, some British accents don't have this feature. To us that's just what an R sounds like when coming after a vowel. It's called a non-rhotic accent.
It has them included as download codes. So lending the disc to someone won't include them.
The whole first game is Midgar. I assume you'll need both discs installed to play it (that's how other multi disc PS4 games work), and you won't need to switch discs part way through like you did on the PS1.
I think it's likely immigration laws would change under an independent Scottish government. The SNP are likely to remain in power for at least a few years after independence, and they are more pro-immigration than the current UK government. And if they do lose power, it's probably not going to be to the Conservatives, or whatever right wing parties exist post-independence. I'd expect immigration restrictions to be loosened, but that might not last forever. If Scotland sees a high level of immigration then anti-immigration sentiment may rise, leading to them being tightened again.
We should have one every year until either one option wins 3 times in a row, or one of them wins with a 2/3 majority.
Tearooms still exist, but I think of them as places little old ladies would go to. I don't know exactly why coffee shops are so popular now, but I'd guess American media has something to do with it. For example Friends was massively popular.
From the link I gave you: "The gender pay gap does not show differences in pay for comparable jobs." &gt; I genuinely think a huge percentage of under 40s have been lead to believe that women are being paid less. Perhaps, possibly because like you they have misunderstood what the term "gender pay gap" means. I'm not really trying to defend the government's choice of wording, just explaining how they define it.
Ok well for future reference, when you say things like "the gender pay gap isn't real", it just makes it sound like you either don't know what it is, or you're being intentionally misleading.
The way history was taught when I was at school (15-20 years ago) was that each year you'd only study 2 or 3 topics per year and look at them in depth. British history is so vast, with loads of stuff going on in the colonial period alone, there isn't time to cover everything, or even a significant proportion of it. So sometimes there are large gaps in people's knowledge unless they read up on it themselves.
On the number of playable characters, this has at least 4 (Cloud, Tifa, Aerith, Barret), and hopefully 5 because Red XIII should be in it too. FFXV only had 4 (although you could argue it was only really 1 initially). X-2 only had 3. XIII-2 only had 2 (3 if you count Mog). VIII, XII and XIII had 6 which is only one or two more than this will. I don't think the number of party members makes this "not a full game".
RDR2 is massive, but none of the individual towns/cities are particularly big really. If Midgar is significantly expanded, even though it's just one city it could have a pretty large game world. And remember Midgar was supposedly originally different towns that merged together. So the different sectors can be somewhat unique. Plus Rockstar has more money than god. Square Enix is a big company, but I doubt it has the budget to match RDR2.
It's seen as part of England's origin story. England existed before that, but it was the Norman invasion that really put it on the path to being what it is today. It massively changed the language, gave us many of the institutions we have today. So I don't think people particularly view it as either positive or negative. It's just what happened, and what formed the country we live in. I assume people from the other parts of the UK feel differently about it. They weren't directly involved, but it had consequences for them due to the subsequent Norman conquests of the next few centuries.
Well it's not their private property. It belongs to "the Crown". Ownership is tied to being the monarch of the UK. If there no longer was a monarch, I don't think it's a given that it would revert to being the private property of the former royal family. It could become the property of whatever legal entity replaces the monarchy. Or maybe not. Who knows. If we do ever decide to get rid of the monarchy no doubt there will be a lengthy legal process to sort these things out.
I find it interesting that the term originated due to the pereception of them siding with Irish rebels, yet today they're one of the main parties outside of NI that opposes Irish nationalism.
True. It's interesting that people from Ireland came and colonised parts of Scotland, only for the reverse to happen a thousand or so years later. Also I'm sure people from the Unionist community in Northern Ireland have some native Irish ancestors within the last few centuries, even if they don't identify as such themselves.
That's not really what happened in Scotland. Scotland was already largely Scots speaking (a sister language of English) before the union with England. Not sure if there was any active suppression of Scottish Gaelic, but if there was I'm sure the non-Gaelic speaking Scots would share some of the blame for it.
It wouldn't make much sense to call the country "Great Britain" if it's just England. Maybe it would be called that if Wales stayed, but even that would be a bit weird considering its territory would be back to the same as the pre-union Kingdom of England. I think if NI, Scotland and Wales all left the UK, the "UK" would probably be renamed "England", with all British citizens becoming "English citizens" if they so wish (in addition to gaining whatever new citizenship they qualify for).
Ah ok, makes sense now.
Kind of stating the obvious. Of course remain will be the most popular option when compared to many different Brexit options. That poll could easily be spun the other way because it says 57% want to leave the EU in some form or another. Edit - as expected https://www.dailymail.co.uk/news/article-7182805/Poll-finds-57-cent-voters-believe-Britain-leave-EU.html
There are plenty of voting systems that could work, we don't need to invent a new one. Although I think the main problem with 3+ option referendums is that the result is determined by the choice of voting system. The result could be vastly different depending on how the question is asked and how the result is counted.
I agree. I think if we have a referendum we should not include any options which are too open ended or just not possible. No-deal shouldn't be on it, because realistically if we leave with no deal, we're just going to have to make a deal after the fact. Likewise any hypothetical deals the EU hasn't agreed to shouldn't be on it. The only options should be remain, and options which involve passing the Withdrawal Agreement. So maybe soft/hard Brexit options which would shape the Political Declaration that goes alongside the Withdrawal Agreement. That will piss off most Brexit voters, but like you say government policy shouldn't be based on unicorn believers.
I think it could be down to the difference between asking "what do you think should happen now?" and "how would you vote if there was another referendum?". There are probably some people who would vote remain if there was another referendum, but at the same time believe that the result of the previous referendum should be implemented.
Yes but with AV that would be irrelevant if SM/CU gets eliminated in the first or second round of counting. If remain is one of the final two options, the second preferences of people who put remain first will never come into play. It's one of the problems with AV in this case. The compromise options are almost certain to lose because so few people will put them as their first preference.
Who's saying the Mail is unbiased? I'm certainly not. I'm using it as an example of pro-Brexit bias, as opposed to the pro-Remain bias of the New European. These poll results can be interpreted to promote either agenda.
I wonder if it's a mistranslation or cultural misunderstanding. Hello Kitty is obviously an anthropomorphised cat. A cat with human-like characteristics. But maybe the creator looks at that the other way round and thinks of her as a cat-like human instead. Maybe someone should ask them if they consider Mickey Mouse to be a human-like mouse or a mouse-like human.
The Lords could do with reform, but given their limited power, I think the way the Commons is elected is a much bigger problem.
Video is blocked for me. What happens in it?
There's also the issue of development time. If they remade all of the original's environments for a single game, then it would probably be a few more years before anything came out.
Just have to hope they don't change their mind on electoral reform if they find themselves benefiting from FPTP.
It doesn't have multiple currencies, they are all British Pound Sterling. Same currency, different notes. There used to be many banks throughout the UK that issued "promissory notes". They were basically notes promising that the issuing bank is holding that many pounds on behalf of the owner of that note. Then the Bank of England took over that role, and no new licenses to issue notes were given out. Over time all the licenses for commercial banks in England and Wales were cancelled, leaving the BoE as the sole body that issued notes. But that didn't happen in Scotland and Northern Ireland. Banks in those nations kept their licenses. Partly because people liked having their own unique Scottish/Northern Irish notes and didn't want Bank of England ones. The way these banks operate is that in their vaults they have Bank of England notes worth millions of pounds (e.g. a "titan" note is worth £100m), and all the notes they issue must be backed by these special BoE notes. As for territories, it's just whatever makes sense for them. Some decided to have their own pounds pegged 1 to 1 with British pounds, others decided to use US Dollars presumably due to their proximity to the US.
Well put it this way, the entire UK uses the currency abbreviated as GBP. There's no "SP" or "NIP", it's all GBP. I guess in a more general sense you could say they are a different currency if you want. But by that logic British coins would be a different currency because they are issued by the Royal Mint, not the Bank of England.
Except the royal pack which expands the final dungeon and adds a few other things througout the game. That is integrated and a decent improvement in my opinion.
The owners of Lego bought a majority stake in Merlin, who operate Lego Land among other attractions.
If you count colonial possessions then it must be the UK which has lost the largest percentage of its territory. Although I feel that is different to losing territory which is a core part of a country.
I support a federal-like system in principle, but it's not a silver bullet and every federal model for the UK has drawbacks. It's an interesting thing to think about, but I don't see it happening any time soon.
Who thought they wouldn't? I mean it would be pretty silly to isolate yourself and refuse to trade with your closest neighbour.
Most games have a playable version of them on the disc. However they will almost always have an update to download on the day the game is released. If it's a single player game you don't need that update to play it, but the console will automatically download it by default. It's a rule both Sony and Microsoft has that the game on the disc must be playable without any updates (excluding online features). But they do make exceptions, and of course "playable" can be subjective. So it's possible the 11 games you have are exceptions to the rule. One particularly terrible example of an exception was Tony Hawk Pro Skater 5. The disc only contained the tutorial, and the rest of the game was in the update. And even with that it was barely playable from what I've heard.
Yeah, Unreal is a much more mature engine, so maybe it has a better chance than XV did.
And it says flavourings include caffeine, ammonium ferric citrate and quinine. I'm guessing the iron flavour comes from the second one.
On a typical day I don't sweat much. It's usually not that hot here, and I don't do much strenous exercise. I'm sure I don't smell very good by the end of the day, but it's just me and my wife at home and we're so used to each other's smell.
I hope they change the rules so websites can skip the popup if you have explicitly set your browser to accept all cookies or something. It is pointless being on every website, so it feels like something the browser should deal with. Maybe the pop up could come from the browser itself, and allow you to set up defaults for what cookies you allow and what you don't.
Even today imperial units are widely used in Britain. Our road signs are in miles for example. It's a common misconception that the UK is metric. It's more like 50/50 metric/imperial. That show is set 300 or so years ago isn't it? People would have definitely used yards and miles back then.
&gt;There's no Brythonic in Old or Middle English. Any similarities are purely coincidental, I'm afraid. The former is purely Germanic, the latter is Germanic at it's core, whilst being augmented by the latinate language of the Normans. Which is basically what we have today. I just happened to have watched [this video](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dmzIunLtRzQ&amp;t=1s) about a theory that Brythonic influenced English grammar, but not vocabulary. Seems like it's not proven though, the similarities could be coincidental, but I thought it was interesting anyway.
It depends on the person, but the average person requires about 2000 kilocalories a day. A kilocalorie is a measure of energy, which can also be measured in joules. 2000 kcal is 8368000 joules. Watts are joules per second. So if that's how many joules you need per day, you can work out the watts by dividing that by the number of seconds in a day. 8368000J / 86400s = 96.85W
I think it would be illegal in the UK. There's a blanket ban on "psychoactive substances" except for specified things (e.g. caffeine, alcohol, prescribed medicines). So any new substance is automatically illegal if it gets you high.
So Australia is a Commonwealth, a Commonwealth Realm and a member of the Commonwealth.
Well either way, the US constitution only mentions states, not commonwealths. So for the purposes of the constitution, they are states. They can be both a commonwealth according to their own constitutions and a state according to the US constitution. Those two things don't contradict each other.
Presumably the creator has just incorrectly used the term "federal" when they just mean the national or central legislature.
&gt; edit: I read "poisonous" as toxic in the context of food; if your cat is lapping up bleach off the floor then yeah get her to a clinic ASAP. On that note, don't let any antifreeze anywhere near cats. A single drop can kill them, and apparently cats don't naturally avoid it like they do with other chemicals.
I want a movie that's the cynical opposite of that. At the start of the movie, the Dad quits his high paying job to spend less time at work so he can spend more time with his kids. At first it's great, the dad and kids enjoy spending time together. Then they start hitting financial issues. They sell their house and move into a smaller on. The kids are disappointed when they don't get new iPhones for their birthdays. The kids start to miss their former lifestyle and the things they had. In the end the "moral" of the story is that sometimes making lots of money is more important than spending time with your family.
I was thinking at the end the dad goes back to his old job. Not quite as dark as him dying. I suppose you could get a genuine moral out of it if he went back to his job, but compromised by spending less time in the office, even if that means taking a bit of a pay cut.
B+! Considering I've never studied film or anything remotely creative or artistic that's pretty damn good! To be honest, I imagine it would be pretty damn difficult to make a film that's actually good out of that idea.
There aren't really that many important plot points in them that aren't mentioned in the game. Basically Kingsglaive shows a major event in the overall plot, so if you only play the game you just hear about it rather than see it happening. The game fills you in on the information you need to understand the plot of the game. Brotherhood gives context to the relationship between the main characters. It's not that important to the plot, but you find out why the main characters are friends.
That's true, because modern suits are designed to be worn with the bottom button open. The Edward VII thing is the alleged reason why suits are now designed that way. I have my doubts about how true it is, just pointing out that the two things don't necessarily contradict each other.
This is presumably why the Scottish independence movement is so pro-EU. They'd rather be a small sovereign nation which is an equal member of the EU, rather than being a non-sovereign nation within a soon to be non-EU sovereign state.
Because parishes and counties have vastly different populations. Each district is meant to have roughly the same population (although there are exceptions), so using parishes/counties as districts would mean your vote could be worth much more or less than someone else's depending on how many people live in your county.
India was never England, the British Empire didn't work that way. The UK ruled over lots of colonies, but they weren't themselves part of the UK (and certainly not part of England). They had different laws, no representation in the UK Parliament, etc.
Lots of things are going on in a game. There's AI, there's physics, graphics, sound, maybe loading stuff in the background. To maintain the frame rate, each of those things have to finish what they need to do within 1/30th of a second (or 1/60th for 60 fps) to be ready to render the next frame. If any one of them takes longer for some reason, you might get a frame rate dip. Maybe that could be caused by having an unusually large amount of enemies on screen, or maybe it could be caused one particular thing being not very well optimised. There are lots and lots of things which could cause it. On PC it could even be caused by something else the computer is doing in the background.
There's probably not much you can do. If he doesn't want cats in his garden, he can use a cat repellent if he wants. That said, look up to see if there are any regulations around ultra sound cat repellents. If it's affecting your cat in your own garden then maybe there's grounds for a complaint to the local council. Maybe he could be forced to turn it down if that's possible.
I wonder how different this would be if you used regions instead of counties as the equivalent of states.
I don't think this map does give disproportionate power to rural counties. That happens in the US because the states which are more rural tend to be the smaller ones, which get proportionally more EC votes due to every state getting +2 votes regardless of size. I'm not certain, but I don't think this map has copied that detail.
The districts are for a different type of election. They're for electing representatives in Congress. Most states don't use them for electing the President, and just give all their Electoral College votes to whoever got the most votes within the state.
&gt; BTW the "license" is a tax on the sets you have. It's for actually watching TV broadcasts, not just owning a TV. I don't have a license because I just use my TV for games and Netflix/Amazon Video.
It's a chain of South African restaurants which serve "Portuguese style" chicken (and some veggie options). It's popular in the UK, but at the same time many people have quite a low opinion of it.
Nope, I'm right. You only need it for actually receiving TV broadcasts. I filled out a declaration on the TV licence website stating I don't need one. Not needing it because you only use your TV for on demand video was one of the options it provided.
Have you see the film Argo?
Does seem a bit suspicious. It wouldn't be the first time CIA agents in Iran have posed as Canadians. But it's also plausible they genuinely were Iranian-Canadians getting a connecting flight back to Canada.
That's right, they'd be double-cousins. Somewhere between a regular sibling and a normal cousin.
These are usually a bit misleading. The vast majority of guesses are probably in the right area (although a lot mixing up Iraq and Iran in this case). But lots of the correct guesses are all bunched up in one area, so it's hard to see what proportion of them are there. So it exaggerates the wildly incorrect guesses. A lot of which were probably people who didn't actually make any attempt to get it right. I seriously doubt there is someone who genuinely thinks Iran is where the UK is, or in the middle of the ocean.
Like I said in the other thread about this, I'm sure most of the ones which are *really* obviously wrong must be people joking or not actually trying to get it right. Even though only 28% got it right, I reckon most were at least on the right continent.
I do because my bathroom is tiny and there isn't really anywhere to store it.
I don't know about Belfast specifically, but generally speaking cards are accepted nearly everywhere in the UK. So you'll probably be fine.
It was at one point, but it was separated into a distinct territory prior to independence.
No, they're pretty different. Really the pocket edition is a different game which follows the same story.
As I understand it, the partition was official at the same moment they gained independence in 1947. I guess it depends what you mean by "full independence". For the first few years they were still dominions, under the British monarchy. But at that point dominions were generally considered to be independent countries.
This is going by land borders though, and the only land border Greenland has with Canada is on a tiny island.
I'd say there are European countries in all 3 categories.
And the rest of the UK. I think English is an official language in Malta too.
But surely you can see how it would seem bland if you're coming from a country where food normally does have lots of spices? I'm not trying to knock the classic full english. I like it! I'm just saying British dishes usually have relatively simple flavours, rather than adding lots of spices and other flavourings like some other countries do. But yes, in hindsight it was a bit unfair to call it bland. I guess what I'm saying is it might seem that way to people who aren't used to it.
Because their ancestors had enough people willing to fight for them so they could take over. We don't know how the concept of royalty started. The person generally regarded as the first king of England was Athelstan in around 925. But his predecessors were also kings, but of Wessex rather than all of what we now call England. Athelstan was just the first one who united other Anglo-Saxon kingoms into what we now call England. We don't know how the first king of Wessex (or any of the other Anglo-Saxon kingdoms) got to be king. It has been lost to time and all we have are stories which are likely not true. But you could go from William the Conqueror. He got to be king because in 1066 he came to England with a big army, defeated the English army, and took over. Between then and now there have been several civil wars, coups, etc. with different claimants to the throne taking it by force. But as they were all of royal blood the current Queen still has a direct line back to William. And if you want to go back further down that line, William got that big army because he was Duke of Normandy. And he was Duke of Normandy because his ancestor came over from Scandinavia and took over part of France, and so on and so on.
It'd be interesting to know if there are any pubs in Scotland named after a specifically English monarch.
Yes I think it's fair to say it's very unlikely fixing typos is going to break something else. At least in modern games. In most cases it wouldn't even involve any coding. Game engines usually have tools for changing bits of text which are visible to players. You need to do that if you support multiple languages so they can be swapped in and out.
This. And also the game wasn't just *like* Total War, it *was* Total War.
Most European TV has fewer commercials. Some channels don't have any at all.
How far in the past? I think it used to be based on owning a TV set, but that was a long time ago now. It has been based on receiving TV broadcasts for as long as I can remember, so at least the last 15 years or so.
Only 15 countries formally recognise Taiwan, but other countries have "unofficial" relations with them. The US could intervene if China invaded Taiwan, even though it doesn't formally recognise it as a sovereign state.
Accents change over time. The way English people spoke around the time they settled in America was very different to how they speak now. Since then the two populations have mostly been separate, different trends caught on and they had different influences, so their accents diverged. You might see people claiming that American accents are actually closer to those old English accents. It's not true exactly, but there is an element of truth to it. Back then most English accents were rhotic, they fully prounced their Rs as a consonant. Most modern American accents are also rhotic, but most modern English accents aren't. So in that particular respect American accents are more like how English people used to speak.
I don't think a clone would necessarily have the same fingerprints. Depends on the cloning method. If you took someone's DNA and used to make a new baby with the same DNA (i.e. how animals have been cloned irl) presumably the fingerprints would be different. But a sci fi cloning machine might work differently.
The lease was for the New Territories, not Hong Kong island and Kowloon.
It's my new year's resolution to play Shadowbringers by the end of this year. A year sounds like a lot of time to get round to it, but I still have Stormblood to get through, and there's the 7 remake, and there's probably some non-FF games I want to play this year. Stormblood alone is probably a couple of months worth of my gaming time.
Do you not have a paid army at all? I know Ireland's neutral, but I thought you still had a small professional army?
If you like to collect them, then why not? I guess in a sense it is a waste of money, but so is buying anything that doesn't serve a practical purpose.
So it's just China that's preventing India from becoming a permanent member?
A gay man is still a man, and a lesbian is still a woman. So no, they wouldn't be interested in dating each other, even if the man is fairly feminine for a man, and the woman is fairly masculine for a woman. I'm a straight man, and I'm not interested in dating gay men however feminine they might be. So I'm sure a lesbian would feel the same way.
I think of it as having it's own canon. What happens in Dissidia is completely irrelevant to the rest of the FF games\*, but what happens in the main games is relevant to Dissidia because the characters in Dissidia remember things from them. \* I guess there are a couple of exceptions to that, but I won't say any more because I don't want to spoil it.
Also it's only since William I that we use numbers. For example before William, the king of England was Edward the Confessor. But the king we call Edward I was a couple of centuries later. We ignore any pre-Norman kings when it comes to numbering.
Yes, modern computers can do a *lot* in a split second. Think of all the physics and rendering calculations it needs to do to make a single frame of a modern game, and all of that can be done in 1/60th of a second if you have a reasonably good PC.
This happens with Dubai sometimes. People think it's a country in its own right and don't realise that it's part of the United Arab Emirates. It also sort of happens with London. I say sort of because I'm sure everyone is aware that it isn't a separate country. They just treat it like one sometimes, and ignore the rest of the UK. Maybe the same happens with other capital cities sometimes, especially if they are much larger than any other cities in the country.
Develop a completely new version of Skyrim from scratch which is massively cut back compared to the original.
We usually wouldn't say "the holidays" because that's not very specific. Is that Easter, Christmas or some other holiday? We'd just say which holiday we mean.
&gt; What about summer, spring and fall/autumn? Not sure what you mean exactly, but when kids are off school during the summer that's called the "summer break". The one in spring would normally be called "Easter break".
We have a week off between each main break called "half term". So one of those would be in the Autumn. There is no equivalent of Thanksgiving. We have Bonfire Night in November, but it's not anything like Thanksgiving and we don't get a day off for it.
There's some. Not as big as the US. I think a lot of people from a non-Christian background celebrate Christmas anyway. It's largely a secular holiday at this point.
You could have your own monarch. We have Harry spare, maybe take him? Although I think Canada got there first.
Harder to murder masses of people with a knife than a gun. The UK does have a problem with knife crime, but I read somewhere that the US has proportionally more knife murders than the UK. I guess it just doesn't get reported as much because the focus is on gun crime.
That's how a few European republics work. They kind of just switched out their monarch for an elected president.
It's very uncommon for them *not* to reign until they die. At least in the UK. George V may have retired in the sense that he delegated most of his duties to other royals when his health started failing, but he remained king until his death. The Queen has already started doing this. Charles is taking on more public engagements in her place. Potentially Parliament could name Charles "Prince Regent" if it gets to the point that the Queen is too frail to do any royal duties. That would effectively make Charles the acting monarch, but Elizabeth II would still officially be the Queen.
They wouldn't have the exact same DNA, for the same reason non-twin siblings don't have the same DNA. Your DNA is a randomised mix of your parents DNA. Your sibling gets a different random mix. Same thing happens in this case. From a genetic point of view, the cousins are really siblings because they have genetically identical parents. So like siblings they get a different mix, so they wouldn't be identical.
In England you're supposed to be in some sort of education or training until the age of 18. If someone doesn't go to 6th form or a 6th form college there are several other options. There are various technical colleges where they could do a vocational course. Or they could do an apprenticeship of some sort. I don't think the rules are particularly specific, so they can do anything as long as it has an educational element. Maybe even getting a job as a trainee retail assistant would count.
It probably depends. In the US if you have good health insurance then I wouldn't be surprised if you get better healthcare than the UK's NHS. But on the other extreme if you have no health insurance and can't afford to pay out of pocket then the NHS is probably better than whatever basic healthcare is available for free (if any) in the US. But even that isn't necessarily a fair comparison because private healthcare is available in the UK if you can afford it and choose to pay for it. I don't think it makes sense to compare US healthcare to just the NHS.
&gt; (Note: I believe the term "British" is often used to refer to citizens of the UK regardless of what country, but I could be wrong.) That's right, the official term for a citizen of the UK is "British Citizen". Northern Ireland's a bit of an odd case though because they're also entitled to Irish citizenship, and may have given up or never had British Citizenship.
In the UK, yes. Normally ministers are also MPs. Although sometimes they are a member of the House of Lords (which means they are a member of parliament in the broad sense). I'm assuming you mean a minister in the government sense rather than the religious sense.
I remember there used to a thing called ESA where people between 16 and 18 were straight up paid to go to school. Only if you came from a fairly low income household though.
Some people say base 12 is better because 12 can be divided in more ways that 10 without using non-whole numbers. It can be divided by 2,3,4 and 6, but 10 can only be divided by 2 and 5. The result of that is 1/3 would be written as 0.4 (because 12 divided by 3 is 4) instead of 0.3333...
id software is owned by Bethesda.
Well technically its own by Zenimax, Bethesda's parent company. After being bought out they continued to use their own tech instead of using the same engine as Bethesda Game Studios (the people who make Elder Scrolls and Fallout). Really the question is why doesn't Bethesda use id Tech considering how crappy their engine is?
It is true though. Wales was part of England for a few hundred years. I'm not suggesting it should be reabsorbed into England though, regardless of what happens to the UK.
Yes. Theoretically it's possible to be PM without being a British Citizen, but you would have to be a citizen of a country in the Commonwealth or Ireland.
&gt; But I think in this thread we were talking about the here and now, though. Fair enough. Sorry for any offence caused.
This is kind of a "how long is a piece of string" question. I could write you a tiny program and charge you millions of dollars for it. If you want to find real examples, then the software with the biggest cost/size ratio is probably going to be some bespoke embedded software. Like say the core control software for a nuclear power plant. That sort of thing will cost thousands (millions?) to develop but probably be very small in size. I don't know where you'd start looking for expensive software you can actually buy off the shelf. It's probably going to be something extremely niche.
Yes. I get through 2-3 bottles of wine a week. I'm drinking more or less every other night.
In what way aren't they allowed to make political decisions? Is it just that it's frowned upon for them to lobby politicians like a business would, or are there actual laws that limit their ability to influence politics? Sorry if this seems obvious. I'm not American so I don't know how it works there.
I'm assuming they can use all their magic and powers? I'm sure I could take on Eiko, but obviously if she has her powers she could summon an eidolon to smoosh me.
In England: I did a bit of French and German, but neither to a standard where I could have a real conversation. Despite getting decent grades. In my secondary school you did French in the year 7, and if you were good enough at it you did French and German in year 8 and 9. Then you had the choice of which to continue for GCSE (so up to age 16). In primary school I think I just did the odd French lesson. I don't remember it being a regular thing.
I think maybe we're both right? As I understand it, the original Indo-Europeans came from central Asia.
Prince/princess kind of has two meanings. In one sense a prince/princess is anyone who is in the direct-ish line of succession. So the Queen's children and grandchildren are considered princes/princesses (with some exceptions I think). So in that sense Kate is a princess on account of being married to a prince. In a more formal sense, Prince can be a specific title. Charles is the Prince of Wales, so his wife was the Princess of Wales (I don't think his current wife has taken that title). William doesn't have a formal Prince title yet. But he has been granted the title Duke of Cambridge. So his wife is a duchess. When the Queen dies, Charles will be King and William will become Prince of Wales. So then Kate will more formally be a princess.
Until the end of the year, unless the UK and EU agree to end the transition period earlier or extend it. During the transition period all the normal EU rules apply to the UK, including free movement. The main difference is it will no longer be represented in the EU's institutions, and the UK and EU can start formal negotations for the post-transition trade deal. I think the UK could also start trade deal talks with non-EU countries, but I'm not sure if there's much point doing that before the deal with the EU is sorted out.
They inherit citizenship from their parents. There's also usually some way to become a citizen through naturalisation if you've lived there long enough.
Microsoft is moving away from the business model of selling new versions of Windows for a one off charge. But they're not doing subscriptions for it either (at least not for general consumers). Their stated intention is that Windows 10 will be the "last" version of Windows, and they will keep updating that instead of releasing new versions of Windows where you have to pay for upgrades. Instead they make their money through additional services. If you use Windows it means you can buy stuff from the Windows Store, you have access to OneDrive which you can pay to upgrade, and the same goes for various other Microsoft services. Although they still make money from people buying new PCs that come with a new Windows license. So the OS itself will still make money.
It's only public domain if the creator has explicitly made it so. Game mechanics generally can't be copyrighted, so there's nothing to stop other developers from making a game that plays the same as long as they call it something different, use different artwork, and program it themselves. That said, if the creator of Flappy Bird doesn't want anything to do with it, he's probably not interested in pursuing people who do infringe his copyright. The storefronts usually only take action against something infringing copyright if the owner asks them to.
If someone was jailed under a law which is then declared unconstitutional, do they automatically get released?
I expect nearly all these countries have majority support for their monarchy. They probably wouldn't have one otherwise. In this context I think "popular" means "of the people" as opposed to "of the country".
Step 1) leave EU Step 2) ??? Step 3) glorious war with France
Pretty much every country in Europe was a monarchy up to the 20th century (France being the main exception). So there's a long history of monarchy in Eastern Europe.
Although a long time before that, Athelstan was titled "King of the English", rather than "King of England". So I suppose the French monarchy revived or reinvented that concept.
King of the *the* English, as in the English people. Not king of English, as in the language. That said, the fact that they spoke the same language was one of the key things which bound them together as an ethnic group. I think the concept of "English people" was a relatively new idea at the time.
Pretty sure tampering with a body and not reporting someone's death is a crime in itself.
I'd assume it's not as serious a crime as murder, but still pretty serious.
Yes, we also call them holidays. We'd probably also say "What's your favourite holiday?", but it would be a bit ambigious.
It used to start with A because that was the floppy disc drive, and not all computers had hard disks back then. Then B was for computers which had a second floppy drive. So the hard drive was normally C. That convention has stuck even though it doesn't make that much sense any more.
Even if a game loads the entire level at once, it doesn't mean it renders the whole thing all the time. If it loads the whole level, the data for all the models, textures, etc it needs are in RAM, but it uses the cone to work out which ones it needs to actually draw based on where the camera is. It's also not specific to Horizon Zero Dawn. Every game does it. I remember the article about it on Kotaku which gave the false impression that it was something novel they did for HZD. But actually it's something nearly every game does.
Yes. I remember Donkey Kong Country (1994) looked amazing at the time, nothing like it had been seen on the SNES before.
Ah ok, I couldn't remember. I think mine was HDMI only, but I didn't have one of the early models.
Yeah I was probably thinking of that. By the time I got a PS3 I had a TV with HDMI so I never needed to bother with any other outputs. But I remember I had an Xbox 360 which didn't have HDMI, that red ringed, then I got one with it.
I've never heard it called that in the UK, but then again I don't think it's a particularly common thing so I've only heard of it from American TV.
You can get British Citizenship via naturalisation if you've lived in the UK long enough. The difficult bit is getting a visa that allows you to live in the UK long enough to qualify. You generally need a skill which is in demand and a company willing to sponsor your visa. This is all subject to change. It's possible the whole immigration system will be overhauled once the transition out of the EU has finished.
I think nothing much would happen. I guess it would be big news, but the majority of British people are pro gay rights. So I don't think they would be expected to step down. Perhaps there would be some disagreements over the appropriate title for their spouse though. Also the next two in line are married to women, so unless they come out of the closet, there isn't much chance of having a gay king for another 50+ years. However the British monarch is also the monarch of 15 other countries. Some of them have similar attitudes to the UK when it comes to gay rights so it wouldn't be a problem, but some of them are much less gay friendly. So it could raise calls for them to break with the British monarchy. But then again, there's a decent chance that would have happened by then anyway.
Realising at a significantly different time to the competition is a big risk. If you release later, then your competitor has a head start. Lots of people may have already bought into their console and you'll be playing catch up. If you release earlier, then you risk the competitor coming out with a better, more powerful console that blows yours away and people flock to it. Perhaps not buying your console because they're waiting for the better one. Of course both of these could be an advantage. But if one company aims to release first, then the other will get wind of it and move their planned release back to stop them getting the advantage of being first. And for the other case, if one company is taking its time to make sure it has powerful hardware, the other company will make sure their's is as good as or better, which means they also take more time to bring it to market.
The UK and EU have agreed to a transition period until the end of the year. Free movement will still apply until then. As part of the withdrawal agreement the UK has already agreed that any EU citizens already living in the UK can stay after the transition period ends. The bigger issue is UK citizens living in the EU. I'm not sure exactly what's going on with that. It's unlikely they will be kicked out, but the question is whether they will continue to be allowed to freely move around the EU, or they will only be allowed to stay in the country they live in now.
The US is a federation. That means it's made up of states, and power is shared between the federal government (the government of the country as a whole), and the governments of the states. The constitution says what things the federal government has jurisdiction over, and everything else is up to each individual state. Many other countries are unitary states. That means there is a central government that can control laws across the entire country. Usually that means the whole country has the same laws, but even in a unitary state some areas might have an autonomous government which can make its own laws to some degree, or the central government decides to give different regions different laws for whatever reason. The reason the US is a federation is because they were always distrustful of centralised power. The colonies that started the USA didn't like being controlled by Britain, so when they rebelled and became a new country they didn't want to just replace the British government with a new government that had full control over them.
"The Crown" owns a huge amount of land. The Queen personally owns some. The difference is that she isn't free to do what she wants with the property of the Crown. It's effectively administered by the state, and the government gets most of the money it makes. It's also questionable who would own it if the Crown ceased to exist and the monarchy was abolished. I think there would be a strong case for the government to keep it.
Different country, different economy. Some things are cheaper, some things are more expensive. I've heard that compared to the US, groceries are cheaper, but eating out is more expensive in the UK. I guess the same is broadly true when comparing Canada to the UK. There could be all sorts of reasons for it. Maybe higher property prices, higher wages, higher taxes. It could even just be a cultural difference. Maybe it's just that in the UK we see eating out as more of a treat than a basic service so we're willing to pay more. I feel like you'd need an economics degree to answer this properly. Edit - or you're just looking in the wrong places. Wetherspoons is the go to place for cheap food (not the *best* place, just one that's everywhere). That's cheaper than the prices you've quoted.
Same for England. Regions are just convenient groupings of counties. Also regions are arguably a UK wide thing, not specific to England. Scotland, Wales and NI just happen to each consist of a single region.
When we interview programmers where I work we give them a programming test regardless of how many years of experience they have. Same with most other companies in the industry. This seems like the same situation assuming that giving presentations and public speaking is a core part of the job, and not just something you occasionally have to do.
In English, the word "American" by itself means someone from the United States of America. To refer more generally to people in the Americas it's qualified with a direction, e.g. "South American", "North American", "Central American". I understand in some languages they call people from the USA something like "United Statesian", but we don't do that in English. As far as I know this is the case across the English speaking world. It's definitely not exclusive to American English anyway (I'm British, "America" means the USA here).
Not sure if you've heard, but the UK is leaving the EU at the end of this month, so you are an EU citizen for the next 9 days only. After that, the plan is to be in a transition period until the end of the year. So I believe during that time you will still have the right to move to Germany. But after that, we don't know. Presumably then you'd need a visa to live in Germany just like someone who only holds US citizenship.
They would just have to prove that used to be their name. Legally they would still get the house, but they would need evidence they are in fact the same person. If they changed their name via deed poll then a copy of that would probably work. Or a marriage certificate if they took their spouse's name.
In terms of land area, the peak was just after WW1. The map looks about right for that point in time.
I think you just need to be a resident to get free NHS treatment. But that means the OP would need an appropriate visa to be able to live in the UK. That's not easy to get.
It's going to need a new category in a few days: "European country not in the EU which pretends it's not European"
She is, but in her capacity as the Queen of Canada, Queen of Australia and Queen of New Zealand respectively (and a bunch of other countries).
Most countries in the Commonwealth have nothing to do with the British monarchy any more. Some such as Canada and Australia still share the UK's monarch, but strictly speaking they are under their own crowns rather than being under the British crown (it's just that the same person "wears" all those crowns).
It's possible the company that made/published the game no longer has the rights to make Smurfs games. Agreements like that are often only valid for a set amount of time, so after that they aren't allowed to continue distributing the game. And if it has microtransactions they may not be allowed to keep selling those. Or it could just be it wasn't making much money any more. It costs money to keep online games like that running, so they will shut it down if it's no longer bringing in enough money.
When a member of Parliament dies in office their seat is vacant until there is a by election to fill it again. But really if the Queen managed to kill all of them in one go, all bets are off. I don't suppose there are any rules to deal with such a bizarre situation. It would be anarchy until someone manages to gain power and assert their authority. The existing constitutional laws would be irrelevant unless the new regime wants to claim continuity from the old regine.
Weirdly enough this exact topic came up when I was speaking to my sister in law the other day. She's a teaching assistant in a school which is essentially a dumping ground for 16/17 year olds who failed all their exams. Some of them can't tell the time. She said reluctance to hold children back in school is part of the problem. They just get further and further behind everyone else so they just give up trying to do anything. It's quite sad.
I'd be interested in a map like this where "active" is clearly defined. One criteria would be to include ones which have elected representatives supporting secession in either the national or regional legislature. Another criteria might be secession movements which are currently fighting, or have recently committed acts of violence to further their cause. Movements which have had recent peaceful protests should also be included.
In that case its probably because Square Enix couldn't be bothered to dig out the actual logo, rather than that new 'logo' actually being used for anything.
Making an old game work on a modern platform is generally more work than converting an old movie to a new format. With a movie you don't really have to change the movie, you just run it through a converter. Of course you do have to make new menus if you convert something to blu-ray so there is some work. Plus you might want to clean up the video a bit. But for games you'd need to reprogram the game to work on the new platform. Which isn't simple, and the source code has been lost for many old games which makes the task even harder. In some cases you'd have to reprogram the game from scratch. Unless you have an emulator. Making an emulator is also a lot of work but once you have one that works well then you can theoretically run any game from that old platform on the new one. Those PS1 games on PS3 do run in an emulator. And in fact the PS3 can play almost any PS1 game if you have the disc. But I guess it's licensing issues that prevent more of them being sold on PSN. Sony can't just sell any PS1 game they like on there because they'd need permission from the copyright owners. I don't really know why the PS4 doesn't have a PS1 emulator though. I guess Sony just didn't think it was important enough to spend money developing one.
If it was up to me I'd just called it "Britain" or "Great Britain". But that would only work if Northern Ireland left.
And if both NI and Scotland left it could be Wangland.
Salford is in Greater Manchester, so it's still kind of correct.
It was Brittany Murhpy who did her voice, who was quite sexy. Sad she died so young.
Easy to say if you don't have a child with an eating disorder. Maybe they could have done more to prevent it, but no one is a perfect parent, and most parents don't have to deal with problems this extreme. Read the article. The parents did try to do something about it.
That makes sense, thanks.
Only 36% support in Ireland? Seems a bit low. It would be interesting if Northern Ireland voted to join the republic, and then the republic rejected them. I don't see that happening though.
That depends on the game. For a single player game the disc will usually contain most of the data. There will be updates, but it should be playable without those. But for an online game that regularly gets new content obviously there will be a lot of data that wasn't on the disc.
The point is the discs are too slow for the games to run from them directly. Loading times would be terrible, and streaming data from it wouldn't be possible for many games. Installing it to a HDD means it takes longer to start playing the game the first time, but once it's installed loading times are more bearable. Plus updates are going to be on the HDD anyway, might as well put the whole game there.
"Stan" comes from a persian word meaning some thing like "land of". So in most of those cases the name means "Land of the X". Land of the Afghans, Land of the Uzbek, etc. All of those countries have been under some sort of Persian influence at some point, so they use that suffix. The "land" suffix in England, Scotland, Ireland means essentially the same thing.
To be fair, at least I was taught about the slave trade. So it's not like everything that's taught puts Britain in a positive (or at least neutral) light.
The word "nation" doesn't have a strict definition. Not everyone agrees what is a nation and what isn't. The UK can be considered one nation or 4 nations, depending on your point of view and what the context is.
If the UK breaks up it will because the other parts left. England would continue to have most of the land, most of the people, and all the main government institutions the UK had. So I don't think England would even really count as a new state, it would just be the continuation of the UK and would inherit the securitt council seat.
I see frogs in my garden sometimes. Sometimes I find them in the house, but I suspect they didn't come into the house of their accord.
The top post in that sub is about a Brexit party. Celebrating Brexit isn't healing the divide, it's rubbing it in the faces of the losing side. Remain voters need to accept Brexit is happening (and I think most have), but you can't expect them to get behind it and suddenly start believing it's a good thing. We should neither celebrate Brexit nor moan about it. It no longer matters if Brexit is good or bad. We should focus on dealing with it and figuring out what comes next. But good luck doing that when we have a broken voting system which results in us having a government which doesn't represent the majority. "What comes next" is now unfortunately "what the Conservative party wants" and no one else matters.
There are plenty of countries where "hung parliaments" are the norm, and they function just fine. It causes problems here because it's usually unexpected and our politicians (and public) have very little experience of working with other parties.
The meaning of the term "gender pay gap" isn't necessarily obvious. It doesn't specifically refer to men and women being paid differently for the *same* jobs, it refers to the fact that men and women on average earn different amounts regardless of what job they do.
The people entering it know the risks, and the Isle of Man government probably makes a decent amount of money from it so they don't want to ban it.
It's mostly the same code. The bits that are different are mainly the parts which interact with the hardware, OS and network services. Game engines use a lot of abstraction. That means they create their own API for things such as graphics, and then implement that API for each platform. That means the rest of the code doesn't care whether the platform uses DirectX, Vulkan, or any other underlying graphics API. It's only that graphics part of the engine that calls DirectX functions.
Well she got more votes, so it shows that spending more money works.
Practically speaking, almost nothing will change until the end of the transition period. So you *should* be ok with an ID card until 1st Jan 2021. But it's up to the airline what sort of ID they require, so best to get a passport just to be sure.
I think it's rarely used in American English.
Wouldn't it technically be illegal to discriminate against a British citizen while free movement still applies? I doubt they'd be too bothered about enforcing that at this point though.
As far as I can tell they are pretty much the exact same. The Wii version has two windows which act as the DS screens, so it was clearly made primarily as a DS game. One quirk is that it seems you can only host the game on the Wii and have the DS join it, and not the other way round.
&gt; The word “rape” is used in different ways in different legal jurisdictions. So in certain areas you can’t technically be charged with “rape” for sexually abusing a man because it would be listed under a different charge. And in some jursidictions men can be raped, but only by other men. Equivalent offences comitted by a woman are called something else.
For a more serious answer, switching the voting system to proportional representation. Ideally I don't think that should be decided by a referendum. The majority of people (probably) support one of the two main parties who generally benefit from the current FPTP system, so may not want to change it. But I don't think it's right that the majority should be able to deny the minority a fair voting system. Realistically though, it will be extremely difficult to make that change and via a referendum may be the only hope.
That actually would be called a breadcake in some places.
I'm 32. I still have a group of friends who I knew from school. I rarely see them as we all live in different places now, but they're the only friends I've had that I've kept in contact with. There are people I'm friendly with at work, but I don't socialise with them outside of work events. However I'm married, so between interacting with people at work and being with my wife at home I don't get particularly lonely.
As I understand it, the Withdrawal Agreement includes something like the Northern Ireland only backstop. That means, if the UK and EU fail to come to an agreement on their future relationship by the end of the transition period, then Northern Ireland will effectively remain within the EU customs union and will have to keep various regulations on goods aligned with the EU. Northern Ireland would still be part of the UK, but it means there would still be a completetly open border with Ireland, and there would need to be customs controls between NI and Great Britain. Hopefully the UK and EU will make an agreement and sign a trade deal, but even then I suspect Northern Ireland will end up being a special case so the border can stay open. And there's the possibility the people of Northern Ireland will decide to leave the UK and join Ireland, which makes the border issue go away.
I assumed the premise was running games from a USB drive directly instead of having to install them. OP mentioned saving space, but maybe they meant the physical size of the console. If they're installed anyway then yes the USB drive would be fine, but there's also less incentive to use them over a blu ray disc.
I *think* it would be ok as they are both European, so are considered the same region. I'm not certain though.
&gt; What? We have that. We've had that for a long time with arms bolted down to the floor. Unleash them and they can easily outperform human movement. The only real limiter is money and how fast you really need the arm to move. Those movements still look very robotic, and not very humanlike. Very precise, but maybe *too* precise to look like fluid human movement.
I agree with that, I'm just saying that the *ending* wasn't the bit that was missing. The ending itself was in the base game. It's just stuff that was necessary to fully understand the story was in DLC. I mean, none of the DLC takes places after the end of the base game, it all takes place either before or during it.
There are tons of species of solitary wasps native to the UK, some of which are black. It was probably one of them.
I'm not the OP. I'm just saying that doesn't perfectly fit the OP's description because it's not humanlike. I agree it's not sluggish or slow.
The UK doesn't have states, but it used to be different in Northern Ireland. In fact this map is out of date because it shows NI as 17, even though it's 16 like the rest of the UK now. In theory it could differ across the UK. I believe the Scottish and NI governments could change it if they want to (not sure about Wales).
In British English, "Yank" already refers to Americans in general. We use it in a similar way to how Americans might call British people limeys.
Someone who has white skin, ginger hair, green eyes and freckles is a "white-passing person of color"? I'm not American though, so maybe I just don't get it. Is POC actually just a euphemism for anyone who is part of any minority group, regardless of skin color?
Yeah they're the red split ones. I guess I can make lots of lentil soup.
Playing through the story on normal, doing sidequests along the way took me about 40 hours. Doing all the post game stuff and hard mode would probably take another 20-30 hours on top of that. It's not the biggest bang for your buck out there when it comes to play time, but I think it's a good enough quantity for a full price game.
The stock hard disk only does about 60MB/s. It's really slow. An external SSD will be much faster than that, but slower than replacing the stock hard disk with an SSD. You may not notice a difference in games though. They have been optimised for the 60MB/s PS4 hard disk, so won't necessarily make use of any extra speed. Depends on how the loading is done.
Spain, Britain and other European powers brought a lot of slaves to the Caribbean, but didn't settle there themselves in large numbers. The point of those colonies was to grow crops to be exported and otherwise exploit the natural resources and slave labour. Compare that to the US and Canada, where the main point of the original colonies was to have somewhere for Europeans to live.
The story is completely unchanged in the remaster. It's just the graphics that have changed, nothing else.
Im 33. At my current rate of saving, about 8 years. If I really needed to save quicker I could probably halve that at least. However I already have more than that in savings.
Because Canada has so far not decided to abolish the monarchy.
&gt; but I’ve heard a English monarch united England and Scotland because the Scottish monarch died or something Other way round. Elizabeth I of England died with no children and the next in line happened to be the king of Scotland.
They are the next generation **of consoles**. A decent spec PC can already do what the next gen consoles can do. They might have a few technical advantages over PC here and there, but for the most part a high spec PC will outperform them. It's irrelevant to the term "next gen" that PC can already do all of that. It doesn't refer to PCs because they don't have generations in the same way consoles do. However it will affect PC games because it raises the bar. Most AAA games come out on console, so they have to be designed with the current generation's limitations in mind. They can have better graphics and framerates on PC, but the fundamental design of the game has to work on consoles too. So next gen consoles are also a good thing for PC gamers, because it means developers can now start making better use of a PC's capabilities. For example developers will be able make a game that depends on having an SSD for streaming data. They know that all PS5 and Xbox Series X owners will have one, and they can reasonably assume that the majority of their target market of PC gamers will also have one. Before they couldn't do that because PS4/XB1 don't have SSDs.
Although you're still in the EEA, so people from those countries will still have a right to immigrate into Norway if they join the EU.
I think it would make more sense to cooperate with other European countries and expand the ESA. We might not be in the EU any more, but we are still a member of the ESA.
So is the Space Force military then? What sort of threats are they expecting to fight?
Oh right, I guess it could be difficult to do that via the ESA, especially when neutral Switzerland is a member.
There's a Chrome extension called Sponsorblock. It can automatically skip sponsor messages. It won't necessarily work on every video though, because it depends on other users marking when the sponsor messages begin and end.
I'm from the UK and I really wish we used Ireland's system. It's so much better. The thing is we already do use it and other proportional systems for some elections, just not for the UK Parliament. The only somewhat valid argument for first past the post I've heard is that some people think it's more important to have a strong government that is able to get things done, than to have one which better represents the people. Proportional systems usually mean coalition governments, so usually more negotiations and compromises have to happen before anything can be done. Although I bet the majority of people who defend FPTP support one of the parties that get to be in power because of it.
Why would console manufacturers go back to having split RAM? There's a clear reason and benefit for it on PC, the fact that it allows CPUs and GPUs to be mixed and matched. But why would you do it on console? It would just make it harder to develop for and less efficient. It would be nerfing the platform for no reason. It's a really weird take to say having fast storage is somehow a bad thing. Having fast streaming from storage is a good thing whether you have split RAM or not. I get that the fast streaming is to some extent making up for the lack of RAM in the next gen consoles, but what does that have to do with whether the RAM is split or not? And on that note, I could just as easily say PC focused developers will be "inadequate" because they're just going to do the "dumb" thing and just preload more stuff into RAM and expect you to have loads of it instead of intelligently streaming it from the SSD like console developers will. Because as fast as the PS5's SSD is, it's still orders of magnitude slower than RAM so it's not going to be interchangeable with it. Developing those streaming systems will take engineering effort just like managing RAM/VRAM does on PC. Of course I don't actually think that would be a dumb thing to do. It's just what will make the most sense given the particulars of the platform.
I can understand the Assassin's Creed one not coming back because Ubisoft would have to agree to it. It would be good if it did though, I never played it.
The main game doesn't depend on any online functionality so there's no reason it would be unplayable even if they did discontinue service for it. Just a few features would stop working. I think there were some scoreboards, multiplayer for the Comrades DLC, that stuff would stop working.
&gt; The UK monarch has no role in calling and dismissing parliament or selecting a government in Canada, Australia or New Zealand I take it the Governor General does those thing instead?
It does have a bit of a story, but it's not really integral to the main plot. And it doesn't unlock anything in the main game, it's completely separate. I quite liked the gameplay though. It might actually not be completely unplayable because you can play it single player with bots. I'm not certain if that still requires some sort of online functionality though. And some of the end game content is practically impossible without other human team mates.
This is why I hate the British electoral system. Stuff like this is a common occurrence. People have won seats with only around 25% of the vote. I certainly wouldn't want a strictly 2 party system, but some sort of proportional or ranked voting would be a big improvement.
They had a proportional system though.
This happens every time there's a major FF release. Obviously that's going to be the main thing people are talking about.
&gt; First question: How would/could the UN react to a a war between a political entity and a non-political entity? The UN is not exactly an independent organisation. What it does depends on what its members decide to do. So given your premise includes this "the very rich leader somehow makes agreements that no country will interfere.", then the UN would do nothing. If none of the UN's members want to interfere, then the UN will not do anything. Specifically the UN security council decides on whether to take collective military action, and the permanent members get a veto. So if any one of the USA, UK, France, Russia or China doesn't want to get involved, then the UN Security Council will not authorise any military or peacekeeping intervention. &gt; Second question: After the new country is stablished, and since it doesn't disobey human rights laws and its pretty progressive, what would/could the UN do about it? The above answer applies to this too. If no countries want to do anything about it, nothing will be done about it. &gt; And third: If the invaded country no longer exists and the new country comes into existence, wouldn't an invasion by another power to "restore order" be internationally illegal? It depends on to what extent this new state is accepted as legitimate. If a country sees the new state as legitimate, then they would consider a subsequent invasion as an illegal act. But if they don't see it as legitimate, they would probably consider the invasion justified in order to restore what they see as the rightful government. &gt; Remember, the founder of the new country has no citizenship anywhere but on his new country!! And during the war he had no citizenship at all... This is key!! You say that, but I don't think it would actually make any difference. Even if they did have citizenship of some other country, that's still distinct from the country itself invading.
It's more of an Anglosphere thing than America vs Europe. It's mostly English speaking or at least English influenced countries that write numbers the same way as Americans. https://brilliantmaps.com/decimals/ Notice how the blue is almost a map of countries formerly in the British Empire. With some notable exceptions like Mexico, Japan and China.
It does take some work to do it properly and have it integrate with each platform's online services. But yeah, it's not necessarily a huge amount of work, it depends on how much the game relies on the XBL/PSN functionality and how much the developers are doing themselves anyway. It's always been MS/Sony/Nintendo's reluctance to allow which has held it back.
Indeed, you could even think of the UK as having 3 autonomous regions/provinces (or more if you want to include all the overseas territories), considering that the non-autonomous part has the majority of the population.
Yes, it is somewhat undemocratic, but changing it is difficult when the people who have the power to change it are by definition the people who benefit from it. The main reason you end up with a 2 party system is the First Past the Post voting system. That's where districts/constituencies are represented by a single person, and that person is whoever got more votes than anyone else. That system naturally tends towards having 2 main parties. It's very difficult for smaller parties to gain anything because you need to be more popular than any other party in a single constituency to win anything. Even if you pick up a decent percentage of votes across the entire country, it means nothing if you aren't the most popular in any specific place. And that means voting for those parties is usually pointless because they have very little chance of winning anything. To get away from a 2 party system you need to change the voting system. There are various proportional voting systems where your overall percentage of votes roughly translates into how many seats you get in parliament. That makes it easier for smaller parties because now votes for them aren't wasted, and can actually help them win something. But how do you change the system? In the UK, Parliament would need to pass a law to change it. But to pass a law, the majority of Parliament needs to support it, and the majority of Parliament is the party that won under FPTP. So they're not going to want to change to a system that will give other parties more power. Nor will most of their voters want it. I don't know as much about the US, but as I understand it changing the voting system would need a constitutional amendment, and that's even harder to do. Edit - I wish the mods would say in the comments why this post was removed. If I knew what rule it broke I'd have a better idea of when to not bother writing a response.
Thanks for clarifying.
It doesn't come from that acronym, that acronym was made up after the word already existed.
We don't *all* drink the same type of tea, but the default tea is black tea. That's what you'll get unless specified otherwise.
I doubt there are unarmed police in Svalbard, given that you are required to have a gun if you leave a town. But maybe they don't carry their guns around with them while they are in town.
I doubt there are any other full blown remakes being planned for the forseeable future. They're going to have their hands full with FF7 Remake and presumably FFXVI. Maybe we'll get some more remasters or smaller scale remakes though. I-VI could do with some ports to modern platforms, and maybe there's a chance they could have some sort of remake, but probably not in the style of a modern AAA game.
Not surprising if you were in and around Westminster. It's where the government is based, it has the Queen's official residence, where the PM lives and so on. It's where there's the most risk of an attack. The story might be different if the Whitehouse and Congress were right in the middle of Chicago.
Seems unlikely they'd have any plans for a remake of VIII at this stage. VII is a special case due to its popularity, and I think VIII would be quite far down the list of games they'd consider remaking. Of course this is just my speculation so I could be completely wrong.
Rockstar and EA are probably bigger, at least in the sense of making more money. Rockstar doesn't make as many games, but their games make an absolute ton of money. Naughty Dog is not that comparable as they are a developer within Sony, rather than a publisher with internal development studios like Square Enix. Square Enix as a whole is certainly bigger than Naughty Dog by itself. I'd say SE is bigger than CD Projeckt Red, but I could see them overtaking one day. They probably make a decent amount of from Gog, Witcher 3 was a huge hit, and Cyberpunk 2077 clearly has a large budget behind it. They could potentially expand. So I'd say Square Enix is pretty big. It's one of the major publishers.
Oh right, sure that should be fine to remove if it's off. I've never used an external hdd myself, but apparently you don't even need to turn the console off Says [here](https://www.gamesradar.com/uk/ps4-external-hard-drive-extended-storage-set-up/) that you can remove it while the console is on, as long as you select an option in the menu.
Developers do get access to specs and development kits for new consoles before information is released to the public. But also it's possible to start working on a game without knowing exactly what you'll end up releasing it on. With Astral Chain, maybe they started working on it as a Wii U title, but then converted the work they'd done so far to the Switch instead.
Sure why not. Maybe their great, great, great, great grandfather was hispanic while all their other ancestors were Irish. Or maybe one of their ancestors just decided to change their name to Lopez.
This is why in the UK they normally come in small bags with individual portions in. That's something that seems to confuse foreigners.
I kind of get what he's saying though. Most NPCs in FF7R just wear normal everyday clothes. But then there's Tifa running about in a boob tube. It's not so much that her outfit is especially revealing by video game/anime standards, but it contrasts with the normal clothes NPCs wear. But he was wrong to make that joke on Twitter, because it's wrong to ever say anything on Twitter. Edit - I guess comparing her to a prostitute is pretty unfair though, considering her outfit looks more like gym clothes.
Do you mean in the sense that would literally swap out your car for an electric one, and pay you for doing it? Or do you just mean giving you some cash back if you buy an electic car? If it's the former then £0 for me. I'd happily switch my car with an electric one. If it's the latter, then it would completely depend on how much out of pocket I'd be if I bought an electric car. I can't really comfortably afford buying a new car of any sort at the moment.
&gt; A unitary state just has city governments and then a national government. That's not always true, unitary states can have regional governments. The difference is that in a unitary state those regional governments only have the power that the central government has given to them. Whereas in a federation in theory the states have given their power to the federal government.
I'd say Britain does. I guess the main difference is that generally the native cultures we erased are from different countries (not exclusively though). And while Britain was heavily involved in slavery, again it was mostly done across the sea with very few slaves being taken back to Britain. So maybe it's less direct than in the US. The other day protesters did pull down a statue of a slaver, so it's an issue that does come up. Britain gets a lot more hate externally I think. Which is understandable considering everything Britain has done to so many different countries around the world.
If we got rid of all statues of people who did bad things or had objectionable views we'd have to get rid of all the statues. Even recent ones we'd probably take down at some point when some of the views they had become unacceptable. Maybe some should be taken down, but it's really hard to draw the line. We shouldn't expect that someone was a good person just because there's a statue of them.
We'll just have to replace them with contemporary figures who have acceptable progressive views. Like JK Rowling maybe. *Checks news* Ok, maybe someone else.
There are some similarities to the US's federal-state relationship, but also big differences. They are similar in the sense that there are some different laws in each country, but they all share the same citizenship, currency (although different banknotes), military, foreign relations, etc. The big difference is that the UK is a unitary state, not a federation. In the US states have a constitutional right to govern themselves to some degree. The federal government can't just suspend or get rid of a state government. But in the UK, any government within its borders exists at the will of the UK Parliament. Since the late 90s, 3 of the 4 countries have their own governments. Then there's England which is ruled directly by the UK Parliament. England does have a lot of its own laws now, as a consequence of the fact the other countries have their own governments to handle those things. Even before this there were significant differences between the countries. When Scotland and England joined together, part of the deal was that Scotland would keep its own legal system, which is significantly different to England's. So even though they were ruled by the same Parliament for nearly 300 years, a lot of stuff was still different in Scotland compared to England. It was similar for Northern Ireland, but less so for Wales as that was considered part of England for a few centuries. Even now Wales shares England's legal system, and the Welsh Assembly has a bit less power than the Scottish and Northern Irish governments. As for the name, "country" is generally preferred. "Constituent country" is used if you need to differentiate them a country in the sense of a sovereign state. "Home nation" is also sometimes used. Calling them regions or provinces could be offensive as people might percieve that as a lesser status.
Depends on the game and the kid. I wouldn't rigidly stick to age ratings, but I'm also not going to let a young kid play something extremely graphic. When I was a kid I played games I probably shouldn't have. I have more awareness of the content than my parents did. Also games are different to back then. I played the original GTA as a kid, but that was pretty cartoony. The most graphic violence is that people turn into pizza when you run them over. Compare that to something like the torture scene in GTA5.
That's a very broad question which makes it difficult to answer. Do you have any more specific questions about life in the UK? It might also be helpful if we knew where you're from so there's something to compare against.
It's the same with most food and drink. Pretty much anything that's good for you can be bad if you have too much. And many things which are bad for you are ok if you have small amounts. I use to be a member of this dieting group. You were encouraged to eat lots of fruit, but not smoothees even though they are just basically just blended fruit. The difference is it's difficult to each so much raw fruit that it's bad for you. But if you blend it all the sugar from the fruit is more concentrated and it's easy to drink a few smoothees and have too much.
It is currently. British Summer Time (BST) is UTC+1. Potentially the UK might switch to it permanently. The EU has decided to abolish DST, so the UK could follow suite. If it doesn't, then Ireland and Northern Ireland are going to end up in different time zones part of the year, which would be weird.
On a somewhat related note, it's common for people to call Britain a "tiny island". But if you think about it, it's actually a pretty big island. Sure there are some islands which are bigger, but out of all the thousands of islands on Earth there are only 7 which are bigger. And one of those is only slightly bigger.
I'm not getting my hopes up for any FF related reveals today. Maybe they'll show off this new IP they're supposedly working on though.
I assume this question is aimed at Brits. I alternate between dinner and tea. I grew up in the south where it's normally dinner. But my grandparents were from Yorkshire and I often had "tea" at their house. Now I live in the midlands with my wife from Merseyside. So I can't decide whether to call it dinner or tea.
The problem is it's mainly killing people who are old and/or ill. So they probably weren't in the labour market anyway. It's unlikely covid will cause a labour shortage. It's more likely to reduce demand for labour.
That wasn't anything to do with faithless electors. That was because of electors voting for Trump, as they had promised to, because Trump won the popular vote in their state. The main issue is that most states have a winner takes all system. If you get the most votes in that state, you get *all* the electors. Whether you get 100% of the vote or 50.1% of the vote, it makes no difference, you get 100% of the electoral college votes for that state either way. Clinton got more individual votes overall because she just got more votes in states where she was comfortably going to win anyway. So they didn't count for anything.
Good point, and that actually brings up another flaw in the OP's idea. Not much good rewriting games in a higher level language if many of the platforms you want to release the game on don't support it.
One thing to note is that the size of the game doesn't really relate to how powerful the console needs to be to run it. A game that looks stunning, but is entirely set in a forest might take up less space than a game that doesn't look as good, but has a much wider variety of environments. Seems like the main thing you're asking is how do console games improve in quality over time when the hardware remains the same? Developers continually make improvements to make things more efficient, so they can make better looking games even with the same hardware. Maybe they find a more efficient algorithm for something. Or they find some sort of "shortcut" which uses less processing power but looks just as good or better. Or find more efficient ways to arrange data in memory. Or even just learning where it's important to have more detail and where it's ok to have less. Part of it might not be technical, they've just had more time to refine and improve their artwork so it looks better.
Not directly. But it costs them nothing, and giving you some free currency might keep you interested in playing the game, and that might mean you buy some more.
&gt; If doesn’t really matter what they change, you have to download the whole game again, maybe they can leave out some stuff, but the majority of stuff has to be downloaded again That really depends on the game and the change. There's no fundamental reason you'd have to download most of the game again, it just depends on how the game's data is split between files. If they make a small change to one piece of data in one small file, then you only need to download that file. The problem is if it's a big file you've got to download the whole thing even though the change is small. And sometimes that small thing they changed might be in multiple files, so you have to download all of them.
Fundamentally both the current and next generations of Xbox and Playstation use PC compatible CPUs. They have the same instruction set at least, so you could say they speak the same language as PC CPUs. But there are other differences. A big one is that on PC you usually have a GPU on a separate card, with its own memory. But on consoles you have memory that can be used by either the GPU or CPU. Consoles might also have some specialised chips that PC's don't necessarily have. For example they have chips that can decompress data so the CPU doesn't have to do it. They also have video encoding/decoding chips so they can record your play without slowing things down. That said, I think some PC graphics cards also have chips like that, but on PC you can't guarantee everyone has one. Console CPUs and GPUs might also have special instructions and features that PC CPUs/GPUs don't. I don't personally know any details about, but the possibility is there at least. They are custom designs and the software only has to run on that specific hardware so they can add those features.
So the government knows who you are and that you are eligible to vote. In some countries they don't have to register to vote, but that's usually because they have a more centralised system where the government already has records of who you are and where you live that they use for many things including voting. The US lacks that centralised database, so instead you have to register with various different organisations within your state for different purposes.
Yes, I've definitely heard "You're in England! Speaking English!" at some point in my life (not aimed at me, I don't know any other languages).
My guess is that they just reinstated their previous constitution when they left the USSR instead of writing a new one. The view in the Baltic nations seems to be that their time under the USSR was an illegal occupation. So maybe Latvia considers their consitution to have been the legal one throughout it.
I'm allergic to camels. Well maybe. It's not confirmed, but when I was a kid I rode one at a zoo then came out in a rash. I vaguely remember being taken to the doctor about it and they asked if I had been in contact with any animals I'd never been around before.
My house is covered in hay (I have rabbits) and it doesn't bother me, so I assume it's the fur I'm allergic to. I know what you mean about animal allergies. I have 3 cats as well as the rabbits. My brother is allergic to them, which is a shame because it means he can't visit my house. There would just be no way to avoid the cats and their fur.
Funnily enough, I picked some cherries earlier today. Didn't get many though. Most of the time something else gets to them before I do. I also have an apple tree in the back. I do pick apples from it, but I end up with so many there's no possible way I can use them all.
You might be thinking of FMV (Full Motion Video). Still counts as a cut scene, but distinct from an in-engine one. The term is a bit outdated now that in-engine cut scenes are also "full motion". It made more sense back when games were 2D or very simple 3D, so were far more limiting than what could be done in a video.
In England we study a variety of topics, mostly within British history, but not exclusively. We don't learn the entirety of British history though, there's just too much of it. Schools/exam boards select a few topics for each year and teach them in some depth. So there are big gaps in British history that a lot of students aren't taught about.
Prince Charles, but he might not be called King Charles. He could pick a different one of his names (he has lots), likely George VII.
I wonder what he'd think of GTA. By many accounts it's a very American game, except for the fact it's made in Scotland.
I think the more widely accepted explanation is that "Little Britain" was Brittany rather than Ireland. Although in this case I don't think it's necessarily one or the other.
Because much of Hong Kong's land was only leased to the UK for 99 years. Splitting Hong Kong up wouldn't have been practical, and realistically if the UK didn't hand it over peacefully, China would have taken it by force.
How come Pakistan has so many more English speakers than India? It's fewer in absolute numbers, but proportionally it's far more. About 50% of the population in Pakistan, vs about 10% in India.
They have additional downloads and/or multiple discs. RDR2 had 2 discs and several updates have come out since release which you need to download to get the latest content. Not sure how many discs MW has on PS4, but I know since release several updates of many GBs have come out.
It's not the first time I've seen statistics like this, so it's not that I don't believe it. I just wonder why there is a difference.
Whenever a company closes down their property (including intellectual) property goes to someone. If the game is still for sale the profits will be going to whoever the owner is. In this case Lionhead wasn't an independent company when it was shut down, it was owned by Microsoft. So Microsoft already owned the rights to Fable, and they continued to own it when Lionhead was closed. So your money goes to Microsoft. In other cases the games are often bought by other companies. For example when THQ went out of business the rights to their games were bought up by various other companies (including one which also bought the THQ name and rebranded their company as THQ Nordic). Sometimes games disappear from digital stores while ownership is being sorted out. In some cases they might not come back if there are legal issues with continuing to sell it.
No, it doesn't render RAM obsolete, nor will it revolutionise computing. It's very fast for a storage device. It's faster than any consumer level SSD you can currently get on PC. But some aren't far off, and comparable SSDs will probably be on the market soon. In fact Sony is counting on it because you'll be able to install an additional SSD in the PS5 if it's fast enough. It's still a lot slower than RAM. The PS5's SSD can do 5.5 GB/s but the RAM does 448 GB/s. So RAM is still nearly 100 times faster. It could be a big change for games though. Not so much the PS5's SSD specifically, but the fact that it will be possible to design games around the fact there is an SSD. Even though SSDs have been available on PC for years developers still have to design their games around slower hard disks because not everyone has an SSD, and most games have console versions which have to work on a hard disk. The fact that new consoles have SSDs as standard means that will effectively set the minimum requirement, and developers will be able to start designing games around their capabilities.
&gt; The 9-20Gb/s is only for extremely compressed data and you lose the advantage because then you have to decompress it. I think the point with the way the PS5's hardware is designed is that you don't lose the advantage because of decompressing it. It has a specialised chip for doing the decompression instead of the CPU having to do it. I think the 9GB/s figure is taking the time it takes to decompress into account.
The UK and Great Britain are different things. Northern Ireland is part of the UK, but not part of Great Britain. So the two terms aren't interchangeable (although sometimes people treat them like they are).
Donkey Kong Country was one of something like 3 SNES games I owned. I also had Goldeneye and Diddy Kong Racing on the N64. I know a few people who work there.
&gt; so basically from now on new SSDs with an integrated decompressing chip will start showin up for consumers I'm not sure about that. I assume it won't be long before you can buy an SSD which matches the raw speed of the PS5's, but I don't know if they'll have built in decompression. Games will still be able to do the decompression themselves on the CPU (as is common now), but it might not be as quick as the PS5's specialised chip. &gt; or is it loading assets to RAM only at a much faster rate and WHILE the game runs as to avoid loading screens? It's that. Data will still be loaded into RAM and the CPU will access it from there. It's just it will be much quicker and that means you don't need to have as much data loaded into RAM at once. With a hard disk you need to have quite a lot loaded in just in case the game will need it. But with this SSD the theory is it's quick enough that you can load data in just before it's needed.
I think it's showing how many hours it takes to fill in the paperwork for VAT.
I didn't really think about Warwickshire at all until I moved there. Now I associate it with Shakespeare and video games.
There's not much difference between a sata and an NVMe SSD on most PC games because they haven't been optimised to take advantage of them. Given a lot of PCs just have a sata drive, and the console versions have to work on a hard disk, there's not much incentive for developers to change the way they load data to make better use of fast SSD speeds. If consoles have fast SSDs as standard that gives developers more incentive to optimise things more and they no longer have to take hard disks into account. So going forward you might start to see more PC games where having a fast NVMe drive does make a difference.
I bought some Super Noodles and Pasta n' Sauce because of the FF7 Remake promotion. Bit of a strange promotion, but I'm not the only one to go out and buy them because of it.
None of those options quite fit my point of view. I think they are mainline games. It's why they have the names they do. But I also think they aren't all that comparable to the single player ones. FFXIV is a great MMO. But it's an MMO. I consider it fundamentally different to a single player game in such a way that a direct comparison is unfair. But at the same time they are still worthy of being considered mainline titles. I've played a fair amount of XIV and I like it, but there are also many reasons I don't like it as much as the single player ones. That's not because of any particular faults XIV has, it's just because it's an MMO and MMOs aren't really my thing.
I think it's a bit unrealistic to expect the average AAA game will be smaller on PS5 than they were on PS4. Not having to duplicate data because of the SSD and better compression will save space, but I suspect not enough to make up for the generally increased amount of data due to 4K textures, higher quality audio, etc. So games probably won't be smaller, they just won't grow in size as much as they would have otherwise.
Exactly, I think it's intentional they don't look exactly like real humans. It's meant to be a more realistic, but still kinda anime look.
Presumably states could change the way they allocate their electoral college votes if they wanted to though? So they could give them out proportional to the candidates' votes instead of giving all of them to the winner. I suppose the problem with that is there's no benefit for the state to do that unless all the others do it too.
Are you talking about a secondary school? As in half the class would be able to go to university for free when they've finished and the other wouldn't? It's possible I suppose, but I doubt many people live on one side but go to school on the other. The area around the border is relatively sparsely populated, and they have completely different education systems. I assume no school catchment areas straddle the border. State schools in Scotland might not even accept students not living in England and vice versa. So if you live in England but go to school in Scotland it's probably because it's a private school. In which case you probably don't care too much about the cost of university. If you're talking about people already at university, then that's probably pretty common. Lots of people from England study at Scottish unis even if they are no where near the border, which means they have to pay tuition to be there, while the Scottish students don't.
Yes, different countries will teach things from different perspectives. In that particular case British kids aren't taught that the British empire was a good thing, but they also aren't taught in great detail about all the bad things it did. I learnt about how Britain traded slaves, but didn't learn anything about what happened in India, Ireland or really any other countries Britain conquered.
Unfortunately yes. See also the Daily Mail and the Sun, and loads of others. They're basically the UK equivalent of Fox News (The Sun is even owned by the same company). We have stricter rules for TV news, so it's up to the newspapers to spread sensationalist garbage.
This mistake is easier to make if you're a native speaker. Those words all sound the same so it's easy to confuse them if you're just writing out what you're saying in your head. If you're a non-native speaker who doesn't think in English you're less likely to make that mistake. And even if you are fluent in English to the extent you often think in it, you probably learnt to read and write English alongside speaking it. Whereas native speakers learnt to speak first, and then learnt to read and write it later.
Are you certain the cart is genuine? There are a lot of fakes out there, and they often lack the ability to save. If it is genuine, it's possible the battery has run out (they require a battery to maintain saved data) or the cart is damaged.
I'd at least like PS1 and 2 backwards compatibility, at least with titles that have already been released on the PS3/PSP/Vita store. From a technical point of view it would be relatively simple to implement that via emulation. PS3 may also be possible, but that's more questionable. But that still takes resources to implement, and I understand that it probably makes more sense for Sony to allocate those resources elsewhere at the moment. Maybe one day it will come though. Even if it doesn't make Sony much money, I hope they will do it as a good will gesture, and to counter Microsoft's approach to it.
In the past the main reason you couldn't do that is because the console companies had policies forbidding it. They wanted all online play to stay within their systems which they control. In recent years they have loosened those restrictions, and there are a number of games which do support cross play between different consoles and PC. It still takes work to implement though, because each console still has its own online systems. So to support cross play you need to create an online backend for your game that supports connections from all of them simultaneously, and can matchmake with players on a different system. As it's still relatively recent they have been allowed to do this, a lot of games don't have that in place yet.
At the moment it's 0 because I'm working from home. Before that it was a 45 minute walk. I have a car now so when I go back I could make that a 10 minute drive instead. But I might continue walking anyway.
I've heard of fur babies for dogs and other pets, but I can't think of any uniquely British words for dogs.
A stone is 14 pounds in the same way a foot is 12 inches. So if someone weighed 145 pounds we'd say they weighed 10 stone and 5 pounds. I assume it's prohibited for official use because weight is usually in metric for official purposes. For example packaging for food and other items would have the weight in grams or kilograms.
I'd say most adults do have a driving license, but enough don't that it wouldn't be regarded as particularly strange. Everything's closer together here and public transport is available. If you live in an urban/suburban area you can get by with buses and taxis, and use trains if you need to travel further away. But someone in a small village or out in the countryside probably wouldn't be able to do much without a car.
I think most people lose interest in many things when get older. There's a lot of stuff that I was into when I was a teen/young adult that I've lost interest in. But I think it's just your interests becoming more focused. Gaming is one thing I haven't lost interest in, but the sort of games I play is a bit more limited now than it used to be.
The USA is a federation. That means it's a union of states, each of which have their own governments, but they have agreed that the government of union (aka the federal government) should be in charge of some things. So if you compare this to a unitary state it does seem like in some ways the states are like separate countries. The state governments are in charge of lots of things, laws can be very different between states, etc. The federal government can only make laws in areas which the Constitution says it can. But it's also one country in many ways. The individual states can't make treates, or have official diplomatic relations with other countries. They can't go to war or anything like that. Several other countries are federations like the USA. Most give the federal government more power, but it's the same basic principle and laws differ between the states/provinces/federal subjects.
In the UK it's pretty niche, but sometimes country songs get popular enough to break into the mainstream.
A currency being "weak" doesn't necessarily mean an individual unit is worth less. The Japanese Yen is a pretty strong currency, but a single Yen is only worth $0.01. I think a strong vs weak currency is more about how the value varies over time relative to another.
Yes, that's why these days games are usually only exclusive if they are made by the same company as the console, or they paid a developer to make a game specifically for their console. Exclusives used to be more common because the consoles were so different it was a lot of work to release on multiple consoles. You basically had to rewrite the entire game for each one. So it was only worth the cost of developing other versions if they could sell enough to make that money back. This still happens sometimes, particularly with Japanese games. If Japan is your target market there's no point in making an Xbox version because pretty much no one there has one.
From what Sony has said, it sounds like the speed of the PS5 won't be throttled to match the PS4/PS4 Pro for PS4 games. So that means it will at least smooth the frame rate out and reduce load times. Games that have an unlocked frame rate will run in a higher FPS. So it might be a decent improvement for some games, but games that already ran at a solid locked 30 or 60 fps wouldn't be any different. I suspect there might also be an option for developers to release updates for PS4 games to include PS5 upgrades. So it's still fundamentally a PS4 game, but it can detect you're playing it on a PS5 and enable a higher framerate or resolution or something. It sounds like this is what Cyberpunk will be doing until the proper PS5 version is out.
To add to that, even if a big AAA studio is using an engine like Unreal, they have the time to make sure they are using it in an optimal way, and maybe even make their own optimisations in the engine. And I'm sure a big AAA game will be able to get more support from Epic (developers of the Unreal Engine) than a small indie studio.
Probably comed from people either getting them mixed up with the Falkand Islands or the Shetland Isles which are roughly in the same area.
&gt; It’s reputation as stoned / drunk food is accurate. Harold and Kumar makes so much more sense now.
Maybe. It depends on the country. I hear Germany doesn't have tuition fees even for non-EU students. Other countries may have some fees for international students, but they may be lower than what you'd pay in the US.
I've ordered from AO and I have got the extended warranty. I've had a lot of bad luck with washing machines and dryers (or maybe I haven't been taking care of them properly), so I thought it was best to get it. That way if one of them does pack up at least I should be able to get a replacement pretty quickly. Maybe with a dish washer it's not as important though, since it's easier to get by without one.
If you already live in the UK, yes, you can continue to live in the UK indefinitely after the end of the Brexit transition. Otherwise you will no longer have the automatic right to live in the UK starting from 2021. You would need some kind of visa to live in the UK. Once you have a visa there is a path to obtaining permanent residency once you've lived in the UK long enough.
However in that particular case the same rules apply because Switzerland has a deal with the EU. Likewise for Norway, Iceland and Liechtenstein. But it wouldn't apply for say a Serbian or Ukrainian citizen.
We also skipped generation A through W. Millenials were sometimes called Gen Y just because they came after Gen X, but the Millenial name caught on more. Maybe we'll come up with a different name for Gen Z too. I think Zoomers is catching on.
I'm not too familiar with IGCSEs, but assuming they are equivalent to regular GCSEs (I know the I stands for International) then no, it's not equivalent to an A-level. When I was at school doing higher maths just meant you did the harder exam which allows you to get the highest grades. A-levels are the next qualification on from that.
I'm actually not sure if my primary school was technically a CoE school or not, but we did do prayers and hymns. Hard to say if it influenced me. I never felt like there was any expectation that we should actually believe in it. I don't recall teachers ever saying "this stuff about Jesus is real, but this stuff about Zeus and Hercules is not". It was all the same to me.
&gt; The only time she has done this without parliament's consent was in Australia in the 1980s, a divisive moment to this day. And even then, in reality *she* didn't, the Governor General did. Her authority was used to dissolve Parliament, but it was the Governor General who made the decision to do that. I'm sure the Queen was kept in the loop though.
It's illegal to pay someone less because they are a woman. That doesn't mean it never happens, but if a company was systematically paying it's female staff less then they would probably get found out. However often women are less likely to be promoted than men. Also some women dominated jobs are often quite low paid compared to ones dominated by men. E.g. nursing and teaching. It's pretty hard to pin down whether they are low paid *because* it's mostly women who do those jobs, or whether it's for some other reason. But either way, it's a factor in women earning less on average than men. It's not blatant discrimination because men in those jobs presumably get paid the same amount, but as it's mostly women it brings the average down relative to men.
I don't think the UK is still obsessed with the Beatles, but I wouldn't be surprised if they are more popular in the UK than in the US. They were a hugely significant cultural export, so people are proud of that and still consider most of their songs to be all time greats. But it's not like we're stuck in the 60s and don't listen to anything newer. Pop and rap are popular genres.
Some people just don't use PCs for gaming. They prefer the simplicity of consoles and don't want to spend lots of money on a gaming PC, nor are they particularly interesting in learning about what components and how to set it up and so on. They just want a box that sits under their TV and plays games. If you're not going to have a gaming PC anyway, then Microsoft's exclusives are effectively Xbox exclusives. PS5 is probably more attractive to most people as things stand, but if MS release some great games that could change and more people might pick Xbox over Playstation. It does mean Xbox will lose out to people with PCs. If you do have a decent gaming PC then it's true there's not much point in having an Xbox. But Microsoft doesn't care. You can only buy their games from them whether you get them on Xbox or PC. If you have Gamepass, Microsoft is making money off you whichever platform you use it on. And once they have you buying stuff on their PC store, maybe you'll start buying other games from there too. Microsoft's strategy is to straddle both the PC and console markets.
Back in the day, it was fairly common for someone to have both a Playstation and a Gameboy. The Switch is the modern day Gameboy, but also happens to be playable on a TV. So I think it's pretty common to have both a Switch and either a PS4 or Xbox One. Personally, I actually use multiple consoles less than I used to. It feels like there's less need to now given that Xbox and Playstation are basically the same. Compare that to the PS1 and PS2 generations where the consoles were different enough that they had some games which wouldn't be possible on the others. Now they have some exclusive 1st party games sure, but outside of those it doesn't make much difference which console you have. I don't have any statistics on multiple console ownership though, so that's just a personal anecdote.
Grated cheese, cold savoury rice, king prawns in seafood sauce, maybe some chicken, mushrooms in a ketchup/mayo mix, and some actual salad. Not all mixed together if that's what you were thinking. It was served as a buffet. I actually quite liked it.
There are tons of articles saying it's a myth and that there's no scientific evidence it is anything other than a placebo effect.
There are places where translation and programming intersect such as localising video games. A lot of work can go into localisation because there are so many different grammar rules it needs to be able to deal with for all the different languages. And then there's dealing with languages that are written right to left, and loads of other issues like that. I'm not sure knowledge of programming would be useful as a translator, but knowledge of translation would certainly help if you were programming that sort of thing.
TVs typically refresh at 60 Hz. That means you'll get screen tearing if the fps isn't a factor of 60. That's when you get part of one frame and part of another on screen at the same time. It can be really distracting. Usually developers think it's better to be locked to 30 with no screen tearing than something higher with screen tearing. On PC you might not get screen tearing at 45 fps if your monitor is more than 60Hz, or if you have G-sync or freesync where the refresh rate adapts to the game's fps.
There's not much point including more information in the error message if the user can't do anything about it. If you get an error because you're not connected to the Internet, it will probably give you a useful error message telling you how you might be able to fix it (connect to Wifi, check your router, run diagnostics, etc). But normally when a game crashes there isn't an obvious explanation for why the error occurred or what you can do to stop it. The error message could tell you "Access Violation occurred at address 0x00005FC56C006B57", but most users won't have a clue what that means, and even if they do understand it, there's nothing they can do about it. Maybe there is some specific action you did in the game which caused that crash, but if the developers knew that when they were making the game they would fix the bug instead of giving it a more descriptive error message.
Presumably they drive an automatic, so there is no clutch. But they also mentioned gear shifting? Ok now I'm confused.
I'm guessing part of the reasoning for making it a new state is that it would give it 3 electoral college votes. As opposed to maybe increasing Maryland's votes by 1.
The Internet is a network of networks, and there are devices called routers which connect those networks together. Routers are called that because they literally select a route to send messages along. They inspect the IP address and figure out which network they need to send the message to to get it closer to its destination. The router you have at home is a very basic one because it only connects two networks together, your home network and your ISP's network. So it just needs to figure out if the message's destination is outside of your home network or not. But more complicated routers might connect many networks together and needs to keep track of which ranges of addresses can be accessed from each of them.
Some of those things just can't be turned into decimal based units. A day is based on the time it takes the Earth to do one rotation about its axis\*, and a year is the amount of time it takes to complete one orbit around the sun. They simply do not divide evenly into each other. So the only way to have a metric calendar is to either stop counting time in terms of days or stop counting in terms of years. But they are both meaningful periods of time for human society, so a metric calendar like that would not be as useful. As years are such an odd number of days, that means months can't be a power of 10 number of days either, unless they stop being in sync with years. Again, that would not be very useful. In theory hours, minutes and seconds could be made metric. A day could be split into 10 hours, split into 100 minutes, split into 100 seconds. But that means redefining seconds. And seconds are already effectively the metric unit of time because it's one of the base SI units. That means lots of other units are defined in terms of seconds, so they would all have to be changed too. To be honest I can't think of a logical reason why a week isn't 10 days. I guess it would just be really difficult to switch over. It would completely change society's working schedules. \* Technically the length of a day is the time between midnight and the next midnight, which also takes into account the distance the Earth has moved around the sun as well as the Earth's rotation. So a day is exactly 24 hours even though a single rotation only take 23 hours 56 minutes.
Presumably her parents would be genetically identical though. I guess it depends how these alternate dimensions work.
Britain did use slave labour, but they did not take many slaves to Britain itself. Instead they were mostly taken to Britain's colonies in the Caribbean. Not many black people lived in Britain until the 20th Century. Many of them came from the Carribean, so their ancestors were slaves. So it's a bit different to the US, but it's similar in that the country they live in was responsible for enslaving their ancestors.
I do. But I think I may be in the minority. And if you're peeing in a urinal you don't have the option, there's no toilet paper.
That's not why France has so many time zones. It's because it has bits of territory all over the world. The main bit of France in Europe only has one timezone, but then they have French Guiana in South America, then a bunch of islands in the Atlantic, Pacific and Indian oceans spread across loads of time zones.
The disc by itself doesn't really do anything. You need a code and a subscription to unlock the entitlement to the full game on your account anyway. So if you want to try the game out you might as well download the free trial.
FF7R was built with Unreal, so maybe they've changed direction when it comes to engines. Or that was just for 7R and for XVI they'll be going back to a proprietary engine. I think White Engine/Crystal Tools/Luminous Engine were their attempt to make a reusable engine that they could continue to use for future games. They could just never get it right apparently.
The population difference between England and the rest of the UK put together is huge. About 84% of the UK's population lives in England. There's no population control going on. It's just that England has been the dominant power in Britain for centuries. Edit - Just seen your edit. There are no separate immigration controls for the different parts of the UK. There are just fewer reasons for people to immigrate to Wales than to England.
They're typically different kinds of nationalism. Scottish and Welsh nationalism is primarily about achieving independence or at least greater autonomy for those nations. That's the primary motivation of those movements, so they don't exclude people based on their ethnicity, they want independence for all the people who live there. In England that's not really an issue, because England is already the dominant nation in the UK. There is no serious independence movemement. So the main kind of nationalism you end up with is the exclusive, xenophobic kind. This is a big generalisation of course. I'm sure there are Scottish nationalists who don't like ethnic minorities, and I'm sure there are some English nationalists who want independence or autonomy but aren't xenophobic at all. But generally speaking different kinds of nationalism dominate. Northern Ireland is complicated, and I don't feel qualified to comment on it.
They're only against it because much of their content is only licensed for specific countries, so they are obliged to attempt to stop it. But they have no particular reason to go further than they have to. They still get their money whether someone's using a VPN or not. So they really only have to do the bare minimum to combat it to keep the companies they are licensing shows from happy.
I wonder if there was a particular reason for not legalising it in Scotland when they did in England and Wales. I know Scotland has a separate legal system, but at the time there was no separate Scottish Parliament. So for whatever reason the UK Parliament decided to make it legal in England and Wales, but didn't create equivalent legislation for Scotland. Maybe Scotland was more conservative than England back then so they thought it would be too controversial?
I think it could be considered a remaster. The line between port and remaster can be a bit fuzzy sometimes. In both VIII and IX they added more detailed character models and some built in cheats. So if VIII is a remaster, then surely IX counts as one too. Perhaps even more so considering I believe IX was rebuilt largely from the ground up (it uses Unity) whereas VIII Remastered is some sort of emulation of the original PC version. I suspect one of the reasons VIII was called "Remastered" is because VIII was already available on PC, so it needed a different name.
Skyrim came on a DVD, not a CD. So in both cases it's the same amount of storage. A game like Skyrim is made up of lots of repeated data. There are loads of dungeons in it but if you look around the dungeons are mostly made up of the same models and textures repeated lots of times. So it doesn't need unique copies of that data for every single place it appears in the game (although it may be duplicated a few times for performance reasons). You can't do that with video. Video is compressed in various ways, including only storing the changes from one frame to the next instead of the whole thing. So In a way it can also reuse data to some extent. But if one episode of a show reuses a set from a previous episode there's no way to reuse the same bit of data for both episodes. We can easily tell it's the same scenery, but as far as the DVD player is concerned it's completely separate. It has no knowledge of what's in the scene, it's just looking at pixel values.
I think OP means the opposite. It's not popular at all in the United States but is in other countries.
Not particularly. You never sound the same in a recording as you do in your own head, so it sounds wrong to you. It doesn't matter what your accent is.
That's news to me! I know they're not blurred out on women.
Some might have compatibility issues, but most PS4 games should work on PS5 whether they come from discs or from PSN.
PS4 does, so it makes sense that PS5 would too. It's up to developers to add mouse and keyboard support to their games.
&gt; Maybe there's an innocent explanation, but it's also entirely possible that Sony could have made the PS5 backwards compatible and chose not to so they could sell you the same games again. Look forward to another full price rerelease of GTA V I think that could be true for games from PS3 and before, but to be fair the majority of PS4 games will work on it and at least some games are going to have free upgrades to the PS5 version. It's up to Rockstar if they want to do that for GTA V, but even if they don't the PS4 version should work fine on PS5.
How can a state have laws allowing two people of the same party to run against each other? Or I suppose what I should be asking is how can a state have a law *against* that? Or is it that California uses some sort of ranked vote, so two Democrats can compete without handing victory to the Republican candidate?
