probably not honestly
&gt; the level of respect afforded to Russel T. Davis in keeping the 10th doctor's last lines the same was incredible I think you may have mistaken this for something other than the meme that it was.
please don't, we would be dreadfully devastated
Give it a day or two. They switched to following their marching orders on net neutrality pretty quickly.
Of the three non-Hyrule locations to appear since his introduction (twilight realm, world of the ocean king, and the sky) he appears in two.
Honestly that's the only one on the list I *don't* wanat to see, for exactly that reason. Along with being sorta broken, it breaks the logic for why Normal and Ghost are immune to each other in the first place if both immunities are present at the same time.
No, read it instead.
administrative bloat is a real problem tho
PCF really is somewhat sketchy, though. That shouldn't be conflated with the people complaining they can't spam slurs in chat.
Honestly it's interesting in its own right for how fundamentally different it is from Gen 3-4 and beyond. But I wouldn't recommend it as more than a curiosity.
Sherlock Holmes is not owned by anybody, although some of the later stories are under copyright.
It may not *make sense*, but they did clearly mean The Doctor when they say Time Lord.
Not keeping tabs on that insane crowd is exactly what got us into this mess in the first place.
nice plug
In public interviews of them together, Will openly encourages his son's "deep philosophy".
Certainly whatever event actually takes place will be loudly proclaimed as a successful Brexit.
All I can say is it's extremely irresponsible considering how common copycat suicides are.
big if true
This may be the most "conventional music" thing he's made so far.
Hotter take: separate urban and rural areas into different countries.
There is literally a subreddit setting to require gold to access, however nobody has ever used it for any purpose other than /r/lounge related circlejerks.
I'm pretty sure the Capaldi clock opening was fan-made, so... possible?
And then Alexander gave him $100.
Competitive singles is less about the actual battle and more about switches. Also, it can be vulnerable to stall. All around doubles makes for far healthier competitive gameplay.
Yeah, that's what I mean by sort of. Not the core series, but still trades with it.
nice purity test
No he just seems that way because he's too bigly smart for you to understand him. Not Scott Addams here btw
He's a bad person in both, but he realizes and grows out of it in the books only.
&gt;friends
Ah, fair enough then.
*YouTube videos paraphrasing proof that had been known for months and circumstantial evidence that had been known for years
I'm not sure anyone knows, since most things that old don't have the clearest evidence.
is [snake eater](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9aHQnDTd1y4) too obvious
Not necessarily at first. But he has to be that way to prevent the plot from ever going anywhere.
Really everything about the shows *officially* being in the same universe yet not crossing over with the movies no matter how much the situation calls for it.
That actually changes things significantly. I really did believe he had convinced himself of the lie, at least for Dragster. But if he claims a *recent* 5.54 it's just compulsive lying.
Along with every position imagineable on every issue, yes.
Timing starts on console boot, fight me
Wouldn't this be a matter of federal policy?
The Tintin movie was exactly what I hoped for we should be okay.
I'm pretty sure that Cliff Brown is not the right colour for the texture between Canalave City and the route to the east, but at the same time I really don't know what it should be.
Yeah, it's definitely not snow. Possibly swamp water, maybe something else... I can't even identify what it's meant to be let alone what colour that corresponds to.
This is actually a pretty good joke, killed by the terrible delivery.
4 1,2,3 4 remix 5
I have a trade deficit with my grocery store. I give them money and they keep giving me food instead of giving me money back.
They already have. Tangrowth, Purrloin...
What about Yellow and the original Japanese Blue (whose catchlist has never been released internationally before)?
With the experience formula in this game, catching up in levels should be much, much faster than in other generations.
"Initially this city was identified with Hiroshima; however, the nearby historical city of Izumo strongly resembles the Japanese word 泉 izumi, meaning a spring or fountain. Izumo is also notable for its tombs, which may be the inspiration for the Ruins of Alph."
0/3 so far, nerves are real
During sunny days, Trudeau, but I'm nevertheless glad to have had Harper around for the recession.
Sounds to me like Trump's is self-reported.
The crazy shit being "buck-a-beer" instead of "ban Muslims from Ontario". He may be populist, but the gap is enormous.
That should just make it... Good &amp; Evil.
You may want to look into the Zero Escape series.
I thought they were talking about zoning laws...
Well, these *are* the people responsible for those worthless "this website uses cookies" banners.
Thank god, hopefully we can be rid of the silly tournament soft-bans too then.
The flipside of course is that ZeRo didn't go Sheik either.
I hate to say it but the joke itself is decent (Funwaa belongs here regardless)
Turn up the damage ratio to compensate?
Why is Sheik before Zelda??
...what reason at all do you have to say that?
By Sakurai's numbering, it's Smash 6.
I hope we can move away from the absurd 1111 softban now that customization is explicitly a Mii-specific feature and online allows them to be used fully.
Be prepared for the toggle to not do what you consider the obvious thing more often than not.
Pokefloats one of the least likely besides Miiverse, due to being one of the most complex unconfirmed stages that hasn't appeared in Brawl or later.
I think it's likely there will be at least some left out, even disregarding Miiverse and Pictochat / Flat Zone variants.
I feel like most of the time this question is asked, people who hink of 4-5 unrealistic choices anyway. I'll give you just one: Ribbon Girl.
With Miis being (by design) the only customizable character, and being allowed online, I hope we can finally drop their arbitrary restrictions from the last game.
The social factor was a fundamental feature in Splatoon, but more of an easter egg in Smash that existed because 1) the infrastructure was already in place and 2) first party games may have been mandated to have some form of Miiverse integration.
Regular Link gets better every game while the kids still seem roughly the same as their first appearance.
Someone made a strong case for Chrom earlier, due to him not making any separate appearance in the footage we've seen. Inkling/Octoling is the only other obvious possibility that sticks out to me.
They're really leaning on the release/announcement order in this game. I would be extremely surprised if it doesn't go in order from 1 to 70 (or whatever the final count is). Notably, this might mean Miis are treated as first class characters in All-Star.
Melee officially had 3 clones, Brawl 0, and Wii U 3. However clones have become more and more similar to their original in the last two games, due to the presence of tons of semi-clones.
It's battlefield background lmao
They are the only 3 characters officially considered clones that have been announced so far. (Dr. Mario is no longer classified as one, although I doubt he's diverged much more from Mario since Smash 4. So even the official categorization is ultimately kind of arbitrary.)
BBS, DDD... what's the fifth, 0.2?
I believe Melee stages are actually the hardest to port, since the data is still usable from Brawl and later, and N64 has much simpler stages.
Temple was *always* the accurate name of the stage. Hyrule Temple being a common reading due to how abnormally short the name is otherwise.
That... more or less defeats the purpose of the character. But I'm cautiously hoping that once online allows them to be used normally, the community will quietly drop the arbitrary restrictions used for the previous game.
[/r/TheyDidThePocketMonsterMath](/r/TheyDidTheMonsterMath)
Only in the sense that Snorlax does.
Even so, still shocking that they seem to have been rated lower for adding new content instead of being a rerun sold for full price like the other generations.
There will definitely be more, but it could be extremely few.
He's an echo of Melee Mario. Normal Mario has diverged since then. Young Link is in exactly the same situation.
Definitely won't be *both* in the game, but I'm fairly sure there will be cameos from one or the other.
This is the kind of attitude that leads to lunatics like Trump.
Don't look at me, I downvoted for the misleading thumbnail.
Relative to the popularity of the series, Animal Crossing seems notably low... although that's reasonable considering the nature of the franchise.
inb4 fourth Link
Stop watching the remix and switch to the original.
No: Miiverse, Flat Zone 1-2, Pictochat 1 and maybe 2 Seems redundant but they have both Young Links so wtf do I know: Sector Z, Planet Zebes, a Mushroom Kingdom, maybe a Mute City
Ridley and K. Rool were much more forced memes relative to the prominence of their character. And one of them is actually in the game.
They're more so than Waluigi, which is all that matters for this post.
Ridley/K.Rool posts were even worse last game, it seems a bit arbitrary to ban them by character.
But Ridley *did* get in because of relentless asking, even after Sakurai rejecting the idea several times. What reason there is to think the same isn't true of Waluigi?
Also, Harrison Ford kept asking to be killed off, although nobody knew it at the time.
Pikachu has changed less so it's still a bit arbitrary.
Maybe previous installments, but this game is targeted directly at western Melee players.
No, you're thinking of the male version of Gardevoir. The kid with Type:Null is able to turn normal moves into electric.
Remember there was no E10 at the time.
The japanese equivalency is surely Geno if anything?
There are chains many thousands of comments long, from when it was still possible to reply to comments less than 6 months old even if the post itself was older.
There's a similar idea behind this t-shirt: https://topatoco.com/products/qw-cheatsheet
That was explicitly referring to the time spent flying away...
1 syllable vs 3 syllables in a fairly generic word.
And of course, most shuffles result in an order of cards that has never occurred before in the history of the universe. So "same probability" does not mean in any way likely.
So in Japanese, saying Link to the Past would be ambiguous, like saying Zelda 64.
None, if you're using common encodings. Note that the filetype for video is simply a container and each can be used with many different encodings.
It's a faulty port, where the port happens to be implemented as an emulator.
The DKC series has deliberately taken him out from modern games, though...
Calling them customs for Miis is misleading, that's more like how the character works.
Well, those are all poor candidates for Smash for the same reason.
If the stages are genuinely being remade, Orbital Gate Assault's odds of returning just shot way down, unfortunately.
Note: this list isn't really meant to be a literal classification of the odds of any specific stage, so much as it is grouping of conceptually similar stages together. For example: * Fountain of Dreams is extremely likely to make a comeback given its simplicity and enduring popularity, even more so than a couple SSB4 stages (Big Battlefield and Orbital Gate Assault). * Pyrosphere-minus-Ridley is hardly the least likely stage in the game, but the reason to doubt its return is similar to that of Miiverse. * The Flat Zones aren't at all even odds with each other, it's really more like 75&amp;#37; odds of X with 25&amp;#37; odds of 1+2 without X. * The "almost identical to a Melee stage" stages from N64 are probably more likely to return than the "long journey" stages from Melee, despite being listed in the opposite order here. Just because of the relative difficulty involved in recreating the stages.
Remember the game is in progress. Other than Pirate Ship, stages may be planned but not complete yet.
The question for PictoChat is not whether one exists, but which one and how many.
Far less so than the others in the category same, but one of them being cut for redundancy still a plausible situation. Especially with the functionality of Mute City Melee already being represented by Port Town.
It's confirmed that without hazards the solid platforms are present and unbreakable.
They're just rock solid, yeah.
I just like the look and sound...
"Countries with more gender equality" being a strong proxy for "rich countries", which makes this still a bit surprising but no longer paradoxical. If you can make decent money without being in STEM, then money is less of a motivating factor overriding whatever force it is keeping them out of STEM in the first place. (Regardless of whether that force is a matter of interest, discrimination, or both.)
Miiverse returns as the home stage of the latest guest fighter, Sans Undertale.
Surprised you didn't ask about Donkey Kong... Anyway, the answer is that it's what makes Sakurai comfortable including so many characters from the extended Mario series relative to the total roster size.
Finally released in the west with Pokemon Crystal on 3DS, nineteen years after its first appearance in the anime.
Blue and Yellow toad when
For a level 70 Mewtwo at full health with a Poke Ball, it will work about 1 in 60 tries. (Worth mentioning, story legendaries have been given extremely high catch rates in the last few generations. Full health Necrozma with a Poke Ball will work 1 in 2 tries.)
"only" 5-12, he says.
&gt;Tetra's time has passed &gt;Lists King K. Rool and literally Geno as in the running You do understand the absurdity here, right...?
Worth mentioning, the unlock order and reveal order match for the only two secret characters from Smash 4 (Junior and Duck Hunt).
YYYY-MM-DD tho
The winner is U.
No really it is. Stable, presentable builds are a lot of work and it would be a lot of dev time lost for no actual benefit.
They're pro-free trade solely because Trump supporters oppose it, which they do out of hatred towards foreigners.
The big question here is, what happens in the Pac ditto.
This is unironically the main reason I ever use stash.
I would think it's far more accurate to say they pass, by refusing to deal in these encodings.
Just realized there's going to be a generation of programmers who grew up on logic gates in lets play videos....
No.
&gt;Supposedly playing WoL and exiting can also unlock fighters I think that's based on the same timer?
Machine learning is not a magic bullet. This behaviour is coded in.
Please don't put Miis on your tier lists if you're pretending that 1111 is an accurate representation of them.
It was in season 1. The drop in viewers is pretty significant after they took some time off to make several weaker seasons of other shows.
It unlocks Mario.
Signs point very strongly to yes.
The second half showed an inkling of what that good show could be.
It's perfectly fair to be upset about it... for the five minutes until they announced it was being removed.
Am I looking at [this footage](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aDdWkZ3xnxc) wrong, or does the belly break mechanic actually make K.Rool really bad?
Are these pictochats joke votes, or do people actually want a second one more than Orbital Gate Assault/Woolly World?
If it's really a matter of number of hits, then a patch limiting it to 1 hit per belly attack would do a lot to assuage my fears.
Non-mathematician here. Is there a distinction between antilog vs exponential? I've never heard that term before.
...from no cracks to shield break from a single attack, though?
It only existed because of Nintendo mandate to put Miiverse in every game. It's not central like it is for Splatoon.
Or in Melee singleplayer... Using c-stick for smashes was more like an afterthought in that game, the main purpose was camera adjustment.
Ya but not WoL
Wait, so Richter is literally an Alph with a second character slot?
Can you not just smash as usual?
no
Dedede's only a villain like half the time, himself.
Yeah, I wouldn't be surprised if it did things like replace the entire archive of Spirit renders or G&amp;W's whole character.
Because there are barely any.
Without echos, the grand total of newcomers is *six*. That's less than half what Brawl or Smash 4 added.
LGPE and Mario Party spirits.
Literally anything that directly acknowledges upvotes gets an automatic 4x upvote boost, it had nothing whatsoever to do with quality.
Surely Olimar is the obvious answer here.
If it's not obvious, the bottom row isn't a real row... it just means that if you get to the end if your own character's column, you start unlocking from all the other columns, left to right.
Seems reasonable to me (the game flow is supposed to be choosing your character for the stage), but somewhat contradicts online's refusal to let you switch characters at all.
GAMERS RISE UP
No clue but he is *heavily* reactionary.
Make a lobby
There is no concept of a default moveset for Miis, and never has been.
Make a lobby
Think of it this way... If you and your opponent choose characters that are good on wildly different stages from each other, one of you is getting a huge disadvantage when a stage is chosen that you don't like. But with the stage chosen first, both of you can choose a fighter appropriate for it.
make a lobby
This sounds like a much bigger gap than it actually is, given the hardware advantage.
Replay export already covers that feature, and the memory not reserved for 30 seconds of HD video can be used for other purposes.
You know, they really should be called assist spirits now.
There is controls for tags, and there is "no name" controls which get used for online and WoL.
Set the "no name" controls.
I think those are for the *other* spirits mode.
Yeah but it still feels goofy, launch day bring the least active I've ever seen this place.
Apparently, you can just limit the size to 2?
You can just make another...
Sakurai warned you this would happen.
If the limit is two people, the line is nonexistent, by my understanding (I have not personally tried this).
Export replays
Stop playing quickplay
Don't... there's a massive amount to unlock, and going through the *entire* cast with your friends will get tedious after a while.
No he's not. It just rolls over into him being the basic DK unlock.
Please stop making strips whose content consists wholly of talking about upvotes.
Make a Mii
The horseshoe is on the other foot...
Decent suggestion in the comments to use 2P mode to skip the one potentially avoidable bit, maybe worth a follow-up if that option turns out to work.
&gt; What is GSP in classic mode mean and where does it come from? I did solo and got like 60,000 but in duos we get way less like 6,000 or 8,000. That makes sense, though... doubles classic being about a tenth as popular.
tutorial videos
NONE of them end with Sonic. When you finish a column, it defaults to going through the remaining columns, left to right.
(This is why, despite being disliked by casuals and competitives alike, time has been the default for the past 20 years.)
This makes it blatantly obvious that the methodology for however they get their data changed at that time, and was not fully compensated for.
Higher than Brawl is absolutely insane. Was the Wii not as big there?
Stock stealing exists... this is really only useful if you've already won.
The lyrics are the worst part by far. Odyssey absolutely made the right call by having the references be oblique and letting it work as a standalone song.
The exact point was to stop taunt parties, though...
It's by series order.
This does happen, most notably if 2-3 people are taunt partying and gang up on the remainder, but even in 1v1.
Traditionally they gang up on the 1-2 guys actually fighting and then resume the party.
Important to keep in mind, the headline number is Wii U only, when actual sales were split between two consoles.
Elite is not a different thing from the regular online. It just means high end of GSP.
Tons of NES games let you start near the end with a password. This is never done, because it's universally agreed to be stupid. Although technically the most objective definition of any%.
&gt;This is why GSP is an irrelevant stat to track players. You lose a ton when you lose a game, you win marginal amounts, This is not a GSP thing. That's just how ranking systems work.
No, that honor is reserved for DK's singing voice.
Dr. Mario in Ultimate is *literally* Mario with smash 4 equipment applied.
Dark Samus and Richter differ in the elemental properties of their attacks. Daisy is the *only* echo fighter to be essentially identical.
This is why 3-man arenas are the best. Maximum wait time is one game, but there's no downtime if one visitor leaves.
Time is objectively better in terms of incentives than stock, for FFA. Kills actually matter, and nobody has to wait things out after running out of stock.
This would be the most appropriate kill possible, if he was playing Ganondorf.
Ya
Nope, the tweet is worded poorly. The sprite is originally from mother 3. It was ripped by some fan, who also randomly put a couple blue pixels on it. They took *that* image and used as a spirit.
To an extremely minor extent, yes.
The more people have ever played the game, the less a single point of GSP is worth.
Because you're supposed to be playing Time instead (even though literally nobody ever does).
It's a unit that is intuitive to count upwards as your probability of death increases.
Most people don't play most characters.
It wasn't just full house, it was Cosby.
Or bugfixes
.......can you not just give Ridley the relevant spirit?
Well, 2v2 is the least popular option by an enormous margin. There's not always going to be someone searching at the same time as you.
You're mistaken about Labour being a Remain party, even though you would expect the opposition to be on a 52/48 referendum.
That was the joke I thought
Probably the majority...
The main reason they never would is that Missingno in the sense we're all familiar with simply does not exist in Japan.
How do you reconcile this with one of its primary goals being to balance fighters for *all* game modes, though? Maybe it can be done, but I don't see how.
Not Junior? He's improved, but... not enough.
Little Mac, surely?
Yes. He probably has the record even disregarding that, but it's far harder to measure.
Ultimate, specifically, actually was designed to be competitive even though the series and other games weren't.
FFA requires four willing participants at once, now. Not so easy to match without pulling people out of 1v1.
Ridley clashes horribly and nobody cares about that.
I mean The demographic of this sub does cycle out fast by definition
&gt; I keep facing opponents with literally 8 to 10 times the amount that I have. People wanted ruleset prioritized above all else, so this is one of the side effects.
No.
This one actually makes sense. There are an "infinite" number of Mii fighters, so eliminating them doesn't really make sense. The classic mode ban, on the other hand, is totally unjustifiable. They could have just made all the fights be against other non-Mii brawlers, gunners, and swords, and it would fit regardless of what your specific Mii is.
I think a good compromise would be that sudden deaths *adds* 200-300% to your current percent.
My stupid peeve about the game: we have *three* copies of Link, and yet not a single one gets to keep the Gale boomerang. Obviously it makes sense why, but it still bothers me.
This is a great save and all, but... doesn't this have nothing to do with the reasons the category was brutal before?
Daisy has no differences at all, except for trivial hitbox tweaks.
Can you not do it from the CSS like in smash 4?
Then the system is working...
People asked for matchmaking to be based on preferred rules as the absolute top priority. You're going to inevitably have some lopsided matches as a result.
Strongly agree. They made the "climax" of the original song the weakest part in the remix.
Dark Yoshi confirmed
Unfortunately it has to be off, or else some people will never realise it's a team battle.
Honestly it's really frustrating that increasing the number of stages has led to a massive *decrease* in stage variety. It's pretty crazy that extremely simple stages like FoD and WarioWare are now considered a *liberal* ruleset.
But that's just it, quantity alone isn't a good measure at all of stage variety. 10 stages, all of which consist of a flat ground with 0-3 symmetrical platforms above, is quite a far cry from the days of Duck Hunt, Delfino, and Stadium in Melee.
And every other stage has heavies at a significant disadvantage...
Almost certainly yes, you will look different to them.
Having the game be different from just battlefield with different skins is the whole point of allowing multiple stages.
For Zero, broken means "pretty strong and I don't main it".
This Mario can grow from a Super Mushroom or taunt, therefore he is small mario. This Mario can shrink from a Poison Mushroom, therefore he is big mario. Thus, small is big and this question is meaningless.
How was the chatter able to react to this??
'//' is not recognized as an internal or external command, operable program or batch file.
BusyBeaver(111) mod 9000 + 1000
Dabuz?
Pokemon is objectively larger than Zelda, but has an independence from the company that all other first party series don't.
&gt;I don't think I can make any large-scale work for a while &gt;Comes back and makes fucking *Brawl*
Also apparently Nairo too, they played a ditto earlier today
Spiderman Mii
With different regions bring searched by different computers, how could it be otherwise?
One of those "squint a little and use your imagination" costumes, if anything.
Literally nobody deliberately tries for time, even though it is superior for FFA.
I don't know how you could reasonably argue this, with the direct opposition between Melee and the previous two games.
I think Sakurai said that was is hardest game to develop, and he didn't intend to return to it any time soon...
This damn near crashed the app
So of the echo fighters... Lucina, Chrom, and Ken have differences that matter, Dark Pit, Dark Samus, and Richter have differences that don't... and Daisy is just outright the same character with different taunts.
I doubt Dark Pit and Richter were given accidental elemental differences, especially after past clones such as Dr. Mario have been differentiated with the same.
I believe that's wrong.
We were expecting Lucina levels of difference... we got Alph levels of difference.
The element exists as its own property, but it has no effect.
That's why he is *now*, but if he keeps pumping out streams at the same rate it's going to be a long time before he loses the spot regardless.
At least 2 are so ya
The cause and effect might be pointing the other direction here.
Digital is better. Wii U is also better for most things, but most people ignore that and get the version they prefer.
So it's Defenders canon.
Casuals hate time matches, and will always switch to stock. This prevents them from doing so, while still making sure that a FFA will never actually have anyone run out of stocks.
Yes but it doesn't matter for competitive players who play 1v1 or 2v2.
Maybe the stats include the case where you're playing *against* someone in elite, despite being just below the threshold yourself?
Alright, then my guess is a bit vaguer, but I still think there's *some* glitch that happens when you're close to the Elite threshold, as you seem to be.
If you really like, you can even just do it with both characters the same the whole time, and it will still unlock everyone.
That's your opponent's setting.....
It's the same for both, and it should be the music from whoever's rules are being used for the current game.
I think 1-2 managed to stay internally consistent, whenever it seemed like it wouldn't it turned out to be a gag from Holly.
Riemann xor Goldbach xor ABC xor Twin Primes?
I want a proof to a question that depends on the answer to all of them at once.
I mean, "tons of things happened offscreen" isn't technically a plot hole. And it even introduces its own by averting the death of one of the twins.
Yes, that's part of the overwhelming evidence that P != NP. But it's still just overwhelming evidence and not a proof.
Since you seem not to be joking - hard drive read/write will essentially always be at 100%, unless your PC is somehow perfectly idle.
That's not news at all. Now, if we get the same headline but without "2019", then sure.
Later seasons of Bran are probably the best example.
TIL. I could have sworn it was first place at least after Smash 4's release.
Sure, but given that counts the same people twice it doesn't mean much.
Free online is free online.
Best powerup in the series.
Is there *any* valid use case for indexing by codepoint?
Aladdin's cultural significance revolved pretty hard around Robin Williams, which puts it at a unique disadvantage for remakes.
Probably not intended as 1:1 correspondence, but Jon has always been all about putting Ned's values into practice.
Just play on prepatch like every other speedgame does if it bothers you that devs are fixing their game. This should never have been an issue.
This one is actually a very good thing for the city, NIMBYs be damned. A stopped clock is still right twice a day, even if the clock was hoping to be a mayor instead...
No American team has ever won against a Canadian one in the finals without a president in attendance.
An example just like this one is listed in the link.
Probably made the worker's day, too.
readonly mode, maybe?
NaNst
So it's literally just personal branding at this point. I respect it.
Also, Canada is disproportionately online compared to the US.
Cave levels were downright draconian in the block limit last game, and scroll stop won't help there.
Also, this was already explicitly confirmed after the 3v3 championship.
&gt;Unironic Peterson apology on neoliberal I think you may be lost.
Yeah no shit. Still doesn't make it okay.
Of course, but it's still cheering an injury, and that's still not okay.
I don't think we wanted to win like this...
Not saying it's okay at all. But it's a visceral reaction, most of us haven't experienced anything like it before and it takes a minute for your brain to turn back on and realize what the hell you're doing.
Sure never stopped Link from having his massive ponytail.
You're being downvoted, but you're completely right. We're not far from a thousand Pokemon now, a large proportion of which have unique functionality that has to be supported and reimplemented every generation just for them. In the case of battle gimmicks, not only do they all have to work, but every one needs to work in combination with every other, every move, item, etc. And with that many, adding any new functionality that involves creating new assets for each Pokemon has to be ruled out unless it's going to be a major game seller. It's just not sustainable. I knew all of that in my head, but somehow I still felt like they were going to just summon infinite developers/artists/money and make it work anyway...
Ever play Paper Mario 64?
When people in the US are talking about immigration, they mean nonwhite immigration unless specified otherwise.
I don't normally watch basketball. Seeing the level of play so far above the rest of the series had me in awe as much as I was sure it meant our odds were sunk.
He's called Koopa in the cartoons, which would be the name anyone who watched them back then would be most familiar with.
It is a *very* good adaptation.
2 kinda came and went, didn't it? Mostly because of its similarity to the first season.
Problem is, Tropical Freeze already perfected that gameplay style, unlike Banjo where the genre has been dead for years.
I'd say all the "almost could haves" from this game balance out with the last one.
Happened to me after a while with my launch day 3ds. Replacing it is pretty simple though, unlike smartphones that are trying to manipulate you into buying a new phone.
Which is a repost of the actual movie.
No, that one died. This is Ford 2.
Stocks always fall after major announcements. They rise on the hype leading up to them.
This has gotta be the near the bottom of the list of all the dangers of this parade, even without the shooting.
I'm pretty sure he just wanted a four letter dot-com and the options were limited.
Wayne forever. There's really no question about it no matter what happens.
I'm often surprised by reddit's view of the police, but it's worth considering the possibility that they legitimately are much worse south of he border.
Be sure to post in the linked thread and not here. He doesn't seem to be answering yet, but this seems like a topic of interest for this crowd.
If that were true, Incredibles 2 would have been a decade earlier.
Someone make this edit
It's really not though. The entire time the game taunts you about how there *was* an actual story at some point but you're not allowed to play during the actually interesting time.
Surely this is just the ALBW engine with a tweaked artstyle, no? So an original game was the first thing we got.
This might be bikeshedding, but my only issue with the project is exactly that, the fact that literally everyone will just think it's a typo.
Lobbyists and marketers from the meat industry will do everything in their power to get people to turn against it.
All life? Certainly not. We can kill ourselves, and probably a majority of the animal kingdom, but life on Earth will continue.
1) can be worked around with little effort, 2) is working exactly as intended. 3) is an unfortunate side effect.
Amiibo isn't gameplay. Unless you count the crouch but that's now generally available.
Putting them under a semisolid looks pretty fine IMO.
Could be an old build...
*free fry fans
Yeah but which one are you going to remember more than a few minutes?
&gt;Q. Why are you doing this? Why now? This has come out of the blue! &gt;This has been discussed in the past on the ubuntu-devel mailing list and the decision to drop i386 has been going on for over a year. Not that I don't agree with the decision here, but this line seems a bit Hitchhiker's Guide.
It's more so that we don't see the combination of 1) the original docs being in HTML format and 2) someone actually bothers to rehost them.
Yeah especially if you consider how tired he would be from playing for two teams at once.
side still damages you doesn't it?
Underground levels with reasonably layouts were simply not possible with the old tile limit. The other limits didn't come up nearly as often in comparison.
Similarly this page taught me that my VPN browser extension is injecting a script into the start of every page.
GameXplain put out a couple videos with some criticisms of the game.
ExpressVPN is putting this script in, not sure what it does. https://pastebin.com/5gtSWwnj
I think the response body itself is not modified, and the injection happens later on, after parsing at minimum.
hmm sounds like an unpopular opinion you should post to the subreddit
(please don't)
I thought this thread was going to be complaining about it not being usable for Kaizo levels... I agree though, good change.
The blandness of him just being a generic "Hero" representing the whole series has a unique underwhelmingness to it if you're not deeply familiar with the series. In comparison Banjo has a unique design on his own (duck hunt notwithstanding).
Definitely disagree. The preview is MASSIVELY useful in course world for figuring out which levels are worth your time.
This is the legendary Pixelkabinett, if you were following the MM1 prerelease hype you've likely seen his Metroid level for that game.
Get this comment to the top, the whole premise of the thread is debunked.
Also, Canada is disproportionately online compared to the US.
/r/nocontext ???
The story was [originally written](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/List_of_Railway_Series_books) by a reverend for his son in 1942. It was a different time...
You're right, it doesn't prove anything. But [any software developer](https://xkcd.com/2030/) would tell you not to trust electronic voting software.
The logic is presumably that those themes already exist in the original game and use the regular music. Although, that just makes it more confusing that SMW has an original composition for the Forest...
Nowadays??
Bill Gates's argument here, which is probably correct, is that one of Android and Windows Phone was inevitably going to kill the other. He doesn't think a 3-phone market with two targeting the same customers could last.
Any given day will have some runs where it's packed and some where it's mostly empty.
A single one? You could remove half the glitches in this game and it would still be one of the buggiest games I know.
As a non-mathematician, it seems to me that treating infinity as something that you can "pass through" in any direction would be more directly useful for dealing with the functions that cause infinities in the first place, such as 1/x.
We're going to have a LOT of Minecraft stages based on this.
Yamamura's Dojo won't reduce the deluge of shitty levels, but it should increase the number of well designed ones.
A datamine deconfirms this unfortunately.
Yeah lmfao what is even this thread
It's not.
People always have some pretty out-there ideas whenever internal strings leak... There's a world map is story mode and in endless challenge.
Leak confirms there's no more.
This is a huge negative change and we should make some noise about it. Being able to look into how existing levels work is a very important feature in the first game.
Good.
Clear plus for the endless challenge.
There is none
Just put a pipe with a wall behind it...
Uh, IGN is the one known for overly generous scores...
No download is a huge negative. Kaizo changes are very good for typical players.
Charging Chucks are as complicated to implement as bosses are. Pokey is far more likely.
A lot of the above is pretty dumb, but she's still miles above Bernie with at least some potential to change her mind based on evidence.
Nothing's wrong. Nobody has any issue with it.
* cannons being carried by empty shells What the fuck? That's not Kaizo, that's a MAJOR gameplay feature.
Cannons on shells is my favourite mechanic in the game, and several of my levels center around it (see flair). I don't think the slow speed of a moving block would work at all.
Endless challenge...
Some of these features are highly complex and I can understand why some compromises had to be made (stacking and tracks especially are a TON of work). But it's the case of the fire bro in particular that baffles me, especially since its appearances in SMB3 and NSMB are far more iconic for it than the style it actually appears in.
That too. Movement is the same as Hammer Bros, the sprites exist in SMB3/NSMB and can be a recolour in SMB1/SMW, and fireball physics exist in every theme... there just doesn't seem to be any reason not to have them.
I can't believe "Galoombrats" 1) even exist, and 2) made it to SMW theme before Fire Bros or Pokeys.
I was expecting something halfassed, this is actually pretty accurate to the actual edit themes, well done.
He still does this? I thought the BillG stories were from years back.
I mean, when have you written code that works right on the first run, even if you knew exactly what you were writing.
I don't think there's that much fan outcry. It's not that important an enemy, the restriction is just strangely pointless.
VASTLY more if you consider the election to have been close enough for them to make the difference.
Not true. The Stiletto has no Yoshi equivalent.
It was overwhelmingly popular, too, not just some insane niche place for a dozen psychopaths.
And women, and they're not even a minority! So you see how unbigoted we really are.
How does it know I'm the same person on a subsequent refresh? Cookies?
Munchers weighing the same as jumbo Thwomps is goofy as hell, but I'm there for it.
They can still be lifted, can they not?
This is the real issue. Toronto doesn't have nearly the density that these prices show it clearly needs to have.
I like how Nintendo themselves have to put these hacks into their own levels to upload them.
There could be a time lock on it.
The cost of living is higher here, and salaries are lower. Some would come here anyway, but there would be more people going in the opposite direction.
Doomers
Seriously. Nobody cares enough about record functionality to make it worth sacrificing gameplay. Just turn it off or do whatever they need to do.
Put it on the long list of bad design choices for that game.
Someone who skips without dying even once might not get counted as a play.
You're perfectly welcome to just play locally in a non-cooperative manner.
lmfao don't the people complaining always say there's too much emphasis on the donations?
That feel when ACE is found but it's faster to just run through the walls to the end.
The guy really does sound just like a T_D poster arguing in bad faith.
United State of the Observable Universe
It's incredible. SMM1, the day one levels you'd get one good one out of ten. Somehow there's a vastly higher proportion of good ones this time around. There's a lot of possible explanations - the boo system, makers being more experienced this time around, the fact that you start with everything unlocked, zero play levels being put in Endless mode less often than in the fist game... But all those explanations are wrong. The actual reason, I'm almost certain, is the fact that online is paid now. Not so many toddlers uploading anymore...
Paid online. The reason is paid online.
Yeah, but if you remember that check-ignore exists, you probably also remember about global .gitignore.
It's not the boos, it's the paid online.
There's a huge difference between a very hard but fair level and a Kaizo level. The latter belongs nowhere near the Endless challenge.
Why are people using every random unrelated thread as an excuse to spam level codes?
Calling a level bad on purpose is no excuse for bad design.
Find a streamer with 5 viewers asking for viewer levels then, is my advice. Then you're sending then to someone who wants them, and you get to see the level actually played.
Every level got played. But one huge difference there is that you're not competing against Story Mode for plays.
I would assume it's the same as before and you got lucky, but maybe not.
Don't hesitate to use the Luigi assist either.
Beach, Lava, and Tower/Fortress are the 3 recurring styles that are missing. Problem is, none of those styles were made distinct from ground/underground/castle until the NSMB series, so they'd have to do a lot of backporting.
Sometimes literally just sugar
Carbon tax. You want a carbon tax. This is just a horribly distorted, far less effective version of the same.
Well, this is a co-op level, so not too big a deal.
Ok but you guys do understand from 2016 that ironically memeing the chakra candidate is only going to bring actual new agers out of the woodwork and form them into a voting bloc of stupid, right?
That's not weird given that it adds combinatorial complexity that they would have to account for. In comparison on/off blocks are trivial. (I'm guessing they didn't want confusion between them and beep blocks.)
Upload it and send it to a streamer or friend. Take note of all the ways it frustrates them. Delete and reupload with the issues fixed.
Apparently, it's possible, but ONLY on local multi-switch wireless.
Infinity War became the classic that it is because of Thanos's more serious motive.
Somehow you've managed to leave no trace od what this post was
That's just an artifact of the unreasonable timing method.
Then why is there *still* no leaderboard for any% in 2020?
I have to say, disassembling the output of a program I'm writing to figure out which seemingly-equivalent expressions of the same algorithm compile efficiently and which don't, I not something I could ever see myself making part of my workflow. And yet it comes up time and time again here as the reason the author's code is written the way it is. But then, I'm no systems programmer. Maybe that's already standard practice for them, even without throwing Rust into the mix?
That may be what made it my favourite, actually.
This. The movie would have been an unironic hit in 2002. Audience taste is just... better than it used to be.
Tfw any% is considered a meme category on the same level as [Ash%](https://pastebin.com/zAgZb90Y)
I think it's for technical reasons related to shrinking the download size for the majority of players who don't have both games.
Radcliffe only takes roles that happen to catch his offbeat taste. Nic Cage only takes roles that pay money.
That's why the other 50% doesn't laugh.
My confusion is why humans are even involved in the process, if it's a matter of looking for mathematically well defined patterns in large amounts of data.
Ah so most of the time it is computers, but a certain specific situation leads to mixed signals that require manual human checking.
Unless you add a second developer...
Agreed. This is still the same toxic gatekeeping.
Pirates 2 was still by most measures a good movie, although not the lightning in a bottle that the first one was.
Would you call the US a minor country because they don't have a soccer league as big as other countries?
No different from what humans do. You get whatever answer you incentivise people to give, which may or may not align with truth.
I'm this case it's mostly that they didn't have a choice, they used up all the songs they had spent years developing.
The first movie was absolutely a worthy successor for a majority of its runtime. The moment Colin Farrell turns into Johnny Depp is the *exact* moment the franchise falls off the deep end.
Banjo was the only guessable one.
Wasn't he the guy whose strategy was to play riskier to maximize earnings?
Microsoft is in many ways the opposite. Long term support is their specialization, thanks in part to enterprise users.
I mean, evidence against these extensions is valuable in itself. But I think it is true that scientists expected there to be at least one alteration to the standard model revealed by the results, but they turned out to be 100% consistent with it.
You know what's even faster? Running on an emulator that runs the game at 10x speed.
Hardly surprising, really. Game Freak made a conscious decision 4-5 generations ago to balance doubles for competitive and singles for the campaign.
I'm super confused. I thought the kernel itself was the only project left still insisting on this convention, and the rest of the world had left it behind years ago. Same with 8 character tabs. EDIT: Apparently wife tabs is the kernel, 80 characters is PEP8. Nobody seems to be mad enough to insist on both.
Absolutely. It needs to be socially acceptable to speak up.
Masuda alluded to their being something special in-game on his birthday. Which turned out to be: diamond dust, increased egg hatching rate, and increased spawn rate. However players never noticed the second and third effect.
Never eat pears!
BB(111)
Nah that pretty much did happen. I think his original plan was for ranked voting, though (which also benefits the Liberals).
I imagine sooner or later you end up just looping whatever the fastest farming method is over and over.
Yes, it is indeed greater by three.
Ben "rap isn't music" Shapiro?
Google not existing would on its own have earned them more than that amount.
Half this list is way too Karen-ish not to have been written by white people.
Best not to take the category too literally, it's mainly defined by the blue warps.
I mean, not specifically, but it's in line with what they've been doing up until now.
When's the last time you've seen a phone number without an area code? We already do, really, despite the obvious regional bias.
Whatever else they are, they're not suicidal. (Well, except for the 6000).
Not sure if you meant the Gates themselves, but Microsoft has being doing fantastic lately thanks to the success of Azure.
Certainly he didn't invent any core ideas of computing ([though he knew his stuff](https://www.joelonsoftware.com/2006/06/16/my-first-billg-review/)). His contribution was in seeing that "a computer in every home" could *actually happen*, and following through on that.
But the interesting thing is, they were on the decline even in its early days.
I mean, I'd be interested, but the candidates for regions are basically "places Japanese people would vacation to".
You're still inside the square void-out box which surrounds the plateau. Getting to the bottom of the cliff is easy, but doesn't help at all.
I'm not saying there can't be plenty to criticize, but balancing the budget in times of a pandemic would be pretty bad policy.
If something is true infinity times out of infinity, it can't "just" be a coincidence. There *has* to be some insight to reduce it to a finite number of cases, otherwise even the most unlikely things will happen eventually. (Once you get to that point, though, the finite number of cases could all behave the same way for reason in particular.)
A "computer" used to literally be a human being executing mathematical algorithms. Mathematicians have been doing this stuff much longer than we have.
UAE is small.
The TPP was literally designed to prevent this dependence...
https://www.reddit.com/r/neoliberal/comments/gyha4q/if_god_is_a_utilitarian_there_is_a_100_chance
That's what the fed is for.
I can maybe believe that somebody would write these. But if they did, there's no way they were actually using them.
Prediction markets are genuinely valuable tools for incentivizing accurate predictions, instead of outrageous or prior-confirming ones.
