He sucks balls.
Hey don’t worry that coach will be back
Coleman looked like our dbs trying to make an interception
Hey I am all got fleecing them for whatever we can.
I want to get to the point where we are pats fan entitled
God I hope we see that and more very soon
Haha I laugh at you because you know nothing of which you speak. Fuck off troll
Jump in it’s a gateway
Yeah I can happily say fuck them and their shit head narrative.
Boooooooo
Haha you just got murdered in the replies. And now disappear. So awesome
And yet he didn’t seem like a soft pussy who wants the easy way out
I am blaming him for fucking up his one job not the 0-16 season. He has one job catch the ball
If he costs anything more than a 5th no thanks
Damn those extra shots tho
Yes good point
Yeah maybe but Kizer isn’t the guy not now. Maybe if he practices for a few years it’s possible. If we add cousins and keep Kizer sit Kizer for 7-9 years while Cousins does his thing then we can try again
Cousins would be my second choice behind Alex smith. If we go Cousins there is no reason to draft qb this year cousins would be the starter for a long time. If we go Alex smith and take Darnold at 1 and Smith would be good for 2 years while Darnold learns then steps in and goes for the long run at 22 years old
Forgot this /s
Add Kodi and use video devil or ultimate white cream addon
Yeah that part I know. I was thinking something new happened. Meh his movies are still fun to watch
Not really because Hue shouldn’t be the one making the pick Dorsey and Highsmith should
I mean if we had to be this pathetic I guess this is the year to do it
Bring him in with Alex throwing to him
Who cares he got smoked by Gordon
There is a difference between a real fan and a casual fan. Sorry
Losers
Man these “fans” who think this parade shit is fun and light hearted are pathetic.
My cousins step sister so...
Fucking loser. Any fan there is pathetic and not a real fan
No I am just a real fan sorry bud
Hah shit my fault
Are you serious?
You are trying to equate neckbeards with sports. Most neckbeards are not real sports fans. They are busy with hating women and video games
Haha I got your scam right here.
So many years ago
Who??
Last week
People will never admit if they used gear on here.
Good lord. Isn’t that buffalo abuse
Haha. Looking at that list there are only a few women on this planet who could even try to pull this off. Is this Wonder Woman posting this? I am betting the chick who wrote this has different color hair, a nose piercing, fat, and stupid glasses.
Yay more great memories
Oh no I have ptsd over someone saying merry Christmas ahhhhhhhhh
Temper tantrum implies I am angry and I couldn’t care less. This is what happens when people don’t like the truth when it’s pointed out and affects them. Go Browns
I don’t get it. So they want men to become women?
Fuck them they just got gruden and they have a real qb. We need all the love this offseason
It’s going to be interesting to see how he looks now and what he can do with carr
I am very curious. These coaches that are listed after that haven’t been in the game for a while always were interesting to me. I want to see what happens.
Sure because once I see you in person I can decide to stay or leave
Haha who cares
I think this is the first time since the return that the offseason is actually good not just different.
Hahah good fucking riddance
He is trash the special teams has been butthole for a while. Ever since cribbs retired
I am doing the same. But tell me you wouldn’t get excited if we got Alex smith and draft Darnold and Barkley or Fitzpatrick.
I don’t know either. I like him skills wise the most but if he gets rocked and it out for 6 weeks then we have to look at Kizer fuck that
Of course someone does. This is the time of year where qb hype trains are built and have plenty of time to build steam before the draft.
That dude who “slapped” him is a complete pussy. He needs his ass beaten.
Also if you are doing ketosis get the pee strips
Great trying to push the garbage on us. We have a real front office who will make the right choice
People don’t understand keeping the romance.
Took forever for her to fall
HMF you mean. Gravity will not lose
Hoping Jacksonville does what they did earlier this year to them
He’s a steeler fuck him
What exactly is brigading?
Ah ok
Yeah I am not taking it personal. I can see why brigading is banned but laughing at them and taking pleasure in their misery should be good
Hopefully that’s what happens
Oh what a great game. Good job jags.
It’s a picture. It’s not going to get you
So great
Much better with the blond hair
Didn’t need the title to tell me that’s a man
Way to get out of that bullshit haes. You have done great work
What did that fat moron think would happen
No way. I love seeing steelers fans in pin this is awesome.
It’s a picture calm your panties
Haha don’t say that man. You never know with this team.
I like his show. Hope they don’t jump to conclusions like they did with House of cards
There are reasons you can read in the main threads.
So they are arguing with themselves?
The Browns would be happy to take Smiths giant contract off your hands and even give you a late 2nd for him.
Still. Everyone knows he will be cut if no deal is made. Also he is what 34? He isn’t a long term answer at this point. Seems to me fans are over valuing his worth at this point. And I get it of course you want to get as much as possible for your guy but he just isn’t worth it.
I just don’t buy it. And I am betting a lot of GMs feel the same way. Maybe if he was 5 years younger and performing the same way I would be happy to trade a first or sign him to a giant deal but if he was so valuable there wouldn’t be talk of the chiefs ready to listen to offers.
Well it’s going to be interesting to see how it plays out. This will all be meaningless if we can lure Cousins here. That would be awesome but I am not holding my breath.
No the only time someone’s sexuality comes into play for me if when it directly affects me. I couldn’t care less what someone else does or likes or wants to call themselves. All the other examples you give do not affect me directly.
OMG right??? She has to endure her own bad choices
Only a moron would make the comparison
He has to be better than malarkey and mcadoo
Haha wow. Well she is a moron then going around living like that
People who smoke are also happily killing themselves.
Way over valuing. Besides you can’t use that Carson trade at all. That was Hue Jackson making crazy decisions with no one to check his power. Here Dorsey knows the value. Also what about garapallo only fetched a second.
Seems like you are assuming this was more than just a date date but she didn’t do anything about it at the time.
Says the person calling people names. Go fuck your self
Haha fucking beggar. You don’t have enough social media influence to make it worth his time. Go cry elsewhere
Those aren’t relationships those are friends with benefits.
It’s like everyone forgets when his whole bullshit started happening. Also the teams aren’t signing because he sucks now not because he kneels. Think Tom Brady would be a free agent very long if he knelt?
I have find it where he implied it.
Only way we don’t go qb at 1 is if we sign Cousins.
You’re right you won’t get answers they are cowards.
Easy decision
Whoooooo cares
Hah with Wolfs dong
Hey if Jenny McCarthy says vaccines are bad then they must be
Haha truly.
He doesn’t know shit if he thinks we are taking anyone other than Rosen or Darnold at 1. It’s getting ridiculous with the talk of the browns taking a 2nd or 3rd rate qb. Like the people hate the browns so much they want them to continue to screw up. That’s what it feels like
This would be awesome. Unless we get cousins then 1 can be traded for a gigantic ransom.
Yup. I hate to say “this year” again but this year we finally have a real front office. This is reasonable n for some optimism
I would draft him but not until the third
Yeah no thanks. The guy has no accuracy. We already have a big guy with an arm and no accuracy. Now we need a good qb.
Keep on trying. You sound like a fair weather fan. I bet you weren’t around before Brady.
This class has good qbs. 3-4 of them don’t make it out of the top 10. I really want Darnold because he will be great for a long time. And I think there is a better shot of that vs Allen paying off. I believe a qb falls to but question is which one.
You still would minus qb. JG is good. That’s your qb for a long time
He really is. And maybe that will play a part in what Kirk does. I am very excited for free agency
Maybe don’t do stupid shit
I wish
First off power in the US will never be cheap. Secondly why not turn all the lights off but one so you save power, money and come home to a lite apartment.
You’re paying for the bread
If we get a real qb I am hoping for the 7-8 wins and you are right you will hear nothing but I told you so. That’s how fans are they love to be right
Or you can get those lights you can control from your phone
Looks like we are waiting for the senior bowl.
Hah hey oh
Well all I know is that I am not a scout I just see who I like. I liked Rosen but the injury stuff scares me. And Mayfield looks awesome but who knows if it will translate to the NFL
If we sign smith the rook will sit the whole year easily.
Popovich is on the same level. After that there is nothing
Looks like he should have been one of those 80s celebrities who pretended he wasn’t gay then came out later when it didn’t matter
I wish she would have got knocked out
Yeah that’s what I thought. Go off you fat fuck and keep trying to fuck girls anyone with an ounce of self respect wouldn’t touch.
Haha yeah ok
Eewww fucking nasty. I bet this pig smells like sweat and piss
I meant for any positive test
And depending what we do at 1 our 4 pick could catch a huge bounty
So because someone chooses not to be married or have a kid they are children?
Yeah no shit. Too bad it’s not that easy
He is real good when he is crying like a pussy bitch for nothing
Fat and hairy arm pits. I bet her bush looks like a Wookiee. She doesn’t need to make that face we know you’re mugly
Damn everything I read about Baker make me think he is the man. I still think the pick is Rosen though and that would alright. Also if we get smith then I would be fine with Darnold.
As many people that shit on the Browns for the past this is a good situation that I think people want to be a part of as well as cap space.
I like how he is limping mayfield and Allen in the same paragraph. Mayfield is way better
I don’t want bortles anywhere near this team
This loser has no clue. He read one article by MKC and now it’s “Cleveland media” and no one wants Allen
KD vs Oden? Come on that’s their bad
Building muscle
Let her clean herself up she is an adult.
Straight
Do you want to die ? Because that’s how you die
Is that finger to her diet?
Easier to rape
I know. I get the hyperbole you are using.
Without steroid use
They are annoying and spread death
Great plan assuming his accuracy could be improved. He looked so terrible I doubt it
First time in years we have had a real and proven front office. They will do work and bring us some wins.
The excuse of fat fucks everywhere
I am happy it happened. Haley will have tools to work with. Get a real offense going here. A second year with Williams coordinating the d and we could have something going despite Hue
Exactly they are mad because we are actually making good moves instead of writing laughed at
Could use him in the Land
Jags announced Bortles is their qb next year. And don’t hate Haley could do something with him.
It appears it’s a third rounder and a player. I know we had to offer more but maybe we weren’t trying to give a 4 year deal.
Yeah because Washington is so awesome
Yeah would have been good with Mccown.
What a dumb fuck blue shorts is. Take your ass whipping and walk away
Oh man that guy will never even get close to seeing her panties unless he is doing her laundry
Better than tyrod
Tranq that beast
Hah that’s his problem
Redo Blade with Snipes
Haha Fuck you. We aren’t trading out 1. Besides to move up from 5 to 1 would take a lot more than just the 13 pick.
Dude BB is a hof coach that doesn’t happen often and Brady was amazing luck. Which will never happen again.
Yeah this shit is corny af not funny
Looks fake next
Because internet and they are anonymous and know nothing can happen to them
And somehow that dirty piece of shit is on the floor still. Amazing
I mean this dude was a good LT in college
Good I hope it eats at you and makes you play better the rest of the series
Nance looked great yesterday and it feels like he is getting better. I hope he is the reason for victory this series.
All he had to do was call time out
And he is something like an 80% ft shooter.
It’s melting
Yeah that’s all that’s left. We have to move on to game 2 and hope we don’t get jobbed by the refs again
Exactly. You don’t see hetros walking around making a big deal out of it. No one cares.
Oh yeah he has heart but I hate him for his terrible coaching
Good point.
Who is this fat fuck and what does he do
Haha thank you
Looks like a monster from that movie evolution with David Duchovny
She isn’t the one making all these bullshit comments and is just clowning the other at bitch.
I just don’t get how he is still getting so many minutes
Sure it does
Hey whatever makes you sleep better man.
Good grow into the number 1 spot
Sure they loved every drop
Man I am trying it this weekend. Thanks.
She is trying to hold on
Yeah that should be a part of the prep. Haley coached their stars up. This is what should happen.
Game 1 even our fan base isn’t that stupid
I love seeing articles that show our qbs on field intelligence
That looks like fun
That double slap at the start lit the fuse
Aw man I would have loved more story. Did you punk him and tell him where you at bitch or any reply at all from the telephone tough guy
I will take that all day when Ronnie is in there
How about separating the bullets if you have kids.
Exactly as it should have went
Hah I love that abrupt stop
Hahahahaha fuck this guy. Like the goat would take a pay cut secondly he isn’t a spineless pussy.
I had a dude back into while I was stopped. I was beating on his trunk and still nothing. Man it’s crazy
I have seen plenty of fat morons doing stupid shit at the gym. This is no different
Ok so because I use a word that means I am talking about myself? Haha ok
Yeah I see that. They aren’t going to give me anything it has been a while.
I thought it was a joke at first but then watched the video and the jeweler fit the baby with the watch
Honestly if sitting him makes him nfl next season let tyrod play the whole year.
Nice work security.
Uh yeah delete the number is how
I didn’t even know they remixed it. [i am digging it](https://youtu.be/eneLCTX7VFk)
I got a bunch of heat sinks and a laptop fan pointed t it now. It seems to work
Man I did chicken Park with pork rinds as the breading and I will never use anything again it was perfect
I am betting that’s her first time in one
Because those places have exercise machines
That’s the impressive part
Oh found the McDonald’s worker
It would be great if we never had to hear about gay or straight anything.
A bunch of dumb fuck kids who think they are cool and know how to drive
Haha way to go digging for anything from years ago
Yeah looked for the double leg. That was my reaction
So shit all over your grass just leave it why not?
Yeah next time we are choosing something more compatible.
That would work
He’ll be fine after a nap
Why not commit crime in the first place? Then you never have to worry about it
I have seen those stories from people busted years ago before real dna testing was a thing and that sucks. But now since it’s a thing people shouldn’t be wrongfully convicted. As for investing into rehabilitation that’s fine as long as I don’t have to pay for it because I don’t see a return in my pocket. For a place like flint that is part the people and the bodies who control what goes on with the city. We really can’t give a pass to someone who hurts someone with crime no matter the reason.
Oh man I agree completely. There is no way the .001% would benefit from making power free so there is no way it will happen
Hah. I think I will heed your warning. Thanks
Yeah well some people get what they deserve
A person who rapes a child then gets raped in jail I won’t shed a tear.
Looks good but does it cook like regular bread? For instance if I want to hook up a grilled cheese sandwich will the bread crisp?
Awesome video thanks
Not bandwagon. You became a fan a couple years ago the worst time for us and stayed.
Damn June sucks. Can we get to August 7th please
Wow who cares
I think he will get better.
Oh that was perfect
And? What gives that gross pig the right to sucker punch the racist
Thank you
At least she is covering what look like flat tits
Which is impossible
Noticed what? Not much there
We don’t know the context. That guy could have been fucking with him a lot more before the video started
Yeah that cba doesn’t really help
You know a virgin wrote this. The friend zone is a guy getting exploited by a woman he likes but wants nothing to do with him
Better than what we had last year at OC
Top wr money of course contingent on staying clean
How though?
Ah ok then whatever it takes to get him and keep LeBron would be real interesting
I mean what other criminals get to take their kids with them to jail?
When someone kills someone do they get to take their kids to jail?
Any kind of “drug” that was stigmatized years ago will continue to be looked down upon by the uneducated. Take marijuana for example it’s very helpful to millions of people yet people still think it’s bad for you. Until people are actually educated on the subject we will only see more of the same
Wow what a loser
And you titled it correctly. Nice work.
Bust that fat fuck and her shitty attitude towards a fast food worker.
Yeah fuck all that. I need to take a freeway to get to work and I int have hours to take to get to work.
Well if they are here legally this system could work. Why not make a fast track system that makes people legal citizens quickly but all the cost is on the people who use the system.
Way to catch a prehistoric monster
Yeah and if he does suck we have next year’s draft which is supposed to be good at oline
Impossible I don’t see a track suit
Should have kicked every tooth out of his head
Damn it seems like there are more pussies in this sub.
Well people who can’t use their fists use weapons
There are people who argue that? They can’t be browns fans
Problem here is all you have to do is turn the computer off
Not knowing friends isn’t a deal break if she looks good
Haha I don’t think anything would stop her
Who did worse?
Who cares when they look like that
Interesting. Ok
Haha tldr calm your panties loser
Haha snowflake is the definition of left pussies
Hey there is nothing wrong with a bunch of gay dudes posting pics
Not even close to hot enough to put up with that even if it is a joke
Haha fucking morons. They got off light
Glad I’m in America
Wouldn’t we also have plenty of expiring contracts to make deals with next year as well?
Cool art
Oh I am sure someone will be fucking this one tonight
Yeah staying in Cleveland
So what the thief got what they needed
Yeah that’s how some are wired
Fucking shit. I didn’t know people who are allergic to bees can be keepers
I can’t wait. The lakers fans are such douche bags.
Is the government doing it for no reason?
Watch out for those MySpace angles
Take vacation time to shit???
Because same people know there are two genders
Am if he would have been hit on the heart
Hahaha thank you
I mean if we are getting technical it’s 6’ 5/8ths
What the fuck
Art
This was good if you’re interested in listening how he killed people. I liked it because when it came out it was kind of shocking
Haha I want some tea
So blowing air on someone’s face can “suck” an eye out?
Haha no shit. You know it was some ugly obnoxious pig
I mean straighten your legs and cross them. How hard is that?
Hey I agree with her as long as it doesn’t cost me any more than I already give and doesn’t stop me from making money
Damn man. That’s way too young to get married. Wait until 40
Fat and stupid
I haven’t watched them at all. What makes you think they are very beatable? They have won 8 straight and aren’t messing around.
Hah
Fuck. We aren’t ready
Wtf
Well they want to hate on us for some reason
Fucking callaway hold on to that ball numbnuts
What do you mean? Baker played terrible in the first half
Because why laugh in someone’s face when they are already losing? Like I said shit heads
Sounds about right
Thank you
Thanks a ton man. This will help me find it
Uh why not if they are paying?
No I was genuinely asking a question. And him being there isn’t disturbing the peace.
Remove anything that hurts our chance at the top pick
All praise be Dorsey
It always cracks me up hearing a woman say she doesn’t want to get all swole. They have no idea how it works
Thanks
You too
Not my type but I see why people would like her
Aren’t Lucifer and satan the same
Thanks I didn’t know
God if this guy can become a good LT that will help us huge with this upcoming offseason.
Hahahahaha
Yeah your right he has only missed 3 pats. My fault
That needs to be changed. Any team should be allowed to decline a penalty at any time.
Fuck these crooked refs
No thanks. There are better coaches out there we don’t need to spend a pick on
Beer cozy
Yes and more pain to a rival would make you even better
Took the words out of my mouth
Seconded
Send the playbook
He is already wrong now though
I mean look at the comparison. Who is better now you tel me
You know Howard hates everything
Ah I see. I know you don’t want to admit I am right so that’s cool. Back to your board. Adios.
What year?
That’s what happens when you have ghetto tenants
Remember when we would get inside their 20 and always take field goals? I do. It seemed like it was just last season
Fucking shit heads. So glad they are all gone. I know our kicker now better be practicing this offseason. And I hope there is a competition
Yeah Carrie is depth. We need to upgrade our secondary
Well that’s good for us.
You know what I take that back. Bring back Phil.
Haha yes perfect idea. I wonder how many on here didn’t want Baker. I know I was Darnold then Baker.
Or if we had a competent kicker
They can score 2 tds as long as we score 3
That isn’t the ideal situation for him either
We are getting handled. This isn’t awesome
Come out angry and make the broncos question themselves
Well it’s not now damn it. You’re right though
Right but at what point is that feel good bullshit not enough?
Downright fucking retards out there
Just shut the fuck up and we win that exchange
Oh the salt is delicious. Fuck them.
Saw this in the game last night. Baker is the man plain and simple.
Pats you suck balls I hope you are done
We can still get second place in the division. Two more wins. On to the bungled
Just ask rg3
20/20
Why
Fuck yeah we dodged a bullet.
Exactly correct. Now because we are on the upswing we will be rock solid before anyone else is. That way we can become the bullies of the north. Just keep beating people into despair.
The best is Colquitt blowing kisses
Man shout out to the Browns
Do not ever mention the junky and Baker in the same breath again. Unless it’s to say Baker is a million time better than the junky
Damn he has to do all that while making all the money?
Yeah. They are the best headphones I have ever used. They are worth the 300 bucks
And 2 tds
Get me a good kicker and then I will
Go up by 40
Second
That’s a nice message for people. I don’t care about it because I am too lazy to do so. Plus I don’t want to get banned on here by some crybaby snitching on me. Ya know
Amos is trash.
One more to go.
Right I wish we could fuck them both over.
Hahaha beat me too it.
Fuck man. That’s two in one year. This off season should be dedicated to proper hitting.
Damn and this is not the same “ next year” talk. This is going to be a long off season
He is wearing a Haden jersey so. I wanted Darnold and then Mayfield. I am so glad no one heard me.
I love these videos. They always prove us fans don’t know shit
Stop their run and let’s get the W
I just hope the refs don’t fuck us over with bullshit because we are in their house.
We need to get him under contract for a couple years and try to trade him for a 3rd or better to some starving team.
I mean I hope we win to have a winning record. If the steelers get into the playoffs I hope they lose round 1. No one here wants to see the rapist get another ring.
Oh I will lose my shit if we beat them. They won’t hear the end of it
Start Baker this year and he already has the record and would be adding to it this week.
I read he is a problem in the locker room and just doesn’t try hard anymore.
I am all for that
For reasons like this game we should never let off the gas
Haha no one wants that morbidly obese pig.
Why is that guy so angry
And people still go in water.
I didn’t know that happens automatically. I thought it was up to the people to request it or even do it themselves.
People are begging shit heads.
Fucking disgusting
Really bro? Dude is a serviceable backup at best.
Dude needs to get his head right and then bring in someone to teach proper tackling.
Stupidest thing I have ever read on here
God I hope we win so I can go live in their misery
Yeah because LeBron is the lakers. I can’t stand espn.
Where are the bounties when we need them
This piece of shit Lamar is a great running back. Kill him please
Fuck your cheap offense. It won’t last.
Should be a touchdown for the Browns
What’s new
Fuck you butch.
Too bad he didn’t
Yeah he is a shit head. We need a real kicker
He is trash.
Our kicking is trash. Fire jones and toss our kicker in the trash where he belongs. They are lucky
They have a running back who can kinda throw
Fuck you fuck off.
Eat a fat dick
You will
It’s a shame
Listen fuck off it was a good game for your team. Go away and I hope you lose first round.
When we play again we won’t have nail biters. We will beat the shit out of you. Gtfo
Haha too easy.
Yeah this already sucks. I don’t want to see anything that isn’t browns related. Well unless it’s the chargers winning next week.
There you go. I already don’t want him.
This guy is going to be a stud for s long time. He missed a year before this season and he started this year rough but has improved. I am looking forward to see this guy turn into our AB
That waste of space kicker should be gone
Most of their fans are dumb fucks
Hope he doesn’t
Didn’t Gregg already say he would go back to DC? I think he would be fine
Even the mods are racist morons
Yeah I don’t either.
Fuck it let them cheer the Browns and it the Browns lose and they leave you know who you can and can’t take seriously
What you don’t like the 53 cent tax on gas?
That can’t be his baby can it?
Oh man the other guy should have walked over and pissed on him
Nope. We are doomed
It probably would have been a fight when he tried to grab me like he did in the first. You can’t let people get that close
Haha really? I didn’t even see that
Great read. Too bad you can’t hear the players on those clips he linked.
Yeah I hope the guard will be ok
Uh after seeing Baker play with the worst coach in history and seeing what Freddie did with him I have shed my sorry attitude of being the same old Browns because WE ARENT the same old Browns. We havent had a FQB since the return. We havent had a real GM since the return. We havent had a top 5 WR and RB at the same time since the return. We havent had a dline like this since ever. There are plenty of things to be optimistic about.
Didn’t drew give up on the Browns
Oh man stop. First off just because someone likes snoop doesn’t mean they are gang affiliated or do drugs and secondly it’s corny if you aren’t a gangster.
All because the dumb piece of shit missed his exit
Not really amazing but good for him doing it
Customer isn’t always right mostly they are shit heads.
Nice pants hahahahhaa
85k? And? Good luck living on that. And I like how she throws 'small dick' in there. Nice try to throw that insult when you have no clue about his dick size
Fuck him and fuck you
Accurate too
Come on man not the true super team.
Leaving while getting a ticket is fleeing. Just because it was slow doesn’t make it any less of a crime. Please oh please try to walk or drive away from a cop busting you and film it. I would love to see what happens. Learn how to read idiot
If we can make it then great. I don’t give a fuck about Brady or anyone else. Now I am not going to hold my breath this year for the SB but I would love to see a playoff game
Yeah it’s possible.
I have to believe he was doing this for a video. He can’t be serious.
I don’t mean beaten I mean punished. There is a difference.
I don’t think trans people are wrong when it comes to gender. They know there are only two. It’s the weirdos who think there are more.
Damn I wish he would have said something to her after.
Of course he pulls a gun. What a bitch.
Haha thank god they pointed out the fact no one gives a shit about your dumb kids except you
Oh. Well nice work to the original creator
That’s awesome she is making effort to do something that you like. Very nice
Trying to get Baker to beat them
Nothing is better
The last thing she needs to do is smoke
Who makes grilled cheese with mayo side out? Its supposed to be butter
There sure is. Good luck
I like the whole picture it makes the fights more interesting.
Well fuck him too [This is how is should be when an opponent tries to jump in the dawg pound stands](https://youtu.be/q5zHe2sd5Zc)
Fucking gross. Why would anyone do this to themselves
True. I head they give away food
Keep those low standards
Oh man that hurts from a “guy” like you
I can’t wait to troll them after we win
Wheres the hooters?
Pics please
Damn. Hey it was worth a shot
RemindME! 1 day
Thank for this
God this hurts
Hit my car with a rock and I am aiming for you
Oh yeah reddit is full of pussies. They all want to be nice and not hurt feelings.
It shouldn’t be it’s just a flag. We should add the empty bottle of soda that the person who made this flag was drinking that day. Oh and their leftovers from dinner that night
Sure but it really needs to stop being a big deal. No one should be bothering with who people fuck. We have so many real issues we should be focused on.
Hopefully we can get a front office that can run this shit right
Trust me it’s difficult
I don’t know but damn I was hoping Ron would have taken him
Yeah I am already tired of McDaniels and having to bend to his will. Give me McCarthy
Oh you sending the Wolf? Shit yeah negro that’s all you had to say
Glad you decided to stop killing yourself. Nice work
Yeah the video that has ZERO kids in it and just a bus holding up traffic for no reason. That’s it.
Exactly. He is not the hoodie.
I mean if Roman can do what he did for Kaep and lamar He knows how to tailor a scheme to his players talents.
I have to get to work stop making my drive worse than it already is
Haha look at his face
Aren’t those strips garbage from what I have read
Thanks. Just when I forgot about that bullshit
Because they like beiber
There is nothing in the way stopping the door. I will look in a door cam
