Almost 2019, and people are still using 8gb of ram . . .
&gt;What phone What? Where did phones come from?
After you, jr.
My phone is sitting on my desk, not being used at all. Whatever it takes to sit idle and run background processes is whatever it's using. Why are we talking about phones?
Not that I disagree with you, but I'm curious for your answer: Why do you feel it's relevant to this year?
So, doesn't that mean they pushed this as song of the year for an agenda, instead on the quality of the song? If you have to be aware of social and political climate of a song to like it, that seems like it can't stand on it's own as a good song. Did Hotel California require you know anything else other than what the song sounds like to enjoy it?
Soul Edge\Blade, Tekken 2, Mega Man 7, Suikoden, and Mortal Kombat 3 were the games of my 12 y/o year.
Does the song stand on the quality of it's own sound, or does it require relation to political and social climates to make "song of the year"?
I wish they shipped all their stuff out that fast.
How can anyone come to this conclusion? The multiplayer between the two is very similar. You want to make a comparison of BF gameplay to COD gameplay? Compare BF4 to BF1. That's the biggest jump to COD casual shooter gameplay ever.
This should be a bannable offense. Not only are you acknowledging you broke the rule, you're basically saying "do something about it."
I seriously believe they accept orders past their stock, and just plan to fulfill them when their stock comes in. That, and they seriously have some logistics issues to work out in their warehouse.
&gt; It’s not about karma Bullshit.
It's ok. One of us has to be wrong. I'm just glad it wasn't me.
So, more casual because it's more of a reaction shooter instead of a tactical paced thought out shooter, right?
Just saying. Hated the gunplay in bf1. It's like it was designed for kids on adderall slamming red bulls all day. The pacing just hasn't been right for a battlefield game since BF4. Still isn't, but bfv is a step back in the right direction. I had more hours in bfv the week it came out than I do to bf1 this day. It's still not as fun as they used to be, but it's definitely a better game. Sometimes I forget what sub I'm in since I'm subbed to a lot of them, so I expect some downvotes for my opinion.
30 hours, and I would give it a try after each major update. If it takes more than that to enjoy a game, something is wrong.
Phones had nothing to do with this conversation, and you can't tell me why you brought then up, yet somehow I'm the special one? Sure thing, jr.
And again you don't give your reason for making this about phones. I'm not insulting you, but you feel the need to do that. I'll simply ask again: What does any of this have to do with phones? We're discussing 8gb of ram on computers, and suddenly you want to talk about phones.
Oh I can read. I know you aren't the first one to have mentioned phones, but then you kept it going. It's cool. You could just say you tried to make a stupid joke that failed, but you'll just keep tossing insults instead.
So you still have no valid reason to talk about phones, and just want to insult instead still. One day, you might grow up and learn how to answer questions coherently instead of repeatedly dodge them.
You're being downvoted because you're partially retarded. These people agreed to a set of rules to play the alpha. They broke those rules knowingly, and willingly. This is their punishment.
&gt; Sometimes there aren't time to give you a 100 hp revive If there isn't time for a 100 revive, there isn't time for a revive at all. Period.
You even type like you're still in high school. Sorry your life turned out shit, and you get bullied by the cool kids in school. At least being gay is more socially acceptable today, so you've got that going for you.
I know, crazy right? I revive when it's clear, and I hand out 100% revives. Somehow, I'm the asshole.
You're telling me to kill myself. That's how mad you are. Good luck on making it through highschool.
He lasted longer than tirteen secunds! /s
What? lol kys fgt
I actually know junkies that do this. Or they'll spend their money on drugs, but return items without receipts for in store credit to buy groceries.
When it became popular to hate facebook, reddit exploded with shitposts. Try using reddit between cst midnight and 4am. It's rough.
Most Chinese immigrants to America end up on the west coast. They have to let them know when. /s
It's only been out for a week. How is this gif already such shit quality? Where'd the pixels and frames go???
&gt; i dont care. You still being here determined that was a lie. -Maury
When you say better off, do you mean economically, or morally?
I really don't see the US doing $35b worth of trade with Cuba, but maybe I could be proven wrong.
&gt; It added to conversation. Your talking about it and so are lots of others here. By that extremely vague definition, literally any reply is adding to a conversation.
Someone said they wanted their copy if they were done playing it, and someone chimed in with the equivalent of "lOl GaMe SuCkS dUdE pLaY aC iNsTeAd, MoRe BeTtEr GaMe!" No, did not contribute to the topic at hand, just like we aren't by continuing this discussion.
So, this subreddit just going to be memes now?
Depends on where he was aiming. Edit: It was a joke guys.
Oh, we're playing the generic stereotypes game? Cool, I'll jump in and play: Democrats don't have much love for anyone besides illegal immigrants and voters who want handouts from the government. See how fucking stupid it looks to lump everyone into such a stupid mindset just because they didn't select the same letter as you?
If you took it as me defending them, then you're injecting your own bias. I simply said to not generalize and stereotype everyone because you don't agree with them. You know, like you're still doing.
If your plans for the weekend weren't already cocaine and more cocaine, what are you even doing with your life?
As an "idiot bitch kid" who played MK when it was released in 92' with extra quarters, and was pissed when the SNES version came out with sweat (instead of blood), and edited fatalities, I like the guest characters.
That is insanely way too fucking many, and I'm confused by people who are ok with that many being here.
"Thursday 15 June 2017"
The beautiful thing about it being your money is you can do whatever you want with it. Want to preorder for any bonus content? Do it. Don't want to preorder and support the preorder model? Don't do it.
Uh, those people are accounted for, have birth records, and other records retrievable by the government. It must be nice being so blissfully ignorant.
Poor cat, his owner can't afford a tv.
You're asking questions that you know will result in answers that don't matter to you. What matters to me, living in an area with a high amount of illegal aliens, are the other issues such as drunk drivers, people driving without insurance, undercut wages by low skilled workers, and difficulty in investigating reported crimes due to a lack of information on citizens in the area illegally. Why do you think a country should not enforce it's borders and have control on immigration into it? Just say you want open borders and unchecked migration, and get it over with.
FYI, you're replying to a heavy ChapoTrapHouse poster. Just in case you were wondering why their posts are so crazy.
A Redditorian Repost.
Reddit has no chill with reposting this so damn much. Overnight reddit is such a pain to browse through. Even "Rising" is like "New."
I think the best present you can give anyone is breaking your breath holding record under water.
"Na." -Dice
&gt; Why do people keep confusing gender and sex? Because until recently, when it turned in to a "what do I want to be today" thing, they were used interchangeably. Does Miss no longer refer to female? Does female no longer refer to sex? Is this a contest about a specific sex, or is it now a contest about gender?
&gt; I think miss, mister, etc have always referred to gender. They did refer to gender, but gender also referred, or was used interchangeably with sex.
Well, it will be my nephew when he gets his ps4 for christmas. How was that not understood in my comment?
You do understand you said "always referred", and now you're saying "now we are able to differentiate", right? You literally asked why people are confused, or have issues with with associating gender and sex, and I answered it for you. What more do you want?
&gt; as long as I can remember Not trying to belittle or insult you, but how old are you?
&gt; I want open borders and unchecked immigration What a complete fool.
&gt; The distinction between 'gender' and 'sex' is at least 100 I hate to be that guy, but source?
The contrast to the hair on his head makes this look incredibly not real, or he wasn't being serious.
How to repost on a website.
The non-mobile link. Fuck website that don't format their site based on browser detection. Assholes. https://www.cnbc.com/2018/12/14/walmart-employee-quits-over-intercom-nobody-should-work-here-ever.html
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Jr9DM3St0vA&amp;feature=youtu.be and was posted to reddit the day of.
Yea, we need more people like you and /u/Kuozai who'll just repeatedly upvote the same shit so we see it over, and over, and over, and over.
Rule 5.
Of course! Combat knives! I should have been buying those instead! Silly me.
Who actually upvotes this shit?
No.
I'd name him "Photoshop Repost."
Ah, to be this young again. I wish I was back at the age where common sense wasn't common.
I can't. You fucks will invade that one too.
100% you.
The fact that this is valid advice is fucking stupid of design.
So, people who get tattoos are degens? Wow, pretty terrible thing to say.
What is this child crying about?
What has been covered here that has not been covered in the tons of other posts regarding just social media, and russia? What new, exciting tech is being discussed here that has not already been discussed several times already? Lie to yourself all you want if it makes you feel better, you know these are a combination of "see, it was rigged against us" and "but muh russia".
*"He's"
This is the time of year to slap on all the mods you've been buying.
Stop upvoting this shit. It's not even real, or the same person as the first time it was posted. https://www.reddit.com/r/pics/comments/a6wzia/365_days_ago_to_the_day_i_picked_up_this_little/
Stop upvoting this shit. It's not even real, or the same person as the first time it was posted. https://www.reddit.com/r/pics/comments/a6wzia/365_days_ago_to_the_day_i_picked_up_this_little/
Stop upvoting this shit. It's not even real, or the same person as the first time it was posted. https://www.reddit.com/r/pics/comments/a6wzia/365_days_ago_to_the_day_i_picked_up_this_little/
By stealing and reposting.
Do you know how old this shit is? That's not ops.
"PDI car straight from the port" Can I get this translated into US American English please?
You'd be a terrible lawyer.
/u/magicmeister66 , where's the facepalm here? This shit is clearly a joke, and no one believes it. Also, it was literally just posted moments ago. What the fuck is wrong with you people? https://www.reddit.com/r/facepalm/comments/a76f4d/cringe/
"off the deep end." "I want a magazine that can hold more than 10 rounds." "WHAT KIND OF LUNATIC ARE YOU? YOU'RE OFF THE DEEP END!"
Those are some no aiming fucks. What led up to this?
They probably meant in comparison to other .380. That's what I'd logically assume. I mean, unless someone is wearing bodyarmor, what is that round going to fail at that a 9mm would achieve?
He's saying why even implement the g36c, instead of just making changes to the scar and including it in this map, if it's just a "*buffed scar". Edit: Meant to say buffed, not bugged.
Bookmarked for later. Thanks.
I'll never understand people that feel the need to interject politics into things that are 100% non-political. The very definition of Rent Free.
I imagine everyone who posts this shit are social life shut ins who are ridiculed for several other reasons by people their same age, in addition to their gaming addictions. I mean, who looks at this and says "yea, fuck yea man, spread the word brother" ? Fuck. You people make my free time hobby look like a degenerative disease with this shit.
It's not the same though. There really should have been a direct comparison between the m4 and the g36c. If you're sitting in front of a table comparing Pepsi and Coke, then later someone introduces Big K Cola, but it's only seen next to Coke, it's be stupid to tell them "hey, we're going to compare this to pepsi, but you should remember what coke tastes like to compare it in your head."
And maybe test it with an m4, since, you know, you'll never have to decide between a scar or a g36c.
&gt; I imagine you don’t understand the point of memes? You'd imagine wrong jr. This is just "gamersriseup" shit posting, and it's already been posted hundreds of fucking times in this format, and the joker format.
I don't think they're experiencing any real loss.
It's called using sarcasm. IE: joking that some people, who are adults, think it's a good idea to ignore the grievances and do your own thing instead.
Now my point is proven. Thanks.
Please post those laws you looked up. I'd really love to see a law declaring an air rifle as a firearm. You can even legally order air rifles to your door in the US, bypassing FFL's because they are not considered a firearm.
Exactly. And we're out numbered by those fucks in this echo chamber, so they see this as an attack and start the downvote brigade. Fuck them. Their downvotes don't affect my hobbies or mortgage. They're just mad at all the cheeto dust on their ikea love seat in their studio apartment.
/r/girlswithneonwigs
If you're going to keep picking places with the dumbest laws on books, I don't know how I'll continue to effectively defend my eroding position!
I think the big problem with their statement was "no legal difference", which was just complete bullshit. There is definitely a legal difference between air rifles and firearms, both in their definition, and the types of punishments dished out for laws violated. For example, having an air rifle in your car would be treated differently than an unapproved sbr with suppressor. One would be a ticket, and the other would be an immediate arrest, felony charges, and more than likely a little prison time.
The fact that you can't figure out the negative attitude from people towards you is indeed a "me" problem for you is not too shocking.
This is modern day feminism though. It may not be what feminism was originally, but this is what it has morphed in to today.
Shy? What??
Solid job at controlling your rage on a senior citizen. I mean, i'd understand if he thought the guy was intentionally trying to hit him, but fuck, it 's just someone's grandpa making a mistake. He looks to be in the blind spot of the A-pillar the whole time. It's a huge mistake, but still. Edit: The gif also doesn't show how far past he was the designated white line for stopping like the video shows: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HpSPrZvUJ4Y So, not only did he technically commit assault, he also ran a stop sign.
Used symthic.com for all my bf3/4 weapon data needs.
Well, he's never going to figure any of that out while in full-on uncontrollable rage mode.
Is that why he hates stop signs? They slow him down when he wants to race? 58 year old man chasing people down and headbutting them like he's an angsty teenager. Damn, that's even worse.
It happens. Funny thing is, I'm a rider too.
There's never a valid reason to road rage, and this certainly wasn't a valid reason to commit assault. The old man was already slowing and stopping. Unless you believe the rider is the fastest human alive and was catching up to an accelerating car.
&gt; the driver definitely should have seen the biker at some point before he rammed into him. I 100% agree. However, two people made mistakes, and it caused what is known as a "traffic accident." The old man assumed his designated path was clear and did not full check his blind spots, and the rider rode past a stop sign and into the path of the car. The only reason the rider was not at fault was because he was at a complete stop. If he had been behind the designated stopping line, the wreck would not have happened. If the drive would have been constantly checking blind spots, the wreck would not have happened. Still not a reason to rage out and assault the old guy.
I would NEVER upload pictures like that. His grouping is fucking terrible. I know it's .40, but still.
The a-pillar was 100% obstructing his view, creating a blind spot.
Cool, so you believe the rider can outrun and accelerating car, that is clearly coming to a stop as he headbutts it. We don't really have much more to discuss, Mr "Humans are faster than accelerating cars."
You got the citation because you couldn't prove the other person's fault. Had you any witness testimony, that would not have been the case.
Are you not aware of how large A-pillars complete blind spots?
&gt; He did stop before the line, dummies. You're 100% wrong. He is legally obligated to stop AT the line. Any stopping prior to the line, such as behind the vehicle who was in front of him, does not count. Please don't be a lawyer.
As someone who gets cut off frequently, and damn near ran in to frequently, I'd be fucking pissed. However, that does not excuse road raging and assaulting the old guy.
From the moment you see the car from the biker's helmet cam, the person is directly behind a-pillar.
How does that not make it a blindspot? I never said the driver was not at fault. Do you people think I'm trying to say the rider is 100% the cause of the accident?
&gt; The brake lights don't even come on until the rider is almost to the back bumper. You're 100% wrong, again. Lights off: https://imgur.com/1xpND6o Lights on: https://imgur.com/PmCU7pa
Huge known fact: Automobiles do not make 90* turns, and require an angle. Are you suggesting everyone should come to a complete stop, fully turn their wheel, then initiate turn so they can get as close to 90* as possible?
Now you're being full of shit. Every frame after the brakes are hit, still show the lights on. You can pause it, then click through each individual frame. The last frame with the tail lights visible: https://i.imgur.com/idQGgmJ.png The last frame from the youtube video, still visible: https://i.imgur.com/389yWFh.png
I already proved you wrong on another post; Every frame after the brakes are hit, still show the lights on. You can pause it, then click through each individual frame. The last frame with the tail lights visible: https://i.imgur.com/idQGgmJ.png The last frame from the youtube video, still visible: https://i.imgur.com/389yWFh.png The drive was in the act of stopping when the rider couldn't contain his rage and attacked.
Or there are just adults who don't hit steroid rage at the drop of a hat, and I'm not some young teenager or 20's kid who has to thump his chest out at everyone. But hey, you kids keep on "keeping it real", see where that gets you in life.
Completely agree. I just don't see going road rage on a senior citizen as an excusable action.
Weekendgunnit hates them though. But loves tendies. And their wife's boyfriend.
It's not debatable at all. He illegally ran the stop sign, and stopped late. He is to come at a full stop at the white line on the road that is parallel to the stop sign. It's cropped out of the gif. You have to watch the video to see that. https://i.imgur.com/lMqX5Xm.png https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HpSPrZvUJ4Y
Weird flex but ok.
Yea, Mark is such a villain for keeping this sport entertaining for the masses. You know, the people who pay for it and keep it going. Shame on him, right?
It put him in to the path of someone's blind spot. Still not his fault, but had he not broke the law as well, and had not been literally on the yellow line, he wouldn't have been hit. Again, not his fault, but following the law would have prevented him from getting hit too.
How do you accidentally headbutt a window? He knew what he was doing.
We only need it posted 30 more times today for it to really sink in.
The news, since 2010.
*Carpet matches the drapes.
What's the penalty for shitty game mode design?
And there are people who want us to keep paying those, and then implement a state income tax on top of that. Fuck those people.
I get that, but there are several different design elements. it really doesn't look anything like the pocket watch in the game, and just looks like an ordinary pocket watch. https://www.google.com/search?q=pocket+watch&amp;rlz=1C1GCEU_enUS820US821&amp;source=lnms&amp;tbm=isch&amp;sa=X&amp;ved=0ahUKEwj4rO2P1a3fAhVSRqwKHT7cCoIQ_AUIDygC&amp;biw=1920&amp;bih=1058
If we didn't adjust the other taxes, an income tax could put us at being almost, if not the, highest taxed staed. It 100% does not make sense to be ok with that. That's some straight up marxist shit.
Cool. So, knowing that we pay higher taxes in other areas to compensate for not having an income tax, what taxes would you lower to adjust for having an income tax now? Or should we just allow ourselves to be bled dry?
Shame on those people for wanting an awesome suit. Shame! Edit: Damn, some toxic ass mother fuckers in here against people who wanted an iconic suit in the game. Holy fuck ps4 players are terrible to their community.
https://www.reddit.com/r/texas/comments/a7u84b/texas_doesnt_have_a_state_income_tax_and_plano/ec61jb8/
Yea, you're not worth talking to if you haven't seen the people on here, and other texas related subreddits who'd be fine with that. I'm not going to go pull every permalink of their comments for you. You post in /r/ChapoTrapHouse , you know how fucking crazy some people are. Have a nice day.
&gt; Have a nice day.
The grass and trees are very green and beautiful too. Look very healthy.
I literally defended it with an example in this very thread. But hey, maybe some more name calling will keep making you feel better.
People are saying too hard, but I don't see how. Yes, it was harder than previous Darksiders games, but was no where near as hard as a Dark Souls game. I knocked it out, even got all the chosen killed, before the classic mode even became an option. It wasn't something you just strolled through, but it wasn't some controller breaking challenge. It convinced me to go back and replay 1 and 2, and those feel like easy mode games now.
Communism does appear to be attracted to dirty poor people. Send it.
&gt; Is it an American thing to be outraged by everything? It's gotten pretty fucking stupid the last 5-10 years. Outrage culture is a real fucking thing, and these people who grew up at a time where it was cool to be offended by everything are now entering the work force, and are still offended by everything. You've got to be an unprofessional dick in an interview to make sure you aren't about to hire an hr time bomb in todays work force.
I mean, EA's office in Texas really is in Austin.
Found a hacker\cheater.
You're making some crazy jumps in logic and reasoning here. Clearly the act of someone who is upset or frustrated. Now I can see why you cheat if you're this easily frustrated.
I wonder how many more times I'm going to see this today.
&gt; 100% agree. But I'm arguing that the technical basis for PUBG is Fortnite/Unreal engine I'm not arguing that Fortnite was the inspiration for PUBG and I'm not arguing that Fortnite did not copy PUBG. This is just stupid. You're basically saying that any game that uses the Unreal engine (fps, racing, fighting, rts, turn based tactical, etc etc etc) owe their success to the design elements intended for Fortnite, instead of the hard fucking work the developers of those games managed to squeeze out of an engine they rented/purchased. Gears of War was doing multiplayer on the unreal engine in 2006, way the fuck before fortenite was even conceived in 2011. I'm sure there are other earlier examples, but please, stop using Fortenite and Unreal Engine interchangeably.
The Busey family face.
So stupid people are renting them. It doesn't mean poor people are, or people going in to debt. Just idiots. Also, they're apartments. They're meant to be temporary. Some people will live in one while in between houses, or while building up a down payment to get in to a house.
So would I. One would think if the business venture wasn't profitable, we wouldn't see so many popping up constantly for so long.
&gt;Your assessment of a persons ability to save is unrealistic. Your belief that everyone can't is also unrealistic. You're also missing the point that if someone is dumb enough to put them self in to debt for a luxury apartment, why should we care about their stupidity?
So how do you propose to make someone spend their money the way you want them to?
I think I saw something that said it's hitting eastern Europe the hardest. Is there any info on why? Just seems like if a pocket gets an outburst like that, something had to kick it off.
And the clip starts with some super exciting corner peaking.
[. . . yours doesn't?](https://vkehe45v84w20n29n1m63wok-wpengine.netdna-ssl.com/wp-content/uploads/2018/03/Lane-Omega-Leather-Gel-Home-Theater-Power-Recline-Multimedia-Sofa-with-Fold-Down-Table.jpg)
It's a cybernetic organism. (Formerlly) Living tissue over a metal endoskeleton.
"Do you need a count?" "No sir."
Where are you looting where you're coming across 3 medpacks in a single round? I've got probably hundreds of rounds without even seeing 1.
What a shitty game to reach 100 hours in so fast.
It's the first sentence of the article . . .
Thanks, Facebook.
What are we supposed to do? Forget he's a mass murderer too just because he was so smooth?
And yet he's still idolized by people who condemn others for doing the exact same.
What are you, 12? What respectable adult says "kthx"?
And he's a piece of shit too. It's possible to not like both, you know.
And just ignore the one who kept us on the same path? Na.
Too bad your username is Comment_Using_Logic. Maybe if it was, you'd stop assuming only far right people criticize Obama. How fucking dense do you have to be to read that and think "far right"?
Pay attention Reddit. There are people who actually believe this fucking lunacy right here.
I can't even comprehend how someone could be so wrong . . .
I've only ever played the BF series on pc. I have no idea what it was like for consoles.
I see you're just going to settle for the kool-aid then.
What a disgusting reply of reasoning.
You're trying too hard.
Are they grinches, or are they trying to firing terrible employees?
He was pretty accurate though.
Why are you lying? https://www.reddit.com/r/Justrolledintotheshop/comments/a7uold/found_this_on_facebook/
The shocking part is people were going to buy this PPV with the two headliner fights having some of the craziest ped cheaters currently in the sport.
Why was an 8 year old Guatemalan boy at the US border? Why are we ignoring they completely passed through another country, who did not stop, detain, and deport them? Why is this a problem with the US, and not something on the shoulders of Guatemala and Mexico?
&gt; How do we know that Mexico knew they were in the country? You mean the big fucking caravan that went from Guatamala to the US border? How did they know, when all of us already knew? Come the fuck on man.
I haven't seen you deny you want open borders yet. That's all the proof I need.
Even advice animals seems impossible to avoid the infiltration of useless political posts.
Well, they're a fucking weirdo.
And they proved you wrong, so you ran away. Just admit you want open borders and stop pretending. Goodbye.
&gt;It sounds like an excuse for being afraid of people you don’t know and cannot relate to. Fuck, you can't read. Whatever.
&gt; People really are dumb. Kojima is a God damn legend and so many people doubt him. In their defense, it does look boring as fuck. Seems like it has a cool/interesting story, but the gameplay shown so far looks very bland/boring.
I expect their border patrol (if they even have any) to do their jobs, and Mexico to do theirs. However, neither will, because they are fine letting the problem pass through and land on our door step, where we are then shackled with the burden that they both decided to cast off. The borders between Guatemala, Mexico, and the US aren't like the borders for countries in the EU. There's no right to freely pass between them whenever you want.
I don't know why you're trying to bait some kind of answer out of me that isn't there. You clearly have some point to make, and need a trigger statement for it. You also clearly aren't aware of how border security works, or you've never gone through it yourself. (Airports don't count). I've been very clear about what I'd prefer. This is not some EU situation. You don't have free fright to pass in to another country. Mexico is aware of these people illegally passing in to, and through, their country. Instead of stopping it, they decide to let them pass through to our door step.
Just say you want open borders and get it out already. You clearly feel that people should be able to go anywhere they want, whenever they want.
&gt; They are. Oh fucking bullshit. Whatever. You're clearly extremely pro-illegal immigration, pro-open borders, and you think it's fine that they are passing through a whole fucking country to end up on our doorstep with bs claims of asylum. There's no point in discussing this with you anymore. Have a nice day.
Is there an "anakin not in fish bowl/eye" mod available? I'll never understand why people don't just get an ultrawide monitor at that point.
If only there was some kind of built in way to share a screenshot from xbox.
I've changed it up, but will probably go back to the bushnell. I don't see myself using this for any kind of shooting past 100 yards. I like it, but don't plan on hunting with it. https://i.imgur.com/7Fx4Ldg.jpg
You dropped these. &gt;, .
That's some odd geriatric hate you've got there.
100% off of micro-transactions too. Get ready for others to copy this business model. Slimmed down low-content, non-story driven game with very high focus on multiplayer and micro-transactions for cosmetics. People voted with their wallets. It sucks that for me, I was outvoted.
Why do you hate punctuation?
No one is claiming it's new, and to assume that someone is doesn't make any sense. It has never been this successful before, and that's what is important. Not that other had did it, but that now someone has done it and made this much off of it.
Some shit is unbalanced, and the only "counter" is to do the same damn thing. That's not fun.
Keep digging Watson!
If you can't understand how this business model could drive future products, and why some people might not like more games being f2p multiplayer instead of some real content, then maybe this sub isn't for you.
Content to you is skins or dances apparently. Maybe I should have used the word substance instead?
That's your opinion and you're welcome to it.
Yes, from projects that were in development before Fortnite BR ever hit the market.
You are aware you're talking about games that were in development prior to the explosion of Fortnite br, right?
It feels like a tiny step back towards bf4 gameplay, so bfv gets my vote.
Do you need railings or signs to tell you that you're way the fuck up, and a fall could be fatal?
Doesn't that have to be legally sold as refurbished? Someone fucked up somewhere.
&gt; Pro owners are suckers. As someone who has played a pro, and played the same game on non-pros, no, they are not suckers. Stable framerate and/or higher resolutions is worth it to a lot of people. What is your reasoning for thinking that? Is it because the cost difference is too much FOR YOU?
&gt; An armored Toyota. Why? That is actually what is being used by a lot of them over there.
Please, Star Wars, make quality stories, instead of pandering characters.
And? This was posted by an activist vegan to illicit sympathy. An agenda can withstand a sarcastic comment? Edit: It appears I've upset the vegans, and they've arrived to let me know via downvotes that having a different opinion is not ok.
no u
I'm not even sure what point you're trying to make, but ok.
Nothing should be hunted to extinction, and there's a reason controlled game seasons are a thing. Some things are an exception, for example: the wild hog population in texas. It's an invasive, destructive species with little to no natural predators breeding out of control. You can hunt them any time of the year, and there's no limit.
So, something can't be "cute", and used as a food source also? Is that what you're saying?
Imagine being so crazy, you have to pretend people say things that they don't in order to get mad at them.
Yea, they're getting a little extreme in their viewpoint and personal attacks, but ok,
You have to give time for the posters of /r/ChapoTrapHouse , /r/communism101 , and /r/vegan (all of which aliens3 is a member of) to get their point across. Him being a member of all three communities is very taxing, so some times they may say shit that doesn't make any sense.
MK is fucking awesome.
&gt;randomly I do not think it means what you think it means.
If you're not capable of understanding of how this gif is being used by a vegan activist to push an agenda of "hey people, stop eating meat. See, these are cutsie animals, so you should stop", then I don't know what else to tell you. However, looking at your post history, it's a message you agree with, so of course you're perfectly fine with it. The sad part is you feel the need to tell others what they're doing wrong, in your opinion.
Like I said here: &gt;However, looking at your post history, it's a message you agree with, so of course you're perfectly fine with it. The sad part is you feel the need to tell others what they're doing wrong, in your opinion.
If you could suck Jone's dick any harder, you might be able to clean his system out before his next test.
Oh, so this is just a joke then. You don't actually get it every time you eat there, and you probably very rarely eat there.
They uploaded mine today as well, with a picture of it sitting on the Welcome mat in front of the door. I don't own a Welcome mat. I have no fucking idea where they delivered my package.
Or it's an item they can't fit in their tiny ass vehicles. Had to order some large items for someone who lives a six hour drive away. She doesn't have a truck, and only a small car. Tried to get them to understand that I needed it shipped UPS or FedEx. Nope. After two failed attempts, had to send her money to rent a truck from Home Depot to go pick them up at the post office.
Maybe they should let advertisers pick the videos they want their messages on? it'd be a slower process for sure, but an advertiser would never have to worry if their video was associated with content they didn't like or support.
I ordered a $400 product from them before that didn't get delivered to me in the past. Asked neighboring places, nothing. Got a refund, ordered something I was mulling over that could have been arguably better anyways. Six months later someone knocks on my door and says "This has been in our delivery room for a long time. No one recognized the address so they didn't want to bring it. I'm new, so they just told me to do it.' Six. Fucking. Months.
My motto: https://youtu.be/FHgMaT3PBXU?t=53
Who are you talking to?
When did reddit titles get so lazy and shitty?
What the fuck is up with that image???
Even the fucking dog is overweight.
I can't wait to hear it.
So you think Black Panther was made with a low budget?
What is funny about this? Just downvotes? No one wants to explain anything? Aight, fuck you all too.
Is this a word people are using to describe those who aren't still in high school? The kids are out in force.
Except that it 100% refers to budget. You can have an A budget movie, "styled" like a low budget movie/B movie, but it's still an A budget movie.
There has been a serious up-tick in the amount on US Fpp servers as well. Bluehole is dropping the ball.
You're arguing with a chapotraphouse poster. Give it up, they crazy.
Seemed 3000% necessary to me in that video. Who could be so gullible and stupid to think it wasn't?
I always back up and try to let them cap. If my team won't do the same, and the round is no longer competitive, I leave the server. There's no fun in spawn camping.
I love how the video starts with a Wraith jumping without their team. Some stereotypes are true.
I'm reading people bitching about the source, and bitching about op's post history, but I'm not seeing anyone post anything saying the story isn't true . . . Are people just trying to deflect?
I stand corrected.
So, because I own firearms, I'm a MAGAman? I know I sure as hell didn't vote for Trump. What kind of stereotyping and bigotry is this???
Keep on focusing and talking only in extremes. aka, the chapotraphouse way.
Thank god. Supporting BES back in the day made me hate blackberry with a passion, even as other technologies caught up and surpassed it, old shit heads were still trying to cling to it.
This has to be the weakest shit I've ever read. "Well, that guy did rob me, but I was afraid I would hurt him if I attempted to retrieve my stolen property from him, so I let him go away." Why don't you just paint a target on your back while you're at it, or hold up a sign that says "steal from me, because I won't stop you"?
Why so angry?
wut?
Random thing happens at party. Everyone else: /u/timojenbin: I bet trump would fuck that up somehow!
Ok kid.
Isn't it great?
And this has been the slowest drip of "content" ever. We don't need cosmetic shit in battlefield, we need maps, guns, vehicles, etc etc.
It's always super easy to spot a /r/chapotraphouse poster. It's where the pendulum swings to on the other side when it's opposite of /r/The_Donald . Two sides of the same crazy coin.
No, you just want people murdered for having money. Totally better, right?
I like how you didn't deny the desire to murder those with money.
This is why no one takes anything you say, or your viewpoint on things, seriously.
In what conversation in your head did that exchange take place?
&gt; When a white guy uses the n word there is a good chance that he uses it specifically to be insulting If you believe this, then you've never been around poor white people who don't live in the country. &gt;and even if he isn't the chance is much much higher that someone feels insulted by it. That's their god damn problem, not the person saying it. People need to stop being such soft pussies.
"I'm getting overweight." Mother fucker is still doing 50 situps, pushup, squats, then running 5km. Doesn't seem out of shape to me at all.
[Because it looks like you're soldier is running around like this.](https://memeworld.funnyjunk.com/pictures/Man_063480_1525814.jpg) Get an ultrawide monitor dude.
As someone who made it through my 20's without social anxiety or depression, I don't understand this.
1. I honestly don't know. I just lived my life what I thought was normal. 2. Still there, and still running like normal.
Not really something I'm worried about, since I won't be using their services.
I'm basing it off the dude's body shape. I didn't even listen to hear how much he weighed or how tall he was. He wasn't unfit to begin with, he just wasn't olympic athletic.
I grew up in a fucking trailer park. What privilege?
So far, I'm swinging 0/3 on your list or reasons. Any other excuses you want to dribble out? Edit: Yikes, that post history. You can skip replying to me, please.
Whatever you say, m'lad.
I don't get it.
Obligatory: https://youtu.be/uLEbm8sCoEo
God I hate China, and the pandering the entertainment industry does for them to chase money.
Please tell me how artistic freedom is superior in china than in america.
Probably, but winning the fight makes it a lot less embarrassing.
At 7:30am, while possible, I doubt he was drunk. Probably barred out of his mind, or some other opioid medication.
Have they actually said he was drunk? At 7:30am, i'd be surprised if he was drunk, and not fucked up on some opioid medication cocktail.
&gt; what sadist created these missions?). Fucking assholes who think we spend every waking moment of our lives playing this game like it's a source of income. Do the developers or people involved not have much else to do when they aren't at their job? Seriously, come up with some more reasonable shit next time for fucks sake Bluehole.
I'm not going to say no to all dairy products, but I am going to ask that legislator and law enforcement take legal action to address these issues.
Source on that claim? It'd be interested to read an official source from Canada stating that.
True, but I still doubt it was alcohol.
That seems to be about "quality" of milk, not ethical treatment of animals it's sourced from.
This is literally the first time I've heard of these shows.
In /u/MyBoyWicky 's defense, that DA does look pretty gay. I don't mean in a bad way, I mean in a "you know what, I bet that man is gay" gaydar in a bar kind of way.
&gt; I consider supervisors management. If you consider someone making $1 more an hour than the people under them as "management", then sure, ok. That's just some low, bottom of the barrel, non-impactful to the company, not worth the title level of management.
Why do I get the feeling there's more to the story . . .
I don't want to support it, but I'm also not going to give up meat. While I would not like for the price to go up in order for ethics to be met, I would be financially comfortable for it to. I hope ethical treatment laws are enforced on anyone abusing farm animals. I will continue to eat meat, even if the prices go up. Unfortunately, that's not the same for everyone.
Ok dude.
Or people are downvoting you because of your call to murder people while trying to sound edgy is just fucking retarded. But hey, keep making up reasons for things.
No, they are not. Stop acting like they are. Plenty of milk and meat eaters want their animals treated ethically. Edit: Reddit's vegan army is so mad. You guys brigade the shit out of things.
I've tried multiple brands, on more than one occasion. I have vegan friends who have suggested recipes for things. It's just not for me. Are they an alternative? Sure. Are they my preference? No. Am I going to go with an alternative when my preference is available to me? No. Queue up the downvotes from reddit's vegan army.
There's two things I don't do: 1. I don't downvote people I don't agree with because I don't agree with them. 2. I don't delete my posts, regardless of their negative comment score.
There's more black bar than image here. wtf.
My point is if you're going to be lazy in making a post for us, why shouldn't the devs be lazy in making a game for us? It's 2019 for fucks sake. Take a screenshot like a responsible adult. Here's how to take screenshots On PC https://www.take-a-screenshot.org/ On Xbone http://support.xbox.com/en-US/games/game-setup/capture-screenshots On ps4 http://ccm.net/faq/35881-how-to-take-screenshots-on-the-ps4
Games as a Service. I'd gladly take a BF4 styled game with a Premium Pass any day over this garbage.
/u/mrbigmugs , what am I looking at?
Men should be believed just as much as women when either side is unable to provide proof.
Censored nipple on the left, and then you can CLEARLY see the nipples on the right. Who was the mastermind that edited these pics?
&gt; Where as if you focus on groups, countries, cultures, you have to have uncomfortable conversations as to why people turn to crime and violence. Since you're certain poverty can't be a contributing factor, surely you can tell us why things are like they are then. Right?
&gt; I mean TJ was super salty for months after, when he got finished by Cejudo which was completely justifieable That justifiability loses some cred when you're popped for cheating.
It's illegal in a lot of places to smoke near a gas pump. Extinguishing the ember in this method if the smoker refuses would more than likely not result in an assault case. Also, fuck that dumb smoking douche bag, he deserved it.
Remi is a piece of shit "prank" artist doing nothing more than running around and fucking with people in the most annoying ways possible. Fuck that dude, and fuck his fans.
I've watched too many videos of dip shits even trying to light a cigarette at a pump to come close to tolerating someone who already has one lit. Not to mention that in many places, it's simply fucking illegal to even have a cigarette already lit near a pump.
My point is if they're stupid enough to even have a lit cigarette, then they may be stupid enough to light another one. I think you're misunderstand that due to it being illegal, the attendant is within rights to use the extinguisher. It is legally considered an open flame. Your opinion doesn't matter when there are already legal definitions in place.
He's legally extinguishing something defined as a flame in legal terms. Sorry kiddo, but he's in the right here, legally. Don't like it? Go campaign to change the laws.
I think the judges in Sofia, Bulgaria wouldn't have the same opinion as you.
Because fucking with people in the name of "pranks" is some douchebag shit, and douchebags are his fanbase. Don't tell me to move on if you can't do it yourself.
Where'd all that dribble come from?
Well, what's your solution?
Since I'm not wrong here, when specifically are you suggesting I give that a try?
I feel like people are forgetting about how prevalent sibling/cousin fucking (and marrying) is in Pakistin, France, Argentina, Brazil, Japan, Netherlands, Portugal, Russia, Serbia, South Korea, Spain and Thailand etc etc . . . Or, it's just reddit, and it's nothing but a karma train for the ignorant.
So we're back to coddling them and making warning labels for them so they don't kill themselves. Superb solution. Idocracy, we're almost there!
We can't say it won't work, if we don't at least give it a try.
It isn't culturally accepted in Alabama either. No matter how much reddit wants it to be for their jokes.
This image is so doctored that it has it's own degree.
/u/MadoneXI , why did you delete your comments? https://www.removeddit.com/r/gifs/comments/bxc5q0/_/
Negative. Never been there. Just some guy sick of reddits constant circle jerking.
I can't explain the results of things we haven't tried.
No, it isn't.
That . . . that's a personal computer though. A PC. Edit: Downvote me all you want, I'm right.
Look up your own local fire codes you dipshit.
It means personal computer. Literally the initials mean that.
Weird, I don't remember him saying that line in the game.
I loved Stryker. It was like the one normal guy mixed up in a world of chaotic weird shit.
Please, correct me if I'm wrong, but doesn't a bpv system on lower horsepower applications actually increase performance and maintain pressure better than a vta which has to start from the bottom of building boost again between manual gear shifts?
When you stuff 32 people in the same rent house, you tell me how the tax system is being skirted, and numbers of children in schools isn't inflated by multiple "house holds" living under one roof while working cash under the table jobs.
I get what you're saying. I still have a 08 ss/tc cobalt that came factory with a bpv system, and of course my F150 Tremor is also a bpv. I investigated going to bov, and even changing the maf location to post turbo so nothing is affected tuning wise, but every single thing I read said that throttle response suffers, and turbo lag is increased due to 100% of already compressed air being vented to atmosphere. I couldn't find and performance increase in a bov, only performance decreases.
The F150 Tremor and Cobalt SS/TC bpv system works the same way. Excess air is recirculated between maf/turbo. This pressurized air helps keep the turbo spool going between gear shifts, and continues to provide a somewhat charged air for the engine to take in.
"Attacked" with a ping pong ball? Just throw that shit back at him. Given they chose to just start recording before anything happened, I'd lay some money down they were talking shit and bullying the kid before hand. Scrawny kid knows he'd get his ass kicked in a fight, so he just throws the ball and walks away like a punk. There's no winners here.
Yes, cause getting out of horrible low performing schools and transferring to schools with higher educational performance is definitely "staying stupid."
Bruh, u mad?
"Why, you've got a friend that thinks he's cute?"
Good talk buddy. Now, go back to fortnite with the rest of the kids.
Could just be heavy for this super weak kid.
Kids aren't meant to enjoy comic books, and go to conventions with artist/writers for their favorites comics, huh?
Bye kid.
We really need to stop coddling the weak.
Show me on the doll where life hurt you.
I like picking up the winchester because it's fun to change things up, and I'm not a sweaty try-hard who has to chase a hard core CD every round. It's fun to do stupid shit sometimes.
wait until you're on any kind of an incline. It gets super shitty trying to see around then.
What does /u/oneday4ever being confidently gay have to do with anything though?
Can I repost this next?
Sure as fuck won't be to you. This shit is OLD son.
This is some "gamers rise up" level of cringe shit.
I'm trying to think of what I'd truly miss, and I think it's just spotify while I'm driving.
My vehicles have nav, so I could get by. I don't use it that much as is.
Wut?
If you call a metro area of almost 8 million people small, sure. Do people you know not know the area they live in, or look things up before they leave home/work?
Why is that something even worth asking? What's difficult to believe about something having played the game since 1992?
I have not been playing mk1 for 27 years though . . .
People are still playing Mario Brothers games. What's your point? I don't see whats crazy or weird about this.
Are you 8 years old or something? I'm just trying to figure out what you think is weird or exceptional, and this is how you end up responding? What's wrong with you dude?
and WHY is that unbelievable from your viewpoint?
Why do you think it's dedication? We aren't playing then 24/7. I play a shit load of other games. I feel like you're pretty young. Like a teenager or something.
Requesting 4/20 off will always be suspicious, unless someone is brain dead.
2 month old troll account. Ignore this fgt.
Games as a service and road maps. . . na, nobody EVER goes back on those.
Eat peen, cunt.
It's been almost an hour, and /u/Stuuuba still hasn't answered this.
I'm more confused by the upvotes. I don't see any reason he should retire.
This kills the wireless charging too, right?
And in Sonic Blue too. God damn that thing is beautiful.
&gt;Edit: wow downvoted and many people agree with me. Must be the corporate shills upset I am telling the truth Or more likely people are just sick and tired of others telling them how to spend their money. Buy what you want, let others buy what they want. And what a cringey fucking thing to say. "MuSt Be ThE cOrPoRaTe ShIlLs UpSeT i Am TeLlInG tHe TrUtH". Like you're some kind of fucking video game messiah or something, come to deliver us.
TikTok? Downvote.
Downvoted for having an honest opinion. Can't believe people still do this shit because it's an opinion they don't like. Fucking fan bois.
VII was a lot more impactful on the rpg/jrpg gaming world than VI, whether you like that fact or not.
If it's not your picture, or a picture of something that happened in your shop, don't post it. Pretty simple.
I guess I expected them to not act like upset children, but apparently I was wrong. PS4 is the current weakest (hardware) of the big three (ps4, xbox, pc) systems right now. Why does it not make sense to want to play it on the strongest system for it to look/run the best?
What are you babbling on about, and how does it have anything to do with being a millenial? Gen X'er by the way, bitch.
&gt; Nobody is acting like upset children theyre just downvoting you, thats not much of a tantrum .. &gt;WAAAA, he didn't say he wants it on PS4, I BETTER DOWNVOTE HIM CAUSE REASONS. Literally what they're doing. We're talking about something STILL having exclusivity, that is a THIRD party title, after 2 decades. That's fucking ridiculous, especially when you consider the game came out on PC as well in 1997.
I'd like to share this, but v.redd.it is such a pain in the ass. Why is it still used?
I'm perfectly ok with this. Every time I've had fedex as a shipper, it's gone to the wrong address, left at my door without signature, or just fucking disappears. FedEx can eat dicks.
Your opinion on why, and my opinion on why are just different. Getting pissy and downvoting (yes, you have to not like or be upset by something to downvote it) because someone wants it on a superior hardware system (which you either agree with, or are in denial about) is childish. Also, if you're STILL fine with 3rd party exclusive, then yea, you're definitely still a child, or you're just ok with it because "Well, it's coming to one I own, so I don't see a problem." I've got a ps4 pro, I've got an xbox one x, and I've got a pc that makes them look like devices from 30 generations ago. I'd be a god damned fool to not want it on PC, and if people can't tolerate that opinion, they're kids. Have a nice day.
Sadly, nothing was lost.
Hard to do that while I'm driving and texting while drunk.
The shit people call "toxic" and "hateful" was just what you'd expect in any kind of online message board or game lobby around the turn of the century. People have really devolved in to letting words severely rustle their jimmies.
Oh I know, and I fucking laughed or shrugged it off when someone used a slur on me in middle and high school.
&gt; It’s not really an emotional reaction though It literally is though.
A minivan, and a lexus. Why wasn't a tow truck called instead? What the fuck are you going to do with either?
&gt; I'm not sure why this got downvoted. Yea, you are.
What an interesting, completely non-troll like post history you have. Controversial name? Check. Huge gaps in post history? Check. Only posting in political related subs? Check.
I see no evidence to support that claim.
That dude has a very soft voice.
How dare you call me names for calling someone by their gender, instead of their sex!
Would you rather it looked like a local copy of /r/politics ?
I've never cared about anything you've said or posted, and I'm not about to now. Another 24/7 political posting loser.
Let me make sure I understand this: You're basing your fears and assumption on what you DON'T know, instead of any kind of evidence it has been done or speculated about in the past? Are "gaming conspiracies" a thing? You'd fit in if so.
Is this your first time being around when a new gen comes out? Game are usually made for both gens for the following couple of years. Don't get defensive and tell me to chill out. I'm literally just partaking in your conversation. You're the one that decided to make it kind of outlandish with no real basis other than your fear of the unknown.
https://www.google.com/search?q=final+fantasy+7+timed+exclusive&amp;rlz=1C1CHBF_en&amp;oq=final+fantasy+7+timed+exclusive&amp;aqs=chrome..69i57j0.5066j1j7&amp;sourceid=chrome&amp;ie=UTF-8
That concern is 100% illegitimate, and based on no evidence.
I believe it'll all be out on current gen, and will ALSO be available to next gen. You know, like it has happened almost every single time since ps1/2 and xbox/360 when a gen update has taken place. I'm actually basing my assumption on the past when games have been designed for both platforms. What are you basing your assumption on? Fear of the unknown? Literally nothing?
They'll pull a M. Night Shamalanadingdong on us and make us insert disc 3 from ps1.
I'm not asking for your agreement, and I don't require it. If you decide to believe an over 2 decade old 3rd party game is going to be exclusively for playstation, then live your life like that boo boo. I'm not buying it until all the episodes are out anyways, and I won't really care what platform it's on.
Username checks out.
And people got sick of it, because it's nothing more than bickering and arguing, non-stop.
Yea, but WHAT IF, man. Like, you don't understand. It COULD happen. (That's literally where this conversation took us already.)
There's literally no case I can think of where this has been done before. With no basis other than fear, what makes it a legitimate concern?
Ok guy. I just don't agree with you. There's no basis for the fear, so it's not legitimate. It's a personal fear/phobia, nothing more.
We fortnite now.
You mean yelling at the guy standing over him like he's about to fight him?
Other people have seen the same 30 seconds and believe the exact opposite. Are they racist?
&gt; Use your eyes they were arguing before the video Who said they weren't? I'm just trying to figure out how it's racist to assume the current physical aggressor didn't start anything, and it's all the other's fault who is sitting in his chair from the short clip we've seen. If someone says it's the white guy, it's "yea, probably". If someone says the black guy, it's "YoU rAcIsT!" How the fuck does that make sense to anyone? &gt;Stop downvoting people I'm not downvoting shit. Stop getting mad someone read your shit and thought it was retarded too.
And from that 30 seconds, and the instant the video begins, one person is in their seat, and another person has approached and put hands on them. All we have is this video to go from, and in this video, the kid sitting down is NOT the aggressor. Unfortunately, we'll probably never know what really made the other kid decided to get up and approach the sitting kid to start a fight.
No, I wouldn't. Whoever resorts to physical violence IS the aggressor. They've let their emotions take over because words hurt their fee-fees. That's how it goes in the real/adult world. I guess I shouldn't expect someone posting to r/teenagers to understand that yet though.
Walk away from the bully, ignore them, etc etc. If the bully is preventing you from leaving, blocking your path and preventing you from retreating, then yes, you are in your right to defend yourself. These aren't new concepts. You don't get to assault someone cause they said bad words. Grow up.
I think you're comparing a 1660 NON-ti to the rx590. The "TI" version whipes the floor with the rx590. This posting is for a "TI".
Not a fan of the music used, but the quality in editing it together was superb.
Always love to see a violent antifa member get served their dues. They use riots and violence to suppress the speech of others. Destroy business they don't agree with. You know . . . stuff fascists do.
"man in antifa" would mean a man who is a member of the group antifa. Did you mean to ask "what is antifa"?
Never overclocked?
Busy with the protests in Hong Kong right now, so the game is actually really enjoyable at the moment.
The thing is, that person does know. They're playing stupid to bait out replies from others they can then counter argue. /u/pink_ampharos posts in /r/chapotraphouse . That mother fucker KNOWS what Antifa is.
Yes, US based Antifa are indeed actual fascists. What's your point?
No rgb? That's my fetish. Here's an upvote.
&gt; It's depressing how many people in this thread seem to think opposing Nazism is as bad as Nazism. That's not what people think at all. They are concerned about when you allow this type of speech suppression, who gets to decide next what you can or can't say? Today you agree with the message, but what if your views or theirs change or evolve. Now they're shutting you up because you don't like open borders, and being against it is "fascist and hate crimey". The great thing about free speech is that when someone who mirrors or supports ANY type racial supremacy, regardless of race, tries to speak up, you now know who that person is, and can now counter speak. Violence and riots against people who said something you don't like is never right. Violence should only be in response to violence. If you act violent first, or try to force someone to do things against their will because you don't like them, you're in the wrong. Period.
I slapped together a Geeek A50 recently, no leds on purpose. The one I got had a defective power button. It worked like normal to power it on/off, but the blue led ring around the button didn't light up. I'm happy with this and don't want a working one to replace it.
Whatever you say kiddo.
Shut up.
Yea, I did. I made damn sure because once it's together, you aren't getting back to those pins unless you start disassembling half the case. The led blinked momentarily when it first powered on, and then never again. I've been slapping pc's together since 1999, back when you had to use the right jumper on the back of cd-rom and hard drives. The horrors of forgetting to fuck with pins has created nightmares I don't want to repeat.
Are any of the players actually from Canada? Genuinely curious.
But they drop the ball horrendously on gameplay. I can deal with bad cosmetics but great gameplay. I can't deal with great cosmetics and garbage gameplay.
What is it with people thinking every sub NEEDS to have memes in it? Take a look at the front page of this sub: https://www.reddit.com/r/movies/ Do you see memes? Why would you post it here? Edit: Op /u/janoschkaminsky is still in highschool. Nevermind, these actions make complete sense now.
I'd love this if the guy's silhouette wasn't in it.
What part of that makes it funny? Nothing about this invoked laughter, or even a chuckle.
I mean, yea, that'd be great I guess. I've just never played a Battlefield game, since the start of the series, where I gave a shit about cosmetics. I just needed the game to not look like it was part of a sunday morning cartoon, and to be about war. This recent trend of cosmetics being something people care so much about is really strange to me. They don't affect the gameplay at all, and their just ways for the developers/publishers to make money. I'd happily pay for gameplay content (weapons, maps, etc etc), but I'm not shoveling a penny into cosmetics for a $60 game.
&gt; I don't think it's reasonable to suspect you'll be shot while visiting. I think it's incredibly ignorant to not suspect higher chances of getting shot in some places compared to others. It SHOULDN'T be that way, but it is. Edit: For example, using info available to you, which of these two cities do you think there's a smaller chance of getting shot in: https://www.neighborhoodscout.com/in/gary/crime https://www.neighborhoodscout.com/tx/frisco/crime In comparisson, Gary, In is just a poor, terrible place. It's 100% resonable to expect there to be a higher chance of being the victim of a violent crime.
I have a feeling you didn't read the story.
&gt; Because it doesn't matter. It 100% matters when trying to identify and report suspects.
Believe it or not, some people do get turned down or refused purchase. Edit: Somehow, this is downvote worthy to reddit. Whatever.
You do know it's not the store making the denial most of the time, it's the background check with the FBI that issues the denial, right? The next gun store isn't going to contact some different FBI.
Unfortunately for Gary, In, it's a Neverending Story.
Certain activities highly affect those odds. Driving through? Probably 100% safe in either. Meeting up to sale an item with a stranger over an internet conversation? Chances just spiked higher in one area compared to another.
And now the private seller can refuse the sale. I've done it before. Some people just give you a shitty vibe and you understand why they came to you instead of a store. I've sold some firearms private party, but I have two bills of sale, with serial#, any information currently on our DL/ID, and I take a picture of their id. It sucks there are some stupid people out there who don't go through that, but I'm not going to catch any heat or blame for being irresponsible.
That information is false. You don't need a background check if you're a private party as a gun show. Like myself, I'm not a FFL, so I don't have to check someone's background. It's still a private party transaction. If someone who is an FFL goes, and decides to sell something at a gun show, they must abide by the same background check they would do if someone walked in to their place of business. Nothing changes at a gun show. It's still a mix of private party and ffl people. Please don't take this as me being an asshole, but I feel like you aren't someone involved in these types of things, and may just be repeating what you've seen from some misinformed redditors or articles.
That's only because most people in Gary, In are too poor to afford an xbox to sell when their median HOUSEHOLD income is $29k. Your odds go up when you travel TO Gary, In to sell something.
In the end we determined there is no Gun Show Loophole, and the exact same laws apply at a gunshow that do outside of one. Thanks.
It seems like you don't understand that articles use that term to rally support for shutting down gun shows. They try to make them sound like some hub of black market transactions that need to be closed down, and ignore the fact that there is no loop hole, ffl's still have to do background checks, and only private parties are excluded from those. Just like literally everywhere else you'd make the transaction. I strongly feel like you aren't in the US, and you're knowledge/experience in these things is virtually zero. &gt; I quoted it to show that you don’t need background checks Private parties never do. Nothing about a Gun Show matters in this conversation.
Again, private party transactions have never required a background check, and the gun show is irrelevant. What's the point your trying to make? Citizens shouldn't be allowed to sell their private property? Any more rights you want to take away while you're at it?
And since he deleted his post, let me remind everyone who it was and what they said: &gt;/u/the_simurgh (deleted by user) &gt;y they blindly refuse to see the truth why should we not return in kind Don't delete your posts people. Own up to what you've said, or don't say anything at all.
As someone who came from battlefield games where bullet trading was possible, it still bothers me you can't do it in this game.
I don't know what I'm supposed to do with this information.
So edgy and brave.
It feels like an elementary kid throwing a snot rag.
I don't know why, but I still find it kind of funny that a Canadian team won, but none of them were born in Canada, and only one is a Canadian citizen. He was also on the bench for the games. lol.
Just the side of a cliff or something? It's not very clear, and you'd think that in 2019 a street like that would have guard rails.
Wrong. He hit the dog, and since this is a 3 wheeled vehicle with a singular front wheel, he lost control of the vehicle.
Not to mention most animals, after getting hit, run away on an adrenaline high just to die in the grass or right off the road from their internal injuries.
Will people ever stop using this damn title? https://www.reddit.com/search?q=it+do+be+like+that&amp;include_over_18=on&amp;sort=relevance&amp;t=all
You're kind of a fucking liar /u/sdhgk . https://www.reddit.com/r/funny/comments/8s2ag9/my_wife_ran_and_won_her_age_group_in_her_first_5k/
Reddit doesn't like it when you take credit for someone else's work, and they know you're lying/stealing.
Step 1 is to build up a karma count. Step 2 is to sell account for shilling/marketing. Google selling reddit account. It's why all these bots get made to fake posts and farm karma.
Sucks, right?
"looks outside and sees daylight" Wut?
Wut?
Your friend is an abnormality, not the normal. She would fail the vision test when she had to go to the DMV to renew her license. Should we punish MILLIONS of people who don't have the same problems as her?
Sounds like Oklahoma needs to make some changes.
&gt; But if it had any effect at all, it'd be good. The affect it would have would be 99.9% negative. Longer wait times, increased staffing and costs, etc etc. Maybe something like every 15 years would be more reasonable, but 5 years is just too short.
hahahahahaha oh wait, you're being serious? Well, in that case HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA. "Make something more complex for a state/federal goverment, and it will become more efficient." Bruh . . . you new to this world?
My point is, you don't make laws for the 0.00000001% of people so you can screw over and inconvenience the rest of the 99.99999999% of the world. There's no justification in the extra costs it would take to do that for the near 0% effect it would have on almost everyone under 70.
Because people don't call osha for shit like this, they leave their fucking job and go work for some other place. This is a bad sign to have at a company, and why would you want to fight to stay there?
&gt; no one wants to watch someone's arm get fucking snapped in half Bruh, one of the most awesome moments with friends I've had was at a buffalo wild wings watching frank mir snap big nog's arm. Don't tell me what I want to see, and don't try to fit me in to your stupid narrow view.
Are these types of games popular in Europe? I'm trying to understand the appeal of "Insert Job Title" Simulator and I don't get it. Edit: Boy, you Europeans sure do like to downvote people who don't like job simulator games. Oh well.
So, HK wasn't protesting anything else the rest of their country was doing, because they had the good life. Now that China is proposing legislation that will DIRECTLY affect them, suddenly they care about how HK is treated, but still don't give a shit about the rest? Will they continue to protest their government if/when the extradition issue is over, or go back to being complacent with what the rest of their country does?
Here's how to take screenshots On PC https://www.take-a-screenshot.org/ On Xbone http://support.xbox.com/en-US/games/game-setup/capture-screenshots On ps4 http://ccm.net/faq/35881-how-to-take-screenshots-on-the-ps4 On nintendo switch https://www.imore.com/how-take-screenshot-your-nintendo-switch
I get that, but that shit doesn't fly anymore. The products of HK, and revenue it generates, eventually gets funneled in to China from the citizens. They're Chinese, in China, supporting a Chinese government whether they like it or not. Just because mainland china does something bad doesn't mean HK gets a pass to ignore it.
I'm not pretending like my neighbor doesn't have kidnapped people in their basement, kind of like how HK is doing for the rest of their country.
Did you even sweat from those mental gymnastics, or are they second nature for you?
Maybe I don't want people crossing the border illegally?
&gt; Why do you care so much about China Population, growth, and economy are giving them the ability to be the future of the world one day. Do you want China's moral stance and policies being considered a potential global standard? Didn't fucking think so.
Unfortunately these lazy fucks won't stop being lazy.
&gt; What's lazy about it? Everything.
Memes in /r/movies , name a dumber combo.
If you can't spend an extra minute or two to take a screenshot, yes, you're fucking lazy. That's the definition of lazy. Sacrificing quality to save time.
Your definition of "extremely upset" is fucking sad. I'm pointing out lazy behavior, nothing more. Stop being lazy.
&gt; But if the post isn't quality content why spend the time? Then don't make the post. What's hard to understand here?
What's hard to understand about it being lazy?
&gt; I'm not unwilling to take a screenshot when I can use an alternative, my phone's camera. That is the definition of unwilling. You've found and easier way, with less quality. Fucking. Lazy.
Lazy.
&gt; Did you really choose to reply with just "lazy"? Yes. &gt;Seems like you were unwilling to address my points, No, we just have a difference of opinoin. You literally see cutting corners for a lower quality product as not lazy. I do. Because it is. &gt;Oh that's right....lazy. Oh that's right. Fuck you.
Lazy. Now fuck off.
Lazy.
Yea, the oicure is bad.
Lazy.
Lazy.
Surely HK will protest this next, right guys? Right . . . ?
Tactical khakis!
Apparently they like to start developing their cte early over there.
This really sounds like it was a more local, in the store or regional manager type issue than it does some executive in a cushy office on the 10th floor kind of issue. Why are we calling for the heads of people who are multiple levels detached from the issue? We wouldn't want the ceo punished in California when an employee in Maine doesn't do their job correctly, would we?
