I found one in a Barnes and Noble years after the movie released. I also remember seeing Chima sets at TRU still before they closed
Some people have expensive hobbies, some have high interest loans. As someone else mentioned, they could be getting a new, car every few years. Most of them are probably blowing their money on things they want but don't really need.
A 2016 should still be under warranty. I'd have them replace the window motors.
I don't think they'd have the same following for a sports car that they had in the 90s. And I say that as a diehard Mitsu fanboy. As much as it pains me to say, they made the right financial decision to switch to cheap subcompacts and crossovers, because that's where the market it heading. It's just a shame their marketing sucks and they prey on those who have issues with financing. It's really ruined their reputation.
GT-Line: 147 GT: 201 From his link
Almost everything can be upgraded to make it faster or at least keep it from breaking under increased power. There's not one or two pieces that are going to make it perform much better, it's an entire process. 2JZ was Toyotas famous bulletproof inline 6 cylinder engine. It can take a lot of horsepower without needing stronger aftermarket parts to hold it together. It was available in everything from the Cresta to the 2007 Lexus IS300. https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Toyota_JZ_engine If done right, a proper turbo kit and professional engine tuning is going to give you a big increase in performance.
&gt;There is no history when there is no loan/loan payments. I understand that there is no current history, but the last payment was made just under a year ago. I'm surprised that didn't show up for them. &gt;Also, I'm not sure if you will qualify for the Discover card which gives 5% cashback because your score is now sitting in the mid-600s. I'll have to do some more research on that, thanks.
&gt; my best advice is if you can just buy a cheap used car, something like maybe 5-10K only and get it paid off ASAP. get a bigger and better car later, for now focus on getting from point A to point B without making it cost you everything That seems to be the consensus from multiple friends and family. &gt;and just because you were approved for a 44K loan does not mean you need to take a 44K loan, you can take a smaller one in a lot of cases. though at the monthly price they were asking, you probably do not even want a smaller loan from them. Oh definitely. My bank (USAA) would only approve me for $30k, then when I tried getting a quote for $35k they told me I only qualified for $20k.
It's not done, no stickers!
I actually bought one on ebay just for that.
I'm on the fence about blasters. Some Lego versions just don't look like the ones they're supposed to, like the Mandalorian rifle, so you're stuck with everyone holding the same weapons
Anyone found them in Amazon yet? I only see Obi-Wans Hutt
The people packs are $40 but you can regularly find them for $32
I got it to show up by the number, but it was 4th or 5th on the list
Buildings tend to require more detail (parts) in order to be the same build quality as ships, since you have interiors to detail too. All of the recent huts that have been released feel cramped and lacking, and look mediocre from the outside anyway. Even Vaders castle, which has some cool interior features, looks disappointing as a display piece in my opinion. That would make them super expensive (look at the UCS sandcrawler or ewok village) when fully detailing them.
I ran out of shelf space a long time ago. At this point I can only display my largest ships
$10 seems to be the standard for buyers, although I've seen people list as much as $25 per pound, but I don't think it sells
Dental pick and soap
I'm sad we never got series 4 in the US
Looks like Queen Anne's Revenge
SW0002
Well, the blue one was the generic design, and at least we didn't get Poe in flight suits for both sets.
I'm a sucker for anything that glows green or orange!
God I loved Value Village. Never saw lego but I got some good books, electronics and nerf blasters
So like I said, 4 years... 2020 - 2016 = 4
Well, yeah. That happens to all new sets
Anything with Ahsoka, 501st, Rebels, and other limited run figures
Jesus, I think TOR is the only theme I have 100% Edit: OK, I may have a slight problem https://imgur.com/a/bi5VwuY
If you have this game, mind sharing with the rest of us?
And triple points
Laptop stand
Mining Guild TIE?
Oh god, I haven't even added loose figs from bricklink, eBay, etc. I'm only at 522 sets including my childhood collection
Jesus. I try to keep my units at about 2 squads each. I do need to stock up on blasters though.
I picked mine up last night. Had them price match Amazon.
I'm trying to convince my fiancée to go back this weekend before they shut it down. We haven't been since 2012 or 2013...
The miniland displays
Multiple news articles have been posted in this thread
I don't believe that helmet style exists in lego.
Use whips like the raider atst
I wish I had a death star chilling in my basement!
No
https://www.bricklink.com/catalogList.asp?catType=G&amp;catString=679.179
Mine hasn't even put anything out other than the Tattooine microfighters
Read picture #12, not Lego
Bricklink
Suffering is the fuel in the engine of civilization
Why does Ninjago get new hilt molds every season but we're still using the original lightsaber mold?
A few of their designs. Hilts: https://www.bricklink.com/v2/catalog/catalogitem.page?P=36017#T=C&amp;C=115 https://www.bricklink.com/v2/catalog/catalogitem.page?P=23985#T=C Blades: https://www.bricklink.com/v2/catalog/catalogitem.page?P=25277pb01#T=C&amp;C=77 https://www.bricklink.com/v2/catalog/catalogitem.page?P=65272c01#T=C&amp;C=1 https://www.bricklink.com/v2/catalog/catalogitem.page?P=11439pb03#T=C https://www.bricklink.com/v2/catalog/catalogitem.page?P=19858pb01#T=C
I wouldn't say cancel it, it's their most popular IP, but they could surely throw some of that development money towards new SW molds
Mine hasn't stocked any yet..
The first one, given the hinge design
The Battle of Scarif (shield gate)
The space scene
The first gunship
$30 msrp
Same. Most of mine were 97-99ish
WE ARE LEGON
3-position small bore rifle.
Nope, you probably got it from a friend
Torso and legs are loc021
They always say that in case they run out
In-store build
https://www.bricklink.com/catalogItemIn.asp?P=33215&amp;in=S https://www.bricklink.com/catalogItemIn.asp?P=59349&amp;in=S&amp;colorID=103&amp;ov=Y https://www.bricklink.com/catalogItemIn.asp?P=43888&amp;in=S Found one set https://www.bricklink.com/v2/catalog/catalogitem.page?S=41117-1#T=S&amp;O={%22iconly%22:0} Another https://www.bricklink.com/v2/catalog/catalogitem.page?S=41078-1#T=S&amp;O={%22iconly%22:0}
Old one for leverage, new one for precision
No heavy troopers?
Oof, I feel old. I bought all those sets in my late 20s...
I've thought about it, shouldn't be too hard minus a few that look to defy physics
I just wish they still had tan ones too
Sheets of what?
Lego doesn't have the license
I have a few. One old grey from my child hood and the rest the newer grey
Look normal to me
I've had it happen a few times.
They're more frosted now, just like the clear pieces (let me find the post)
Because they switched at the end of 2019 with the last batch of sets
Must be nice.
I only bought the game when it was on clearance for $20
I have the Cyberman &amp; Dalek, Gamer, Slimer, Aquaman, and the lion from Chima. Got them all on clearance. Problem is my game keeps crashing on one of the first boss fights.
I'm 31 and while I enjoy building, I don't have enough free time to free build these days. I buy sets, display them until I run out of room, and then they go in the bin while I rotate new sets on display. While it's made me more selective about which sets I buy, I still buy more as an adult than I ever could as a child!
There's a ton in the X-wing series. First is a Z-ceptor, last I don't think has a name, but it's an AT-AT head (or sometimes AT-ST) on an Interceptor https://starwars.fandom.com/wiki/Z-%27ceptor
I'm assuming it's an AT-AT head and not AT-ST?
Yeah and Mercy Kill is alright but completely skippable
Oh man, I have this and the pit Droid. I'll need to rebuild them some day.
Such an underrated character. I hated him in TCW, but his character has an interesting progression (if you've read Inferno Squad, you know...)
Hakosuka Kenmeri ('73 GT-R Fastback) 3000GT '77 Celica GT liftback
I believe that's what they call a stable, or as Enzo Ferrari (I believe) coined the term, scuderia.
Yes. I thought about the spare lightsaber parts, but at most you would just need 2 clips, not 4, and the white steps lead to nowhere, which is a strange setup.
I've been debating on replacing my Droid and rebel fleet trooper rifles with megaphones w/cones on the front in order to make them look more like the rifles they carried on the movies. I don't mind clone heads since they're covered by helmets.
No instructions but here's the parts list http://www.peeron.com/inv/sets/4610-1
Man, I remember the original golden mask from back in the day...
The UK
Here's a quick video I found https://youtu.be/L_3Iocw2VfA There's not much detail about them online, I forget what the original event was.
Just have fun
I moved to the US the year it was released, so maybe that's why I've never seen it. It wouldn't have been in the EU 1993 brochures yet.
Treadwell Droid. Looks like a recolor of the one from 10144
Officially the trooper is Nik Sant, but like you said, Filoni wants to believe Nik is Rex, going so far as to model him the same at the end of Rebels https://images-cdn.9gag.com/photo/a7M31Mx_700b.jpg
Mine was a rental. 12k on the odometer when I bought it. Could have passed for new other than the cat hair everywhere
Nope, canon https://starwars.fandom.com/wiki/Nik_Sant
Lol
7667
I have a 3 section Tupperware container i use for UCS sets. Also means you can throw a lid on it when you're done for the day
1x1 pyramid
My favorites go on display, the rest go into the parts bin
Dragon looks like he's running amok in there!
I expect him to have caused a huge explosion in the follow up build!
Looks sun damaged
I just wanted it for the helmet to add to my Rebel pilot collection
I believe mine came with the SSD
One of us! I still need to find time to finish mine
Advent calendar Luke has his Crait robe on. I'm not a fan of Old Luke's hair piece, it should be shorter because it makes him look too much like The Dude. The brown robe the fig comes with is technically the same robe he's wearing on Crait, but it's so muddy it looks brown instead of black.
We got Orca, so King Shark isn't out of the question
They looked so good. Childhood goals!
I don't see them doing that many sets from the show though
UCS Falcon in 2007 (it was at $8k before the new one came out) or the UCS Executor ($1200 last time I looked)
Rooby Rooby Roo?
Yes, although Revan looks close!
Yeah the Malgus just looks wrong. I'm tempted to get a Nihilus but $10+ for a fake is a lot...
I'm hoping I can find just a custom Nihilus head, and throw it on an original Maul body or something
They updated it. Now I want both!
Love it!
Looks like a mix of parts
https://www.bricklink.com/catalogItemIn.asp?P=93060pb04&amp;in=S
Thanks. The sliding rack came to me one night after going on the new Rise of the Resistance ride at Disney, and I was itching to design it before I forgot about it.
My dark age was mostly high school. I stopped getting lego sets as presents when I was about 12-13, which would have been around 2002. I have a few small sets from later on that I bought or were given to my younger brothers and made their way into my collection. I have two of the original Episode 3 sets that I don't recall ever buying. For most of college I was too broke to afford sets, but I would pick up a $10-15 set once in a while, because I had left my collection when I moved out. After college I moved back home, got an adult job, and took my collection with me when I got my own place. This was in 2012. Now that I was making decent money, I went crazy and bought tons of sets, but slowed down again over the past few years.
All those? That Zev is like $15 alone...
Viking shield from one of the 2000s viking sets
Instead of the Cockroach that Ate Cincinnati, It's the Rat that Destroyed San Francisco!
First party sets, like sports cars, are loss leaders, and they need the cash cows to offset the financial burden.
That's about what they go for used on bricklink. Do eet!
I don't mind the new ones. More parts for the parts bin! I just don't like the constant price increase. The originals were $10 in 2007, which is just under $12.50 today. But today's are going for $15! Piece count has largely remained the same.
Have you done a 1934 Mercedes-Benz 500K yet?
4 figures, at least 2 of which are exclusives 10 black katanas 2 silver katanas 4 energy swords with golden dragon hilts 2 pirate swords 3 giant/orc swords 2 batarangs And tons of spare bricks! Not bad for $16...
Saving this for future reference!
I have all the ones you have (except yellow) and a bunch of low ranking officers that don't deserve a spot at the table.
I love the ones where the front fender flares into the running board
Didn't they have them on Netflix?
I said what I said :P TCW had too many filler episodes and only really got good halfway through.
Jesus, 5 Skull's Eye Schooners? And I thought having 2 was overkill!
Last I checked it was going for about $90 with no box.
I finally got mine in Orlando today. Most Walmarts haven't stocked them yet.
It ranges from almost passing to "was printed on during an earthquake"
Can confirm
Easily $2k
For being stubborn
I still have 2 of those, I need to get myself a green one. They made awesome ramps too!
Damn, wish I had known about it. I'm stuck in Sanford today...
I got mine yesterday. I swapped brown and black hands and some capes. I think eventually I want to swap arm colors too
Shippy McShipface
I believe it's Wildstyles from the lego movie 2 cmf series
Can't wait!
Bricklink
There are a few exclusive since they only appeared in one set, but none of them are rare.
I reject your reality and substitute my own.
I'm 31 and stopped caring what people thought about me when I was about 18.
Like having a social life
3 I believe. Phantom II with blind Kanan and Thrawn, the old clones and their walker, and the Frigate with Ahsoka
Keep
I bought it new for ps4, I'd wait for a sale
The Mechwarrior build?
Oof, I couldn't do a top 12. Maybe just 12 to display at once
Some of my Walmarts still haven't stocked their shelves, and brickseek says they have tons in the back
The echelon is the only one that I think has a chance. Lego doesn't do a lot of buildings for Star Wars
Ghost and Venator are my current two. It used to be Home One until I found a deal on ebay.
I thought about doing this to the pistols but I don't like breaking bricks
DEADDACK
Yeah, unlocks all levels
I love this!
"Bad dates."
I'm so pissed I spent $20 for him on bricklink...
It's not Aurebesh
I'd like to see a ground crew set like this.
Cloud City or the Carbonite freezing chamber
Early Phase 1 clones had no distinguishing unit markings, all the colors were for rank. Green: Sergeant Blue: Lieutenant Red: Captain Yellow: Commander Once the war really kicked off and units became personalized, the rank colors were abandoned and the more distinguishing unit markings became popular
All the buildable figures have been discontinued
What torso is that?
Yes, the 332nd!
As someone who has lived in both, you're not completely wrong.
I have the Veetwo but my Veetwo and Marsfour weapons haven't arrived yet. Almost ordered a Jupitive to take with me on a business trip, but I don't think it would have arrived in time, so I ordered Moon Gundam instead.
I built the regular GP-01 a few months ago and I can't believe how critical the core fighter is to keeping the body stable, it's already super flimsy to begin with!
I have like 3-4 complete Char's Zaku...
I have a similar setup https://i.imgur.com/p42ThCX.jpg
I did the same, but it was on my 13th pull...
All 3 are set to 115v
Top
Holiday 2001 was an AMAZING catalog!
They really need to do a new version of this set. I'm kicking myself for missing out on it the first time
Shave his balls with a rusty razor!
MTT, which is basically gold right now
A lot of people want them for some reason
Yes, it's just the unstickered bricks
Yes it just unsnaps
Same. Didn't even know it was a set until years later
Seam line from the mold
Also the new Ahsoka at a hopefully reasonable price!
Smaller groups is probably the only difference.
I really wish they'd go back to the original AAT design instead of using the bubble pieces for everything, because none of them are very screen accurate. And yes I know the old saucer pieces have been discontinued, so they're limited on design choices.
Glad they're using this for this year. But I don't know how much I like the actual figure print
Depends on who you ask.
I wish the base was the top one...
Such a good show if you like dubbed 90s anime
Wouldn't S7 just be Episode 3?
Do we know the prices yet?
That's another $100-300 depending on the table
Same
Wow that set is tiny compared to 60132
On the minifig itself it looks a little light
I feel like the printing on the helmet should wrap around more
I think the antenna would be so small on those it's not even visible. I think the 1x2 gold bar style plate would work best for a backpack.
Arealight's helmets are a little too red instead of orange, but the print wraps all the way around. https://scontent.ftpa1-2.fna.fbcdn.net/v/t1.0-9/p960x960/98184217_3637702356245021_1530144921686638592_o.jpg?_nc_cat=100&amp;_nc_sid=dd7718&amp;_nc_oc=AQlLBjyqolEgXp54oYIih7gtELY36-yQ-fZ9CMoROXpPQ0T8uclvf83gCfkdXdQE1eY&amp;_nc_ht=scontent.ftpa1-2.fna&amp;_nc_tp=6&amp;oh=16d42c1203f4f0e4aaee04314780fbc3&amp;oe=5EFB6DD8
Leave it!
I heard Anakin just stole the green one from the garage of the Temple
You can flip an ice planet visor like that if the antenna breaks off. Childhood me figured that out
So, double microfighter pack? Would be boring doing the same build twice
Look up the OpenRC project for an RC car. Drone parts are readily available on Thingiverse as well
Same, after the 501st and AAT (Razor Crest notwithstanding)
They used lines from the movies or had the actors record a few new ones
I give her the instructions and pull up digital ones for myself. She builds the add-on sections while I work on the base model. We did this with her sister when we worked on the Disney castle
Oooh, X-cepter!
I used to have a room full of shelves to display them
If they're that cheap, why bother with a battle pack?
The 2005 one isn't much different from the newer ones except maybe a little more detailed on the wings
Yes. Invest in curtains
Also, the last Droid battle pack we had (assassin Droids) bombed. Maybe it was because they're not as appealing as OOM/B1 Droids, but I think for the average buyer, they'd be more attracted to actual minifigures.
No. Factories are shut down due to the virus
It all depends on how popular it is at the moment. I have 4195 and have been considering selling it. Prices have fluctuated between $150-300 depending on the year and time of year
Yes and No. It's a standard Luke minifig. The cockpit is not minifig scale. It will "fit" but be out of proportion.
I think it's the lighting. The ones on the right look like they have eyes
I guess not...
It's a joke. When two people have the same idea or experience, instead of saying "hey me too!" the second replies to the first comment with "are you me?" Then the first person usually responds with something funny in confirmation, like "Yes, we're the same person" https://i.imgur.com/Q0jIT8eg.jpg If course it only works if you don't have to explain it to an entire subreddit...
*shudders* don't remind me!
Been a year and I'm still getting this bug...
Probably my favorite 4cyl exhaust sound. And its all natural, no electronic modifiers.
3
I find this kind of hard to believe. It's not like only America has police...
Dave
I once got a brown 1x4 plate instead of a white 1x4 plate modified with 2 studs, in a Snowspeeder microfighter set. And the way its built it needs the clearance from the missing studs, so I couldn't just use the brown plate.
Contact Lego
Around me nothing goes on clearance, they can't keep it in stock... Brickseek has been useless since I moved to Orlando
Mine: &gt;We have retail prices for 480 of your sets. Their retail value is $12853.
Because it's easier to cgi a part than to print one that will get limited use
Mine is literally Char's Zaku with a Gundam head, backpack and gun. using the same shield because the Gundam shield is on my PVP main
I'm not saying it doesn't happen everywhere, but Lego is treating this like the US is their primary market.
True. Same with Ventress. Only used by her and Ahsoka
We don't know, they haven't released any images yet
Look at the lift for 75201
Original mold, detailed print (not Rebels version)
It gives them that big head look, just like the new rebel pilot helmet
You're blowing this out of proportion. People aren't "crapping" on the sets as much as just stating their opinions about how they'd rather have an alternative. It's like when school lunch gives you the pizza again, and you're like "it's good, but they should give us burgers instead"
It's the most memorable part of the set
It would take years of constantly touching them to wear the print off
Print half and half
Yes. Just set the axis to negative so half of it is below the plate. Remember your height and then flip it upside down for the second print (if you have room you could theoretically print both halves at once)
It's all friction. Constant use I mean you don't stop touching your minifigs even in your sleep
Karen's RX-79(G)
Like others have said, Five's full designation is CT-27-5555, then you have others like CT-0000/1010 (Fox), so the format seems to be more complicated than that.
I remember picking it up a few days before release because my Walmart broke street date. I think I paid $17 for it. Some redditor didn't believe me that the store had it out already (it had been on the shelf for like a week) so I went out and bought it just to send him a time-stamped receipt. I still haven't gotten around to reading it.
Holy crap! I need the Assault Booster to go with my Geminass preorder...
I've been practicing my nub removal techniques on newer suits, but decided to try some older suits (I did the HG FA-78-3 last month). Dark plastic is really hard to get right in my experience, and the older sets have terrible gating, so I'm pretty proud of how this turned out. Also, since I can't post a box pic by itself, I'm sad how my HG Super Gundam arrived (from an Amazon seller). Hopefully it's fine inside the box.
It was between this, Jesta, or a GM Custom, and it just happened to be the cheapest of the three. I've been wanting a Super Gundam for a while now, to go with my HG Revive AEUG and RG Titans Mk II suits. Hoping to get Hazel Custom next and then finish my 08th MS Team.
Don't lie, you just wanted Luke in his underwear
Wasn't that also in the comics?
Main reason I bought it was for the booster.
I remember when I first saw pictures of the Titans Mk II. "Holy crap a Gundam that isn't white!" and then it turns out they're the bad guys...
I ordered last month and got it within 2 weeks or so
I usually only have one that I'm really after. The three I've acquired are the UCS SSD, Home One, and UCS Falcon. My current white whale is the Ghost
One of the most useful modern pieces
2013...
You can see the girl in the striped shirt get her neck pinned to the ground with a baton. Isn't that why we're out here in the first place?
Why not both?
If it's safe to drive they'll let you take it home.
Bo Katan needs the hair from the CMF veterinarian
My fiancée had Donatello since our first visit to Legoland Florida. Last year we replaced it with Ariel. She also has Groot. I have the shark suit on my spare key chain.
Yep you were right
Yep, I was called a pussy by a liberal for not going out there and shooting cops. The same liberal that doesn't want me to have guns in the first place. My response was: we're not your private army.
https://www.bricklink.com/v2/catalog/catalogitem.page?M=sw0666#T=S&amp;O={%22iconly%22:0} https://www.bricklink.com/v2/catalog/catalogitem.page?M=sw0260#T=S&amp;O={%22iconly%22:0}
Yes. You have to boil them in water to get the glue off
When I had an office I would tape a 2x12 plate to the top of my monitor and display stuff on there
No, it was easier to just grab some double sided foam tap we had laying around the office
Man, I really hope Werner Herzog gets his own minifig in the next wave
We should get a UCS ARC-170 after the gunship
I was looking at clear acrylic spray paint over cotton
Factories are shut down but hopefully it comes back in stock before it retires at the end of the year
Imagine having the 1A being your deciding issue. It's a lot like that.
Wow that's a badass set!
&gt;What the fuck did you just fucking say to us, you little bitch? I’ll have you know I graduated top of my class in the Master Builder Academy, and I’ve been involved in numerous secret raids on Mega Bloks, and I have over 300 confirmed MOCs. I am trained in SNOT techniques and I’m the top MOCer in my entire Local LUG. You are nothing to me but just another mediocre MOCer. I will out-build you the fuck out with precision the likes of which has never been seen before on this board, mark my fucking words. You think you can get away with saying that shit to us over the Internet? Think again, fucker. As we speak I am contacting my secret network of LUGs across the USA and your IP is being traced right now so you better prepare for the storm, maggot. The storm that wipes out the pathetic little thing you call your MOCing career. You’re fucking dead, kid. I can be anywhere, anytime, and I can get the SNOT in over seven hundred ways, and that’s just with my physical collection of parts. Not only am I extensively trained in physical MOCing, but I have access to the entire library of the Lego Digital Designer parts and I will use it to its full extent to wipe your miserable ass off the face of the continent, you little shit. If only you could have known what unholy retribution your little “clever” comment was about to bring down upon you, maybe you would have held your fucking tongue. But you couldn’t, you didn’t, and now you’re paying the price, you goddamn idiot. I will shit fury all over you and you will drown in it. You’re fucking dead, kiddo.
It's really hard to pick up another HG kit after this one
Someone else linked a post mentioning diluted gesso (1:3) but since it's a primer, it wouldn't be ideal for colored cloth.
It's a P2 helmet on a P1 body but other that it's good
Yes, Good Boy Ben sweater!
Before pandemic, it would take me about 3 weeks because they would ship from Poland.
I30 N Fastback
I have one, I like it. Probably my favorite mechanical blaster after my modded Retaliator
I've seen that, but I don't need all the extra features
Space Police 3, the newest one from around 2010
Sometimes their parents forgot about it.
I hope you drive in the right lane since Gandalf won't let you pass...
A little tall...
So they can jerk off over their actions at night
&gt; Why are the American cops being such complete assholes? They always have been. We just have cameras and social media now.
I set mine up today next to the old HG Mk II, RG GP-01, Veetwo and RX-79(G) Revive. Holy crap Moon is a big boy!
Use a hand drill set. $10 on Amazon I had to buy one to reattach a jet funnel for a HG Zaku, THAT was a tiny hole to drill...
I can't wrap my head around the middle one. It just feels like it shouldn't exist
Yeah I bought the Veetwo and can't bring myself to buy the Earthree and Marsfour. Definitely want Jupitive though.
I'm OK with separate armor, but why sell the weapons separately too?
I just want those funnels to add to Moon..
I'm not saying it's bad, it just looks strange if you're used to the regular colors
My only MG is Sinanju Stein ver Ka, so I was very intimidated by MGs
The 2020 landspeeder is brilliant and uses bricks I've never seen before
It uses these to make the sides horizontal. https://www.bricklink.com/catalogItemIn.asp?P=41682&amp;in=S
Yeah, apparently it's a new piece for 2019
It's a nice display piece but flimsy for a playset
I think I'm just missing the AT-TE and a second turbo tank
Nice. I have Rex's but not enough spare parts to modify it
https://www.scamadviser.com/check-website/paralott.com As far as I can tell the website is legit, but it looks like it hasn't been updated since it was created in 2017. Their social media is also 3 years old.
The 1x2 Spyrius tile is my absolute favorite. Followed by the 2x2 and wizards scroll. X-ray tiles are cool too
I'm about to blow 30 EN refills on this suit...
Luke has the wrong pants. Black shirt guy is from Town/Paradiso. Suit guy is from Town or Sam Sinister, but with the wrong head. Brown guy is obviously a Naboo guard
I love the design of FA 7th, but the colors just seem outdated.
It looks so real!
I want to get into painting, but I don't have room for an airbrush setup. I was reorganizing my gunpla yesterday and thought "you're the first to get a paint job!"
Built in AR camera
Sell them, use the money to buy open box versions
Green is more accurate, black looks better
Why would I stop using the old ones?
Wow a Gyan that doesn't look weird
Download them from the manufacturer's website
Gallon ziplock bags, sometimes you have to break it down into sections. Larger sets might need to be bubble wrapped
But if they move it back you may not get it until October/November
Same part count?
but muh reliability!
I could have told you that just by the url
My friend and I have been playing GTA:O Since quarantine started, and I'd give my left nut for this to be real.
At least twice a week we get "are these sites legit?" posts
And it makes me want to slap it
I would agree if they didn't retire sets so quickly.
I love that the hivemind ignores the fact that after violently resisting arrest, he attempts to shoot an officer with a taser (which can be considered assault with a deadly weapon) while fleeing and only focus on the fact that the cops shot back.
Kuruma has better side armored windows
Honestly, of all the cars I have, the Kuruma is still my favorite armored vehicle because it seats 4 and you can shoot out of it if playing solo. Second would be the Insurgent Custom if you're playing with friends because of the turret. The 380 is a cool car, but aside from the plow, it doesn't offer anything special outside of Arena Wars. Special mention to the Paragon R (Armored) because it's armored (except the windows) and has machine guns but only seats 2.
Even batons can be considered deadly weapons
My buddy and I made almost a million each on our last S&amp;S gold heist (glitch plus almost $100k daily take)... 500k was about how much we made on an Aggressive cash heist, that was pretty bad ($29k daily take). I don't see why people bother running the other jobs except for variety.
Yeah if that's your plan you don't need it.
That's not even the worst...
I'm so glad my mom didn't let my dad sell off all my stuff when I turned 13...
Are those padme figures legit? I've never seen them before
I love how slavery is a racial issue even though it existed long before Europeans visited the African continent.
A speeder/speederbike
I was always disappointed they didn't add a mini banana stand instead of the truck
Slide them inside hollow walls
They're going to switch to bio friendly bricks
Grievous speeder. Or save up for his ship which will be like $80
Matchmaking I assume
No. They are set it seems. My friend tried the same thing. You also don't have to host all 3 heist modes to unlock the reset option, just participate.
Check ebay
Why are they using the regular pilot suits for the Hoth pilots?
AAT Driver Droid is the correct terminology
https://starwars.fandom.com/wiki/AAT_driver_battle_droid https://starwars.fandom.com/wiki/Jungle_battle_droid There seems to be some discrepancy
I was expecting him to do one right after the other. But this is like jacking a car in front of the police station. You don't make that mistake twice. I was doing stealth takedowns on the beach and every 2-3 the cops would appear...
Undertaker, all the stealth and armors
If that still doesn't work (the issue I had), you have to buy the warehouse upgrade and then it should process again. It's a really dumb fix because it's so expensive.
put a ring on that one, again! my fiancee just tolerates my collections
Michael's Obey Tailgater is basically an A6/RS6 but I don't think there's an A3 styled car.
It's green not black
I think its clean!
I love this set
No I'm saying to buy third party if you can't get official ones
The app doesnt work in Offline mode?
The book is based on the Disney parks, and the character was created specifically for the park.
I wish they'd do a new Dengar using the current ninja wraps.
https://legostarwars.fandom.com/wiki/FA-4_pilot_droid
Depends on if it becomes standard or limited to this set
Have you looked at non-star wars themes like Space Police 3 and Alien Conquest?
Oh fuck off.
ATLBrick has a ton of custom figures but they don't sell heads separately
He lives in Singapore so it takes about 3 weeks to get to the US
I have all the major sets. Found a Slave 1 used on ebay and the next day I found them restocked at Target... Just my luck!
Or they'd make a new mold
Mine did too, the day after I bought one on ebay...
Do we need a million posts on this? I better make a poll to find out...
$110.50 used but complete
Same
Cockpit looks the same to me
Brickset says 2018. I thought I remembered this being a fairly recent set
It's pretty much how you described in stores (you can't even touch the physical sets on the shelves right now)
That's rough. I've visited the Lego stores in Cologne and Disneyland, but for the first time I live within an hour's drive of a Lego store (Disney World).
Something like this? https://rebrickable.com/parts/98100/brick-round-2-x-2-truncated-cone/
Since it's supposed to be a gift, contact them and they'll replace it.
I've gotten lots of boxes shipped in envelopes (including one today). They try to use the smallest available packaging so if it fits in a padded envelope, that's how they'll send it
Not sure. Usually if it was shipped by Amazon they'll handle everything
I'm in my early 30s and most people are just astonished or impressed with my collection
Weak/broken spring?
It's a cheap, iconic set that could stand to use some improvements
For the Batmobile I believe they all come as a set. For the Batwing, it looks like disc shooter ammo. Edit: those also come as part of a set https://brickset.com/sets/containing-part-6266155
Razor Crest, Resistance Transport (because the ride is flipping AMAZING!), AAT, and about 3-4 501st packs
That's prototype Boba. Gar Saxon had a red skull on his helmet. Saxon's Mandalorian Protectors had white armor similar to that though.
Yeah all the bat shaped pieces come in a set, same for some of the ammo pieces. Not sure why they did that instead of making each piece a separate number
I'm partial to chonky boi Hazel Custom, so Woundwort doesn't do it for me :(
Back then is when i figured out the old skip ticket cap. with 1000% boost and 100+ refills, i was easily sitting on 15k skip tickets...
Remove the bubble turrets and add a second set of doors, or extend the existing doors
Throwbots (Slizers in Europe)
First game I bought for Switch
I have 2 of these. One of these days I'll get around to rebuilding them!
Got them as a kid. I think I got one from my parents and one from my grandpa. I also have 2x 6175 and 6155 for the same reason. I also have the Renegade Runner and Imperial Flagship to go with the 2 SES...
Too bad it's Hot Pursuit and not a game with actual customization.
Lukes landspeeder, Ben's hut, Mandalorian battle pack, t-16 and dewback microfighters
Yep, my little brothers had tons growing up. The dragons were sweet
Usually it's about $10/lb if you're too lazy to sort out the valuable stuff
I need to do that with the brown pieces Arealight likes to send with orders
I always assumed it was for plotting against the Republic (treason)
As far as I'm concerned, he's Lucas's apprentice.
&gt; "a guy who may or may not be a Mando uses one decades after this scene takes place" You mean like the Phase Pulse Blaster?
I would use the P2 Rex shoulder pauldron instead, but thats just me.
HK hates us. Luckily PSA is (hopefully) going to save the day! Budget MP5s for EVERYONE!
I always get Blade and Dagger squadrons mixed up
Ah yes, the Santalorian
They have red and white B-wings
What do you consider a good streamer?
Head from sw0556 and helmet from sw0153 (or the one pictured)
If they redo Home One they could add him
Like others have said, pick up a different hobby for a bit until you get inspired again
No, they were Republic b-wings but in a different paint job. They made toys of them. https://starwars.fandom.com/wiki/Dagger_Squadron_(Rebel_Alliance) https://smile.amazon.com/dp/B001DCW9W6/ref=cm_sw_r_cp_apa_i_.cS8Eb3SAXFC2
Nice. Is it completely rounded?
Sure you got the right set number?
The Welrod is a suppressed pistol invented by the British during WWII for Allied spies. It was also planned to be dropped into occupied Germany like the Liberator was in France. Modern versions like the B&amp;T VP9 are used by veterinarians to put down sick and wounded animals.
Yeah, I only mentioned him because so many others do. It's really the only part that hasn't been made before.
Why 2 versions of AP-5?
Per my Brickset page: &gt;You own 559 items, 526 different. &gt;The size of your sets collection is currently ranked 7884th. &gt;We have piece counts for 515 of your sets. You own 107112 pieces. &gt;The size of your parts collection is currently ranked 16550th. &gt;We have retail prices for 480 of your sets. Their retail value is $12853.
That comes down to an average of 191 pieces per set, at an average of $27 each.
The Turismo R is the free supercar you get with the Criminal Enterprise Starter Pack
id rather run back to back gold heists than nightclub missions...
*We're not worthy!*
Stickers :(
UCS Silencer or Whisper. None of the other ships were that unique
A Gonk in both shades? Oooh
Sharp edges and solder points
There are one or two that I wasn't a fan of after building them, but those quickly get thrown into the regular parts pile
Yes
I've never seen that before. Usually you'd just count the studs. Maybe it was such a large number they didn't want people miscounting
All the feels...
I'm trying to figure out in what single scene they needed 3000 individual guns. I feel like at that point it would be easier to just CGI them in the background.
And Jurassic Park was from 1993. Whats your point? That still doesn't answer why they needed 3000 separate guns. 2005 was just after the assault weapons ban sunset, so even if they bought the cheapest AK clones around, You're still looking at at least $500 per gun ( can't find an accurate price for 2005 prices, but giving that demand was skyrocketing, it may have been much higher)
I feel like you could easily make the piles hollow to make it look like there are more than there really are.
Conveniently, masks are required at Disney World now.
OK if that's the case then yeah, it's way cheaper
One of us! One of us!
I've been debating on putting a sticker on my car, but I can't decide which one.
Can you clean that up?
Tell me more about the leash
Where is that cockpit from?
Yeah and non-prereg Heero. But I don't really care about the full collection
I picked up the magnet set on the left in 2011 at Legoland...
Weird because it gave me the rewards yesterday, unless that was for last week.
I ended up with 3 judges back in the day. I need to figure out how to make them unique enough to make a tribunal.
I had a similar idea. I want to extend the hangar area to fit my other a-wings. Problem is my A-Wing collection keeps growing!
If I don't know the exact name of a part I just do a Google image search. In this case it was "bricklink motorcycle" and it will bring back every bricklink page about a motorcycle.
Wow. I bought one and by the time I wanted more they were all $20
AT-DP?
The leg piece being backwards bothers me. Otherwise I like it
It's a toss up between high ground (including remixes) and at-rt
That looks amazing
Man I could see that as an Ideas set
When I read that all I heard in my head was the Lynda Carter TV show theme song.
After the reveal of the Fiat 500, I wouldn't be surprised if they were working on a Golf too
Orange boy good!
I doubt it.
No, I believe these sets are about to retire anyway. I did get the y-wing for $55 this week!
That suspense of whether or not a part is going to stretch or crack...
I would probably strip the print and get proper decals from AV Figs
I would have paid $135!
I actually like the cockpit piece the Snowspeeder comes with. It even has technic pins in the back
My favorite mold is the P1 ARC Trooper
Bricklink
I feel your pain.
The latest mold has a very pronounced chin which throws off the proportions
Not Lego.
Shelves
Piecing it together on bricklink, I think I got about $200 USD without minifigs... So definitely worth it!
It's because it's the same as Rebels Ahsoka
This was originally posted here...
Why? Ignore him and he'll go away. Rule #1 of the internet is Don't Feed The Trolls
But why would we laugh at someone so pathetic?
I kind of wish they never stopped using the plain black heads for generic troopers because I always liked how it looked in the gap between torso and helmet. But I definitely see this being used for helmet-less clones and Jango/Boba
But then it wouldn't feel like Lego anymore. Remember Galidor?
Better luck next time!
Shipping would cost more than the set in most cases.
It doesn't really matter what you spend it on since the point loss (100 I believe) is going to happen no matter when you spend the $100. The biggest point loss I've seen is if you go to Disneyland or Disney World and use the annual pass discount (15% I believe), but it doesn't apply to UCS sets. But after the point system change, I'd still rather use my discount then save up points.
He's the dawg!
That's almost unbearable
Each US dollar you spend is 6.5 points. Spend $100 gets you 650 points, which you can redeem for a $5 rewards coupon. So, a 15% discount means you only spend $85, getting 552 points.
Used? That's not a bad price
Wow, that seems like a cheaper solution than buying all new heads
Wow, I think he's the most common P2 commander. I have 3, which is think is how many sets he was released in
That print is terrible and they're not real
I still can't believe we didn't get Series 4 in the US...
I guess if you have the extra space for storage...
How do people remember their scores? Its been over a decade since I took mine and I haven't had to look at it since college admissions...
#Giantmeteor2020 Better Late Than Never!
I assumed the black and greys were dress uniforms. The armor the AT-AT/AT-ST pilots wore was their combat uniform. That's also the armor they had in Solo
Everything but Grievous and KoR ships
too spread out through expensive sets
